1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
conduct of the war, who were instructed by a res-
olution of the Senate to inquire into the circum-
stances relative to the recent assault upon Freder-
icksburg, submitted arepoit; which was ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, Us Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and jointres-
oiution, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 617) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1863; and
Ajoint resolution (No. 121) for the prompt pay-
ment of the soldiers of the United States Army,
and the seamen and marmes of the United States
Navy.
J ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 420) to facilitate the discharge
of disabled soldiers from the Army, and the in-
spection of convalescent camps and hospitals;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below:
A bill (No. 617) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1863—to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Ajointresolution (No. 121) for the promptpay-
ment of the soldiers of the United States Aimy,
and the seamen and mcuiues of the United States
Navy—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NOTICK OF A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing
the President of the United States to call into the
field two bundled regiments of infantry composed
of persons of African descent, to aid in suppress-
ing the present rebellion.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
437) to amend the act entitled 4'An act to amend the
act of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled 'An actsup-
plementary to the act entitled "An act to amend
the judicial system of the United States;" ' " which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce u bill (S. No.
440) concerning pardons and the remission of pen-
alties and forfeituies ni criminal cases; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee ori the Judiciary.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill of which
no previous notice has been given.
There being no objection, Iulivc was given, and
the bill (S. No. 439) to amend an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 1, 186;2, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the bill be
referred to a special committee of seven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the bill be committed to a
select committee of seven.
Mr. HALE. I hope not.
Mr. TRUA1BULL. I should like to have the
title of the bill read again. I did notobserve what
it was.
It was a<rain lead.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 do not
wish to interpose any serious objection to what
may be the wishes of the Senator fiom California;
but it seems to me he seeks to get up a special
committee on an amendment to a law which is
already in existence, and which, I take it, is not
a radical amendment, changing the whole law. It
is giving rather undue importance to the propo-
sition.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that the whole subject has been in the hands
of a special committee from the start. The bill
requires, as most bills of that length require, some
corrections, and it can be much better done by a
similar committee to that which has had charge of it
heretofore. The committee expired when it made
its report, and I propose substantially its contin-
uance for the purpose of considering this amend-
ment. There is no other committee now organ-
ized containing the same material for the purpose
of completing the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California to refer
the bill to a sclectcommittee of seven.
Mr. HALE. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I be-
lieve that lias precedence of the other motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to commit it to a stand-
ing committee, the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and that motion is first in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not understand the
object of the gentleman in refeinng it to a com-
mit tec, the members of which will require a month
to understand the provisions of the biil. The
gentlemen who have been engaged m maturing it
and examining it since, understand the character
of the bill, as well as its defects. It has been the
subject of the study of the committee who framed
the bill. It has been their business to look after
it since it has been framed. It is a labor performed
by a special committee much more readily than
by any of the regular committees of the Senate.
I cannot see the objection to its going to a special
committee, who will understand what is wanted
with regard to its amendment, i do not think
there is a Senator on this floor as familiar with
the bill as 1 am myself.
The measure is a somewhat complicated one.
I know gentlemen who have had nothing to do
with the particular preparation of H, who have
been concerned in it since the last adjournment,
have not yet comprehended the measure in its de-
tails,and I think it all-important if anything is to
be done in coirecting some of the errors growing
out of the long discussion and the many amend-
ments to it, that if. should be done by those who
have had chaige of the measure ever since it was
first introduced in the Senate. I cannot see the
objection to it, and I think it as well worthy of par-
ticular attention as any other measure before the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the honora-
ble Senator from California, I have no paiticulcu
objection to ft excepting this: I think as a gen-
eral proposition it is not best to raise special com-
mittees to take chargc of matters in the Senate. I
know this great question originally was referred
to a special committee. As the Senator from Cal-
ifornia seems to be tenacious about it, I have no
objection to it myself, and do not desire to inter-
pose any to thwart his views in regaid to it. I
know he is sincerely anxious to have this bill in
a shape that it may be made available for the pur-
poses for which 11 was passed. I am also fi tendly
to the bill, and I only made the suggestion think-
ing that it was a bad practice to be getting up
special committees upon what seems to me not to
be now a matter of very great importance, it being
simply to perfect a bill which we have already
passed, and not the originating of any new propo-
sition of great importance to the counti y. [ hope
the opposition to the Senator's motion may be
withdiawn, and that he may have the special com-
mittee, as he is so anxious about it.
Mr. SUMN Ell. What is the bill -
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Pacific railroad bill.
The Senator from California asks that a bill that
ho has mtioduced to amend that bill be rcfeired
to a select committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And I propose the com-
mittee who have had charge of it heretofore. I
will state that ever since the bill was passed my
attention has been particuhuly called by many
gentlemen to different points m the bill,and I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to it through
a special committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senate will
consent to refer the bill to the committee that had
charge of the Pacific railroad bill; and if an amend-
mentis necessary, I mo\e that it be referred to the
same committee that had charge of the original
bill
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection^to
that. That was my object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
committing the bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on referring this bill to the same persons
who constituted the special committee on the Pa-
cific railroad.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust that will not be done.
In the frfst place, that committee was composed
of two members, I remember, from one State.
There was no geographical propriety, it seemed
to me, in the constitution of that committee; and
I trust we shall have a committee now represent-
ingall interests. I do not know what is in this
bill, but I think there is a manifest impropriety
in selecting a committee as that one was selected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not know why
two Senators from Kansas cannot discharge their
duties faithfully on a bill in which that State is
as deeply interested as any other. 1 do not know
of any thing the Senators from Kansas have done
that this charge should be made against them. It
is true that both the Senators from Kansas are
upon that committee. 1 believe they have dis-
charged their duty honestly and faithfully. I am
perfectly willing, however, if it will be any grati-
fication to the Senator from Iowa, to withdraw
from that committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President,"I am attacking
no gentleman, no State, no memherof the Senate,
no member of the committee. 1 am in favor of
the original proposition submitted by the Senator
from California, to refer this bill to a select com-
mittee of seven. I stated that I did not think the
old committee was such a committee as this bill
ought to be referred to. I still think so. I do not
doubt the Senator's entire honesty, and the hon-
esty of his colleague, in connection with the bill;
but I say that the different geographical sections
of the country should be represented on this com-
mittee. I do not know what is embodied in the
bill. It may embrace questions of vital import-
ance to all sections of the country, and all sections
of the country ought to be heard in its consider-
ation.
Mr. WILKINSON. I agree with the Senator
from Towa. 1 think that the constitution of that
committee was unfair. I think that Michigan,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, and the northwestern
States have as much interest m the Pacific rail-
road question as Kansas; and I think it was unfair
to exclude all those States from that committee,
and place on it two members from the State of
Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators in favor
of the proposed motion 
Mr. FESSENDEN,and others. What is the
motion r
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to refer this
bill to the same individuals who constituted the
select committee on the Pacific railroad at the last
session,
Mr. CLARK. Thatmotionissubjecttoamend-
ment, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the pro-
posed amendment ?
Mr. CLARK. I propose to amend it by say-
ing: a special committee of seven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator may
move to strike out a portion of the original mo-
tion, and insert those words.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the original proposi-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California was understood to adopt the motion of
the Seimtoi from Kansas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I did so because I did
not wish to have any difference of opinion. I
rather concur m the suggestion to have a commit-
tee of ven.
Mr. CLAR.K. If the Senator will adopt that,
it will save the necessity of making my amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a questionof order. The
question of order is, that it is not competent for
the Senate in this way to appoint any committee.
The 33th rule of the Senate is in these words:
u 3.). Tn tlie appointment of the standing committee*, the
Senate will proceed by ballot severally to appoint the chair-
man of each committee, and then, by one ballot, the otm r
members nccees try to complete ttw same; and a majority
