1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
Congress and present their petitions; and, instead
of delegating this authority to the Secretary of the
Navy, let the Representatives of the people de-
termine what shall be done in the matter. This
resolution is to take that authority out of the hands
of Congress and place it in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. DAWKS. I think, Mr. Speaker, that no
one goes with my friend from Illinois further than
I do in protecting the Treasury against exorbi-
tant contracts and exorbitant profits made out of
them. But there is danger, Mr. Speaker, in being
indiscriminate. I think that perhaps injustice may
have been done to contractors by the gentleman
and myself. There are men who have suffered,
as well as men who have made fortunes, out of
this war; and if we cannot discriminate between
the guilty and innocent the more is the pity. If
we cannot distinguish between those who have
preyed upon the Government and those on whom
the Government has preyed, then we certainly
cannot provide any protection to the (government.
Now, sir, when we clothe the Secretary of the
Navy with authority to settle with a man on prin-
ciples of justice and equity, the only danger that
there can be arises from two things: either that
the Secretary of the Navy does not know what
justice and equity is, or else that he does not care
what it is. If either of these difficulties rests with
the Secretary of the Navy, then it will not do us
any good to raise our voices about these contracts.
I take it that I have a good deal of charity for
public officers, and I have done as much as I could
to stand up foi them heie. I have confidence in
the Secretary of the Navy, both as to his knowl-
edge of what is justice and equity, and as to his
desire to rai ry it out, certainly in cases of this
kind; and I am willing- to trust him. I happen
to know that there are eases of great hardship and
suffering growing out of the state of public affairs.
The Government has taken advantages on the one
side and has been remiss on the other. I will go
with my friend from Illinois as far as he goes in
pursuit of that class of men who aie pieying on
the Government, but I beg of hiai to let the poor
fellows on whom the Government is preying have
a little chance. Lot them, at least, be settled with
on principles of justice and equity.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If there be any
particular hardships which my friend from Mas-
sachusetts desires to have relieved, he will find me
willing to aid him in giving that lelief; but I am
opposed to the pi inctples of this bill. It gives to
the Secretary of the Navy the right to discharge
penalties on contracts entered into before this re-
bellion, and before certain duties were imposed
on the commerce of the country. Italso author-
izes him to release provisions in the nature of pen-
alties in certain cases of forfeited contracts. I am
unable to tell what are m the nature of penalties
that are fixed and made definite by this bill.
Mr. TRAIN. Will the gentleman allow me a
word ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. TRAIN. The gentleman from Illinois
ought to know that the penalties which are at-
tached to a contract of this sort consist simply in
reserving twenty per cent, by the Department
from the payments made under the. contract.
While up, 1 want to say a single word which
I omitted when I was upon the floor just now. If
there is a class of deserving men in this country,
it is the men who were contractors with this Gov-
ernment when this rebellion broke out. It is the
truth, sir, that they ran this Government six
months when theie was not a dime in the country.
The Government had to rely upon the good faith
and patriotism of these men to fulfill iheircontracts;
and they did fulfill them, relying upon the good
faith of Oongiess afterward to do them justice.
That is all these men ask.
Mr. ICEX^LOGG, of Illinois. I have no doubt
that there aie meritorious cases among that class
of men, but I must be permitted to say that no
lawyer can understand from this bill what, kind
of penalties and conditions in the contract it is
pioposed to release. The language is so ample,
so broad, that it puts entire power into the hands
of the Secretary to change, annul, ordestroy con-
tacts, to lemit the penalties and conditions of
the contract, and in fact vests in him entire dis-
cretion in the matter, without any limit or restric-
tions whatever. It is the most unlimited power
over contracts that was ever proposed to be con-
ferred upon any judicial or executive department
of Government. It is to that I object. It is not
only unlimited, but it is placing the whole control
of this Government, in respect to the matter of
naval supplies, in the hands of the Secretary of
the Navy; a power that never ought to be placed
in the hands of any man unless that we at once
declare that we abandon all right of scrutinizing
contracts, and the obligation of the Government,
and the obligation of the contractor under them.
Now, sir, 1 wish to say that 1 think there should
be a law authorizing either the Secretary of the
Treasury, who has charge of the financial affairs
of the Government, or the heads of the various
Departments, to remit penalties in certain cases
That has been my opinion heretofore, and for that
reason, during the present Congress, knowing of
penalties which I thought ought to be remitted in
the Post Office Department, I sent to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary a bill that authorized, as I
now recollect, the Posmaster General—or it may
be the Secretary of the Tieasury, 1 am not quite
certain which—to remit those penalties. The
Committee on the Judiciary, by, I think, a unan-
imous vote, rejected the bill. They reported
against it, refusing to place that power in the
hands of the Postmaster General. I acquiesced
in that decision; and now I see no reason why
this same power, on a more extended scale than
was then proposed, should be placed in the hands
of the Secretary of the Navy.
It will be observed that this bill not only remits
penalties, but remits conditions in the contract.
Sir, I repeat that no such power ought to be given
to any one man. If it is to be given at all, I see
no reason why it should be conferred simply upon
the Secretary of the Navy, though I have noth-
ing to say at this time in derogation of that offi-
cer. I have said heretofore all I desire to say in
that respect. I speak of the bill meicly in respect
to the principle which it inaugurates.
Now, sir, there is a large class of cases in which
there have been losses. I have no doubt that in
a Luge class of cases there have been failures by
contractors to perform their contracts. A large
class of cases in which it is presumed by the lan-
guageofthis bill contractors have subjected them-
selves to penalties. All that is to be placed in the
hands of the Secretary without any conditions,
without any restrictions, without even an indica-
tion of any restriction as to what is just or legal
or in accordance with the spirit of the contract,
but the arbitrary will or opinion of the Secretary
as to what lie may believe to be just and equi-
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether, if it is important and proper
that this power should hpconferied upon the Sec-
retary of the Navy, it is not still more important
to confer it upon the Secretary of War in respect
to the contractors in his Department?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was just com-
ing to that point.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to permit me to remark that I under-
stand it to be the rule of the Department, where
contractors fail to supply the articles contracted
by them, to purchase the articles in open market,
charging the difference between the price paid and
that contracted for to the delinquent contractor
and his sureties. It is the penalties which have
arisen in that way which are referred to, as I un-
derstand, in this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG,ofllhnois. When interrupted
by the gentleman from Indiana i was about to
say that there was no restriction ufx>n the Secre-
tary of the Navy; that his judgment and his opin-
ion are to be conclusive in every case, without
appeal to any other tribunal. He is to have the
power to adjust these matters, so that Congress
itself even cannot interfere. He having once ad-
justed the matter and discharged the parties, it is
"then beyond the power of Congress to interpose
to effect a remedy if his judgment be at fault.
It is said that if this power is conferred upon
the Secretary of the Navy, the same power ought
to be conferred upon the Secretary of War in re-
spect to the contractors for the Army. I answer,
yes; and the same privilege ought to be extended
to the contractors of the Post Office Department,
and to the contractors of every Department of the
Government. Why is it not as important that the
contracts in all the Departments shall be regulated
and adjusted upon this principle in the Armyandt
Post Office Departments as in the Navy Depart-:
ment?
For one, I am ready to vote for a bill, that shall
be prepared with sufficient care and shall have
been maturely considered, which shall place in the
hands of some competent tribunal the power, to
be controlled by rules and regulations to be pre-
scribed by Congress, to adjust the accounts of con-
tractors, not only in the Navy Department, but
in every Department of the Government. I think
it very important that some legislation should be
had upon this subject general in its character; but
I object to singling out this one Department, and
placing this power, without restriction or limit, in
the hands of the head of that Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. One other question, with the
permission of the gentleman. It is very apparent
that the persons who realize the benefit of these
particular resolutions will, in general, be those
located upon the sea-board, while those who are
contractors in connection with the Army are most-
ly in the interior. I ask, therefore, if it would not
be manifestly unjust to apply this system of relief
to a class of contractors located almost exclusively
in one section of the country, and deny it to those
located in another?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think so. Now,
sir, I desire only to say in conclusion, and then I
will yield the floor to my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] that this class of persons covered by
this bill, who have been injured by the changes
which have taken place, who have, perhaps, met
with losses and reverses, constitute but a small
portion of the great number in the aggregate who
have met with reverses and misfortunes in con-
sequence of contracts with the Government. Lei
them all come to the committee, where each may
be considered upon its merits, or let them go to the
Court of Claims and there settle the matter, or else
let Congress make some general provisions which
shall not be subject to the objections which this
proposition is liable to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to move that
this joint resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a minute before he makes that
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
New York is a member of the committee which
reported this resolution, and3 cannot decline to
yield to him.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will consider for a moment, it will see that there
is no other Department of this Government, ex-
cept the Navy Department, where the contractors
require to get relief of the nature proposed to be
furnished by this resolution. That Department
makes contracts for supplies to run during the
fiscal year, and under those contracts the contract-
ors are compelled to furnish all that the Depart-
ment requires during the year of every kind of sup-
plies contracted for. In the Army, contracts of
i this kind are made only for a specific quantity;
that is, for so many wagons, for so many barrels
of flour or pork, and not for any continuoussup-
ply during the fiscal year of articles specified in
the contract. So it will -be at once seen that the
principle of this proposition will apply only to
one class of contracts, made by one Depaitment
of the Government, and only to those contractors
who entered into their contracts before hostilities
commenced, with the intention and expectation of
being called on to furnish no more than the ordi-
nary supplies required by the Department duiing
an ordinary fiscal year. These contractors, when
the war broke out and the blockade was estab-
lished, were cut off from the main sources of their
supply. When the, blockade of the souther n ports
was established by the act of the United States
Government, they were cutoff from all possibility
of performing their contracts. As has been well
said in this debate, articles which they were re-
quired to furnish rose four and five hundred per
cent. And, in addition to that, the Government
failed to pay these contractors at the time at which
they ought to have been paid. That, however,
is a small item in reference to these contracts.
The Secretary of the Navy is authorized to dis-
charge penalties, or provisions in the nature of
penalties. These contractors, for failuie to de-
liver the supplies which they have contracted to
furnish, are liable in double the value of those
supplies; and in addition to that, the Navy De-
