1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
partment retains twenty per cent, in its hands as
security for the faithful performance of the con-
tracts. The Department is also authorized to go
into market and purchase at the market price, on
the failure of any of the contractors, and to charge
the difference between the contract price and the
marketprice against the contractors or their sure-
ties. That is a provision in the nature of a pen-
alty. It will thus be seen that the language of the
resolution is well chosen to describe a certain
class of contractors who require no relief except
from acts of the Government, which has prevented
them from fulfilling their contracts.
Now, sir, if this were a court of law, and the
Navy Department brought a suit for the recovery
of penalties, so far as the penalties in these cases
are concerned, the contractor might defend them-
selves against it on the ground that the failure was
on the part of the Navy Deportment itself; that
the sources from which they drew their supplies
were blockaded by the Government, and they
were prevented from performing their contracts
by no fault of their own, but by that act of the
Government. Is it just and properthatthesecon-
tractors should be held liable because of measures
this Government was compelled to take for the
preservation of the country? The question is,
whether it is just and honest to compel the losses
which have arisen in fulfilling these conuaets to
fall on these unfortunate contractors—to charge
them with the losses which were rendered neces-
sary for the common benefit. The question is,
whether their property and the property of their
sureties shall be taken when they have gone on
to perform their contracts as far as possible. The
Government has had more than its money's worth.
This is no general provision under which a horde
of contractors will be included. It is confined to
a special class of contractoi a, who made contracts
before the blockade was established, and it is only
applied to contracts for the fiscal year ending on
tilo 30th of June last.
Reference has been made to some of these con-
tractors as having made a fortune. They could
not possibly have made money under these con-
tracts. The gentleman meant another class of
contractors, who, I will undertake to prove at the
proper time, are equally entitled to the relief they
seek. Rut, sir, nobody supposes that the con-
tractors provided foi by this resolution have made
money. They are men who have been destroyed
by the acts of the Government. No man would
stand up in his own neighborhood—no fair and
honorable man—and hold to a contract of this
kind against his neighbor and enforce the penal-
ties against him. If that is true with individuals
carrying on the affairs of life, Congress ought not
refuse to grant the relief now asked for. The
laws do not permit an honest man to sue the
United States, and the only object of this resolu-
tion is to provide a means by which these con-
tractor may have equitable consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 will make a few re-
marks, and then move that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. LUCE, of Massachusetts. How docs the
gentleman get the floor and assume to take the
control of this resolution?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mygood-natured friend
from Massachusetts seems to be somewhat ill-
natured this afternoon. I have the piivilege to
oppo.se the resolution, and to move that it be laid «
upon the table.
Now, if the case of these contractors is as strong
as the gentleman from New York alleges, why do
they not comc before Congress and let us pass on
them; let us pass on them knowing the facts
which are necessary for an intelligent judgment?
I do not propose to yield up the power i have as
one of the Uepiesenumu's of the people to put it
in the hands of the Secretary of theNavy. J pre-
fer to hold it in my own hands.
Mr, SEDGWICK, The course suggested by
the gentleman has been pursued. These men—1
do not know one of them—have presented momo-
tiuls m the ordinary way. They have been re-
ferred in the ordinary way to one of the commit-
tees of this House. The committee have repoi ted
a biii to cover all of the cases, instead of having
them coming in one by one for the next fifty
years.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let the committee de-
termine on each case, whether it has any justice
or not. The question here ia, whether we will
yield the power we have into the hands of the j
Secretary of the Navy. [, for one, do not pro-
pose to do any such thing, and 1 therefore move
that the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 74; as follows:^
YEAS—Me-sr^. William Allen, Ancona, Raily, Baker,
Beaman, Bingham, William G. Brown, Calvert, Campbell,
Ca>ey, Chamberlain, Frederick A. Conkting, Cox, Davis,
Eclgertoii, Fenton, Harding, Hanson, IlutcMnsj, Johnson,
William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lansing, Mclndoc,
MePheison, May, Menzies, Mitchell, Noble, Norton, Nu-
gen, Perry, Potuh, Slufel, Sloan, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Suit"*, Francis Thomas, Washburne, Whaley, Chil-
ton A. White, Wickhfl'e, Wil&on, YVuidom, Woodruff, and
Yeaman—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair,
Rluko, Ruffinton, Cobb, Colfax, Ilo^eoe Conkling, Conway,
Cravens, Cmtenden, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunn, Eliot,
Ely, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden,
Fi*he , Fianchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gu-
dei, Gin ley, Ilaight, Hale, Keltey, Law, Lehman, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, MeKean, McKnight, Mallorv, Mooihead,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Dim, Pattou, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeioy, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Kiddle,
Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Segar, Sheffield, Shellabargei, Sherman, Smith, Stratlon,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van
Valkenbuigh, Van Wvck, Verree, YVadsworth, Walker,
Wallace, YVebster, Wheeler, and Albert S. White—74.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE B. EVANS.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of busi-
ness, proceeded to call the committees for reports.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 346) for the relief
of Jane B. Evans.
The bill, which was read, provides for the ex-
tension of a patent granted heretofore to Cadwal-
ader Evans, husband of Jane B. Evans.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
P'The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Allow me to appeal to
my friend from Pennsylvania .to withdraw that
motion to go to the business on the Speaker's
table, so that the House may put a final quietus
upon this hill for the relief of Jane B. Evans.
Mr. BIDDLE, 1 hope not. Let the case have
a hearing.
Mr. STEVENS. I fear a quietus may not
come so easily.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
JURIES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the business upon the Speaker's table,
when the business thereon was taken up and dis-
posed of as appears below.
A biii (S. No, 481) relating to juries in the
courts of thr> United States; the pending question
being a motion, lying over from yesterday, to
commit the same to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
The motion to commit was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act(H.R.
No. 709) for the benefit of Simon and Emanuel
Bambeiger; when the Speaker signed the same.
COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The n^xt bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 488) to change the times of j
holding the circuit and district courts of the United j
States in the several districts of the seventh circuit, i
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGENT OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 126) expelling
George E. Badger from the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution,and appointing Louis
Agassiz in his place; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to refer that bill
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman who reported this resolution,
what information he has in regard to the course
and conduct of Mr. Badger which requires this
resolution of expulsion ?
Mr. COX. This matter was initiated at a meet-
ing of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution, at its last meeting. The statement was
there made that Mr. Badger was a member of the
North Carolina Legislature; that he had made a
speech denouncing this Governmentand favoring
the confederate government, and there was no one
there who was authorized to deny that that re-
ported speech was not authentic. 1 should be glad
to relieve a gentleman of the high standing of Mr.
Badger of any such imputation. He does not at-
tend the meetings of the Regents of the Institution,
and we need somebody there to fill his placc. I
should be happy to hear any statement in excul-
pation of that gentleman.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. All I de-
sire to say is, a letter attributed to him was after-
wards stated to have been a forgery. 1 refer to
a letter said to have been written to Governor
Stanly.
Mr. McPHERSON. Thereappears no doubt
of the fact that Mr. Badger is at present a mem-
ber of the Legislature of North Carolina, and of
course he has assumed a position inconsistent
with holding an appointment under the United
States Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say that Mr
Badger is a very old friend of mine. 1 have
understood that on the 4th of January last he was
prostrated by a stroke of apoplexy. 1 heard he
was in extremis, and i do not know whether he
is dead or alive.
Mr. COX. 1 call the previous question upon
the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was oideicd to
be read a thud time, and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to ' reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURIES IN UNITED STATES COURTS—AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House committed to the Judi-
ciary Committee Senate bill No. 481, relating to
jurors in the courts of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 desire to know wheth-
er the gentleman proposes to press that question
now?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do. I merely wish to state
to the House that the bill, as it stands before the
House, was considered in the Committee on the
Judiciary, and that the committee agreed that
they would recommend its passage to the House.
It was done without any formal reference of the
bill to the committee, but it was brought from the
Clerk's desk by the request of the committee, was
read in the committee5and considered by the com-
mittee.
I would make the further statement that it is
deemed important by the judges of the Supreme-
Court of the United States that this bill should
pass, in order that many greatabuses in the selec-
tion of jurors under the law as it exists in many
of the circuits of the United States may be iem-
cdied.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
make one or two suggestions, "Who shall bfejurois,
their qualifications, how they shall be selected,
and drawn, impanneled and sworn, are rules of
