186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
law. Can the judicial department be invested
with that power to m;\ke those laws? And if this
power can be delegated to them, is it not the high-
est interest of this Government, and for the highest
interest and security of our judicial system, that
the one branch of the court should not depend
upon the other?
You say now, and I say, that the judges are
upright and honest men, but legislation does not
wisely proceed upon the character of individual
men. it proceeds upon the ground that bad men j
may come into power as well as good, and that
the power which may-be delegated to them may
be used for bad purposes as well as for good. And
the object of prudent legislation is to secure us
against the abuse of powers conferred.
Mr. BINGHAM. In answer to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, I beg leave to say briefly—
for 1 do not wish to take up the time of the House
by any formal discussion of this matter—that, in
the first place, the selection of jurors for the sev-
eral courts of the United Slates is not made under
any express provision of the Constitution, but is
a subject exclusively of statutory regulation. Fed-
eral jurors are now selected by statute. This bill
is, pro tantO) a repeal of the existing laws upon
that subject. The Congress of the United States
has as much power to pass this bill upon that sub-
ject as it had to pass any preceding bill. As the
matter now stands, the marshal has more to do
with impannchng jurors in the Federal courts than
any other human being. U so happens, whether
the marshal intends anything wrong or not, in the
exercise of his powers, that, as a general thing,
mere professional jurors are impanneled as tales-
men to try the most important cases.
The only effect of this bill is, that ft puts it in
the power of the Supreme Court of the United
States, as to all future juries, to remedy that de-
fect, or, if it so please the couit, to let the abuse
run on. 1 submit that the bill vests a general dis-
cretion in the court. It provides that hereafter
jurors shall be drawn only in pursuance of such
regulations as the Supreme Court may prescribe.
As the law stands, and as the practice stands now,
that principle of vesting a discretion in the couit,
if it be a false principle, as is intimated in this
debate, is in full force now, and is subject, as I
have said, to great abuses. I am willing to trust
the Supreme Court of the United States with full
discretionary power over the mode of selecting
jurors in the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States.
As I said before, I do not desire to detain the
House upon this subject; and iftheHouse thinks,
after the Committee on the Judiciary has once
considered this bill, they ought to consider it
again, I am, of course, willing to abide by its de-
cision.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I made the
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I did it because I desired to bring to
the attention of the House the fact that the bill
had not been considered regularly in the Judiciary
Committee, that it had been before the committee,
and that they had expressed their opinion upon
it, but that it had not been regularly referred to it
by this House for its consideration.
Sir, I am not desirous that the bill shall be re-
ferred to the committee for the purpose of thereby
delaying its passage through the House. I desire
that the House shall understand its provisions, and
if, upon consideration, they think the bill ought
to pass, f do not desire to interpose mere delay in
opposition to their wish. I will read the provision
in relation to this subject, a<? it now stands, from
the statute of July 20, 1840:
"Juror* to fcfrvo in the couit'' of the United ^tatc"*. in
<'ach State respectively, shah have the like qualification
«md be entitled to the like exemptions? as jurors of the highest
couit of law of ^ucIj s?tate now have oi arc entitled to, and
shall hereaftei fiom time to time have and be entitled to,
and shall be designated by ballot, lot, or otherwise accord-
ing to the mode ofiorminsr such janes now prncticod, and
hereafter to be practiced themn m so tar as such mode may
be piaeticable by the courts of the United States, or the offi-
cers thereof, and foi tin* pui pose the *aid courts shall have 1
power to make all necessary mlos and regulation*! for con- j
forming the designation and impanneiirig of juries m sub-
stance to the laws and usages now m force in such rftate.'7
Mr. ROSCOE CONKXING. What is the ob- I
jeetion to that?
Mr. PENDLETON. I say that there is no ob- :
jection; on the contrary, that every consideration (
requires that the practice of the circuit and district i
courts of the. United States shall, as far as practi-
cable, be conformed to the practice of the State
courts under State laws.
But the statute goes further, and I call the atten-
tion of tiie gentleman from New York to this, and
provides:
" And fuithcr, shall have power, by rule or order, from
time to time, to conform the same to any change in these
respects which may be hereafter adopted bv the Legislatures
ot the respective States for the State courts."
Now, sir, what is that statute? It is that in
the organization of juries for the purpose of try-
ing causes of whatever nature in the district and
circuit courts of the United'States the judges of
those courts shall have a right to establish rules
and regulations which shall conform the selection
of those juries as nearly as possible to the laws
of the States. What objection can there be to
that? What reason can there be for establishing
a different rule in the United States courts from
that which prevails in the courts of the State ?
My colleague from Ohio [Mr. Bikgham] says
that within his experience the whole process of
summoning jurors has been confided to the mar-
shal. Why? Because the judges have so willed it;
because the judges have been willing to confide
this power to him, and not because there was any-
thing in the law which took from them the power
to make such rules and regulations as would se-
cure to the courts of the United States jurors
selected in the best possible manner which they
could conceive.
Mr. WICKLtFFE. I wish to state to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, with his permission, thatunder
the statute which he has just read, the Federal
courts in the State of Kentucky have adopted as
nearly as practicable the system of selecting jurors
established by 'he Legislature of that State, which
I believe is the best system ever devised. The
people of Kentucky are satisfied with it, and they
would be dissatisfied if it were changed.
Mr. PENDLETON. The statement of the
gentleman from Kentucky is only in corrobora-
tion of- the argument which I was making, that
it is the duty of the Federal courts, and not only
their duty, but it is the highest interest of the
Federal Grovei iiment to make it their duty to con-
foi m in all possible respects as far as regards their
praciiffe to the laws of the States in which they
are situated. And now I will yield to my col-
ltMgue if he desires it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish my colleague to com-
plete his remarks. I want a vote.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no disposition to
delay a vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not suppose my col-
league has.
Mr. PENDLETON. Whatever I eayheiel
should say in the committee, and should afterwards
ask the privilege of saying in the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the proposition of this bill
is to change in every circuit in the United States
the law to which tho people are accustomed, in
order that a new law may be established whose
enactment you delegate to the Supreme Court of
the United States. You do not propose to estab-
lish a new law for the designation of jurors your-
selves; you do not propose to compare the sys-
tems now existing m the States with such other
as you may devise, but you propose to confide to
the Supreme Court the power of determining in
all the States the method by which these juries
shall be selected.
Now, I object to that. I say that no consid-
erations of policy require it. I say, on the con-
trary, that every consideration of policy requires
that the juries in the'courts of the United States
shall be selected and convened in that manner in
which the* Legislatures of the States have found
that they could best select juries for the trial of
cases in State courts.
Mr. HARRISON. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. HARRISON. J desire to inquire of my
colleague whether h* is not aware of the fact that
the evils resulting from the present method of se-
lecting and organizing juries in the circuit and dis-
trict courts, in some ot the districts of the United
States, are the subject ofgrievous complaints, both
on the part of the bar and of suitors in those courts ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I answer my colleague
that the objection, as I understand it, is this, that
the indisposition to serve, of men who are properly
put on our jury lists, and the facility of the court
in excusing men who want to be excused, ex-
haust the regular panels of our juries, and upon
the marshals is devolved the duty of filling them
up by talesmen, and then, of course, they take
those who hang about the courts to supply the
places of the regular jurors. That is all the diffi-
culty that exists in our State and in the circuit in
which my colleague [Mr. Harrison] and I have
the honor occasionally to practice. That is within
the power of the circuit judge to remedy. He
may, under existing law, provide for the summon-
ing of talesmen, and he may establish the same
rule that exists in the court of common pleas in
my colleague's county and in my county, by which
the judge may issue the special venire, and call in
sncn men as ne sees fit. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether that is not the best system that has
ever yet been devised in our State for the securing
of proper men on juries ?
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
insisted upon its amendments to the executive,
legislative, and judicial appropriation bill, disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives; and
asked for a committee of conference thereon.
JURORS IN UNITED STATES COURTS AGAIN.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to say, in reply to
my colleague, [Mr. Pendleton,] that I think the
system is a good one when executed with con-
scientious fidelity; but I beg leave to suggest to
my colleague whether the control which ought
to be exercised over many of the ministerial offi-
cers in the several districts would not be exercised
with more independence and freedom if the Su-
preme Court, in its aggregate capacity, were to
prescribe the rules enforcing such control, instead
of the judges severally making the regulationsau-
thorized to be made by the act of 1840, to which my
colleague has called the attention of the House.
Mr. PENDLETON. A judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States, who hasnotthe inde-
pendence and dignity of character to prescribe
rules by which his marshals shall be governed in
the selection of jurors, is not worthy to occupy a
place on that bench. A judge of the Supreme
Court who will yield to suggestions of that kind
on the part of his marshal, who is only the exec-
utive of the will of the court, who is appointed
to serve writs and to do ministerial and executive
duties alone; a judge who is not able to control
him is not fit to adjudicate on the rights of his
fellow-citizens. For my part, I desire to say that
in my experience of the circuit court of the United
States I have never yet met a judge liable to the
suspicion of that influence. On the contrary, 1
think that the highest ends of justice will be sub-
served by confining the judges and marshals of
the court, in the selection of jurors, to that sys-
tem, whatever it may be, which the Legislatures
of the States have established as that best fitted to
secure twelve men who shall be triers of fact be-
tween citizens. I am not willing that the usefulness
of the courts of the United States, that the independ-
enceoftheirjudgmentand its freedom from all sus-
picion of wrong, should be in any degree interfered
with by permitting nine men in the city of Wash-
ington to prescribe the mode by which marshals
shall have complete power over jurors, instead of
continuingthesystem by whichtheLegislatures of
the States have prescribed that the jurors shall be
free from the influence of sheriffs.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I do not speak
of what the statutory regulations are, but! know
well what the practice is in Pennsylvania in regard
to the summoning of jurors in the district courts.
I know that the marshal has the absolute and en-
tire control over the selection of jurors. That is
the universal practice in Pennsylvania. I do not
differ with the gentleman from Ohio at all; but if
this bill provides for the regulation of that matter
by the Supreme Court, and making the rule im-
perative, 1 am entirely willing to go for the bill,
and loavr this matter to the court.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is just what the bill
does.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I think it ought to be
so, and I will go for it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I differ wiih the gentle-
