1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
man from Pennsylvania entirely. I say it ought
not to be so if the Supreme Court is to have ab-
solute power over it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to state to my
colleague that when this matter came up I stated
that 1 would not permit it to interfere with the
business of the House. 1 hope he will therefore
excuse me if I resume the floor that I may move
the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but one word to say,
Mr. Speaker. My colleague has made plain the
purpose and necessity of this hill, if the Supreme
Court can be intiusted with this discretion. As
the law of the United Slates stands to-day, you
haveas many and diverse systems of impanneling
jurors in thedistrictand circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States as there ai e diversities in the system of
impanneling jurors in the several courts of the
respective States. Touching this matter of an
agency, we have in our own court by the law of
Ohio such a thing as a special or struck jury, se-
lected simply at tho discretion of the clerk him-
self as he makes up the panel. By iho Federal
law, as it now'stands, the parties in the Federal
courts of Ohio can have a special jury impanneled
through the instiumentality of the clerk of the
court, who may be authorized to make up the
panel, the parties to the action alternately strik-
ing out one name until the whole number is re-
duced to sixteen.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] whether it is not intended
by this bill to substitute the will of the judges of
the Supreme Court for the laws of the State in
which the jurors are to be impanneled ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill undoubtedly does
intend that; and,among other things, it is the pur-
pose of the bill to substitute the rule to be agreed
upon by the Supreme Court for the mere will of
a clerk of the circuit or district court.
Mr. IIICKMAN. Will my colleague on the
committee yield to rac?
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman;] and I
hope he will call the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I take little
interest in the fate of this bill; but I must make
my objection to having it recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It has been said that it
was brought before that committee in an informal
manner. That is so. But it is, nevertheless, the
fact that it was carefully considered by the com-
mittee, and received the recommendation of the
committee. It would therefore seem to be unne-
cessary to have it sent back for a reconsideration.
There can be but one object in so disposing of the
bill, and that is to strangle it, or prevent a determ-
ination of the merits of the bill by the House.
Where a committee has once fully considered a
subject, there can be no great piactical utility in
forcing them to take it up again, especially when
no leason is assigned; and I therefore presume
that those membeis who are seemingly so anxious
to have the bill recommitted to us propose to defeat
the bill. I have said I do not feel so much interest
in the success of the measure as I do dislike to
this unnecessary, not to say unfair, effort on the
part of certain members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to have it thrown again upon their hands,
to require the committee to do again what it has
already once done.
Mr.Speaker, the bill receives my sanction,and
I have hoard as yet no reason suggested which
should induce any gentleman to vote against it.
It does not strike me that the law which contem-
plates that jurors in the Federal courts shall be se-
lected according to the practice of selecting jurors
in the different Suite courts is entitled to any great
regard. I do not see why there should not be a
uniform practice pursued m the United States
courts in tfic selection of jurors. If it is right that
jurors in the State courts shall be selected accord-
ing to a uniform practice, I fail to perceive why
jurors in the Fedeial courts should notalso be se-
lected according to a uniform practice.
Bat the objection comes from a very bad quar-
ter. The Opposition are nn willing to trust the Su-
preme Court with the regulation of this matter,
if there is any portion of the people of the country
that has confidence in the Stipreme Court of the
United States it is that portion represented on this
floor by the gentlemen who oppose this bill. For
myself, I am free to say that I have not unlimited
confidence in that court. It is made up in a way
that I would not make it up if its constitution were
in my hands. It is made up of men whom I would
not select. Cut yet I am willing to have a practice
established that will be the same not only in the
State of Pennsylvania, but in the States of Massa-
chusetts and Ohio; and I suggest to my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] who has so much
confidence in the judges of the Supreme Court, that
he should not allege, even by innuendo, that they
are not to be trusted.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me a moment. The reason why
I do not desire to disturb the selection of jurors
is because in Massachusetts, for instance, as I be-
lieve in all the New England States, there isa per-
fectly independent mode of their selection. In
Massachusetts the selection is made by the peo-
ple. It is true that we may leave this matter to
the judges, yet 1 know that judges are men, and
when 1 am called upon to decide a question in-
volving the rights of jurors and the rights of judges
I cannot forget that judges are men, and that the
only security in the administration of justice in
this country is in maintaining twelve independent
men in the jury-box who are not controlled by
any judges for whom I have even the most pro-
found respect.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, sir, if judges are but
men, and the selection of jurors in Massachusetts
is made by the people of Massachusetts, 1 sup-
pose the gentleman himself would admit that as
his constituents are but men, his people arc no
more infallible than the judges of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
I admit they are men, and respectable men, excel-
lent men. [Laughter.]
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, ifjudgesare but men,
and jurors are selected in Massachusetts by men,
it does not stuke me that the argument of the gen-
tleman amounts to much. In other words, it is
not convincing. The gentleman, according to his
suggestion,could not trustanybody upon the foot-
stool of God simply because they are men. That
is just about it, neither more nor less. The judges
of the Supreme Court are men, and just as fit, too,
as men in Massachusetts to select jurors*
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The peo-
ple select them there.
Mr. HICKMAN. I say judges are just as
good, and a little better, for they pass an ordeal
before they enter upon their trust, that the peo-
ple of Massachusetts do not pass.
Now, sir, tho first question before the House
is, whether there should be a uniform system in j
the selection of jurors in the Federal courts, or i
whether there is any reason why jurors should !
be selected in one place, in Massachusetts, for j
instance, by the people, or by their selectmen, i
acting as agents, which I understand to be the !
case there, and in Pennsylvania and Ohio in a
different way, say by themarshalsof the districts. :
The second question is, whether we are willing j
to trust the judges of the Supreme Court, or, in ■
the language of the bill, the court itself, to determ- i
inc the number of jurors and the mode of selec- i
tion. I do not understand that the gentleman from !
Massachusetts or the gentleman from Ohio have j
either of them answered these questions. !
Mr. PENDLETON, I understood the gentle- I
man from Pennsylvania to say that he hud no ;
great confidence m the adjudications of the judges i
of tiie Supieme Court of the United States; that
he was not one of those who attributed any great
importance to them. v
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman ought to
have understood me to say that gentlemen upon I
the other side of the House had great confidence
in them.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understood the gentle-
man to say that he did not believe in them, or that
he had no great confidence in them.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not think I made any
remark of that positive character; but if the gen-
tleman wants an expression of my opinion, I say
that I have not.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no disposition to
call forth any opinion that the gentleman did not
himself express. I am told by those around me
that the gentleman did use the expression I attrib-
uted to him; but no matter. The gentleman says, i
now, that he has no confidencc, or no great con-
fidence— I will not controvert about terms—as to
the opinions of the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States upon questions of law.
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. PENDLETON. What did you say ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I said I had no great con-
fidence in the Supreme Court.
Mr. PENDLETON. Very well, then. I ask
the gentleman if it is for that reason that he wants
to intrust them with the selection of jurors?
Mr. HICKMAN. I have as much confidence
—little as it may be—in the judges of the Supreme
Court as 1 have in the people of Massachusetts,
or m the marshal of a district.
Mr. PENDLETON. Exactly. The question,
however, is whether the gentleman has as much
confidence in the Supreme Court of the United
States as he has in the Legislatures of the several
States of this country to prescribe rules for the
selection of jurors?
Mr. HICKMAN. I have certainly very little
confidence in the Legislatures of many of the
States.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am sorry the gentle-
man has so little faith.
Mr. HICKMAN. When I learn what has re-
cently transpired m the Illinois Legislature, and
in the Legislatures of other States, there is cer-
tainly a reason why I should have but very little
confidence in them.
Mr. VOORHEES sought the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir; thegentleman from
Indiana is not mixed up in this controversy, and
I do not propose to have the field enlarged. 1
heard that gentleman at length yesterday, and I
am entirely satisfied as to his position. If I could
have obtained the floor at the time, I would have
replied to him; but I was so unfortunate as not
to succeed in my effort to obtain it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I say to the gentleman
Mr. IIICKMAN. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask no favor of the gen-
tleman. I rise to say [Confusion, and cries
of ii Order !"]
Mr. HICKMAN. I have the right to com-
mand the floor, and I will not be commanded by
the gentleman from Indiana. [Cries of " Ordei !"
" Order! "J
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask that the Chair
shall keep order.
The SPEAKER. There is no greater breach
of privilege than to interrupt a gentleman entitled
to the floor when he declines to yield; and the
Chair hopes gentlemen will desist from the prac-
tice.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will yield the floor to any
member of the Judiciary Committee; but I w-ill
not permit others to come into this controversy.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not. The gentleman
has neither part nor lot in this controversy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that he is not discussing the bill before
the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. No; but I make my decla-
ration. [Laughter.] I say if there is any member
of the Committee on the Judiciary who wishes to
discuss this bill 1 will yield the floor to him.
Mr. Speaker, it is perfectly evident that neither
my friend from Massachusetts nor my friend from
Ohio has made any point upon the merits of this
bill, nor are they able to make any. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts has great confidence in
his people. I am willing he should have. He
ought to have. They selected and sent him here.
It was a question of judgment on which I might
disagree with them. [Much laughter.]
The clerk of the court and the marshal of the
district which my friend from Ohio represents may
be very good men, but I have no more confidence
in these good men than I have in the judges of the
Supreme Court, and I have no great confidence
in any judges [laughter] who would make such a
decision as was made in the Dred Scott case.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order in referring to matters not connected with
the bill under consideration.
Mr. HICKMAN. Very well. I am, however,
more willing to trust them to determine the matter
