1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGiBB.
m
honor to represent, was a good many years ago,
and when it was found that by some practices the
bank was unable to meet its responsibilities at its
counter, the directors came together and assessed
themselves twenty-live per cent, in addition to tiie
capital stock, and paid it in, so that the public
lost not a dollar. By the laws of nearly all the
States, I think, and by the laws of my own State
to-day, every stockholder in a bank is liable not
only to pay in iiis $100 that he subscribes upon
a share, but he is individually liable for all the
debts of the bank to an amount equal to his sub-
scription m addition thereto; and there are vari-
ous modes provided by which the property of pri-
vate stockholders can be reached. Now, if the
advantages of the bankrupt law are extended to
them, and the compulsory provisions applied to
them, it seems to me that instead of increasing the
security of the public, you diminish it. I think,
upon the whole, that those banking institutions
had better be loft where they are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to surest to the
Senator from New Hampshire that the individual
would not be discharged from his personal liabil-
ity by the corporation beingput into batikiuptcy,
if there is an individual liability. There is a pro-
vision in this bill that where a man is a surety for
another, and the principal is discharged by the
bill, the surety is not discharged.
Mr. HALE. I know that very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And provision may he
made to hold the individual stockholder just the
same as if the bank were not put into bankruptcy.
Mr. HALE. I do not know how it is with the
banking institutions generally, but I think to-day
the banks of New England—and I do not know
that they are not so 111 all the other States; I say
not a word of them, because I only speak of what
I know—the banks of New England to-day are
sounder than they ever were before, with the ex-
cept ion of the embarrassment that has been brought
on by the suspension of specie payments; and the
rights of the public are well guarded, and no in-
jury has accrued to the public from the banks for
a large number of years, and there probably will
not be in the future very soon. I think it had
better be left to the Starts to manage their banks
in their own way. We have had a great deal of
,experience m regard to banks; the country has
' learned a great deal; and it seems to me it would
be unwise to throw away evoiy thing that the ex-
peiience of so long a time hay taught us, as it
would be :f this feature were introduced. In the
State of New Hampshire, 1! think, there has not
been a dollar lost, by the failure of a banking cor-
poration for near halfa century, and the only bank
failuto that ocounod was managed in the way *1
have suggested I think it would be better to lcaffe*
the banks to the State laws.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. President, it seems to me
there is still another reason in addition to those
urged by the Senator ftom Connecticut, and the
Senator from New Hampshire, why the amend-
ment proposed by theSenatorfrom Illinois should J
not prevail; and that is (hat in the States there j
already exist laws which enable the Governors j
of the States to appoint commissioners, and wind [
up the atTaii s of the banks when it is necessary to '
do so. The moment a bank is supposed to be in- I
solvent, the Uovemor can appoints;commission, !
and stop further issues f>y the bank; and he has !
the powei to close the bank. That power exists '
in my own State, and I pivstimo it does—it ces- j
tainiy ought to exiet—mmhoi States. Thebanks, j
therefore, are suio-.vt to the laws of the States,
and that removes Use necessity of the amendment ;
proposed to be introduced into this bill by the ;
Senator from 1 limois, j
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to what is said j
by the Senatoi hom Rhode Island, 1 will say, that j
there are also insolvent I.nvrs in nearly all the States, |
applicable to son.-> who become unable to pay ,
then* dents. Hut i cannot see, for the life of me, j
why an insurance company, and why every other J
specie s of < of;>o!>.tjon, is to be include, d within the !
provisions of this o<n, and banking and railroad ;
liicos-rsuratioissexHuded fiomit. If ihe banks are ;
Weil in.'uaged, a>;d honestly manage*', as the Sen- ,
ator from New Hampshire say-, this hill will not ,
interfere with th«,m. If a bank is in credit, and
liobody is heim? d< irauded S.y it, the bankrupt ,
lawwnl h.u'e nu opeiatiun upon it at ail. Itw.mld i
operate only in thos., eases where the ci editors of j
the bank could make out a case showing some '
fraudulent transaction, showing the commission
of some act on the part of the banking corpora-
tion which amounted to an act of bankruptcy, ac-
cording to the provisions of the bill. You can-
not, as a matter of coursc, put into bankiuptcy a
banking institution or any other institution; but
if the proceeding is under the involuntary clause
of this law, some creditor must make out a case;
he must show that the banking corporation has
done some act calculated to defraud its creditors,
has done some wrong.
I readily agree that the banks of the country,
perhaps I may say as a general thing, are honest-
ly managed; that banking officers are among our
best and most estimable men in many instances;
but while this is true, some of the grossest frauds
that have been practiced upon theeonntiy have
been through banking institutions; and 1 cannot
say, as the Senator from New Hampshire has
said of his State, that it has been many years
since we have suffered in the State of Illinois from
banks. Why, sir, we sank more than five mil-
lion dollars; the laboring people of that State,
who held in their hands bank paper, have lost
more than five million dollars within less than
live years; and in my recollection we have twice
lost more than half the value of all the circulating
bills in our State by the failure of the banks.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman, if he pleases, whether that was not owing
to the depreciation in value of State stocks, caused
by the secession of the States on whose stocks
those banking operations were founded ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The last failure, I pre-
sume, was partially owing to that; but not alto-
gether. Other stocks depreciated. The people
became dissatisfied with the system, and the bills
ran down. I will state to the Senator from Vei-
mont, bach was the disti ust in the State of Illinois,
that i he bills of banks which were sccu red by stocks
that, if sold m the maiket, would have brought
say, ninety cents on the dollar,were hawked about
at fifty cents. Some of them went before secession
commenced, but that depreciated the stocks, and
doubtless reduced the value of the bills. It had
its effect.
In regard to what was said by the Senator from
Connecticut m reference to putting States and
counties and towns into bankruptcy, I am not
sure but that his bill embraces them already.
Mr. COLLAMER. I notify the gentleman that
I shall move to amend the bill so as to exclude
them
Mr. TRUMIjULL. The provision now is that
the act " i'h.tll apply to all corporations and joint-
stock companies." 1 take it that would include
..municipal as well a^ other corporations.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall move to amend by
excepting municipal corporations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think that would be de-
sirable, unless we design putting the whole coun-
try in the hands of assignees. 1 am not disposed
to Uke up the time of the Senate in discussing
this question. It is undeistood by every Senator
when it is mentioned. The bill ns it now reads
is very comprehensive; probably moic so, as the
Senator from Comwjcticuthas remarked, than any
other bankrupt law. Itemhiaccsinsurancecom-
panies and all other corporations, it will be seen,
except the^e two classes, banking and railroad
co rporatsons.
Now, sir, in regard to the railroad corporations
of the country, I know not what has been the ex-
perience in other States, but m the State of Illinois
nearly all the railroad corporations have become
insolvent. The railroads in my State were buiit
on borrowed money, and mortgages were given
upon the roads and upon the running stock and
everything connected with the roads, and these
mortgages were so drawn as to mrJudc everything
that should comc upon the roads; and wc find
them covered up by first-class, and second-class,
and third-class mortgages, amounting to millions
of dollars: and when a laborer sues one of these
cu  porutions for his labor for a hundred dollars or
a few uollars, he can cot no redress in the courts,
lie may obtain a judgment, but when he comes
with his execution' to levy upon any property, he
finds that it is all included in a mortgage amount-
ing to millions. I have known io&tances where
the men who furnished the wood which was used
to run locomotives upon the railroads were un-
paid.and they brought suits against the company,
obtained judgments, and whtM ihev w^nt with an
execution to levy on the" very woocj thai they-had
famished, they were met by these large mortgages,
and turned off without being able to obtain any sat-
isfaction whatever, it beingheld that they could' not
touch the wood, that it was all mortgaged in ad-
vance; and the result is; that these railroad cor-
porations pay pretty much whom they please,
and those they do not please to pay go without.
This law is not intended to operate on any in-
dividual or any corporation that paysits debts and
acts honestly; ana if there be dishonestly man-
aged banks or railroad corporations who are not
disposed to pay their debts, but to cover up their
property, I say include those railroads and bank-
ing institutions as well as other corporations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. It is a matter of some import-
ance.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bi owning, Chandler,Cowan, Doolittle,
Grimes, Hauling, Uarlnn, Ilendei>un, lJowaid,King, Lane
of ludiana. Lnne of Kansas, Latham, McDougafl, Sher-
man, Trumbull, and Wntrlit—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Antiiony, Arnold, Collawer, Davis,
Field, Foot, Foster, llaic, Harris, MorriH, Ponicroy, Pow-
ell, Rice, ttuinner, Ten Eyek, Wilkinson, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, and Wilson oi Missouri—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the very section we are now upon. The
section declares that the provisions of the bill shall
extend to all corporations except banks and rail-
roads. I wish to extend that exception to " mu-
nicipal corporations," because the general terms
of the bill would now include all city, all village,
all township corporations, and I hardly think it
worth while to undertake to put them into bank*
ru ptcy.
M r. FOSTER. That certainly was not designed.
I hope the amendment will be made, if the mat-
ter is not sufficiently clear.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Vetmont is to insert after the
wotd "railroad," in the third line of tj|e twenty-
fourth section, the woids "or municipal."
Mr. POMEROY". Ought not literary and reli-
gious corporations to be excepted also?
Mr. COLLAMER. They are not municipal;
they are eleemosynary.
Air. POMEROY. But they ought to be ex-
cepted as much as railroads.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
qualify the amendment, and say " municipal and
eleemosynary corporations."
Mr. HALE. I would rather have a division
of that question. I object to excepting eleemos-
ynary corporations; and I do not like the word
4< eleemosynary."
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator does not
like the word, let him propose " religious or char-
itable."
Mr. HALE. The word " eleemosynary" is
not perhaps generally understood. My own opin-
ion is that an eleemosynary institution ought not
to be allowed to get in debt. If you have any-
thing to give to charity, give it; but do not run m
debt to give away. 1 think that class of corpo-
rations should not be included; and I think the
word "eleemosynary" is a little too indefinite.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am not at all tenacious
as to the word. I used it merely because it was
a well understood term m law.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator will ex-
cuse me for saying that I am not certain that it is
well undeistood in law. I remember a veiy dis-
tinguished case which was decided by the Supreme
Court, and ;t was a moot question there whether
colleges were eleemosynary institutions.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to extend the ex-
ception to ail literary, scientific, and religious cor-
poration:?.
Mr. HOWARD. Say " charitable."
Mr. COLLAMER. That is what " eleemos-
ynary" means.
Mr. HOWARD. I know it; but" charitable"
is English.
Mr. COLLAMER. That would leave the very
same question, whether they are charitable or not.
Mr. HALE. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion. Letk< municipal corporations'* be put in
first.
