1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
embraced in the bill than I am to leave it to the
constituents of my friend from Massachusetts or
the clerk or marshal of the district represented
by my friend from Ohio.
Mr. PENDLETON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if he does not think the eminent and able
jurist and honest man who has been appointed
by Abraham Lincoln to preside over one of the
circuit courts of the United States, Judge Swain,
is not worthy of Ins confidence, and whether the
clerk or marshal that he might appoint would not
be fit persons to select jurors?
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have a very high regard
for Judge Swain and for some of the other judges
of the Supreme Court, but when you come down
to the subordinates, appointed by these judges,
or by the President of the United States, as sub-
ordinates under them, I not only lack respect but,
in many cases, I have a profound contempt for
them. My ground ought not to be misunder-
stood. [Laughter.] I have no great confidence
in the constituency of the gentleman from Mas-
• sachusetts because they sent him here. [Great
laughter.] I see that my friend misconstrues me.
I make the remark from no want of respect to
him. I say to him, lest 1 be misunderstood by
others, that the reason they ought not to have
sent him here is that decent men should be al-
lowed to remain at home. [Great laughter.] I
now demand the pievious question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid upon
the table.
GEORGE MAYO, DECEASED.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 479, for the relief of
the legal representatives of George Mayo, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee oil the Post Office
and Post Roads.
HIGHWAYS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Bill of the Senate No. 337, extending the time
for carrying into effect the provisions ol the third
section of the act entitled "An act relating to high-
ways in the county of "Washington and District
of Columbia," approved May 3, 1862, was next
taken from the Speaker's table, received its sev-
eral readings, and was passed.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
The next bill taken from the table was bill of
the Senate No. 419, for the removal of the Win-
nebago Indians, and for the sale of their reserva-
tion in Minnesota for their benefit; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I might make the point of
order on this bill that the fourth section makes
an appropriation, and that it must, therefore, have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, but if it has
been before the Committee on Indian Affairs of
this House, and is unanimously approved by
that committee, I shall not object to its passage
at this time.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say to the House
that this bill was before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and that the members of that committee
unanimously recommended its passage.- When
it came from the Senate, as is the practice at this
stage of the session, it was taken from the Speak-
er's table and informally considered by the com-
mittee. As I have said, that committee is unan-
imously in favor of its passage. It makes no ap-
propriation. It merely instructs the President to
remove these Indians with their consent, and to
dispose of their lands for their own benefit. I de-
mand the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The hour of half-past four o'clock having now
arrived, the House took a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
P' m' THOMAS BLAGDEN ET AL.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered and agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Committee on Claims be discharged
fiom the consideration of the claims of Thomas Biagden
and others, and that the same be referred to the Secretary
of War.
II. B. BABCOCK.
On motion of Mr. BUFFINTON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papeis in the case of II. B. Babcock,
by leaving copies of the same on file.
Mr, MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, with a view to put it on its
passage* a bill (H. R. No. 763) to build and con-
struct a wagon road for the use of the Military
Academy, from West Point, in the county of
Orange, State of New York, to Cornwall Land-
ing, in said county.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 thought it was the under-
standing that we should proceed regularly with
the business upon the Speaker's table* 1 object
to everything that is not the regular order of busi-
ness, because all the time we have is needed for
the necessary business of the country.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
not object. It is only a small bill reported from
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. STEVENS, i think that the roads and
canals have had their day during this session.
[Laughter.]
MEDIATION BETWEEN FRANCE AND MEXICO.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Whereas the people of the United States, on account of
their " profound sympathy" for France on the one side,
growing out of American history and traditions, and for
Mexico on the other, arising from intimate neighborhood
and an inevitable complication of interests, " cannot re-
gard, without piofound icgiet." this wai iaging between
them,worse than civil, comparable to the most terrible
distractions'' of the modern monarchies of Europe, " and
whose disasters multiply in pioportion to the resources and
the valor winch each of the belligerent, parties develop,"
and are much increased on the part of our ancient ally by
the ravages of yellow fever and Mexican hoi semen, as well
as the diftance which separates Fiance from the country
she invades and seek- to regenerate by conquest; and
wheieas France and Mexico are both distinguished orna-
ments of the same " Latin race,"mid eonnccted by the holy
ties of the same icligiuu, ami might profitably, in their own
interests and the interests of humanity, settle a dispute
about pccumai v claims and liabilities without the prose-
cution of a bloody and expensive war; and whereas we de-
sire to testify bv our cood offices the feelings which have
not ceased to animate''the people, of the United States
towards both partis, and their ''purpose of asMsting to
shorten the period of Uiom' hostilities which are desolating
the American continent:" Therefore,
Be it resolved, That " it some day" the members of the
"Latin race,'5 tired of turning their valor against them-
selves, should wich to have recourse to us (''faultless
sharers with" them *£ in the misfortunes and calamities"
of their "unhappy war") in oider to seek in concert the
means of terminating this conflict, they would find us
always ready, associated with other Powers on this conti-
nent, "or separate!), to aid them with our cooperation,"
and now propose to them an " informal conference" pend-
inu hostilities ; and that " leprescntatives or commissioners
oi'ihe two paittes assemble at such point as it should be
deemed proper to designate, and which could for this pur-
pose be declared neutral," for the purpose of examining
" reciprocal complaint*, and in place of the accusations
which Fiance and Mexico mutually cast upon each other
at this time" substitute an " argumentative discussion of
the intere>n> which divide them."
Resolved, That we offer these belligerents the city of
New Oilcans an an appropriate place for the meeting of
such commissioners.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thought the regular order
of business was called for half a dozen times, and
that operates as an objection to everything else.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope there will be no
objection to my little resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to everything that
interferes with our going to the business on the
Sneaker's table.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Then I shall require a
quorum to be present.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the consent of the House
to make a statement.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I find in the New
York Evening Post of yesterday a dispatch pur-
porting to be taken from the Philadelphia In-
quirer. It is as follows:
" General Meigs has refused to give the committee on
the conduct of the war testimony in his possession of the
treason of an officer whom he has been favoring, and It is
now probable that he will be brought before the House for
contempt."
I am directed by the committee on the conduct
of the war to say that this statement is wholly
without foundation. In to-day's Philadelphia
Inquirer I find the following:
" General Meigs to-day produced some of the papers he
has been refusing to disclose ; but learning that hchad not
given all up, they have sent for him again. They contain
some strange revelations of fraud and treason in the West."
This is also wholly without foundation.
There is still another dispatch in the Phila-
delphia Inquirer:
"The committee on the conduct of the war have sent
for General McCiellan to allow liim to explain, if possible,
some serious charges against him."
I am directed by the committee to state that
this is also wholly without foundation.
APPEALS, ETC.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 516, to allow the Uni-
ted States to prosecute appeals and writs of error
without giving security; which received its sev-
eral readings, and was passed.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY OF THE DISTRICT.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 466, granting certain
privileges to the Guardian Society of the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 519, to annex a part ot
the State of New Jersey to the collection district
of Now York, and appoint an assistant collector
to reside at Jersey City; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. NIXON demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. NIXON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKING SYSTEM.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 486, to provide a na-
tional currency secured by pledgeof United States
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof; which was reada first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. It is that
this bill should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, inasmuch as in
the nineteenth section it makes an appropriation
of money.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Aldrich in
the chair.) The nineteenth section will be read.
The seciion was read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. It simply duects the
application of money which is appropriated, or
to be appropriated, in the annual appropriation
bills.
Mr. COX. Did I understand the Chair to de-
cide that the section made no appropriation on the
ground that the money is to be paid out of the
contingent fund of the Department? I did not
hear distinctly the reason assigned by the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The section di-
rects the application of money already appropri-
ated, or to be appropriated, in the annual appro-
priation bills, and therefore he oven ules the point
of order. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire, with the consent of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which House bill
No. 407, in reference to courts in Wisconsin and
