1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lll'S
ing to capitalists, to induce them to combine their
credit with the credit of the Government in issu-
ing this national currency, and providing for its
redemption during suspension in legal tender
notes, and after resumption of specie payments,
* in coin. The Secretary of the Treasury in his
annual report recommends "the organization of
banking associations to supply circulation securcd
by national bonds, and convertible always into
United States notes, and after resumptionof specie
payments irrto coin.''
The additional advantages held out by the bill
to induce rich men, men of accumulated capital,
to join the Government in maintaining this na-
tional currency, are:
1. The national character given to the bills to
circulate at par in all parts of the United States.
2. It is made receivable at par for all internal
taxes and all other dues to the Government, ex-
cept customs, and payable to the Army and Navy
and all other creditors of the Government.
3. The banking associations are to be exempt
from all State and United States taxation,and only
pay two percent, peranqum forengraving, paper,
and printing their circulating notes, and which is
to include ati the other expenses of the Currency
Bureau, at Washington.
On a full review of this proposed plan of a na-
tional currency, it will be seen that it is based on
public and private faith; that it proposes to com-
bine the interest of the nation with the rich indi-
viduals belonging to it. Men of surplus capital
only can profitably engage in the business of bank-
ing. If speculators and adventurers, without pos-
itive capital, attempt to bank under this bill they
will fail. Money-lenders, and not money-bor-
rowers, can successfully organize and manage
banking associations under the provisions of this
act.
How far it will be found practicable to extend
the organization of associations on the credit of
the public and of individuals can only bo ascer-
tained by the experiment. A banking association
of ยง100,000,000 capital, all paid in by wealthy in-
dividuals, and firmly established in the city of
New York, and acting as the fiscal agent of the
Treasury Department, would be a most valuable
support to the credit of the Government. It might
be made the depository for all the public moneys
in that city. It might receive the public moneys
derived from loans, from customs, and internal
taxes, and disburse all these moneys to the credit-
ors of the Government. This would give the
moneyed men who are stockholders of the bank
an immediate pecuniary interest in upholding the
credit of the Government. Similar organizations
in Boston, Philadelphia, New Orleans,and other
principal cities of the Union might be made with
less amount of capital, and, in like manner, be-
come fiscal agents of the Government in those
cities. The Bank of England is a striking exam-
ple of the combined power of public authority
and private influence in sustaining the credit of
Government. We may safely profit by this ex-
ample. This bank has been the chief agent in
sustaining the British Government in the long and
exhausting wars in which she has been engaged.
The Bank of England is the fiscal agent of the
British Government, and notwithstanding it is a
bank of discount, deposit, and circulation, it has
thus far received and disbursed the public moneys
without the loss of a dollar of the money intrusted
to it.
It is also well known that our Government
never lost any of the money deposited in the first
or second Bank of the United States. They were
both fiscal agents of the Government. All the
public money was received and disbursed by them
with fidelity and usefulness to both parties. Sound
and well-managed banks tend to increase public
and private credit, and extend as well as to facil-
itate commerce with States and individuals. They
stimulate industry, commodities aie multiplied,
agriculture, mining, and manufactures flourish;
these constitute the true wealth, greatness, and
prospeiity of tho country.
I have no doubt that the framers of the Con-
stitution contemplated a national currency ade-
quate to the wants of the General Government,
and that for all national purposes it has the power
to control and regulate the currency. In all Gov-
ernment transactions it has the right not only to
provide by law for is&umg the kind of currency
that shall be received for taxes, custom duties, and
all other dues to the United States, but also the
kind of money that shall be paid to the Army
and Navy, and all other creditors of the Govern-
ment. J f there had been established years ago
a sound national bank of $200,000,000 capital,
which had been in full operation as the fiscal and
financial agent of the Government at the time of
the breaking out of the present rebellion, what a
mighty support it would have been in sustaining
the Government at the present time! The inde-
pendent Treasury law unnecessarily isolated the
Government from all the capitalists and the ac-
cumulated capital of the country.
At the very outset of this rebellion there was
no money in the sub-Treasury, and, notwithstand-
ing the hostility heretofore and now manifested
toward State banks, the Government was obliged
to resort at once to the State banks in New York,
Boston, and Philadelphia, for money to prosecute
the war. The States had fostered and built up
strong State institutions, while the General Gov-
ernment had been vacillating and weakened by
conflicting views and opinions as to the constitu-
tionality and policy of a national bank. It is now
most apparent that the policy advocated by Alex-
ander Hamilton, of a strong central Government,
was the true policy. A strong consolidated Gov-
ernment would most likely have been able to avert
this rebellion; but if notable to prevent it entirely,
it would have been much better prepared to have
met and put down the traitorous advocates of se-
cession and State rights, who have forced upon us
this unnatural and bloody war. A sound national
bank, upheld and supported by the combined
credit of the Government and rich men residing in
all the States of the Union, would have been a
strong bond of Union before the rebellion broke
out, and a still stronger support to the Govern-
ment in maintaining the Army and Navy to put
it down.
Sir, the United States Government has thus far
established no permanent system of national cur-
rency except that of gold and silver. Ever since
the adoption of the Constitution there has been
a conflict of opinion among the ablest statesmen
of the country upon the question of a national
currency. Jefferson opposed the creation of all
banks, iSoth State and national. Alexander Ham-
ilton proposed a national bank during the strug-
gle for American independence in 1780, but his
suggestions were notthenadoptcd. During Wash-
ington's administration, in 1791, the first Bonk
of the United States was incorporated, mainly
under the influence of Mr. Hamilton, which con-
tinued in operation until 1811, when its charter
expired. No national bank was in existence dur-
ing the second war with Great Britain.'That war
was carried on by loans and by the issue of Treas-
ury notes. Ift 181G the second Bank of the Uni-
ted States was chartered, and continued in exist-
ence until 1836, when its charter again expired.
Ail will remember the decided opposition of Gen-
eral Jackson to its recharter,and the fierce struggle
that ensued between the friends and opponents of
a United States bank. The friends of the bank
were finally beaten when Jackson was reelected
President in the fall of 183*2. The friends of a
United States bank again rallied in 1840-41, but
were again defeated by the veto of John Tyler.
In 184() the independent Treasury law was finally
adoped, by which it was established that the op-
erations of the Government should thereafter be
carried on wholly in gold and silver com, and that
this money of the Government should be kept
separate from ail banks and banking transactions.
Thus the law continued up to the session of the
present Congress.
No settled policy has as yet been established by
which the Government has assumed permanent
control over the national currency. State banks
stiil go on issuing circulating notes, selling ex-
change, discounting promissory notes and bills,
and receiving deposits, and the sub-Treasury law
is still unrepealed. A national currency, adequate
to the operations of the Government in peace and
war, has yet to be established. It seems that the
present is a propitious time to enact this great
measure as a permanent system, and that the duty
of the Government in providing a national cur-
rency shall no longer be neglected.
Sir, the Government of the United States ought
not to depend on State institutions for the execu-
tion of its great powers. In the administration
of the high prerogatives conferred by the Constitu-
tion, this Government need not depend at all upon
State officers, State institutions, or State laws.
Its own powers and its own means, if brought
into active exercise, are fully adequate to the ends
for which the Government was established. In
the long interval of peace many of the powers
granted in the Constitution have not been fully
exercised, nor was it necessary during peace to
put them fully into execution. But now, when
engaged in a gigantic war, when the very existence
of the Government is in such imminent peril, it is
of the highest importance that it should exert all
those great powers to maintain itself, preserve its
own dignity, and enforce its own high prerogatives.
Congress and the Executive cannot fail now to do
all in their power to save the Government and
restore the national Union.
Sir, this Government has power to issue a na-
tional currency entirely independent of State au-
thority; power to raise and.support armies inde-
pendent of Governors of States or State laws;
power to provide and maintain a navy in like man-
ner; and power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations", among the several States, and with the
Indian tribes. These great powers may,by means
of proper legislation, be made to operate directly
upon the people independently ofState boundaries
or State sovereignty. Under the power "to raise
and support armies" we may provide for calling
the able-bodied men of the nation directly into
the Army of the United States, and without the
aid of Governors of States; and in like manner the
Navy may be increased. As a necessary means
for "supporting" such an army and "maintain-
ing" sucn a navy, we may provide for the issue
of a national currency, through the agency of
banks, or by the issue oflegal tender notes direct
from the Treasury. Either mode will require
about the same amount of currency to be issued
to pay the Army and Navy; either mode will be
constitutional; and it is in the sound discretion
of Congress to decide which is the best mode of
providing the means for carrying on the Govern-
ment in the present exigency.
Sir, all the powers conferred on the General
Government are self-acting, self-sustaining, and
wholly independent of State authority; and when
enforced by men of will, strong nerves, enlight-
ened self-reliance, energy, and ability sufficient to
put them into active exercise, are fully adequate
to the putting down of this gigantic rebellion and
maintaining the Constitution and laws over all
the thirty-four States and the Territories included
in the national Union. The duty of putting these
constitutional powersintoactiveexercise devolves
upon Congressand the Executive. Congicss can-
not fail to perform every duty devolved upon it in
the present great emergency.
In the absencc of a national bank the State
banks have been liberal in making loans to the
Government since the war begun. It has been
ascertained from reliable data that on the 10th day
of January, 1863, the banks in the State of New
York alone held United States securities to the
amount of $153,637,174; being $45,000,000 mote
than the entire capital of all the banks in the
State,their capitalsbeingonly$108,60G,062, Tlfts
shows the ability and willingness of the banks in
Now York to support the Government in her pios-
ent peril. There is in the present imperiled con-
dition of the Union more distrust of the stability
of the General Government than there is of the
State governments. Some doubt exists, owing
to divisions at the North, as to our final success
in crushing the rebellion. Could you make it
certain that the Union will be pieseivcd, and the
national jurisdiction maintained overall the thirty-
four States and the $16,000,000,000 of taxable
property therein, which is liable for our public
debt, excluding therefrom the debt of the lebel
government, said to be $900,000,000, the six per
cent, bonds of the United States would not be five
per cent, below par, while the six per cent, bonds
of the State of New York arc worth a premium
of twenty-eight percent. Capitalists are natu-
rally timid, and will hesitate about entoiing into
new projects until they can sec the way clear.
They desire to know that the Union is to bo main-
tained and the Government perpetuated. Being
fully assured of this, your bonds will be immedi-
ately above par, and there will be lsss difficulty
