THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Tinn.i y~Sevent1i Cokuhlss, 3d Slssion.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1S63.
New Segues -No. 12,
travene the decision of the House that it should
not be entered there; but there was no such de-
cision of the House. The lesolution was enter-
tained; it received the consideration of the House,
and it lias been postponed for further considera-
tion. i claim that it was an error not to insert on
the Journal this matter which the House,by a sol-
emn vote, has determined shall lie over for fui ther
consideration, it) order that it may appear—when
the House shall heteuftor consider it, if the House
shall so consider it—what it was that claimed their
consideration yesterday, and will claim it then.
I am aware tiuita negative decision of the House
upon the resolution which I introduced would
have the effect of refusing, with the concurrence
of (he House, to permit the matter to go upon the
Journal as a solemn protest; but I submit that,
from the necessity of the case, it must be cler-
ically recorded, in order that the House may in-
telligently determine whether it will so record it.
I submit, therefore, upon both grounds, that
the Journal should he corrected—first, that it is
an essential part of the resolution itself, which the
Clerk is not at libeity to omit; and, second, that
by the action of the House in laying: the resolu-
tion on the table, they have entertained ihe ques-
tion whether they will or not order to be recorded
formally on the Journal this solemn protest of
members of the House; and that with deference
to the possible future action of the House upon
that question, it is essential that the protest should
be clerically recorded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion raised by the gentleman from Ohio, for the
reason that when the House has decided a thing
shall not be done directly, it should not be per-
mitted to be done by indirection under parliament-
ary law. The effect of the motioi*-to lie on the
table is, as the gentleman lias stated, only to post-
pone the question, to be called up at any time.
And such is the piactice m the Senate. In the
House, however, (he practice has always been to
consider a vote laying a measure on the table as
a negative decision of the question.
The Chair in his decision has followed the pre-
cedents of the House in preceding Congresses.
He will direct the Clerk to lead from the Journal
of the House, lirst session Twenty-Ninth Con-
gress.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'* Tue sd w, July 7, 1846.
"The Journal of yesteiday having been read,
'•Mr. Asiimun* moud to amend the s'um- bv inserting
thereon at length the motion made >esterda> by Mr.
MeGaughey to amend the Join nal of the pieced nig day.
'•Tin* Speaker decided ili.it the said motion to amend
the Journal was nor in (fider, lor the reason that it was not
in oider to spread upon tli" Journal indirectly what the
House has refused to plaee dne< tly.
tiu-s de«'i-ion Mi, Amimpv appealed.
'"And the question h'Mniz put, ' Shall the decision of the
Clnii '.tand as the judgm< W ol the House ?'
" It \\ as d< eid< d m the afliuuative.
"So the decision ot the Chair was sustained; and the
motion to amend \v:i< decided out ol ordei r
The SPEAKER. The Chan will now cite a
case where a piotest had been entered by the Ciei k
upon the Journal after the House had decided nor
to have it entered,under circumstances similar to
those in the pt esent instance. The House decided
that the protest had been impropetlv enteied, and
directed thatit be stricken ft om the Journal. The
Ciei k wii-i fiotn the Journal of the House,
first session, Twenty-Eighth Congress.
The Cle.k read as follows:
" Mr. Barn s.rd moved the following resolution :
" Rewired, That the Journal of \ e«,terd:iv be amended
as to state t'tat Mt ISain.ud offered in his place to read a
papej Mgned iiyhimstll and torn-rune oilier members ot
tile House; that objection \va< made; when a motion was
made that Mt Karnaid ha\ e leave to read the paper; that d
question was put by the eieik to tiie House, which, on ;j
a division, derided against gi.uit.ny the leave." ! j
* * >- * * * * * *,* * 11
u And so it was jj
" Ilctoh cd. That «o much of the resolution of Mr Bar-
naul in! ,tn amendment of the Journal ot Monday, the 4th j
Instant, as rer itcs a piote^t of J). I). Mainaid. and others. '!
be -tsieken ttom the Join nal of Tuesday . the 5th ni-tanl. :;
♦♦[The said piotest vv.u aecoiduigly stucken tiom the !'
Journal !
The SPEAKER. The first case read by the l\
12
Cieik is similar to that now presented, except
that in one instance the resolution was rejected
by a direct vote upon its adoption, while in this
case the resolution was laid upon the table, which
the Chair holds, under the practice of the House,
to be equivalent action, the practice of the House
having, in this respect, overridden parliamentary
practice.
The other case, in which the House directed to
be stricken from the Journal a protest which the
Clerk had improperly placed upon the Journal, is
piecisely ni point.
The Chair, therefore, decider the motion of the
gentleman fiom Ohio to amend the Journal to be
out of oider.
Mr. PENDLETON. I respectfully appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The question was put, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House'"
and on a division there were—ayes 61, noes 25;
no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pendleton,
and Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The lionse again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—nv< s 64, noes £6: no quorum voting
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afiiimativc—yeas 74, nays 20; as follows:
YI1AS—Messrs Aldueh, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt, linker,
Beaman, Bingham, Blake, William G Brown, Bufhnton,
P. inn ham, < 'ampbell, <J.i-ey,Onamb"ilarn, Clatk, Clement-,
(Jo I law Fredeiu-k A. Coukhng. Ro^coe Conkhng, (.'utlci,
Delano. Ducll. Dunn, Edw aids, Ehot, Ely, Samuel Fes-
scnden, Thomas- A. 1) Fessenden. Fisher, Fi anchor, Gran-
der. Gnrle\, li night. Hale, Hall, Ilari [son. Hooper, llo'ton.
Hutching Keihy, Fiaitcis W KeJlogg. William Kellogg.
Lansing, Loomi*, Lovejoy, Low. MeKoan. McPhcrson,
Mavnaid, Mitchell, Moorhi ad, Anson P. Motnll, Ju-tm S.
Morull. \oell, Tunotlu G Phelps, Pike, Porter. John II.
Bice, Ihddle. ftdward II. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Shef
field, Miellabaigor, Spaulihug, Steven.-, Sttatton, Benjamin
F Thomas, Tumble, Verree. Wallace, Wilson, Windom,
and Woice-tei—7-1
NAV-;—Mcsms William Allen, Ancona, ralvert, Cox,
Gnder. Ilaidmg, Mav. \Iotii-, Noble, Norton, Nngen, Pen-
dleton, Pnee. Kob.n-on, James S. Rollins:, Sluel, Vallaa-
digham, Voothec:-, Wad-worth, and Woodruff—90.
So 'he decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the H-nise.
Rrfoie tlie vote Wtis announced,
Mi. SMITH stated that Mr. Steele, of New
York, w.is detained fiom the House bv sickness.
M r. TROW BRI DOE (not having been within
the bar when ins name was called) asked leave to
vote.
Mr. VALLANDIOHAM objected.
INDIAN ANNUITIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from tho Seci etai y of the 1 iiU-i ior, in
compliance with the act of March 2, 1SG1, giving
the amounts due the Ciupp. was, Ottowas, and
other Indians now residing in the State of Mich-
igan; whieh was refened to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INTNltlOIt DEPARTMENT ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
giving the annual statement of balance on the
books of the Second Comptroller of the Treasury
to the credit of the Iuteiior Department; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
I NTHIINAL P.EVEN U12-
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanmous
consent, the House proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments of the Senate to the hill of the
House (No. 592) to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide internal levenue to support the Gov-
ernment and to pay interest on the public debt,"
approved July 1, 1662, m all of which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommended con-
currence.
First amendment:
Section two, line four, after the word {k supply" strike
out the woid " to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Section three, line one, after the word " that," strike out
the following words:
Any stamp appropriated to denote the *luty charged on
any paiticular instrument, and bearing the uaipe or $uch
instrument on the face thereof, which may'have been used,
or which shall hei carter be u<ed, for denoting any other duty
of the sarue amount, shall be deemed and taken to be good
and valid, any existing law to the contrary notwithstanding.
And iiiboit in lieu thereof:
No Instrument, document, writing, or paper of any do.
senptton. required by law to be stamped, shall be deemed
or held invalid and (it no efteel for the want of the particu-
lar kind or detcnption of btamp designated for ami denot-
ing the duty ehatged on any such instrument, document,
writing, or papei, provided a legal stamp, or stamps, denot-
ing a duty of equal amount shall have been duly affixed
and ined thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
feet ion four. line one, after the word " all," insert th*
d "official." and in line two, strike out the words "sub-
ject to duty'' ami insWt the words " issued or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Section four, line four, after the word " Government"
strike out the lollowing words:
Where the United State* would be ehargcable with the
dut\ oi stamp thereon, and all instruments, documents, and
paper.- of the executive depaitinents of the several States,
j subject to duty, where any Stale would be chargeable with
the duty or ^t.unp ilieieou, and also all instrument-*, docu-
ments, and pap,-!.s relating to the piocurement of bounty
laud and otiiei bounties, pensions, and arrears of pay by or
for offieeiv, soldieis, anil seamen, or their legal representa-
tives, who have been or may be in the service of the United
Slates.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 4. Jlud he it farther enacted, That all official instru-
ments. document-, and paper*, issued or used by the officers
of the United States Government, shall be, and hereby are,
exempt from duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Section five, line ten, after the word " effect^linsert the
following:
Proi i.lci7, That no instrument, document, writing, or pa-
pei lequued by law to bo stamped, signed, oi ir -u<>d, with-
out being duly stamped prior to the day aforesaid, or any
copy tire.r'M)!. shall be admitted or used as evidence in any
cunt i uuiil .i le^-il st,nop or stamps, denoting the, amount of
duty eliarged thereon, shall have been affixed thereto or
Used theieon, and ihe mitiaN of the peison twngoi affixing
the s;>tne, togi tliei with the date when the same i  so used or
affixed, ehali have l>e<m placed thereon by such person. .And
tin- person dej-mng to n->o any *,ueh instrument, document,
writing, oi paper as evidence, or his agent or ati'mrey, is
authorized, io ihe presence of the court, to stamp the same
as hereinbefore pmvided. And.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Section five, line twenty-five and twenty-six, strike out
the word-; " be, and the -same hereby w," and insert u li
hereby so that the clause wjII read :
And fcction twenty lour of an act entitled " An act in-
oroasuur, tc mpoun ily, the dime* on imports, and for other
j purpose?," approved July 14, A. D. 1862, is hereby repealed.
! The amendment was agreed to.
| Seventh amendment:
I St!ike out the <-i\t!i section m the following words:
i Sr.c. 6 And he it further enacted, That all goods, wares.
| and meiclicindisc, oi ,u ticfcs produced or made and finished
„ teady tor -sale and removal for consumption prior to the 1st
day of September, A. i>. 186-J, whetheractuall) removed or
not from the place of manufacture, •-hall lie, and hereby arc,
exempt Horn duly, upon proof being made to the satisfac-
tion of the as«esj.or of tho district, who *bail hem and de-
ft mine the same that they were so made and finished leady
torsale and removal for consumption; ami where any duties
j tOml] have b.-en a-^o-sod, or assessed and eollected, upon
] '•uch goods, wares, and merchandise,or articles made and
j (iii'^bed a-? a!ore-aul, the shall be, and hereby are, re-
1 milted, and ifactually collected, refunded by the Commis-
| stoner of internal Revenue, under such regulations as lie
{ may presenile.
j The amendment was agreed to.
I Eighth nmendment:
l
I Sti ike out mention seven, in the following words:
Skc. 7 jind he it farther enacted, That hotels, inn?, or
taveins and eating houses, having taken out the license
piovided theietor, r-hall not be tcqutrud to pay am other
license tor the sale of any aitic'e custoinarih furnished by
hotels, nius, or tavcrin. and e.mng-hoU'-es, and not ptolnb-
ued b\ the laws ol anv or Territory where the uarne
nui\ be located, or in violation thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments were concurred ifl; and
