1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
in organizing banking associations and carrying
this act into effect. #
Sir, banking- is eminently a practical business.
To be successful, it must be based on accumulated
capita], and conducted by practical men, who are
intimately acquainted with thecommeiceand busi-
ness1 of the country. Finance and financial ques-
tions must all be finally brought to a practical
standard. However fine spun the theories of vis-
ionary men may be, they cannot now be relied
on to provide money in the present exigency to
pay the Army and Navy and other needy credit-
or of the Government. Our plan of finance must
be simple, efficient, and practical. It consists of
two parts, debts and taxation, namely:
1. Contracting; debts for the supply of the Army
and Navy, issuing legal tender notes, and bor-
rowing money in some form on the faith of the
Government.
2. Taxation on the entire property, commerce,
and business of the country, amply sufficient to
pay the principal and interest of all the debts
which have been or may be contracted on the faith
of the Government,
Sir, no theories can be imagined, nor shifts
made that will be allowed to evade the -tariff on
imports and internal taxes on propei ty and busi-
ness adequate to the payment of the entire debt
contracted, both principal and interest. Tin' prop-
erty and business of the country are amply suffi-
cient for this purpose; but it will requne astnmg,
stable Government, wisely administered, to ad-
justand enforce the collection of so larjie an amount
oftaxes as will be required to pay the extraoidi-
nary war dt bt that must be contracted to crush
the rebellion and restore peace and tranquillity
over the whole Union. I have no doubt thatthe
patience and energies of the people are to be taxed
to the utmost before th'e Union is restored and we
be assuied of future loyalty in all the southern
States. You are not yet able to collect taxes in
the disloyal States without the aid of a powerful
army, fjefore you can be assured of loyalty in
the njbrliimiN States, Union State governments
must be established and maintained in each of
them. To do (Ins will requne a large aimy for
many yeais. Until you can collect your taxes in
all the rebel States without the aid of military
force the rebellion is not subdued.
Many of our friends express sanguine expecta-
tions of immediate lelief from the passage of this
national bank bill, and 1 should be much gratified
to know heieafler that their expectations have
been fully realized. Cut, sir, m my judgment, the
Secretary of the Treasuiy inu«t not place too
much reliance upon this plan. It will not give
much relief lo theTreiiMiiy for one, two, oi thiee
years. !t will not to any considerable extent-su-
persede (he necessity for the issue of Tieasury
Dotes. It will go into operation slowly. The
Government having heretofore failed to provide
a national currency, the State banks in the oldei
States have been organized, become deeply rooted,
and firmly established. H will take a Ions* time
to supplant these banks. lively coeicive or vio-
lent attempt to do so will do more harm than good.
This new system will come in competition not
only with ex is ting institutions, but will encounter
tile prejudices of a huge class of people who aie
hostile to banks, and especially hostile to a United
States bank. It will be towards the close of the
war, when the Government is firmly established
and its authority respected in all the States, that it
will be most \aluable in pioviding a way for fund-
ing the public debt and establishing a peimanent
system of national currency. It is < hieily on this
ground that I am induced to .support the bill at
this time. It is more for the benefits to be real-
ized m the future than during the pending war
that I am induced to give it my support.
Debt and taxation are the inevitable necessities
of war. Hence the importance of a reunion of
all parties m a vigorous prosecution of the war,
in <>i der to crush the rebellion in the shoitest time
and with the least possible expenditure of blood
and trcaMite. This jy the only way to stop the
burdens; and calamities of the ptesent war. Fi^ht
vigorously and m earnest while the war lasts. :
Every consideiation of duty and patriotism re- !
quire all the loyal people to come at their coun-
try's call, to light the rebels foithwith, by all the
means within the lange of civilized waifaie, to
sa\e us from a protracted war, save the further
effusion of blood, and stop the vast expenditures
which must, unless speedily terminated, burden
present and future generations.
We need more economy in the management of
the war. it is manifest there is not that close su-
pervision and scrutiny over the expenditures that
are necessary. Every man in the service should
be required to perform with fidelity the duties de-
volved upon him. All supernumerary officers and
men should be dispensed with. All disbursing
officers should be held to a rigid economy and
strict accountability. As we approach the term-
ination of this war the expenses must be greatly
reduced, and pieparation made for a resumption
of specie payments. Our public debt will then
appear in ail its vast propoitions, for it must all
be paid ultimately in gold and silver. This makes
it necessary for us to cut off all unnecessary ex-
penses of every kind.
Every day that the war is prolonged the debt
is largely increased. The daily increasing debt
of $2,500,000 must all be raised by taxation in
some form, or the debt will not be paid. The
Government is spending at a feaiful rate the ac-
cumulations of former years of prosperity. Every
dollar of debt contacted becomes a first mortgage
upon the entire property and productive industry
of the country. It affects the farmer, laborer, me-
chanic, manufacturer, merchant, banker, commis-
sion merchant, professional man, and retired cap-
italist. Every pound of tea, coffee, and sugar
used is taxed to pay the expenses of the war, and
the persons using these articles of daily consump-
tion pay the tax in the increased price. Every
person that uses wine, biaudy, whisky, beer,
cigars, or tobacco, pays a poition of the war tax.
All necessary articles of dress, such as shoes,
boots, hats, and wearing appaiel, aie taxed in like
manner, and all supeifluous and unnecessary ar-
ticles, such as silks, laces, diamonds, and jewei-
ly, aie heavily taxed, and I would be glad to sec
the tax still fiuther increased on them, in order
to prevent, if possible, their use at this time.
Eveiy person that udes upon the railroads, reads
a newspaper, di a wsa check, or sends a telegraphic
message, i& taxed tor wai purposes. Uut I need
not furtherenumevate the difFetent modes in which
every body is taxed every day to pay the expenses
of the war.
Sir, this war debt is t\ mortgage alike on a the
pioductive industry and property of Republicans,
Democrats, old line \Vtu«s, conservatives, and
abolitionists. All these clashes of poisons are
taxed alike to nay the war debt. Every Demo-
cud or Republican who chews tobacco, drinks
beer m b.id whisky in the sixth ward of New
\oik pays his proportion of the wai debt, the
same as .the consei vative who drinks his choice
wine on flu* Fifth Avenue. This wartax is already
beginning to lie noticed by the people; but as the
wai* is proci animated, and the debt increased, the
burden will he moie deeply felt. While we aie
running along at forty miles an hour, under the
pressure of n redeemable paper, necessarily issued
and circulated to prosecute the war, the present
taxation iseasily paid,and there isasecming pros-
pent y; but 1 can assure gentlemen that a reckon-
ing day will surely come. Look at the immense
Ai my in the field, their commissariat, supply*ves-
se Is, supply train s,am bu la nee corps, su tiers, team-
sters, hangers-on, idlers, and assistants of all
kinds, extending over n line of military operations
of more than four thousand miles, and you will
be nnniessed with two important facts: •
1. The enormous expenditures necessary to
theii present support, and the future bounties and
pensions that must be paid.
2. The numberof men that aie withdrawn from
industrial pursuits, and the consequent loss of pro-
ductive industry which ought to be added to the
wealth of the country.
All this immense Aimy add nothing by their
labor to the wealth of the country, and the ex-
pense of supporting such an Army devolves upon
those who do labor and those who have already
acqulied propei iy. What a mighty drain this war
is upon the pioductive energies and resources of
the conntiy ! It i.<, indeed, an exhausting as well
as bloody war. Whether it be successful or un-
successful, vast consequences are involved. If:
terminated successfully within three years, the
Union maintained and the Government perpetu-
ated under the Constitution, the results to flow
from such a triumph would amply compensate for
all this expenditure of blood and treasure. If it
terminates unsuccessfully, the Union divided and
the rebel government maintained, the war debt
must still be paid; but no man here is wise enough
to predict what results will follow such a calamity.-
I am asked almostdaily, will the Union he main-
tained and the national Government perpetuated
over all the States and Territories? I cannot doubt
that it will. No efforts of mine certainly shall be
wanting to accomplish so desnable a result. I
cannot, however, shut my eyes to the formidable
character of the rebellion, nor to the difficuluesin
the way of accomphshmgsuch a result. The in-
herent difficulties of conquering and subduing so
large and intelligent a people, extending over such
a wide extent of territory as is contained in the
revolted States, are very great. Jt is very difficult
to move and supply large armies. An advance
in the enemy's country for any considerable dis-
tance always involves the difficulties of keeping the
rear line open to the base of supplies. This has
been demonstrated in the advances that have been
made in attempting to take Richmond. Even the
armed occupation of a part of any one of the re-
volted States does not make the people in the State
loyal to the General Government. The hatred of
the people in the rebellious States is deep-seated
and abiding. They have a separate de facto con-
federate government, and separate State govern-
ments. As States they revolted from the United
States Government, and with their State govern-
ments remaining intact and in full force. They
still maintain their separate State organizations,
with power to enforce their State laws. This in-
biiriection was commenced very differently from
most other insurrections. It was not commenced
by disorganized bodies of the people, but by the
constituted authority of States in theircapacity of
independent sovereignties. These State authori-
ties had power to supptess immediately the Union
sentiments of the people within their jurisdictions,
and to enact as well as to enfotce any new laws
that might be necessaiy to accomplish their wicked
purposes. Hence the formidable character of the
rebellion at the outset. It will take a long time
to supplant the present State oigamzations m the
revolted States, and to institute new Union State
governments in their stead. It can only be ac-
complished by armed force. It will require a large
standing loyal army in the actual occupation of
each State. Until Union State governments are
organized and peimanently maintained in all the
southern States, you cannot hope for a lasting
peace.
Sir, it is proper for us to look these difficulties
squaie in the face. Ail the people in the northern
States ought to look at the formidable character
of this lebellion, and act up to the demands of
the hour, h will require the active energies of
a united North to maintain the integrity of the
Union. It is unwise, ay, criminal for us, while
incurring a debt of £>2,500,000 every day, to de-
ceive ourselves as to the real situation. The bus-
iness men, at a distance, are going on making
money, speculating, buying and selling, almost
unconscious of the dangers that surround us.
Paity organizations are maintained, party plat-
forms set up, and a partisan stiuggle constantly
made for power, wholly inconsistent with the
mighty issues involved in the piesent war. This
applies to all parties and all party oiganizations.
The people in the loyal States, without regard to
party distinctions, have a common interest and a
common destiny: all are intensely interested in
the deadly conflict, all become liable for the debts
contracted in the prosecution of the war, and all
must be taxed to pay both principal and interest.
But, sir, the higher inspirations of duty and pa-
triotism impel us to sustain the Presidentin a vig-
orous prosecution of the war—a war that has been
forced upon us by ambitious men, whose chief ob-
ject is power. Considerations infinitely above mere
party or pecuniary gains or losses should impel
us to united action. Your country, my country,
is in danger of being divided and destroyed. Oo^ths
have been broken, the Constitution defied, and the
laws trampled under feet of lebels. " United we
stand, divided we fall." I appeal to gentlemen of all
parties to uphold and sustain the constituted au~
thoi Ities in vindicating the majesty of the Consti-
tution and laws over all the States and Territo-
Jies, from the great lakes to the Gulf of Mexico,
