1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
revenue accruing from such service; and provided,
also, that, the requisite sum to meet any deficiency
that may arise the first year be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury arising from the revenue of the Post
Office Department.
Mr. RLAKE. This bill was passed by this
House at the last session. It lias been recom-
mended by the Postmaster General, and is reported
unanimously by the Committee on the FostOtfice
and Post Roads. I trust there will be no objec-
tion to it now.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IION. J. C. C. KENNEDY.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the consentofthe House
to introduce the following resolution:
Whereas the following letter, purporting to have been
wiitten by Joseph C ft Kennedy to Jacob Thompson, late
Secretary of the Interior, has appeared 111 the public jour-
nals, namely:
Washington, Jlpril 9,1861.
My Dear Mr. Thompson : A-: it i< almost a daily inquiry
at home, " have you wiitten to Mr Thompson?"' made by
my wife and daughter, and mj own feeling- prompt ine
to diop you a line, I have deteimun'd to avoid turth<*i « to*--
questioning, and acquit mvsplf to my own con-ciencc by
writing. I continue to hold my position, notwithstanding
newspaper statements to the coin rary i have not yet *poken
to the new President, but Mi. Smith ha- a-t-med me that un-
le.ss inteite led with by a higher powei than he, I wilt remain
undisturbed. I have taken no >tcp- to loitiiy iny>ell, de-
tctmmed that, if ietno\cd, the leeoul will noi -how that I
have made elloi ts to he u> tamed- Mis. Kennedy often talk*
ol you, and scem-j to take leal pleasure, whencvei a woid
is said of the last Adininistiation in In-i ptesenee, to avail
herself of the oppoitunity to say •something ta\oiable to
you ; in laet. she feels lively gtatitude for vom kindm^ to
jarr husband, and will ncvei elieiish any other M-ntunent
The toiec m this odice K'main-aitno-t pieei-e!> asyoulctt
liere. About twelve or tliuteen have been remuvrd fm not |
being efficient; but the character of the eleik> geneially
piotect- them from complaints, and Mi. Smith does not
s>eem disposed to make injudicious changes. In propor
tion to oui number, we have experienced [exchange than
any other buieau. T hope it may thu> continue until we j
are eonipf'iled. riom necessity, to leduee the foiee. Four |
return* ot the cciimi—two iioin Louisiana and two imm j
Texas—will probabl} never be ieceiV'-d in the pie-cut eon- j
diUon ot allau>. They will not much longei be waited loi, j |
and the pioc laination of mem!>eis of the llou.-c of Itepi <:- • j
sentativc-. will bo made reiratdless of then absence. They j'
would not in any wav affect the icsiilt in any State. I;
I know nothing ot the views  or th<' Admintsuat'on regai d- [ ■
ing tiie all-abrOibing mallei oi the condition of the counti v. ,
I believe it is intended to send a merchant vessel to Cham |!
Haibor, with provisions lot Unit Sumtei. Should slie be •
repelleil, T do not know what is the intention of the power.-* !
that be I believe the armament at sea destined to Texas j
—a portion, perhaps, tor foit Pickens. God grant we may j
soon be muted in the ancient band.s of ;itint\, and he sp.it oil \
the carnage oj civil wai. My family all de-mo to be a lice- ]
tionateiy lememhered to vou and to Mrs. Thompson. j
With undiminished esteem, ever laithtully} out fuend |
and obedient ?>eiv<im, |
JOS. 0. ft. KENNEDY.
Hon. J. Thompson. j
And whoieas it is ptatod that the said J. C. G Kennedy j
lias wiitten other letters, and held communication!* exinb- j
ltmg a want of %mpathy with the Government in its pie.-,- j
ent ^tt nggie agaitisf the existing icbellnm : Thcrcfoie, i
RcwhciL That the Committee on the Judicial)' be iri- j
Ftrueted to iiiquue wln-thei the said Kennedy is the author \
of said fust-named iettei.aml whether the othci statements ,
aie tiue. and icport to tins iJou-e all the tact*, concerning i
said sev'etal letters and statements, and whether he f^ill ,
holds office undei tlie Government; and I'm tins purpose |
said committee shall have power to send for persons and j
papcts, and examine witnesses. j
Mr. COX. 1 made an objection to the intro- j
duction of a similar resolution yesterday, which ;
I now very cheerfully withdraw at the request of i
Mr. Kennedy himself. My objection was not of
a personal chatacter, nor for the benefit of Mr. 1
Kennedy. I objected on public giounds. The |
resolution of the gentleman from Iowa yesterday i
only stated facts that we all know: first, the au- ;
thenticity of the letters,and next,Mr. Kennedy's '
retention m office. There are other matters con- ;
tained m this resolution, and if the gentleman sees 1
proner to pr.iss it, I shall make no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the previous question i
on the adoption of the resolution. !
The previous question was seconded, and the |
main question ordered to be put; and being put, |
the resolution was agreed to. j
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by !
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved !
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed Jo.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. When the select
committees were called, a report from the com-
mittee on emancipation was not out of the print-
er's hands. It has since come in, and I ask the
unanimous consent to make it now, with a view
to postpone its consideration until after the holi-
days. I do not purpose to invite action on it now.
It is the Missouri emancipation bill.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I object.
USE 03? THE HALL.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the use of this Hall be granted to J.E.
Muidoch tor one evening dunng the recess of < Jonffiess for
a reading, the entne proceed* ot which shall be appiopu-
ated tor the lehei of suck. and wounded soldier* of the Re-
public.
Mr. WICKLJFFE. I have no objection to the
consideration of the resolution, if I can have an
opportunity to present my objections to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the introduction of the resolution?
Mr. WIClvLIFFE. Yes, sir; and I want to
give tlie reasons why I object. [Cries of " Oh!
no," and " Object.55]
Mr. WICKLlFFE. Well, then, I object to the
intioduction of the resolution.
Subsequently,
Mr. WICKLlFFE said, I rise for the purpose
of withdrawing my objection to the resolution. 1
should not have mode it, but that I was precluded
from making an inquiry. I understand that this
application is made for a gentleman of high char-
acter and standing m every sense of the word. I
apprehended that u might be for some such man
as this Fiench who desecrated this Hall on the
Sabbath day, a week or two since. 1 nowwith-
diaw the objection.
The icsolution was received, and agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEADmoved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. DUELL, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims were discharged fioni the
fui ther consideration of the papers in the cases of
Mis. Eli/.a B. Burr and Mrs. Clarissa Johnson,
and the same were referred to the Secretary of the
Interior; the eases being provided for by existing
law.
ORGANIZATION OF CAVAL11Y.
Mr. DUrsN. I ask unanimous consent that
bill of the Senate (No. 419) to linpiove the oi-
iranr/.atmn of the cavahy foice be taken from the
k)|>eaker\s tabic, with a view to its being put upon
its pasea^.
There bonis; no objection, the bill was taken from
the Sj>eakei V; table, received its several readings,
and was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider tlie vote by
which tlie bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to lecoiiMder upon the" table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN MINNESOTA.
The call of committees for reports having been
complen d, the House proceeded to the considera-
tion of the special order of the day, being bill of
the House (No, 5^2) to annul and abrogate all
' treaties between the Untied States and certain
: bands of Sioux Indians in Minnesota, and for the
] relief of the snft'.'p rs by the outbreak and depre-
dations committed by the said Indians, reported
; from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with ail
I amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I make the point of order
! that that bill must have us first consideration in
i Committee of the Whole, as it makes an appro-
puation.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
j of ordu, ?h" biil containing an appropriation^
I Mr. ALDRSC1I. I would state to the Chair,
i and- to the gentleman fiom Rhode Island, that the
i bill does not propose to increase the indebtedness
I of the Government one dollar. It proposes to
' pay out of the Treasury of the United States
£,1,500,000 held by the United States m trust for
| these Indians. It seems to me that that is not in
i the true sense of the term an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Minnesota that the bill proposes
to appropriate money directly out of the Treasury
of the UnitedStates. The Chair therefore sustains
the point of order, and the bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of considering the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquire
of^ie Chair whether that will bring up the bill in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The bill was made a special
order for to-day, and the Chair therefore thinks it
will come up, though it is not for the Chair to de-
cide the question.
The question was taken on Mr. Aldrlch'b
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended;and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pendle-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the
special order, being bill of the House (No. 582) in
reference to Indian depredations in Minnesota.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported a
substitute for the biil; which was read, and is as
follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Representatives of
the United States of *&meiiea in Congress assembled, That,
lot the purp ; e of iml< inmfyinjrper-onw who have sullerod
damage*, from depiPdation* committed by the St^eton,
Wahpaton, Medawnkanton, and Wahpakoota bands of the
Dakota or Siou\ imltan>. there is hereby appropriated the
sum ol $1,500,1)00 iiom the Treasury of the United States,
out of any money not otherwise appropriated ; the said sum
when so taken to be eharged to, and be a pro tantooxtin-
cm-hment ol, the tiu->t funds of paid Indians held by the
l/mted States pursuant to the treaties of the United States
with •said Indian^.
Src. 2 be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of asceitaming the amount of said damages, and the per-
sou* entitled to be indemnified out of the moneys hereby
f appiopi jatea, it shall he lawful for the Secretary of the In-
| teiioi io appoint <i eomiui<-ion, cot^Himg of three discreet
person-, who shall take the oath pre&eiibo<l by the laws of
tlie United States to faithfully disehaigc their duties; they
hliall enteitain and hear the complaints ol all and every per-
son airiri icved t>\ the depredation.-? ol &aid Indian*; they sball
have power to compel the attendance of witnesses, and to
administer the piopei oaths to them to testify the truth ;
they shall hold then sp>#ioiis at such times and places as
wiW jfive the pewm-ieompiaintngthe fairest opportunity of
veni'ving then claim wuh the lea^t expense; they sball take
caie that no unpu-t oi netmous claim shall be established ;
ami if they lw\e any i(nw>n to Mippo«e that any such claim
piesented. tin-v'shall have powei, and it shall be their
duty, to pioeuie any countervailing proof, to their knowl-
edge, that tin- same m.n be finally rejected. The testimony
of tin' wituew-i-iMil be reduced to writing, and signed by
them, K'-p<~Ttivcl), and shall, with the petition, and all the
papei-relating Hi each ca?«e, with the finding oi the com-
mi--ion. b<' tiaiwnttted to the Seeictary of the Interior for
Ins approval, icjeetion, or modification, as to him shall
seem just and consistent with thelaw^ot the United States
and the tirutv with -aid Indian*. A majority of the com-
mission -hail"f<>im a quorum, and be competent to act in
ail cases.
Si- c. And he it farther enacted, That if any witness,
te-tn'\ urn bctoic said commission, >hal! be guilty of per-
jun ,*s;Ud witness shall, upon conviction in the propei court
or the Unit'-d States, outlet the pain-* and penalties pre-
M.-, ibed by ilit: laws oi the United States for that offense.
The Secret.in of the Interior i  heieby authorized to set
ap.nt of the public lands, not otheiwi>e appropriated, one
hundred and sixty acres to eaeli individual ol the before-
named band-4 who excited themselves in rescuing the
whites iiom the late massacre of t-aid fndians; and out of
the money herebv appiopnaied, hei* hereby authorized to
(Mii-e Mich improvements to be made thereon, and to fur-
liHh said Indians with Mich implement* and domestic ani-
mals as will enable them to sustain themselves by agricul-
ture. And theio shall be annually paid to each of *aid
Indian-5, -o long as he or they live, the sum of dol-
lar. The land so set apait shall not be subject to any tax,
toi leituic, or s-ale by piocev of law, and shall not be aliened
oi devised, except b> the consent of the President of the
Uimed State-, but shall be an inhetitance to said Indians
and their heuv iorever.
Mr. ALDRICH. Iam surprised that gentle-
men should introduce so many objections to the
consideration of this bill at tins time. Theques-
, tion has been asked, why hurry the bill through?
I wish the bill passed without delay, because there
are ten thousand people to-day in Minnesota sub-
sisting upon the charity of tlie people of the coun-
try. It i« all impoitant, therefore, that it should
be considered at once.
Now, sir, as my colleague [Mr. Wisdom] de-
sires to make some remarks upon this bill. 1 will
now yield the floor to him, trusting that the House
will give their attention to the remarks he may
submit; and that when be shall have concluded,
it will not be necessary for me or any one to say
anything further in support of the bill.
Mr. WIN DOM. I do not design to weary tha
