1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
In the comparatively short period of two years
we have authorized almost incalculable expendi-
tures to increase our naval and military forces to
their immense proportions, and to create and keep
in motion the vast machinery employed in the
conduct of the war.
We have authorized the taking possession and
use by the Government, for the public safety, of
various railroad and telegraphic lines that the en-
terprise of our citizens had constructed for private
gain and advantage in*times of prosperity and
peace.
We have chartered, purchased, or pressed into
the service of the Government, for purposes#of
transport and blockade, a large portion of the
mercantile and commercial marine, which private
capital had employed in the pursuits of peaceful
enterprise.
We have devised and set in motion a vast and
complicated system of internal revenue, imposing
burdens on the rich and the poor, asking tribute
of business enterprise, industry, and capital in
every department and in every pursuit to support
the inevitable and enormous expenditures of the
period.
To clothe the Administration with all power
necessary, under the Constitution, to restore the
public safety and peace, I have been willing to
confer this additional authority, and to this end
I am now willing to so arrange the system of na-
tional finance as that it may be adequate to carry
us through the terrible ordeal. We should have
escaped the ordinary consequences of war if these
and kindred questions of a perplexing: and embar-
rassing nature, confounding our previous notions
of economy, prudence, and expediency) had not
arisen; and the marvel is that credit has been so
little impaired, that so much of prosperity, order,
confidence, and stability have survived the trial
to which they have boon subjected.
That the present money syntem is not adequate
for the wants of the crisis, and cannot be trusted
as the instrument fo work out the great fiscal prob-
lem of national finance, is evident by the greatly
depreciated state of the currency. 1 do not here
lose sight of or undervalue the aid and advantage
of the* banks to the Government. To say that
those connected with them have not again and
ngain responded to the calls of the Government,
by dn ret loan or by purchase of bonds, would be
a denial of facts, and ingratitude. Rut considering
the monetary system the banks bring to us—theo-
retically based on the precious metals, and a paper
cuneney whi<-h financial regulations have allowed
to represent them, issued by banking institutions
scattered ovei the Republic, more than one thou-
sand in number, created by differing local legis-
lation, in some States with a limited circulation
and in others unrestrained, in some Stales based
on solid securities, in others with no pledge for
public safety other than the integrity of their man-
agement—the wonder is that such a system should
June subserved the want.s of a great, commercial
conn 11 y so we]l,e\ en previous to our present pub lie
disorders. And but for the wise policy of the Gov-
ernment in authorizing issues of Treasury notes,
everywhere receivable for public and private dues,
it must have failed in a sei ious degree to meet the
demands of the Government or the people; Gov-
ernment loans could not have been negotiated,
its pecuniary engagements could not have been
mot, and paper depreciation, with geneial finan-
cial ruin, would have involved both Government
and people, and the misfortune would have been
as <>'rcat as would be disaster in the field.
Having so far survived impending peiils, ue
are to consider this unifoi m currency scheme, as it
i,1: called, with the view to provide for the future
exigencies of the Government and country. It is
w;nm!y recommended by the finance minister of
the Government, wiih the concurrence, as it is un-
deistood, of all tin* membets of the Administra-
tion, and appioved by experienced financiers m
eveiy .section of the countiy. It is to have uni-
foi in value—everywhere receivable for public dues
—and it is believed, without deranging business
inb-rests, or adversely to any great extent afTect-
3h£i existing banking institutions, will ultimately
become the circulating medium—the money—of
the country. It is not the immediate practice of
thi*. system which will alone produce the prom-
ised lesuits: but the prospect—the being, and is to
le—iissuied by the constant change fo and adop-
tion of the system by bankers and capitalists, to-
gether with the receptacle it furnishes for the Gov-
ernment bonds. Abstract questions on political
economy, the possible effect in diminishing the
speculative value of gold, or in regulating the cur-
rency so as at all times to prevent inflation and
consequent derangement of busi«ess, I do not pro-
pose to discuss. It is observable, however, that
gold has been withdrawn from circulation; and
individuals who may have been fearful of the sta-
bility of the present system of banking, or who
have availed themselves of the opportunities af-
forded by the system of banking and Govern-
ment dependence, have made it, instead of a circu-
lating medium or basis for a circulating medium,
one of the most lucrative and favorite objects of
speculation.
Specie having been heretofore considered the
immediate basis of issue and circulation of paper
currency, with the present system, as the large
Government expenditures shall continue and the
public debt increase, may we not expect a still
greater depreciation of currency, or greater spec-
ulative value to gold, inflation, and derangement,
until bankruptcy and ruin confront us ? There is
another evil, however, with the present system
which should not be overlooked, and which has
largely contributedTo the depreciation of the cur-
rency; for it seems to be sufficiently established
that there is not an alarming excess of currency
in the aggregate; nevertheless, some of the bank-
ing institutions have over-issued. It is this un-
controlled iisue and circulation of paper as currency
by irresponsible banks that I refer to. To show
that the securities for the bank circulation of the
country are entirely inadequate, it is only neces-
sary to glance at their condition during the year
1861.
During that year the aggregate bank circulation
of the country amounted to about $.200,000,000.
Of this amount only $30,000,000 was secured.
The remainder, about $170,000,000, was unse-
cured, except some $7,000,000 or $8,000,000; the
greater portion of which was issued by irrespons-
ible persons, under cover of local banking laws.
In November, 1862, the circulation in the loyal
States was §107,000,000. The State securities
for this amountof bank currency were something
near $40,000,000; leaving over'$120,000,000 in-
adequately provided for. In only nine of the
States out of r ie thirty-four has the principle of
securing payment of circulation by the banks by
State bonds been adopted. In some of the loyal
States where this regulation has prevailed as a
basis of issue and circulation, the bonds of some
of the States now in rebellion were included in
the securities. The past few years, in 1837 and
3857 especially, bring to mind suspensions and
failures, the result m part of unregulated bank ex-
pansions and contractions and a want of proper
basis, often involving in ruin institutions and in-
dividuals of long standing and reputation.
In the State of Illinois alone the failures of banks
numbered eighty-nine within the last two years,
and their paper is reduced from one hundred per
cent, to thirty-eight in some instances. The great
loss resulting from these failures of course falls
upon the people who loan to these banks to the
amount of the notes they hold at the time of the
failures. Of the $152,000,000 of bank circulation
created t>y and in Illinois two or three years ago,
I (he people have lost two or three millions directly,
| besides the indirect loss of as many millions more
• by derangement of business and ruin to private
j interests.
it There are, it is true, very many banking institu-
ti tions conducted upon well-settled and sound prin-
ciples, whose securities are safe and ample for
'j their circulation. I am proud to be able to speak
ij of the soundness of the banking system of the
'{ Stale i have the honor in part to represent; and
j speaking in behalf of that interest as far as 1 am
permitted to do so, and especially for a constit-
uency who would deprecate any unnecessary in-
novation upon n system so approved and reliable,
I may venture to affirm that the same patriotic
conduct which has animated our citizens in the
past will continue with them to the end, and what-
ever seems to be necessary to sustain the pressing
and paramount interests of the nation will have
the assent and approval of all our people.
This system, not being compulsory upon ex-
!; isting banks, it will not be regarded with the jeal-
ousy of a purely rival scheme, and an intelligent
consideration of their own interests, the interests
of the Government and the people, which, after
all,are one interest, will lead them to modify any
contemplated opposition; and even if their indi-
vidual profits and the present modes of business
are somewhat injuriously afifected, the same lib-
eral and devoted patriotism in support of the pub-
lic credit heretofore exhibited will insure their
acquiescence in all public measures deemed neces-
sary to preserve that credit.
It is generally known that the bank circulation
of New York is based on pledge in part of State
and United States securities. There are now on
deposit for this purpose in the banking depart-
ment of that State some $19,000,000 of State and
$12,000,000 of United States Government securi-
ties. New York State stocks, from their known
safety and partly from their use for banking pur-
poses, have long commanded considerable premi-
ums above par. And it is urged by our bankers
that one oppressive effect of this national scheme
will be to subject them to depreciation and loss
on their State securities, as existing banks may
be obliged—by unequal competition, if not by
taxation, or favor with the people to this uniform
national currency—to abandon their present sys-
tem, and organize under the one we propose. In
my opinion all the banking institutions in the
country would find it to their advantage to gradu-
ally work into this system, thus establishing one
reliable, uniform currency; and while there is no
intervention or compulsion to effect this, and State
banks would make the change a matter of inter-
est and convenience, of course those not of a re-
liable and solid character would be supplanted by
this natioaal system. There is reason for believ-
ing, however, in any event, that New York State
stocks will be required for investment on private
and foreign account, and suffer no depreciation.
But suppose they may in some measure be de-
pressed, it is of small moment to the New York
banks compared with their greater interest in up-
holding the credit of the General Government.
As present holders of United States securities
they have on deposit m part security for circula-
tion some $12,000,000; and then they own, grow-
ing out of loans and advances to thf? Government,
about $136,000,000, in all, say $148,000,000, no
inconsiderable portion of our entire national debt.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury shows
that the public debt created by expenditures
already incurred amounts to over $600,000,000.
The actual debt on the 1st of July, 1862, was
$514,211,371; the estimated indebtedness on the
1st of July, 1863, $1,122,297,403; and that of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, $1,644,685,586.
It can hardly be doubted, with these figures
before us, that the banking interests of New York
are largely concerned in the adoption of such a
system'as will save this vast national debt, in the
form of stocks and bonds and Treasury notes,
from depieciation, and therefore from loss or ruin
on the securities they hold, equaling almost their
entire aggregate bank capital.
Many question this desirable result from adopt-
ing the Government scheme. They are not con-
vinced that the three hundred millions or more of
public stocks eventually required will be soon
enough absorbed to make an early market for the
securities and thus keep up their value. Let me
again say, that it is the assurance of a general
national system—furnishing a sale for a portion
of our public stocks, the interwoven interest of
the people with the Government in the use, sta-
bility, and ownership of the currency—that gives
value and stability to our entire amountof public
stocks. We should create confidence resulting
from the pledge of national faith and security,
and the whole people would become immediately
interested in sustaining the credit of the Govern-
ment. Were the plan now inaugurated, with pros-
pect of becoming the permanent currency system
of the country, sagacious capitalists would at once
invest in these securities, well relying on the safety
of the investmentand the steady market value and
| demand for them.
j But I will no longer dwell on considerations of
! profit and loss, or the supposed pecuniary interest
[ of any class of our people, satisfied that there is
; a seif-sacrificing spirit, a resolution to submit to
• all necessary measures for maintaining the vigor
1 and credit of the Government. In this comiec-
