180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
House by any lengthy remarks on this bill. But !
I deem it clue to my constituents and to myself to \
make a brief explanation of its provisions, and of !
the grounds upon which we ask its passage. I am
well aware, sir, of the suspicion with which meas- ,
ures of this kind arc regarded; and were we notable i
to present a case of unusual hardship, as well as :
undoubted equity, I would despair of success. i
In the month of August last, the people of my ]
State were suddenly, and without a moment s j
warning, visited by one of the most terrible and !
destructive Indian outbreaks ever known ongfeis !
continent. The annals of savage warfare lecord '
no destruction of life and property more indis-;
criminate and wide-spread, and no atrocities more i
appalling. Over one thousand men, women, and '
children were cruelly butchered in cold blood, ;
under circumstances of brutality which words are j
forbidden to utter. Our frontier, for moie than two !
hundred miles in length by fifty miles in width,
has been devastated, our villages and farm-houses
burned, crops destroyed, and horses and cattle
stolen. Thousands of our people have been sud-
denly reduced to penury and want.
This bill provides that, for the purpose of in-
demnifying those who have suffered fiom the dep-
redations of those Indiana, there be appropriated
from the Treasury of the United States the sum
of $1,500,000*, the said sum, when 'so taken, to
be a pro tanto extinguishment of the trust fund of
said Indians, held by the United States, pursuant
to the treaties of the United States with said In-
dians. And that, for the purpose of ascertaining
the amount of said damages and the persons enti-
tled to he indemnified out of the moneys so ap-
propriated, the Secrctar^of the Interior is author-
ized to appoint a commission of three discreet
persons, whose duty it shall be to entertain and
near the complaints of all and every person so ag-
grieved by the depredations of said Indians; and
who shall hold their sessions at such tunes and
places as will give the persons complaining the
fairest opportunity of verifying their chum# with
the least expense; and who shall take caie that no
unjust or fictitious claim be allowed; and if they
have any reason to suppose such claim is pre-
sented, they shall have power, and n shall 1m- iheh
duty, to procuie any countci vailing proof to then-
knowledge, that the same may be finally rejected.
It is also made the duty of said commissioners to
cause the evidence to be reduced to writing, winch
shall, with the petition and all the papeis relating
to each case, with the finding of the commission,
be transmitted to the Secretary of the Intei ior for
his approval, rejection, or modification, as to him
shall seem just ayd consistent with the laws of the
United States, and the treaty with said Indians.
Ample provision is also made for guarding the
intciests and protecting the rights of those Indians
who havo exerted themselves in rej-'cuing the
whites from the late massacre.
Under and by virtue of treaties made with the
said bands of Indians on the 29th day of Septem-
ber, 1S37, and the 23d day of July and the 5th day
of August, 1851, respectively, the United States
hold iu trust for said Indians an aggregate sum of
$3,301,000, on which said Indians receive interest
at the rate of five per cent, per annum.
By the sixth article of a treaty entered into with
said bands of Indians on the 19th day of June,
1858, it is provided that—
"The said bands of Dakota or Siout Indians acknowl-
edge tliiur dependence on the Government of the United
States, and do hereby pledge and bind them^elve^ to pie-
serve fiiendly relations with the citizens tiieieor, and to
commit no dcpredaiion^ on then peisons or propeity, nor
on tluw ot the members ot any oiher tribe ; but in cfl c of
suck injury or depredation, full compensation, as fur a*prac-
ticable, be made therefor out of tkcu moneys tn the hands of
tfie United States; the amount, m ali cases, to be determ-
ined by the Secretary of the Interior."
Now, sir, upon examination of this bill, and the
several treaties to which 1 have leferred, it will be
seen—
First. That there is now in the Treasury of
the United States belonging to these Indians an
amount of money more than twice as largo as the
sum sought to be appropriated, and that therefore
we do not propose to tax the Government nor in-
crease Us liabilities a farthing, but only to trans-
fer the payment of this fund from the thieves and
murderers, who have forfeited ail claims upon it,
to the sufferers from their depredations, and thus
relieve thousand* of innocent persons from utter
destitution.
Second. That the Indians themselves have sol-
emnly agreed thatthis compensation shall be made
out of their moneys in the hands of the United
States, and therefore there can be no complaint of
any injustice to them.
Third. That the Government has expressly un-
dertaken to guaranty the good conduct of these
; bands, and to fully indemnify all persons who
| may suffer injuries from their depredations, re-
; taining a fund in its hands for that very purpose,
' thereby solemnly pledging the faith of the United
| States to make* compensation for such damages,
i If, then, the guilty parties have the means to
; partially indemnify those whom they have so
i cruelly injured; if they have agreed that in the
i very contingency now presented such indemnity
' shall be made; and if this Government has pledged
! its faith to enforce said agreement, and has the
money in its hands for that express purpose, aie
' not the claims of these sufferers equitable and just,
and can any one hesitate to make provision for
; their speedy payment?
We do not stand in the attitude of supplicants
; for public bounty. We ask only what the Gov-
; ernrnent and these Indians have solemnly agreed
, we shall have. The Sioux have undoubtedly for-
! feited all claims upon this fund, and by that very
! act of forfeiture these claimants have become en~
j titled to it to the extent of the damages they have
' suffered.
J Suppose, sir, that by virtue ofa treaty with Eng-
j land this Government held a fund of £100,000,000
j belonging to that nation, and that by one of the
i stipulations of said tieaty it was agreed that the
' English people should commit no injuries to the
, persons or property of our citizens, but in case of
j such injury full compensation should be made out
; of said fund in the hands of the United States.
■ And then suppose an English man-of-war were to
| enter New York harbor and batter down and burn
j a portion of the city; wouhl not the citizens of
' New York who had suffered damages be entitled
to indemnity - The eases are precisely alike,
j The Commissioner of Indian Affairs in his ic-
| port says that the Sjouk have cleaily forfeited all
I claims upon tin Government under their treaties,
j and appevds to i.h \o grant relief, iu thise word*:
j J should tx d'-ieiict in my duly it I laded to cio«e tins
■ pait of ntv n pott without mytim tile immediate u<ve aty
| for action on the pint of tho-e pei-on- who have -tiffm ed in
: consequence or the d< pred.uiuiiB committed by tin: Indian*,
j We may not compensate the io-s of parents, {•hildren, hus-
! bands, wives, and li lend?-, i!ie hi caking up o  happy homes,
j and the in. taut do-:ri.etton of hfe-lon«r hopes and a>pu.i-
j lion", but the Huh lemainim; inoui powet -diouidtheieiore
i i>o the more piomptfv and cheeiiuHy done. An nive*<ti«ri-
:' tion Oi the c1<uiumi[ Lhe surviving sufl'oiet-. should he lns'u-
i tuted with the least po-sible delay. M.ttiv ot themh.ue
. h"*ei\ lcduetd f>-oin dunmi^tahciv ofoomtoit and plenty to
nbiecr want. To ali of the- class delay m paying then jiNt
I demands i? cruel injustice.'5
I Mr. Speaker, if the justice of this measure be
| admiited, as I think it must be. let me urge upon
j the llouse the extreme necessity of its speedy
! passage. These people were compelled to fly
; from tin ir homes without a moment's warning.
' They could takri nothing with them, and were
! only too happy to elude their wily foes and es-
1 cape with their lives. All that was left behind—
j houses, bams, crops, hoiscs, calflc,and clothing
• —was either destroyed or carried away by the
Indians. They have nob omes to return to. Thou-
sands who,a short time ago, were in comfortable
circumstances, ore now homeless and shelterless,
seeking a scanty subsistence at the hands of public
charity. Spung is rapidly approaching, and un-
less some provision is made for them, they will
not have the means to put in their crops, and star-
vation and abject misery will stare them in the
face next winter. They look nuploinsgly to you,
gentlemen, for the relief which this Government
has guarantied to them, and which you have the
power to grant, without injustice or "injury to any
one. Widows, whose husbands were murdered,
and who after days, sometimes weeks, of peril-
ous escapes and heroic fortitude, lyingconcoaled
in the grass by day and traveling by night, car-
rying one child, leading another, and sometimes
carrying both, subsisting on raw potatoes or green
corn, finally leached a place of safety, now find
themselves and children utterly destitute of the
necessaries of life, and appeal to you for help. Lit-
tle children, whose fathers heard their country's
call to arms, and, burning to avenge her wrongs,
rushed to the field of carnage and death, have been
rescued, but their mothers, fallen victims to sav-
age fury and brutal lust, have miserably perished.
The humble homes which had been provided for
them have been destroyed. They, too, lift up their
little hands and beseech you to remember the help-
less orphan. I pray you. gentlemen, do not turn
a deaf ear to all these needy, suffering ones. Do
not refuse them justice and disappoint their hopes
by unnecessary delays in the passage of this bill.
If i speak warmly it is because I feel deeply on
this subject. Nearly all of these outrages were
committed in my district. Many of the sufferers
are my friends and acquaintances. 1 have been
among them and heard their sorrowful storic3.
My regret is that I have not the power to describe
to you" their real condition, and to inspire your
hearts with the same feelings which possess my
own.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to insert after the
appropriation of $1,500,000 the words, "or so
much thereof as may be necessary." The bill,
as it stands, seems to fix the amount of damages
which have been sustained,although that amount
has not been duly ascertained, and it is therefore
proper to insert the words 1 have suggested.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I
do not want the advocacy of this bill to remain
alone with the Representatives from Minnesota. I
believe not only that it is just and proper in all of
its provisions, "but 1 have, apart from that, the in-
terest which arises from the fact that many of the
homeless refugees for whom this indemnification
is proposed are from my own district. A minis-
ter of the gospel, who was driven from his home
by these merciless savages, has written to me de-
manding that I shall vote for theirextormination.
He is a Universalist; and I told him that if, like
him, I believed there was no hell hereafter, 1 would
so vote; and confessed that it was the only secu-
rity and preventive of a recurrence of these out-
rages. 1 hope the bill will pass, and that it w^
pass before we adjourn this day.
Mr. ALDRICH moved that the blank in the
substitute be filled with the word "fifty."
The motion was agreed to.
The substitute was ihen adopted.
Mr. ALDRICH moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, 2&r. Pendleton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,according to ordei, had under consid-
eration the Union generally, .;nJ particularly the
bill of the House (No. 5S0) to annul and abrogate
all treaties between the United States and certain
bands of Sioux Indians in Minnesota, and for the
relief of the sufferers by the outbreak and depre-
dations committed by the said Indians, and had
directed him to report the same to the House,
with an amendment m thA n \ture of a substitute.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ihen ordered to be
engrossed and read a third nine; and being en-
grossed, it was accoiuinglv read the third time.
Mi. ALDRICH demanded the^Drevious ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question order* d to be put.
Mr. F, A. CONfCLING demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays v.vic not ordered.
Mr. F. A. COCKLING called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers weic not ordered.
The question was put; and on a division, there
were—ayes /k>, noes ]2: no quorum voting.
Mr. ALDRICH called for u-lhiy.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Aldrich and
F. A. Conklixg were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes f>l, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLFAX moved to i^consider the vote
by which tho yens and uavfi were refused on the
pasuanv of tiip Lull.
Mr. CALVERT. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that, no quorum having voted, the mo-
tion to reconsider cannot be received. No busi-
ness can be transacted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
inasmuch as a quorum is not required to order the
yeas and nays, a quorum would not be necessary
to reconsider the vote by which they were refused
It would require a quorum to reconsider any vote
