1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tioti 1 will read a brief letter from a respectable
banker m my district, confirming this position:
''Regarding the banking system of this State, (iVew York,)
in all respects tlie host of which I have any knowledge, {
would much regret tins necessity tor any radical change of
it. I think the scheme proposed by Seeietary Chase would
inevitably destroy the local banks, and, of* course, mine
would f-hanj the common fate. Nevertheless, if, in the judg-
ment of out lawgivers, that or pome oilier scheme kindred
to it is necessaiy to meet the wants of the Government in
ciiii-lnng out U$<- icbeliion, I will endeavor to submit to it
- with becoming -pint. These are times of trial foi us all,
and { HUbt I would not be found so selfish as tonppor-e any
measure demanded by the public good, nietelv because its
opeiation involved a peisonal hardship
My friend evidently supposes that this scheme
will be passed as originally indicated, namely, to
force a change to this system by rigid taxation of
circulation or by compulsory modes, and there-
fore the more patriotic and deserving; and 1 have
no doubt these noble sentiments are commonly
shared by the bankers and people generally of my
district, and by those of all loyal sections of the
country.
When the country was at peace, and there was
nothing but its ordinary expenditures to meet,
amounting, exclusive of the Army and Navy, to
less than thirty million dollars annually, the Gov-
ernment could afford to allow the question of cur-
rency to be governed and controlled by the inter-
ests of agriculture, manufacture, trade, and com-
merce, relying upon them to establish and preserve
the equilibrium or to restore it when disordered.
But now, when the expenditures vastly exceed
those of any other separate branch of industry or
trade—and J had almost said of all other interests
combined of a private character—and relying upon
the citizens to furnish the aid and credit to carry it
through, it becomes necessary, in order to guard
and protect the public faith and credit, that the
Government should possess'this controlling influ-
ence over the currency.
The Government bonds are certainly among
the safest and most desirable obligations that can
be obtained for th^security both of cui rency and
loans. If confidence is not to be placed in such
securities, then it is difficult to conceive of any
obligations which could insure it. The whole
capital of the nation is pledged for their redemp-
tion; and the honor, welfare, and very life of the
Republic rest upon their being kept inviolate.
Indeed, if it was possible for the Government to
fall; if this fabric, erected by the wisdom and sac-
rifices of the fathers, is to perish, then, indeed, is
not only " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness" a thing of the past, but property, in ail its
forms, and capital invested in whatever security,
unsafe and insecure, fn the preservation of the
Qovei nment rests the security of all property, and
with its preservation, of which I have never for a
moment had a doubt, the best class of securities
are those which it is proposed to make the basis of
this uniform national currency, and to which the
confidence and faith of the people are invoked.
Considered in afianoncial and mdustual point
of view, our large expenditures and heavy national
indebtedness may notafter all prove so damaging
or disastrous as many suppose. It certainly in-
creases the activity and business of the nation.
The destruction of the vast amount of property
by the war is somewhat compensated by the in-
creased energy, skill, and production of the peo-
ple. The productions of industry and skill con-
stitute largely a people's wealth, and the nation
or people which have the greatest capacity and
facilities for production, protected by reliable and
uniform currency nnd finance systems, will event-
ually, with equal physical force and patriotic pur-
pose, triumph over the other.
The destruction of Moscow excited the Rus-
sian people to an activity and energy that it had
npt before known, and what was lost by its de-
struction was u-gained by the incentive to active
industry which was aroused. In our country the
destruction of our vessels of war in the Norfolk
navy-yaul gave place to thrice, as many more in
an inciedibiy short space of time. The timber
standing in our forests,and the iron imbedded in
the earth to-day, to-morrow arc used in the con-
struction of vessi Is of war, and next day ride
proudly on the bosom of the sea, protecting our
national rights and the integrity of our national
The railroads, engines, and cars, the wagons,
arms, clothing, subsistence, and all other supplies
for our vast Army, destroyed to-day, but quicken
and increase the industry and skill of our people
to replace them in a new and improved manner
to-morrow; and when the season for seed-time
returns, notwithstanding the large drain of men
for the service from the agricultural as well as
other pursuits, we find still more hands, or more
skill and industry; seeking the plow and the other
implements and appliances of husbandry. Mod-
erate capital that was in slothful hands is now
made active; and even when peace, with its gen-
tle influence, shall again return to our distracted
country, these lessons and habits of increased in-
dustry and production, stimulated by the neces-
sities of the period, will remain with the people,
and aid in rapidly restoring the lost wealth, if they
do not carry us m a few years beyond the point
we should otherwise have attained. Rut to return.
The details of the bill now before us may be
subject to criticism. I submit to the attention and
scrutiny'of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and to others who havegreatercxperience in ques-
tions of finance than myself, to so perfect the bill
as that established interests and the interests of
Government and people will be alike guarded and
protected.
Believing that this system, if adopted, will aid
in extricating us from the financial difficulties in
which we find ourselves involved, 1 give it my
earnest support. I come to this conclusion the
more willingly, because the distinguished Secre-
tary of the Treasury has given this whole sub-
ject his anxious and deliberate consideration,and
now comes to us with deep conviction, ably sus-
tained by argument, in the entire necessity for its
adoption. It is, in my judgment, one of the most
potent means by which the Representatives can
strengthen and encourage the Govcrmncntand the
people in this struggle to put down the enemies of
the country, and give hope .and courage to the
hearts of those brave men who have gone forth to
battle.
It is only by faith, constancy, self-sacrifice, and
patriotism of the people and their servants, by
steadfast and loyal discharge of duty in every de-
partment of the public service—no less in the le-
gislative halls than in the Cabinet and the field—
that our Union with its priceless blessings can
be restored and perpetuated. It may cost us yet
immense labor and enormous sacrifices, but it is
worth them all. Nations, like individuals, are
most heroic amid suffering and sorrow, and no
great deeds ever immortalized a people except
through self-sacrifice, endurance, and patriotism.
" Togioatnes" theie is no high road oi lojal pathway Riven,
WheM'bj with loitejin« step fn gain the immortal height of
heaven.
In life's gieat battle none may win true honors and renown,
Except by lou« enduring toil be gains tiie lauiel eimvu
By efir e>taetion, patient toil, 'mid loitnne-d.uk and blight,
JW the intensesl snffeung to rwlirale the n^kt,
1 n tunes that sternly try nn'iiV souW, ai e nobb action won,
Or made an honor to the sntiree whence they at hr>t bosun.
But chiefly doth humanity the telf>-ann: truth piockum,
That tiimnph* without truth gam no irreatand lasting fame-,
Nay, 'tis no triumph, it unwon "mnl wrosMing<, hopes., and
(ear-,
And patient labor, driving* long, and consecrating tears.*'
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes after ten o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
FitinAv, February 20, 1863.
' Prayer by Pvcv. R. McMurdy, D. D., of Ken-
tucky.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 17th instant, information m
relation to fraudulent transactions in the custom-
house at New York; which was ordered to he on
the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the interior,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, recommending an in-
ciease of the salaries of the Indian agents in Ne-
vada and Utah Territories; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affair*.
FUSPENSION OV THE HABEAS CORPUS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R  No. 591) to indemnify
the President for suspending the writ of habeas
corpus, and acts done m pursuance thereof, disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives;, and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN it was
Resolved, Tiiat the Senate insist upon the amendments,!©
the said bill disagreedto by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House oa.Uie
disagreeing votes thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference be appointed
by the President pro tempore. «•
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.'
Trumbull, Mr. Collamer, and Mr. Willet.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for such modifications of the
internal revenue law na will provide a tax upon
income instead of manufactures; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of members
of the bar of the city of Washington, praying that
no change may be made in the present jurisdiction
or laws of the orphans' court of the District of
Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of brewers of the
United States, oraying for a modification of the
internal revenue law in regard to lager beer, and
for relief from the alleged wrong and arbitrary
decisions of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of the
New England Emigrant Aid Company, praying
indemnification for the destruction of property at
Lawrence, Kansas, on the 21st of May, 1856;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims
and ordered to be piinted.
Mr. RICHARDSON presented the memorial
of Henry Charles do Ahna, colonel United States
volunteers, praying for an investigation into the
causes of his having been court-martialed and dis-
missed the service, by order of Major General
Fremont; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition of citizens of Massachusetts, praying for
the construction of a submarine telegraphic cable
along the southern coast of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of Ze-
nas W. Bliss and one hundred and nine other
citizens of the District of Columbia, who repre-
sent that the use of intoxicatftjg liquors in this city
is attended with great demoralization, and that
the suppression of their sale will prove a great
blessing to the community; and inasmuch as the
citizens of Washington have already, by a large
majority, voted 44 no license," they entreat Con-
giess to pass a sti mgent pi ohibitory jaw, prohib-
iting the sale of intoxicating liquors in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The gentleman who incloses
me this petition, represents, in a letter that ac-
companies it, that it is a matter of importance,
not only to the residents of this Distuct but to
every one who has friends in the army of the
Potomac, that some steps should be taken on this
subject. "The sale of liquor in this city," he
says, u has done much to destroy the moral tone,
both of officers and men, and there is not a day
in which State relief associations aie not called
upon to help furloughed and discharged men, who
have been enticed into these hells upon earth, and,
when then* money is gone, turned out, houseless
and friendless, t<_> depend on public charity for
the means to reach their friends and families at
home;" and he asks that the petition may be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Disuict of Colum-
bia. It seems to me, however, that, considering;
the fact that wu have a military organization, that
our streets are being regularly patrolled by mil-
itary officers and men, it would be better to refer
it to the Committee on Military Affairs; and I
therefore make that motion, trusting that the
Military Committee will take such steps as they
may deem necessary on this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF SICK SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committor on Military Affairs and
the Militia, to whom was i *fened the jointreso-
lution (S. No. 131) to facilitate the paynn-nt of
