THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TUB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session*.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 18C3.
New Series No. 71.
may be granted to persona wounded, and to the
relatives of those killed, at the explosion of the
Alleghany arsenal, have instructed me to report,
asking to be discharged, for the reasons stated m
the report, from the further consideration of the
petition. X move that the report be printed.
The motion toas agreed to; and the committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the subject.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committer on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
725) to grant a pension of eight dollars per month,
during her widowhood, to Elizabeth Housener,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of officers of the Army,
praying that a pension may be allowed to the
mother of the late Major Theodore Talbot, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ellen M. Abert, wid-
ow of Colonel J. J. Abert, United States Army,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
204) to amend the act of Congress approved June
22,1860, entitled " An act to carry into effect the
provisions of the treaties between the United
States, China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other
countries, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters, consuls, or other functionaries of the Uni-
ted States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses,M asked to be discharged from its consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
411) to amend "An act to establish a territorial
government for Utah," approved September 9,
1850, and to facilitate the administration of jus-
tice in said Territory, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (H. R  No'.
739) to provide for additional clerks and messen-
gers for the Legislative Assemblies of the Territo-
ries of Dakota and Colorado: reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 524) to enable the
people of Nevada to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of said State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a resolution of the Senate of the 16th in-
stant, directing them to inquire into the expedi-
ency of passing an act enabling the people ofNew
Mexico to frame a c#nstitution, preparatory to
her admission into the Union as a State, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
522) to enable the people of Nebraska to form a
constitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States; reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 523) to enable the people of Colorado to form
a constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such Stote into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States; leported it
without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
531) supplemental to the act entitled " An act for
the admission of the State of West Virginia into
the Union, and for other purposes,''approved De-
cember 31, 1862, reported it without amendment,
and adversely.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R-
No. 140) authouzing the Navy Department to
allow to paymaster Gilbert E. Thornton $4,500
in the settlement of his accounts for money stolen
from him without fault or negligence on his part,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 435) for the re-
lief of Susan Dickson, widow of John Dickson,
deceased, leported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 530) for the re-
lief of Hannibal Graham, leported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R.No. 151)
to confirm the adverse decision of the Court of
Claims in the case of the brig General Armstrong,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (II. R. No. 152)
to confirm the adverse decision of the Comt of
Claims in the case of It. R. Ward and others,
assignees of Jacob Barker, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
PostOffieeand Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 740) supplementary to an act
approved July 14, 1862, entitled " An act to es-
tablish certain post roads, and for other purposes,"
reported it without amendment.
Mr. TURPIE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 448)
for the relief of Colonel Joseph Paddock, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 731) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
i various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1864, reported it with amendments.
mkssag13 rom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridoe, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 115) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to release certain penalties; in which it requested
the concuirence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 337) extending the time for carry-
ing into effect the provisions of the third section
of the act entitled "An act relating to high ways
in the county of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia,' ' approved May 3, 1862;
A bill (No. 417) for the removal of the Winne-
bago Indians, and foi the sale of their reservation
m Minnesota for their benefit;
A hill (No. 488) to change the times of holding
the circuit and districtcouits of the United States
in the several districts in the seventh circuit;
A bill (No. 516) to allow the United States to
prosecute appeals and writs of error without giv-
ing security;
A bill (No. 519) to annex a part of the State
of New Jersey to the collection district of New
York, and to appoint an assistant collector to re-
side at Jersey City; and
A joint resolution (No. 126) expelling George
E. Badger from the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution, and appointing Louis
Agassiz. in his place.
Also, that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill (II. R.. No. 763) to build a wagon
road for the use of the Military Academy from
West Point, in the county of Orange, State of New
York, to Cornwall Landing, in said county, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had further insisted upon its
disagreement to certain amendments of the Sen-
ate to the biil of the IIouso (No. 635) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1864, insisted on by the Senate,
agreed to the further conference asked by the Sen-
ate upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Justin S. Mor*
rill, of Vermont, Mr. Reoben E. Fentox, of
New York, and Mr. C. L. VallandIgham, of
Ohio, managers of the same on its part. , *
The message also returned to the Senate,agree-
ably to its request, the bill (S. No. 483) to estab-
lish the gauge of the Pacific railroad and its
branches.
bills become laws.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed on
the 16th instant the following bills and joint res-
olution:
A bill (H. R. No. 582) for the relief of persons
for damages sustained by reason of depredations
and injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians;
A bill (II. R. No. 737) to issue an American
register to the steamship Karnak; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) to revive
"An act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the Western department, or depart*,
ment of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension,
and for other purposes."
bills inthoduced.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
548) to provide circuit courts for the districts of
California and Oregon, and for other purposes*,
which was read twice by its title,and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.No.
549) to change the name of the steamer J. L. Mc-
Gtil; which was read twice by its title, a {l re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HICKS asked, and by unanimous conscnt
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.550) for
the relief of the Merchants' Exchange Company
of Baltimore city; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro*
duee a bill (S. No. 551) to organize pioneer brir
gades, and for other purposes; which was rpad
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
printing of a document.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate take
up a resolution that I reported the other day from
the Committee on Plinting on thesubjectof print-
ing extia copies of the letter of the Secretary of
War and the judge advocate in regard to certain
arrests. I have tried for two or three weeks to get
it up, and i wish to occupy about five minutes,
or not exceeding ten at the outside, upon the sub-
ject.
Mr.* COLLAMER. 1 desire that that may not
be taken up, and that the bill 1 mentioned a few
moments since may he taken up and passed—the
annual hill foi the establishment ofnost routes. 1
cannot make that motion now; but I hope the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Kentucky may not
prevail, and that 1 may have an opportunity to
submit a motion to take up the post route bill.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope the Senate will con-
sent to take up the bill to which I have referred.
It wj 11 take but a short time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is On the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, which is first m ord^r.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will take
up the resolution to which I refer. I have per-
sistently tried to get it up for the last three weeks.
1 desire to make a statement at the instance of
certain gentlemen who think they have been griev-
ously wronged by a report made to the Senate in
obedience to a resolution which 1 offered. They
have sent me certain documents, and requested
me to make them public. 1 do not know those
gentlemen, but f think it my duty to do it; and I
do hope the Senate will allow me not exceeding
ten minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
71
