1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
excuse the invasion of the rights of States ? Shall
\vc attempt to justify the destruction of the rights
of tin; pi opler Shall the pitiAil plea of " neces-
sity " override the fundamental law ? And shall all
the rules of Government be subverted, and right
and justice be destroyed without an effort to avert
the calamity? To ail this I again say no. There
is virtue ami intelligence yet left among the masses
of the people; and to them I look with confidence.
It is on them i rely, every other reliance being out
of sight. I am recognized at home as one of those
who believe in the supremacy of man over his
accidents, and therefoie it will take no one of my
constituents by suipiiscthat 1 liberally admit the
people's primary right of control.
They know that my confidence in the restoration
of the Union and vindication of the Constitution
is founded upon man's capacity to govern him-
self. It is sorrowful to reflect that the rights of
States and their people are subjected to even a
questionable rule for their safety—for the preser-
vation of their constitutional rights, and the ulti-
mate return of constitutional liberty. I wish, Mr.
Chairman, my hope for good results from my
theory wasstronger. The piesent troublous times
rather weaken my position, but still let us hope
that reason will soon regain her throne. War—
for that is our state now—sometimes becomes a
fearful necessity; but it is never justifiable or ex-
cusable when prosecuted for the purpose of ^rati-
fyingambition, or revenge, or for conquest. Every
man with the feelings of a Christian must deplore
the existence of war. It depopulates countries,
deranges commerce, demoralizes people, and, in
fact, leaves a tram of untold evils in every clime
it visits.
Think of our happy United States of America
twenty-one months ago, and then think of them
now ! Look upon thispietme, and then upon that'
Twenty-one months of war have taken from our
midst hundrcdsof thousands of the bravest spirits
of the land; widows and orphans are weeping
around us; houseware draped in mourning; almost
untold millions of debt have been accumulated;
taxes imposed, so enormous that the people can
scarcely bear them, and every production dimin-
ished in value. And think, sir, how piospcrous
was our condition when the Api il of 3861 act in.
"What are our troubles for, sir? What practical
result can be reasonably expected to follow ' I
leave the answer to those who aie capable, thus
frankly admitting my own incapacity. 1 was
one of those who believed that this war could and
ought to have been avoided, and have been con-
sistent and persistent in holding up to public exe-
cration those who are properly chargeable fm its
existence. Secessionists and abolitionists I have
treated alike as enemies to my coun'iy. 1 r< ached
the conclusion without trouble, that our Consti-
tution gives no warrant to a State to secede; that
in doing so States have invited the exercise of all
the constitutional power of the parent Govern-
ment for tiie perpetuity of the Union; but, sir, I
am humiliated to confess m the same sentence that
the archives of American history attest the fact
that the party now in power could have honorably
compromised with the South before one diop of
blood had been shed,and thus have saved us from
the ills now falling so heavily upon us.
Regardless of such as debghtin carping at those
who do not look through their glasses, I am de-
termined to say just what i think and believe. I
do not own any one, nor does any one own me.
The little inconvenience to which I was lately sub-
jected, in the shape of deprivation of personal
liberty, has passed away for the present, and to-
day I am in all themoodsand U nses of the English
language, a fiee man, and the liepiesmtutive of
fiee men. Those fiee men, by mc represented,
demand of tins Administration a change of con-
duet. I was credulous enough to believe when,
in October and November, the people came to the
rescue of ihe rfght of conscience and of constitu-
tional liberty, usurpation and tyranny would be
abashed. I to-dav publicly confess my mistake.
The lesson intended to be taught at the polls by
those who make governments, has had no effect,
seemingly, upon those in power, except to make
them more reckless—more contemptuous of 44 the
Constitution they have sworn to suppoi t." But,
sir, let purple robes beware, they may be soiled
by plebeian hands. Mere professions of sincerity
by those who have proven themselves tyrants will
serve but little longer. There is a vast difference,
Mr. Chairman, between the lip prayer and hoprt
prayer. The people of Illinois, in good faith,
Availt to put down this rebellion,and they demand
good faith on the part of those clothed with au-
thority—brief authority, patriots hope.
My constituents found out the fact long ago,
recently announced by Mr. Seward in one of his
papers to Minister Adams, that the Government
was separable from the Administration, and that
they could patriotically support the one while jeal-
ously watching theotfier. The people of my dis-
trict have supported the Government—if going to
war is support—by enlisting more men, accord-
ing to population, by fifteen per cent., than any
other district in the State; a State, too, which has
furnished ten thousand more men for the field than
all the calls upon her required; and early in last
month they showed at the ballot-box a determin-
ation to make those temporarily ruling over them
respect a national Constitution and State lights.
True to the Government, Illinois Democrats have
determined to exercise the right of criticising the
lawless acts of Federal officials. 1 know, sir, in
doing this, obloquy without stint will be heaped
upon us by those who arc maddened.at the pros-
pect of our early asccndcncy; but that has little
terror for freemen.
Falsehood and misrepresentation are the weap-
ons now used by the minions of power; even so
obscure an individual as myself comes in for a
share. On the fifth day of this session, Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, offered, in the House, the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That at no time since the commencement of
the exiting rebellion have the force-, and materials in the
hand-* ol the executive deprutment of the Government been
■-o am pie ami abundant for the speedy and u mm pliant tei 111-
ukuioii of Uie \\ a i a> at, the pie-cut mom cm,; and it i^ the
(iutv ot ;ill loyal Ameiican em/ens lecni'dle^- of miiKirdif-
ference«4 ot opinion, and e--pemll\ liiedutv ol <;verv ofiicer
and M)ldiet ut tile tie Id, a- we!) ,i-> the dut\ ofmeiy ilepait-
nu'iit ol the Govei inneot—f he le^Hative bi.mch included—
a-< a unit, to cordially and muted!) strike down the
(.m-', at once and loicvei, who have eon-pnod to de.-trov
oui Constitution, oui naliouaim. and that prosperity and
liecdoni ot winch we are ju.-tly pioud at homo and abroad,
and winch we stand pledged to poipeiuate foievcr."
The object of^he mover was so transparent as
to deceive no one. It was to bolster up a corrupt
party, and set off, to some extent, the effect of the
searching, just,and practical resolutions offered by
my colleague, [Mr. Richardson,] by my friend
from Oilio, [Mr. Cox,] and oih< rs on this side of
the House. The resolution, I thought, was de-
signedly vague. Who "assat-si ns5' referred to was
more than doubtful. If intended to include abo-
litionists with secessionists, and make them co-
conspirators, I should not have objected. I wanted
explanation as to the meaning of the mover. This
was denied, all amendments refused, and, under
the whipnnd spurof the previous question, a vote
taken m two minutes after the resolve was offered.
I voted nay; and, because of this, am pursued by
all the mendacious sheets in Executive employ
in the country. Not satisfied with singling me
out aw a maik for slander, they asperse my con-
stituents. *
History furnishes no parallel to the forbearance
shown by Democrats since the commencement of
this war. That quality has not yet ceased to be
a virtue. Stimulated by the hope of restoring the
Union left by the fathers of the Republic, and vin-
dicating the Constitution made by a Convention
over which Washington picsided, wo will u y and
bide our time; and when we take possession and
assume control of the national Government, will
shame its enemies—if shame they have left—by
our earnest patnotism and %onsistent adherence
to constitutional ughts.
Mr. NORTON obtained the floor.
PEACE RESOLUTION.
Mi. VALLAND1GH AM. Will the gentleman
from Missouri yield to me a moment?
Mi. NORTON. Certamiv.
Mr. V A L L A N DIGIIA M. The resolution
which I offered yesterday, and which lies over for
debate, was originally pat t of the series submitted
by me some time since, and which as afterwards
modified were postponed till the 6ih of January.
I did not offer it at the same time with the others,
because I desired a separate vote upon them; and,
through the kindness of the membei from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] and his friends upon the othei side
of the House, my desire was promptlygratified,
fust as I had anticipated. The lesolutions were
laid upon the table by a strict party vote, and thus
the record for that great hereafter made up,
and I am content.
And now let me add that the resolution of yes-
terday is but an almost exact transcript of an
amendment to the address, in answer to the king's
speech,proposed in the Houseof Commons on the
18th of November, 1777, by the Marquis of Gran-
by, and supported by Lord John Cavendish, Mr.
Burke, and the other British patriots of that day.
Had i pressed it to a vote, its fate would, I doubt
not, have been just the same as that of the amend-
ment itself, which was rejected by the followers
of Lord North, by a vote of 243 to 86, in the third
year of the American war. That war, sir, as we
all know, went on for four years longer, and ended
at last in the eternal separation of the thirteen
colonies from the British crown. So far as I am
concerned, no similar result shall be the issue of
our present unhappy civil war.
But by speedy, honorable peace, conciliation,
and adjustment alone, in my deliberate and most
solemn judgment, now as from the very first, can
that calamity be averted.
Mr. NORTON resumed the floor,butyielded to
Mr. COX, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee roscjand Mr. Sheffield hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Pike reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House joint resolution No. 30, to en-
able the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon, and had come to no res-
olution theieon.
Mr. SPAULDING. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a bill merely for reference.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 must ob-
ject. The understanding when we went into com-
mittee was that no business should be done.
On motion of Mr. COX, the House (at a quar-
ter past three, p. m.) adjourned until Monday,
January 5, 1863, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 5, 1863.
Prayer by the ChapUun, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Tuesday, December 23, 1862,
was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Territory of N< w Mexico, transmitting*!, copy of
the laws enacted by the Legislative Assembly of
that Territory in 1861 and 1862; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretaiy of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 22d De-
cember, 1862, calling for information as to whether
citizens arrested by his authority have been re-
quited to take an oath or give an obligation that
they would not sue or bring an action against
those who arrested them; which, with the accom-
panying papeis, was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to n resolution of the Senate of December
22, 3862, calling for information as to the law au-
' thonzing an inciease of the number of captains
I on the active list beyond the number fixed by the
, act of July 16,1862,and as to the law under which
; ninety-one commanders appear on the active list
| in the Naval Register; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and oideied to be
P't!h. VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of December 19, 1862, information in relation
to the appointment of acting rear admirals since
the last session of Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, m answer tdnt resolution of the Sen-
ate of December 22, 3862, the reportof Chief En-
gineers Sinners and Newali upon the causes for
delay in the completion of the machinery for the
Housatonic; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Alhurs.
