184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the |[
Senateacotnmunication from the Secretary of the j!
Treasury, transmitting a report made by A. D.
Rache, Superintendent of the United States Coast ;
Survey, of the operations and progress in that
work during the year 1862, and an engraved sketch
showingthegeneral progress which hasb^en made
in the survey of the Atlantic, Gulf, and Pacific
coasts*, which was ordered to iie on the table.
' The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the Piesidcnt of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State on the subject of consular pupils;
which was referred to the Committee on Foicign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
VESSELS FOK Till] BANKS EXPEDITION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has re-
ceived a communication from Henry W. Hub-
bell, of New York, in relation to the chartering
of the Thames for the Banks expedition, with a
request that it be submitted to the Senate. It will
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the commu-
nication.
Mr. HALE. I would like to inquire to whom
that letter is addressed, and whom it is from ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is addressed to
the President of the body, with a request that it
shall be submitted to the Senate, which brings it
within the rules of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be referred to the'
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; let it be referred to the
select committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be made, if there is no objection, although the
writer desired that it should be rend to the Senate, i
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have that rule i
read which authorizes the bringing before the j
Senate of such a communication. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the nature j
of a petition addressed to the Senate. i
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it is under some j
rule of the Senate. If 1 have the privilege of call-
ing fur that rule, I should hire to have it, read. If
that is to be the practice (hat is to prevail, that
every man can address a letter stating his griev-
ances or his apprehension as to his ease to the
President of the Senate, and thus have it read m
open Senate and spread upon our Journals, I ap-
prehend we shall find ourselves burdened with
petitions and private letters and communications
of this description, so that it will be impossible
for us to continue public business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, and the Chair so rules, that it is in
the nature of a petition. The reading of the paper
does not place on the files more than a brief state-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I then desire to know under |
what rule it is, if it is in the nature of a petition, j
that it shall be read, except it be from the Legis- ;
lature of some of the States. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no rule j
requiring it to be read, and if objected to it is a !
question for the Senate to detusmme. j
Mr. HALE. I object, hip. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being |
made to the reading of tin* communication, it will '
be referred to tin* s*• 11• cf committee who have that
subject under consideration.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_Mr. FOSTER presented resol utions of the Le-
gislature of Connecticut, in favor of such a mod-
ification of the law entitled u An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and
pay the interest on the public debt," as shall pre-
vent the multiplication of taxes upon the same
article in the diiierent processes of manufacture;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWNING presented the memorial of
Elizabeth W. Lott, widow of Peter Lott, late con-
sul of the United Status at Tehuantepec, Mexico,
praying for the amount of a year's salary now
paid to the consul at that place; which was re-
ferred to the Committor on Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petition of John Wilson,
praying compensation forservices rendered under
a resolution of the House of Representatives of
May 4,1848, requiring the Clerk of the House to
procure maps of the land States for the use of the
Committee on Public Lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LATHAM presented the memorial of the
board of trustees of Virginia City, Nevada Ter-
ritory, praying for a grant of the lands within the
corporate limits of that city, not exceeding two
miles square, for the use and benefit of its inhab-
itants; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of John
Kimball, of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for
an extension of his patent u for improvement in
mechanism for turning irregular forms," for a
further period of fourteen years; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition of
T. P. Saunders and P. H. B. Saunders, of Hart-
ford, Connecticut, in which they set forth that
they are merchant tailors doing a considerable
business, but that they are colored persons, and by
virtue of the laws and constitution of the Siate of
Connecticut they are not taxed, nor have they
the privilege of voting; but that now, by reason
of the law passed at the last session, known as
the internat revenue act, they are exposed to a
heavy tax, and they remonstrate against it. I
offer the petition, and ask for its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the petition of
Robert Barry, praying for the payment of a judg-
ment recovered against the late marshal of the
northern district of California,for damages to his
property in San Francisco; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of the citizens of
New York, for the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of the State
convention of the wine growers of California,
praying that the tax upon wine may be reduced
to the amount levied upon manufactures gener-
ally, and for the adoption of a specific tax upon
the importation offoieign wines; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finftnce.
Mr. KING presented resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commeice of the State of New York, re-
affirming its former action in regard to the import-
ance of establishing a coinage department in the
assay office in the city of New York, and urging
upon Congress the passage of a bill providing for
such a department; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also presented a petition of meichants of
New York, foimetly engaged in trade with the
southern and other States, for the passage of a
general bankrupt law, which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of brew-
ers of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for a modification
of the internal revenue law in regard to the duties
on ale and beer; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
lie also presented the petition of J. Shields
Wilson, a citizen of Philadelphia, praying for a
modification of the laws regulating the mode of
inspecting and building vessels for the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. RICE presented a communication from the
Secretary of the interior in regard to a hill, which
was referred to that Department, to unite the nav-
igable waters of the Mississippi with the Red
River of the North,^y slack water and canal nav-
igation; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of Charles
F. Andeison, putying i emuneration for the design
and plans of the present new wings of the Capitol,
including the interior arrangement of the new
Halls of Congress, with their surrounding corri-
dors, offices, and galleries, and for expenses in-
curred in repeated journeys from New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
December 27, 1863, an act (S. No. 420)'to facili-
tate the discharge of disabled soldiers from the
Army, and the inspection of convalescent camps
and hospitals; and on December 31, 1862, an act
(S. No. 365) for the admission of the State of
West Virginia into the Union, and for other pur-
poses.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge,Us Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint res-
olution of the Senate:
A hill (S. No. 419) to improve the organization
of the cavalry forces; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 110) in relation to
certain maps.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
A bill (H. R. No. 602) to establish a postal
money order system; and
A bill (H. R. No. 636) concerning the district
courts of the Territory of Washington.
KEPORT FKOM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUM BULL from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Perry E. Brocchus, praying for compensation as
associate justice of the supreme court of the
United States for the Territory of New Mexico,
submitted a report accompanied by a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 114) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Perry E. Brocchus his salary
asjudge of the supreme court of the United States
for the Tenitory of New Mexico.
The joint resolution was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the leport was oidered to be
printed.
GENERAL GRANT'S ORDER RELATIVE TO JEWS.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Whereas, Major General U. S. Grant, of the Army of the
Umted State?, ori the 17th day ol December, 1882, issued
the following geneial order:
Headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps.
Department of the Tennessee,
Oxford, Mississippi, December 17,1852,
General Order No. il.]
The Jews as a class, violating every regulation of trade
established by the Treasury Depaitment, also department
orders, are hereby expuNed from the department within
twenty-four hours from the receipt of this order by post
eonmmmlets.
;l They will «ee that all this cla^s of people are furnished
'i with pa-=ise> and requited to leave: mid any one returning
i after such notification will be arretted and held in confine*
lj mew until an opp irtunity occuis ol sendingthem out as
i| pusoners, unless furnished with permits from these head-
|| quarters.
No parses will be given these people to vhit headrjuar-
, j tor** for the purpose of making personal application for trade
j, permits.
By order of Major Genera! Grant s
! 1 JOHN A. RAWLINS, *2. G-.
Official—J. Lovell, Captain a-,hi *4. Jl. G.
i And whereas, by virtue of wild order, the Jew?, as a class,
| who claim to be loyal citizens nf the United State*., have
: been expelled from the city of Paducah. Kentucky and
I have been driven finm their bu&inp** and home> bvihe mil-
. itary authonty, without any >pecific charges having been
1 made against them, or -my oppoifunily given them lo meet
the vague and general charges set forth in said ordei: There-
; fore,
Resolved by the Senate of the Vnxtcd States, That the said
I order of Major General Grant, expelling the Jews class
fiom ihe department ot which he is in command, is con-
I demited as. illegal, tyrannical, cruel, and u.tjiist, aifai the
j President is requested to countermand the same.
I desire that the resolution may bo considered
; at this time. That order of General Grant 
Mr. SUMJN ER. Is that resolution under con-
i sideration now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
' is, whether the Senate will give unanimous con-
; sent for its consideration at the present time.
: Mr. POWELL. I wish to make one remark,
i if the Senate will indulge me.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
( order until it has been ascertained whether the
| Senate will consent to consider the resolution.
| Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better lie over-
j The ViClC PRESIDENT. Objection being
j made, it will lie over under the rule.
! DKSBRTTONS FROM THIS AJIAtY.
| Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
J lutiori; which was considered by unanimous con-
| sent, and agreed to:
Resohcd,Th<a the Sua etary of War be directed to report
J to the SeiiatM the number of officer*, non-commissioned
; officer?, and privates who have debited from the Aimyof
I the United States since the l.st day ol July, 1601, and what
, steps have been taken to punish those guilty of the crime
1 of desertion.
