1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1128
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. Estimates
for all such compensations, after the next fiscal
year, are to be submitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury with his annual estimates.
Mr. COWAINT. It is very well known from the
enormous increase of the labors to be performed
in this department of the Treasury, that iheTreas-
uier himself and his officers have been worked in
a manner and at a rate that is almost inconceiva-
ble to those whoarenotconversant with the labors
to be performed there. In order to show tins, I
do not know that I can do any better than to read
to the Senate his own statement of the compara-
tive amount of labor performed there now and
that which was formerly performed in his office:
" It is found that the receipts into the Treasury at all
point* for tin1 six years pteccdiiii* tin; lu?t averaged but
$83,003,158 OS The latest hem? in 18o9, when they
were $89,095,053 G9, and the smallest in 1857, heinjj only
$7:*,727,770 02. Duiing the lust fiscal year thes«> receipts
had swollen to the enormous amount of $329,197,417 72,
being more than seven tunes the amount ot the aveiage of
fonn.-r years.
"That the labor and rNk of this increase have been mainly
thrown upon the office hero is apparent fiom the following
Statement:
u in the year ending Juite 33, 1861, the leceipta hcie were
only §20,058,070 63, or less than one quarter of the amount
received into the Tieasury; while in the year ending June
30,1862, they weie $463,841,167 75, or moie than twenty-
three times the amount of the year preceding, which had
already largely increased over former yeUr«s.
^i'This ineiease has been constant, and ia still jjoiagon
with an aceeleiated motion.
" For three, consecutive day* of last week the debits and '
crcdirs on the books of the office heie were, exclusive of
the balance left on band,.98^,596,411 I2,ormoiethan twenty-
nine and a half millions a day> which sums contract strangely
with the receipts of t<venty millions j>er annum in former
years.
"A copy of the Treasurci ;s report, made to you on the 27th
of November last, is herewith inc!o>cJ, which picacnts
other items in equally stiong contrast.
'• The circulating medium Ls>ned hom this office to date,
and since July, 1861, is $331,995,000, of winch §50,899,475
has been retired, leaving still outstanding and in the
Treasuiy over §$281,000,000; an amount exceeding by
nearly $100,000,000 the entire circulation of all the hanks in
the whole United tftates at the breaking out of the rebel-
lion, and largely exceeding in amount the entire circula-
tion of the Bank of England and the Bank of France com-
bined. When it is recotlected that the lowest denomina-
tion issued by the one is five pounds ^tailing, and of the other
one hundred lianes, and that here it descends to five cents,
and that the number of single lulls of both the banks named,
supposing them all to be of the loweM denomination, would
only be a little over ten millions, while the uumbct already
issued from this office exceeds ninety-five millions, some
idea may he formed of the labor necessary to its issue and
retiicmont, and no one can fail to see that the management
of a en culation gi eater than that of any other institution or
Government involves of itself cares, anxieties and pecu-
niary lisks and responsibilities, on the part ol the Ti calmer,
greater than those ot any other person m the world.
ik For the sate conduct and faithful management of this
immense business, and for the protection of the Govern-
ment airmnst lo>s, a bond for $150,000 was required fiom
him and has been given. Up to July last the salary received
was at the rate of $3,090 per annum, being less than is paid
to a clerk in the office of the Assistant Treasutcr m New
York, and less than is paid to any one of th^ one hundred
and twenty paymaster whose accounts aie kept in this of-
fice. Since July last the.snlary has been increased to$4,000
pin- annum, which will not purchase a* much now a, the
$3,000 would then. It need scarcely be said that this im-
mense business reqmies the constant and utmost caution
and vigilancc of mostof the persons engaged in it* uan&ae-
tioti, and to this, perhaps it ts due, that the Treasurer ha?
thus far become liable for and paid less than a hundred dol-
lars for Joshes and foi errop made."
The Treasurer further says, that for himself he
can say that for eighteen months he has not had a
moment to devote to private affairs; his sleep lias
been restricted to six hours, and his two meals a
day ctowded into one hour. In all that time he
has not even read the newspapers; he has nothad
thelfcastrecreation, nor fifteen minutesatany time
for social intercourse with his family or friends.
He hSs labored at least three times the number of
hours a week that was required of any one under
former regulations of the Department. Re has
not been able to see his home and v part of his
family for more than two years. He has known
no holidays or even Sabbaths in ail that time; and
he freely confesses that luxd he known of his place
what he now does before he entered upon it, no
salary would have tempted him to take it. He
is of opinion that few men have had the mental
trailing, and few have the physical endurance
necessary to the correct discharge of the duties
pertaining to the office.
And I may say, Mr. President, from my own
observation, directed especially to that point, that
I believe every word in the statement of the Treas-
urer. I know of no labor so enormous as the
task he is obliged to perfoBin,and none which has
accompanied with it such extraordinary risks.
By the single mismarking of a packagc of money
himself and his sureties might be ruined forever.
\ trust, thcrefoie, that this bill for his relief, which
has been well considered, for the purpose of af-
fording him additional help in the performance of
his great task, which he lias executed, I think, to
the satisfaction of everybody, and without a sin-
gle murmur on the part of any one, will pass.
Mr. FOOT, (Mr. Foster in tho chair.) Mr.
President, I move an amendment to the original
bill, by inserting, as an independent section, be-
tween the third and fourth sections of the bill, the
following:
Jtndbe it further cuactcd, That there shall be paid to the
Register of the Treasury, in lieu and stead of his present
compensation,commencingwnli and including the day
ot July, 1S33, the sum of §1.500 per annum, but from which
amount theie shall be deducted all sums of money heretofore
paid to oi received by the said Kegi>t«*r on account of his
compensation for services rendered as Register of tho Treas-
ury since and including the day aforesaid, and the income
tax on such additional compensation as iua> have accrued
since the 1st day of-Sept<nnber,
I interpose no opposition to the passage of this
bill. I make no objection to the proposed increase
of compensation to the United States Treasurer,
nor to the proposed enlargement of the clerical force
in his office, I am aware, from personal obsei va-
tion, as well as from the exhibit which has been
read here, that the business and labor of the office
of the United StatesTreasurer has multiplied more
than twenty-fold within the last two years. I know
that the necessary, actual, manual labor of the
Treasurer himself—saying nothing of the increase
of the risks and responsibilities of the office, in
the mean time—-has increased in the same pro-
portion. i believe, and I am happy to say, that
the present incumbent of that office, General Spin-
ner, has discharged the duties of it with a degree
of industry and of fidelity worthy of commenda-
tion and deserving of the gratitude of tho country.
I would not, ifl could, withhold from him the pro-
posed increase of compensation. I regard it as
due, to him m consideration of the accumulated
labors and risks and responsibilities of the office.
But, Mr. President, what issaid to be true, and
what is admitted to be true, as to the vast increase
of the business and labors of the United States
Treasurer's office is equally true of the office of
the Register of the Treasuiy. The business and
the labors of the Register's office are more than
twenty-fold larger now than they were two years
ago, or than they over were before. The same
causes which have so largely augmented the busi-
! ness of the Treasurer's office have equally aug-
I mented the business of the Register's office. Tiie
| business of these two offices is intimately and
- most closely connected. They are both side by
I: side in the Treasury Department, and the busi-
ij ness of one is similar, in its natuie, to that ol the
ii other, and the labors of both have increased in
!• equal latio. The necessary,actual, manual labor
i| of the Register is quite as laborious, qniuMis se-
j vere, and quite as incessant as that of the lYeus-
| urer. Why, sir, there is not an officialjmper,
aside from their correspondence; theie is not a
Government bond or note or coupon or certificate
or transfer, which requires the signature of the
Treasurer, which does not also pass under the
hand and receive the signature of the Register.
So far, Mr. President, us the duties and labots
of these respective offices are concerned, there is
the same reason for increasing the compensation
of the Register as for increasing the compensation
of the Treasurer. The actual, necessary labor of
the one is fully equal to that of the other; and now
to double the compensation of the Treasurer, with-
out adding a dollar to the compensation of the
Register, is most obviously an invidious, an odi-
ous, and unjust discrimination. What I have
said in reference to the manner in which theTreas-
uier has discharged the important and respons-
ible duties of his office, 1 can say with equal
truth, and I say it with equal pleasure, in refer-
ence to the present incumbent of the Register's
office, Mr. Chittenden, whose name you find upon
all your greenbacks, as well as that of the Treas-
urer. He has performed the duties of his office,
onerous and severe as they have been, with re-
markable vigilance, fidelity, and accuracy. And
yet, Mr. President, the salary of the Register is
the same to-day as it has been for more than forty
years, only $3,000, when the business and labois
of the office were never before one tithe of the
j amount they now are. The salary of tlie Treas-
urer has always been $3,000 until the last year*
when, in consideration of the accumulation of bus-
iness in his office, we increased it by n thousand
dollars. You now propose to increase it by add-
ing $2,00G more, making the salary of that officer
$6,QUO a year, or, in other words, doubling the
compensation of the Treasurer, while you do not
propose to add a dollar to that of the Register.. I
repeat, sir, that this is an invidious and unjust-
discrimination between two officers whose busi-
ness and duties are very similar in their char-
acter, and whose labors have increased, pari passu*
in regular and equal proportion. I do not pro-
pose to raise the salary or compensation of th#
Register to that of thy Treasurer, as proposed by
this bill. I propose to add only $1,500 a year to
thc compensation of the Register; while it is pro*-
posed by this bill, with the addition of the thou-
sand dollars added last year, to add $3,000 to the
salary of the Treasurer, i propose to increase
the salary of the Register only one half as much
as this bill proposes to increase the compensation
of the Treasurer. I propose to fix the annual
salary of the Register at $4,500 only, while by
this bill it is proposed to fix the annual salary of
the Treasurer at $6,000.
The sole reason for making any difference or
distinction as to compensation between these two
officers can only be found, can only bo justified,
in t'ho greaterpossible risk', by accident or by de-
sign, by mistake or by fraud, in the one case than
in the other. The duties of the two officers, I re-
peat, arc similar in their character. The labors
of the two officers—if not of the offices of the
heads of these bureaus are equal at least; that of
the Register is as great as that of the Treasurer.
In either case, they are quite as much as can be
performed within the compass of ordinary phys-
ical endurance,
1 hope, Mr. President, that my amendment will
be adopted. Justice, even-handed and impartial
justice, demands its adoption; and 1 trust it will
have the concurrence and support of the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania who introduced
and sustains the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My own judgment is that
theie is u little misapprehension about this matter.
I did not understand that the Treasurer's salary
was to be raised above $5,000. The honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania who reported the bill
seems to have entertained a different idea about
! it. My own impression is that that may be
| enough. 1 am willing, however, to leave it to the
I judgment of the Senate. 1 concur entirely in what
I has been said in regard to the gt'eat labors of the
! Treasurer of the United States. I do not agree
! with the honorable Senator from Vermont that
i these offices are of a similar character. The Re-
I gistcr of the Treasury has nothing to do with the
money. The great labor in the Treasurer's office
! arises from the fact of the heavy payments of
I money, for which there is great responsibility,
i There is not only the responsibility for vast
I amounts of money, but there is also actual labor
: in paying out the money and sending it to differ-
1 cnt sections of the country; while the Register
j of the Treasury has nothing to do but to certify
I ceitain papers, certain parts of the system. Ui>-
; doubtcdly his labors have been very largely in-
i creased. At this very session, however, we have
i relieved him in a very great degree from the labors
i of his office, which hitherto he has been able to
j perform, by givinghim an Assistant Register,and
| giving to that Assistant Register precisely the
| powers which lie requested should be given him
j in order to lighten his own labors in the office.
! He did moke a suggestion about an increase of
! bulary, but he has been going on at the rate of
i $3,000, the same that is received by all the heads
' of the different bureaus except one or two. For
| instance, the Assistant Postmasters General, the
i Auditors and Comptrollers, men who certainly do
i| as constant and severe labor, many of them, as
! the Register of the Treasury, get but $3,000 a
:! year. It is impossible to find any man in the Gov-
ernment who is worked more hard than the Sec-
ond Auditor, for instance, and some of the other
; Auditors. We have at this very session, as I say,
II lightened the labors of the Register of the Treas-
' wry by giving him an assistant; and it did not ap-
<; pear from anything stated to us at the time we
1; examined that bill that he had been unable toac-
j|. complish the labor in his office, but he complained
j! of ita very great severity, in consequence of which
