1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DUTIES ON PAPER.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolred, Thai the Committer on Finance ho directed to
inquire into the evpedieney of modifying or aboli>hing the
Import duties on foreign paper.
CLAIMS OF MAINE AND MASSACHUSETTS,
Mr. MGRRfLL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unammouscon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.it thf> Committee on Claims inquire into the
expediency oi piovwhng (bi the repayment of the interest
paid by the States ot Massachusetts and Maine m eoti^e-
fjfcenee of <ul vanres made to the United States during tlie
war of ISM-lo, upon the same principles which have gov-
erned such icp.ijmonts to all the other States which made
such advance* dm nig that war.
CONSOLIDATION OF REGIMENTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be m>ti uctcd to consider the e\pedienc\ of con-
solidating tlie regiment- in the tidd. so that the maximum
number in each icgimcnt  hall be at least one thousand
effective men.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there he printed, in addition to the usual
number, ma thousand two bundled copies of the report of
the Supettntcndeu; of the United States Coast fhnvey, of
which twelve hundied copies -hall be foi the u-e of the
Senate, and live thousand copies for distribution by the
Superintendent.
NOTICE OJF A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent corre-
spondence with rebels.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
441) to promote the efficiency of the artillery arm
of the service; which was ivad twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 44^) for
the relief of E. F. Wood & Co., of Boston and San
Francisco; which was read twice by its titk, and
referred to the Committee o\\ Claims.
Mr. NESMiTil asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
443) to promote the efficiency of the Army; which
was read twice by its titie, and referred to the j
<Jommitte€ on Mihtaiy Affairs and the Militia. J
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and j
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce [
a bill (S. No. 446) to suspend temporarily the op- .
eration of an act entitled "An act to prevent and j
punish fraud on the part of ofHcei s intrusted'wilii '
making of contracts for the Government," ap- ;
proved June 2, 1802; which was read twice by us ;
tide, and referred to the Committee on Military [
Affairs and the Militia. j
Mr. FOOT ask< d, and by unanimous consent :
obtained, h'avc to nitioduce a joint resolution (S. !
No. 115) m relation to the claim of Charles P.
Andetson; which was read twice by its title, and -
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings and !
Grounds. j
DIRECT TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS. ;
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the unamraouscoie ,
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill of which no ,
previous notice lias been given; and I beg to state ;
simply the purposes of the bill. !
There being no objection, leave was given to \
introduce the bill (S. No. 444) to amend an act 1
entitled i( An act lor the collection of direct taxes ;
in insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes;55 which was read
twice by us tale.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to way that I have
received a communication from one of the com-
missioners in South Carolina, where the lands are
often d for sale under this act, and it is stated that
certain sites that are necessary for military pur-
poses should be reserved from the sale, and it is
necessary that it should be done immediately, as
the sale is to come off early in February next. 1
move to refer this bill to the Committee on Fi-
nance, calling their special attention to it, for it is
necessary to act upon it promptly.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator what he
proposes to do. is it to suspend the operation of
the law ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Only as to those sites
which may he designated by the Secretary of
War as necessary for military purposes. The
danger is that if they go on and sell these sites,
some speculator may comc in and purchase the
lauds, and then chaige the Government a very
largo price for military sites.
Mr. GRIMES, liefer it to the Military Com-
mittee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to its
going to the Military Committee,and) at the sug-
gestion of my friend from Iowa, 1 wiil make the
motion that it be referred to that committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better go to that
committee; and i will suggest ti provision still
brocidei, that all the sales at Hiiton Head should
be suspended. 1 merely throw out the suggestion
now, without ffoin£ into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
TAXATION OF BANK BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
445) taxing bank bills and all fractional currency;
which was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlie bill will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the indulgence ofthe
Senate, I ask that that refeience be not made. I
desire, at some eon venient time, which will suit
the pleasure of the Senate, to submit a few re-
marks on the bill, and I move that it lie on the
table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOCFE BILLS HEEERUED.
The following bills fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and refertcd as indicated below:
A bill (No. G02) to establish a postal money
order system—to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 636) concerning the district courts
of the Territory of Washington—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
TEMPORARY HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT hud before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I submit to Congress the expediency of extending to other
Dcpaitments ot the Govcinn.ent the aufhonty conferred on
tlie Pie^idcnt by the eighth <-ection of the act of the 8th of
Mav, 1792, to appoint a pes --on to temporarily dischaige tlie
duuebof Seeretaiy of tfute, Secretary of the Treasury, and
Secref.tty ot Wai, m ca-e or the death, absence Aoin the
seat of Government, or mc-juics^, of either of those officers,
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, January 2,
The message was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
WISCONSIN DISTRICT COURT.
Mr DOOLITTLE. There is a bill Iyin? upon
the table which passed the Senate some time ago,
and passed the House of Representatives with an
amendment, m relation to the fixing of the terms
of the circuit courts mtheSfate of Wisconsin. I
desire to have that bill taken up, for the purpose
of referring it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No. 407,
to fix the terms of the circuit court in the district
of Wisconsin, js returned from the House of Rep-
resemamf ^ with an amendment, and is now be-
fore the Seiv t'-.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and in making that
motion 1 desire to make a statement. Just before
the commencement of the present session, I re-
ceived o communication from several of the lead-
ing members or the bar of the city of Milwaukee,
in the State of Wisconsin, addressed to the Wis-
consin delegation, which i will read : '
MU.wackel:, Xorcm'-cr IS, lBC'J.
Gentlemen: Yon are well acquainted with tlie evils
which the people of tin.-. -Stat'- have -uiUered fiom tlie foimer
fuilme of Cuu!i;i>s> to extend to tin- diitriet the t.amc judi-
cial system enjojod by the older States. You are well ac-
quainted with the magnitude and nature of tho&e evils.
The act of Congress* ot 17th July last, creating a circuit
court for this district, and abolishing thecircuit court juris-
diction of the district court, wa> designed to remedy Uies«
evils. !5ut, as the law now stands, the temedy is more ap-
parent than real.
The act of last July provides that the terms of the circuit
court shall be held at the same times aiut places now fixed
by law tor the terms of the district court. The act admit-
ting this State into the Union provides for two annual terms
of thedistiict court; one in Milwaukee on the first Monday
of January, and one at Madison on the first Monday of July.
The July teim falling m midsummer, and involving the ne-
cessity of the removal of the records and papers of the court
from the clerk's office to a distance of one hundred
has always been found an inconvenience, has disposed of
little litigated business, and, except judgments by default,
has been little better ili.m nominal. The result has been
that almost all the litigated business has been done at the
January term, and at special terms*of the court held at Mil-
waukee by ouler of the judge.
The district court exercising the juiisdiction of a circuit
court, had pnwei io Miinmoii <i petit jury to try issues at it-*
special terms. The circuit couit does not possess that
power.
Under the new system the result will be, almost all the
litigated common law busine^ will be ttansfictod at the
January term, and tbai all the litigated equity business wilt
be transacted at the fame teuu, and at special tcrm->. In the
main, the common-law Imsincx is of the greatest consid-
eration.
The January term of the circuit court falling within the
term of the Supreme t'ouit of the United States, it is jnc-
sumabh- that the judge of the luttei court aligned to this
eircuit will seldom or never be present at the term here,
and his piesence at the July teitn and at fpecial teim?-Will
be no compensation foi his iibvnce at the January term.
We therefore TP^peethillv urge an immediate chantre of
the tenns ofthe circuit com t for this district, so as to insure
the probable presence of the circuit judge. And in this
connection we re^peetiully suirce.-t an adjustment ot the
terms of the circuit com ts in all the districts composing this
circuit.
Unless this be done, wc apprehend thatthc people of this
State will be found to have gained little, if anything, by th.e
change made bj the act of la*t July.
We beg leave to press upon jour consideration tlie im-
portance of an act of Con«ro-«s within next month, to re-
move the difficulties sugireMed.
Most respectfully, \our obedient servants,
JAMBS lUCKCOX,
PALMF.R &. STARK,
THOMAS L. OGDEN,
WALDO, ODY & VAN,
J AME-S 11. I'AfNE & SON'.
IRJTLEIt. BUTTRR'K St COTTRILL,
RVAxV Sc'McGREGOR.
Hon. Messrs. T. O. Howi,J It. Doo little, J. F. Poiter,
A. S. Sloan, and L. Hjlnchett.
Mr. President, I deem it my duty to state that
I was detained at home by sickness tit Uie time;
but immediately upon my arrival at Washington,
which was on the third day of the session, and
directly after the confirmation of the judge who
resides in that circuit, (Mr. Davis,) 1 had a con-
sultation with him as to the times when, if the
courts were fixed in the State of Wisconsin to suit
his convenience, he could be present in person to
hold those terms, and at his suggestion the first
Monday of May and the first Monday of Octo-
ber were agreed upon and named in the bill. Ac-
cordingly, a bill was introduced and passed the
Senate. When it went into the House.of Repre-
sentatives, upon representation, as I suppose, of
certain parties particularly interested in some liti-
gation pending in the court, K was amernh d so as
to provide that the term to como on in January,
and which commences to-day, should be post-
poned as to all mattery except those specified in
the amendment. This passed the House of Rep-
resenta'ivew on the v.ry day that this long ad-
journment was agreed upon, and could not be
acted upon in this body. It is now too late to
change the present term of the court. It has
already commenced, i move, therefore, rhat this
bill be referred to the Committee on the Judicnry.
I do not expect at this time any action will be had
to affect the term already begun. I hope, how-
ever, the committee will report against th<-amend-
ment of the House of Representatives; foe I nan-
not concur in the wisdom of an amendment which
sterna to provide for special business or particular
interests at a term of a court. I would postpone
thecourtaltogether, orletitgo onand do the whole
of its Lustncss.
I have deemed it my duty to state these facts,
to prevent any misunderstanding among paities
and suitors and counsel who have causes pending
in that court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thebillaml amend-
ment wiil be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
OPERATIONS OF GENERAL BUr.LL.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that House bill No. 137
be now taken up.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to allow me to call up a resolution of
