186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
inquiry submitted by me some time since, which
was laid over under the rule. It is a mere reso-
lution of inquiry directed to the Secretary of War
with regard to the trial of General Buell. I do not
propose to discuss it.
. Mr, DAVIS. I will give way, if it does not
lead to debate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ifitdoes, I shall notpress
it. I move to take up the resolution indicated.
It is a/mere resolution of inquiry. I do not pro-
pose to discuss it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. McDougall, December 19, 18G2:
Resolved, That the Socretaiy of War be requested to in-
form the Scuttle whether a tuuunai lias been convened to
investigate and lepoit upon the npeiatuvns ot'Mfijoi General
D. C. Buell, United States volunteer, in Kentucky and
Tentie>M-e; 'and if so, to ^LUe tin: chaiaeter of the tribu-
nal, whether it is ;t court-martial or couit of iaquuy, and if
not, undei what law it is instituted; and to state further,
whether that tribunal has held or N now holding its ses-
sions m secret, and whether it icsolved to or attempted to
exclude from its se?sio^ Major Goneial JiueK, vvhOs-e con-
duct it was to investigate; further. whether said tribunal
proposed to said Majoi General Buell an oath to the effect
that lie would not disclose any incident of his tual, ui of
the evidence in ln^ ca-i*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that resolution
requires some consideration.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a resolution of in-
quiry, and I will state to tin* Senator that I am
informed thatail these things have transpired, and
it is desirable that we should be officially advised
on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it ought to be re-
fened to a committee, to consider whether it is
advisable to call for this information. 1 doubt the
piopi iety or expediency of intioducing resolutions
of inquiry with reference to all those Army pro-
ceedings m trying its twicers, and bringing them
before the public. We make a continual com-
plaint ot a want of efficiency and a want of energy
and activity on the part of the Government in mil-
itary operations; and the first thing we know, when
they attempt to investigate the conduct of an offi-
cer, there is a resolution of inquiry or some com-
plaint or other to see what they are doing, and
sec whether they have not made some blunder or
something woisc. I think befoie we oiler such
resolutions, in the present state of things at any
rate, the ciicumstances ought to be investigated
by a committee to sec whether it is proper to make
the call, i move that the resolution be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As a matter of courtesy
to the Senator from Kentucky, 1 having called the
resolution up by his permission upon the promise
that 1 would not discuss it, supposing there couid
be no opposition to it, and as I find tlieie is to be
opposition, 1 ask that it he over until to-morrow,
and then.I will discuss the question with gen-
tlemen who think the resolution should not be
pressed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion that the
resolution lie on the table will be in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the resolu-
tion he on tiie table, and 1 give notice to the Sen-
ate that 1 shall call it up to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER I'OItCE FOR KENTUCKY.
Mr. DAVIS. I now renew my motion to take
up House hill No. 137.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. It. No.
137) to authorize the raising of a volunteer force
for the better defense of Kentucky, the pending
question being on the motion of Mi. Trumbull
to indefinitely postpone the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to enter into
any lengthy discussion of this bill, but 1 presume
it is incumbent upon me to say a few woids in
relation to it. It is a bill to authorize the State
of Kentucky to raise volunteers for the defense
of thai State, these volunteers, to be mustered into
the service of the United Slates, to be subject to
the ordeis of the President, and by lus direction
to be ordered to march to any other service what-
c\er. 1 suppo.se that discretionary powei of the
President over these tmopN, if Congress shall au-
thoi izo them to be rai^d, wili bo sufficient to satis-
fy the demands of the gentlemen. I think, sir, that
the bill ought to pass, that it is eminently just to
Kentiuky thatit should, and that nought to have
been passed early during the last session. I be-
lieve, as I have said beiure in this body, that if
it had then passed it would have saved to the arms
of the United States some considerable disasters,
both in the States of Kentucky and Tennessee.
It is a fact, Mr. President, and it need not be
attempted to be disguised by me, though I make
the statement of it with regret and m'ortification,
that fully one third of the population of the State
of Kentucky are disloyal. 1 feelno sympathy with
them in their disloyalty. On the contrary, those
of them who demonstrate their disloyalty by open
acts, 1 want promptly met, to meet every military
disaster, and all the just punishment which out-
raged law can inflict upon traitors. That senti-
ment I have always entertained, and 1 intend to
adhere to it. The disloyal portion of Kentucky
is intermingled with the loyal portion over the
whole State. The superficies of that State is about
thirty-nine thousand square miles. More than
one half of the State is mountainous, or knobs, and
furnishes great facilities for retreat and fastnesses
for disloyal men. More than one half of the State
has been subjected to military occupancy, first by
one army and then by the other. The entire ag-
ricultural substance of one half the country has
been consumed by this alternate march of hostile
and friendly armies, and the people are left in a
state of great destitution.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. Itbccomcs the duty
of the Chair at this hour to call up the special ordei.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the special order be
dispensed with; this bill will not ta-kc much time,
and I trust the Senate will act upon it now, and
pass it. *~
^Tiift VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone the special order for
the purpose of continuing the discussion of the
subject just now before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER-. If by common consent the
special order can be laid aside temporarily, (the
Senator from Kentucky assuiesus that he thinks
it will not take a great length of time to discuss
this mattei,) I will consent, and I hope the Senate
will consent unanimously to that course.
Thu VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the special order will be laid aside, subject
to be called up at any moment.
Mr. DAVIS. The disloyal portion of the peo-
ple of Kentucky has a secret military organization
under the name and style  f the " Knights of the
Golden Circle." There are,very few countiesin
that State, I am informed upon the best authority,
in which branches of this organization do not exist;
and it and its members have secret magazines of
aims and of military munitions scattered all over
the State. Whenever there has been an invasion
ot the State by tile confederate forces, this order has
given them active sympathy and aid, and is ready
to do so again.
Now, sir, let me make a remark or two in rela-
tion to the military organisation of that State.
There are between one hundred and thirty-five
and one hundied and forty thousand of military
population m Kentucky. Of that military pop-
ulation, as I have said before, one third is dis-
loyal. It leaves a fiacuou above ninety thou-
sand of loyal military population. The number
is certainly under ninety-five tjrousand. Some
two or three weeks ago, that State had mustered
into the Union army forty-two thousand four
hundred and twelve infantry, thuteen regiments
; of cavalry, and was engaged in raising the four-
! teenth; and f am informed now that the forty-
( fourtlrregiment of infantry for the United States
J service is now in piocessof organization and of
! rapid completion. In addition to that, we have in
i the militia sen ice of the State protecting our peo-
, pie, meeting the confedeiate foices and their allies
. m hostile array, and peifoniimg service which
legitimately belongs to the United States armies,
between fifteen hundred and two thousand men;
; so that, in fact, there is at this time upward of one
halfj>f the loyal military population of the State
ot Kentucky in the Union service.
I make these statements with great pleasure,
so far as they afford evidence of the fidelity and
loyalty of two thirds of the people of that State to
our Government; but, at the same time, with mor-
tification and icgret in relation to the extent of
the disloyal feature that is express* d by them. 1
make them with pleasure, furthermore, to give to
my friend, the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mon- j
rill,] the true facts in relation to the extent of i
the service that the loyal men of the State of Ken- j
tucky arc now rendering the Union causw. I have I
no doubt that he will receive this explanation with
gratification and pleasure; and I trust it will have
the further effect upon him not only to induce
him to withdraw his charge made m the hurry of
debate, and upon misinformation against the State
of Kentucky, but also to induce him to give a
cordial and a graceful support to this measure.
Mr. President, the State of Kentucky has been
invaded five or six times by portions of the con-
federate army. John Morgan has made at least
six incursions at the head of confederate cavalry
into that State;and at one time he, with Bragg and
Smith, swept across the entire State diagonally,
from southwest to northeast, and threatened the
city of Cincinnati itself. If this bill had be^fi
passed at the last session, thuie would have been
a corps of volunteers, under its authority, organ-
ized in that State, perfectly organized, drilled, and
disciplined, and'ready to meet Morgan, and suf-
ficient to have exterminated liim, I believe, before
he could have made his escape from the State.
Now, Mr. President, how else would this forcc
render service to the Union cause? We all under-
stand the painful condition of things that is exist-
ing now at MurfreesboroThere have been a series
of battles for four days, the most obstinate and
bloody that have illustrated this bloody war, com-
mencing there on the 31st of December and still
in progress on the 3d day of the present month.
Although the information leads us to hope, con-
fidently to hope, that that soldier and that true
captain, Rosecrans, at the head of one of the best
armies that was ever arrayed in battle, by this time
has had signal and final success, it is not by any
means certain that such is the state of the fact.
What was the forcc that General Rosecrans
moved at the head of from Nashville to Murfrees-
boro'? Forty-five thousand. There are now in the
State of Kentucky about twelve thousand United
States troops, embodied under three several com-
manders—one near Danville, under the command
of General Baird; another near Louisville, under
the command of General Granger; and a thitd
near Lebanon Junction, under the command of
General Harlan, of the State of Kentucky; consti-
tuting a force in the aggregate of at least twelve
thousand. If this bill had passed at the last session,
ten thousand ofthese forcescouldhave been spated
from the State of Kentucky to reinforce Rosecians,
and they would have given an additional strength
to his gallant army that would have left no doubt
as to the final result in the important conflict be-
tween Btagg and that commander. These tioops
would have been in Kentucky for its defense: and
if it had been necessary that they should march
to Nashville, or to Murfreesboro', or to any other
point, for the purpose of increasing the Union
host in the hour of battle with the confedeiate
armies, they would have marched with as much
alacrity and promptitude, and with as much truth
and fidelity to the cause, as any troops enlisted m
the United States service. It is too late, by the
passage of this bill, to make these troops available
for the present great exigency; but we are to have
future exigencies, and these troops will be as im-
portant and as effective for those future exigencies
as any troops whatever.
Mr. President, along the whole eastern border
of Kentucky, which is separated from Virginia by
the Big Sandy river, and along the whole south-
ern boundary, from the angle of Tennessee, Vir-
ginia, and Kentucky, to the Mississippi rivei, is
an extent of three hundred miles. For about two
thirds of the entiie distance, the frontier is river
or mountainous; and where it is mountainous it
lias a few very deep difficult passes through which
bodies of armed men move' fust fiom one oute
into the other, and along these passes is Kentucky
invaded from time to time,and will continue to be
invaded as long as the war continues.
Well, sir, tiie United States troops must be
massed m large bodies for the purpose of meeting
the enemy in the field. While they are massed
at a few points, one half of the State bouieimg
upon the Virginia and Tennessee lines is lelt ex-
posed to the invasion of such guerrilla chiefs as
John Morgan and Forrest. They rush into it upon
stolen horses, the best that can be obtained any-
where, and move sometimes between sunset and
sunrise a distance of fifty or sixty miles, sweep-
ing the whole country as they pass along with
devastation. The United States armies, massed
in large numbers,cannot defend the State against
such attacks as these. It wili require a local vol-
