188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
defense of the passes in the mountains would be
the defense of the whole of the State of Kentucky,
and m addition to that it would be the defense of
ail the States on the northwest of the Ohio river.
Mr. HOWE. Mi*. President, t really hope the
Senator from Illinois will not press the motion to
indefinitely postpone this bill; and I think that if
he understands the character of the bill as 1 do, he
certainly will not press the motion. I believe I
was the first member of the Senate to cali atten-
tion to the pecuharcharacterofthose forces which
have been raised in some of the States as home
guards. When 1 heard that the Government of
the United States was paying a large body of
troops raised m the State of Maryland under the j
designation of home guards, whose duty it was I
understood to be to defend the sovereignty and the j
soil of the State of Maiyland, and not the sov- j
ereignty and the soil of the United States of;
America, I objected to it at once; 1 objected to it i
altogether, and I shall continue to object to it, ;
because [understood that the very fact of organ- {
izing such troops was a declaration that there was !
a duty incumbent on the citizen of a State to de- |
fend that State m which he lived, a duty higher j
than that which he owed to the United States. |
That principle lies at the bottom of this war in j
which the United States are now engaged, and 1
that principle I regard as utterly unsound and j
fallacious wheiever 1 meet it. When this bill ]
was first brought to my notice, I understood it to
recogmze the same principle substantially,'unci I 1
then objected to it. As I understand the bill now, I
or at hast as I understand the views of the Sena- j
tor from Kentucky who advocates the bill, he is j
entirely willing to put it on such a foundation that i
it shall ignore that principle altogether. ;
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. 1 abhor that pnnci- '
pleas much as the Senator from Wisconsin does. 1
Mr. HOWE. What is the bill now before the j
Senate.' ft is to authorize the organization of an i
additional force to be raised within the Statt. of :
Kentucky, not to exceed twenty thousand men— I
not who shall be independent of the authority of
the United Stares, but who shall be as completely
subject fo the command of the President of the .
United States as any troops in the country; and i
all they ask is that they shall have a preference ,
over other troops in being assigned to the defense i
* of Kentucky. And is not that fair5 Is not that 1
reasonable ? The condition of the military popu- |
latiou of Kentucky has been stated to the Senate '
by the Senator from Kentucky. That State is \
threatened every day and every night of the year !
with invasion. I know that every man who has
been armed m the State of Illinois, and paid by j
the Government of the United States, has b*en
armed and is paid to defend the supiemacy of the
people of the United States end the mtegnty of
their Government. But if Illinois wue threat-:
ened with invasion, and if, m addition tu the hun-
dred and foity-seven thousand men she has s«-ut
abroad to defend the integrity of tins Union, there
were found one bundled thousand mi n moie oi one
hundred thousand women who would put them- .
selves underarmsfor thepurpose of defending that
portion of the United States against invasion, I ■
would say, pay thorn thirteen dollars a month, I ;
would not care which sex th^y belonged to. Here •
is a proposition on the part of the ciuzens of Ken- ;
tucky—in addition to the forces they have sent into
the field for the geneial purpose of protecting the
Union everywhere, they propose to furnish t went y
thousand more volunteers, subject to the order oY
the President, xu match wherever he says; but in-
asmuch as some poi tion of the A i my of the United
States is to be assigned to the defense of Kentucky, '
they ask that they shall have a preference .n the
discharge of that duty. 1 w>ll grant them that
preference.
•Sir, I want to say here that this iifga of doing 1
police duty for every disturbed portion of the ■
United States, at the expense of the United !
States, and with the Army of the United States, !
is not iin idea which iias ever struck me with
any patiieubr favor, but it is the idea which has
animated this Government from the beginning
of the war, and 1 do not think the Government
is likely to abandon it until the close of the war; ■
and since the United States will furnish special I
constables for every county and every bailiwick '
in the country, I am entirely ^willing that there ;
should be a preference given to the troops of the j
respective States and respective neighborhoods :
in doing that particular duty. I would not do it j
at all. I think that if I were to direct this war
myself, I would only furnish troops to make up
armies, and I would only furnish armies to meet j
armies, and wherever I found an army hostile to t
the Government of the United States, if I could
furnish forces adequate to surround and to crush
them, I would do it; and if I could not do it, I
would surrender. That would be my mode of
conducting it. That is not the mode which has
prevailed hitherto; and I really can see no good
reason why we should not give to the troops
roposed to be raised under this bill just the pref-
)i P
erence they ask for, and that is all i understand
they do ask. There is a clause I shall want
amended if this motion to postpone indefinitely
is not pressed—a very slight amendment, which
I presume the Senator from Kentucky will not
object to. In the proviso to the first section, it is
said that, '*at any time it may be necessary,
these troops may be employed out of the limits
of Kentucky against the enemies of the said State
or of the United States," leaving it indefinite as
to who shall determine when it is necessary or j
not. I suppose the Senator will have no sort of i
objection to having "die President of the United
States" inserted there as the authority who shall
determine that necessity.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs at the last session were
against the passage of this bill. It was believed
at that time that troops enough could be raised for
three years for the defense of Kentucky and the |
country. Kentucky certainly, as has been stated '
by the Senator from that State, has been very much ;
exposed within the last year, and I have no doubt \
that the oiganizcuion of these twelve months men
wc^uld contribute to the defense of the State. I
know that thuc are those who fear,that this or-
ganization v/ili have an adverse tendency, thai it ,
will be rather against the cause of the Union m
Kentucky than foi it; but it seems to mo tli.it if j
these regiments are properly organized and under '
piopci influences, they will contribute to the de- j
fense of the State rather than against it. Under 1
present circumstances, in \iew of the difficulty of;
raising men in the country at this time for th'ree ■
years, and considering the exposed condition of '
that State, I have made up my mind to vote for ;
this bill, with some anieudmeiiis. I should pre- j
fer to have the number of men ten thousand in- j
stead of twenty thousand, and I think the fourth j
section of the bill, if we pass it, should be so ;
guarded that these volunteers shall not draw boun- ;
ty. They are to be twelve months men, called ,
out for the defense of their homes and their fire- !
sides, to go beyond th^ limits of Kentucky only I
on the requisition of the President of the Unitc-d !
States, and I propose to amend the fourth section I
by ( xpre&siv pro\ id;ng that they shall not be en- 1
titled to the betuty paid by the Government, but 1
she'll be ' ititi'-d to the pay, subsistence, ciothmg,
and oth  i emoluments of soldieife in the scrvice of ;
the LTmted Suites. ;
Then tlu. fifth section of the bill provides that !i
the commander of that department may mount >:
these nun, or a portion of them. That is rather I
indefinite, and 1 think it should be limited, it 1 <
would be better to say thai a portion of the force, \ j
not exceeding two regunents, may be mounted, j
I am wiiiinii to have a small foice of mounted men ,:
i-n this service, but the raising of mounted men ;l
entails great expense, apu it has been attended I
with gieatabufaes throughout the country. We :j
havt mounted during this war over sixty thou- j
sand cavalry,and, with rare exceptions, it seems !|
to me that they have been of very little servicc. .
Go the western plains and over portions of the !
country thinly settled,! have no doubt they have
contributed a great deal to our cause; but cer-i-
tainly it seems to me that in this portion of the |
country they have 'iardly been of any real ser- ■!
vice. 'j
Mr. CLARK. The rebels have made their ,j
cavalry very effective. '!
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Is it the
decision of the Chair that it is not in order to act ■
on amendments to the bill now? .J
The, VICE PRESIDENT. No amendment is l!
m order at this time. j;
Mr. GRIMES. I have only a word to say, sir, j;
in regard to the general merits of this proposition. l|
It seems to me that before we pass this bill we '!
ought to inquiie what lias been our experience
under similar measures in other States, and that
we ought to be governed by the light of experi-
ence. We have a law, passed at the last session
of Congress, by which the State of Missouri was
authorized to raise a body of men under similar
circumstances. There is a provision here which
allows these men under certain circumstances to
be taken out of the State of Kentucky; but it is
not expected that they will be. Now, sir, the
State of which I have the honor to be in part the
representative has several regiments in the State
of Missouri. They are brought in and combined
with the Missouri militia, and the consequence
has been that there has been a constant state of
bad feeling ever since they have been there. A
1 colonel of one of our regiments may be at home,
or he may be sick; the colonel of a Missouri mil-
itia regiment that holds his office only for twelve
months, and who is not compelled to go out of the
State, ranks the acting commander, and takes not
| only the command of his own regiment, but the
I command of the Iowa regiment which has enlisted
for three years and is liable to be called anywhere
throughout the whole country. The result is that
a bad state of feeling grows up between the offi-
| cers find men of those regiments.
j If you a"e going to combine these regiment* in
1 Kentucky, ifyouaregoin^to take men from Mich-
! igau and Illinois and Ohio and combine them with
! these Kentucky home guards, or home mihtia,
1 you will find yourselves involved in almost iin-x-
: tricable difficulties, and Senators iieie will find
I themselves annoyed with as many letters on the
subject, remonstrating against the continuance of
; such a state of things, as have the Senators from
' Iowa.
I shall vote for the indefinite postponement of
j the bill. My experience has been such in con-
: nection with the troops-sent from my State as not
: to justify me in voting for the raising of any troops
except in such manner as they are raised goner-
ally under the laws of the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this dis-
cussion goes upon the supposition that, after all,
these are not to be troops peculiarly for Kentucky,
but that they are to be under the rules and arti-
cals of war, as the Senator from "Wisconsin tells
us, and subject to the order of the President. It
is true they may be so used, but it is not worth
while for us to deceive ourselves. Does the
Senator from Kentucky or the Senator from Iowa
suppose these troops will ever move a foot out of
| the State of Kentucky? Would you rely upon
j them to go into the State of Louisiana; would you
I call upon them to go there? What is the primary
| object for which they are raised? Read the bill:
s The military boair! tor Kentucky shall have power to
raiee find organize into regiment-* a volunteer force not
exceeding twenty thousand lank and tile, serve for the
' teim oi twelve months.55
Foi what purpose ?
; ** To he rmploved within the himta of Kentucky in re-
• polling invasion, ".upp:«'**.iniz insUTeetton, and guarding
, and protecting the public prnperfj
Thai is what thf trooj s are raised for; that is
the primary object, the whole basis of this bill
The Senator from Kentucky has not introduced
H for any other purpose. lie does not advocate
it tor any other puiposc. It is to guard Ken-
tucky propeity, L*md to suppress insurrection
within that State, Thcie is a pi ovjso " that at
any time it may be nccissary, thee*4 troops may
be employed out of ihe limits of Kentucky."
That is put on, I suppose, to ca.iy the bill
through; but nobody supposes that these troops
are to go out from Kentucky; ami would they
be the most serviceable troops to bo taken out
of Kentucky? Would she young men of whom
the Senator from Kentucky speaks, who had
entered the reivice with a wew of protecting
propcr'y in Kentucky—that cmainly would be
their understanding of the terms on which they
entered the service—feci exactly right when an
order came for them to march to Mobile ? Would
tiiey not be dissatisfied ? Are you not holding
out to tlie young men to induct' them to enter into
this home guard seivice an inducement which
would be violated when you came to order them
away? You may tell them that there is a proviso
in the law under which fhey enlisted that author-
ized it; bu' I am sure they would be dissatisfied,
and they would not enter upon a campaign at a
distance from Kentucky with the same spirit and
