1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Besides, this is within the limits of the Territory
of New Mexico now. It is in an organized Ter-
ritory. The question is whether you should divide
the Territory. The same argument may be made
for the division of Dakota, Nevada,or Nebraska,
orany of the Territories. There is no reason why
they should not have their justices of the peace,
their county offices, their sheriffs, and their judges,
just the same as Arizona has under the control of
"New Mexico, or within the boundaries of New
Mexico. There is no reason why they should
not'have them just as well then as when they are
within the boundaries of what shall be called Ar-
izona. The fact is, the people down in Arizona
donot wish to have any municipal laws extended
over them. They positively refused to send mem-
bers to the Legislature of New Mexico, and there
is a very insignificant population there. The cen-
sus of I860 shows that there are only 2,421 white
peoplem the Territory; 4,040 Indians whoare par-
tially civilized; and the total number of persons
in the Territory, whites, Indians, and negroes, is
6,482. You may organize a Territory there, and
send officers out there at an expense, probably,
of forty or fifty thousand dollars, but the officers
cannot exercise the functions of their offices unless
backed up by an army.
The Senator refers to other Territories, and
speaks of the organization of Nevada, and he says
that a population has since gone there. True; and
I think the population may have been increased
somewhat by the organization ofaTerritory. Rich
mines have been developed; and 1 have no doubt
there would have been a large population there
even if Nevada had remained within the limits of
the Territory of Washington and the other Terri-
tories contiguous and adjoining to it. So of Da-
kota. I do not think Dakota is an example to be
quoted here. It really seems to mo there was no
necessity for the organization of the Teiritory of
Dakota. There are not more than six or eight
thousand people there now,as I understand; and
I do not know but what it would have been just as
well for Dakota to have remained part of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska as to have been organized by
itself. There is another bill pending here, intro-
duced, I believe, this morning, lo organize another
Territoi y on the top of the Rocky mountains some-
where, called——
Mr. DAVIS. Montana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Montana, my friend from
Kentucky suggests. I had forgotten the name.
You may make a great many Territories out in
that country, if you desire to divide up the exist-
ing ones. 1 suppose you could have twentycon-
taining as much population within their limits as
will be in this Territory of Arizona. There are
rich mines there, I have no doubt. When the
country becomes settled, they will doubtless be
developed. But at this time, in the midst of a civil
war, when our authority cannot be maintained in
Arizona except by force of arms, it seems to me
U is an injudicious time to urge the passage of
such a bill. With a view of testing the sense of
the Senate on the bill, and in order not to take
time upon it, I will move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. WADE. The Senator has not answered
the principal reasons that I urged for an organiza-
tion of thisTeriitoiy; nor has he even attempted
to answer them. He says this is a part of New
Mexico. That is very true. New Mexico and
Arizona constitute a country larger than half of
Europe. He does not answer the point that the
seat of justice in New Mexico, where these peo-
ple must go, is over seven hundred miles from
the principal place of population of Ai izona; that
there are hostile Indian tribes between the two
that render it impossible that justice can be done
or the rights of these people be protected in New
Mexico. I have told the Senate, and I have the
account here, of a flagrant murder being com-
mitted in that country, and the murderers going
scot-free, because the people could not go any-
where to have them tried. They would have had
to take them seven hundred miles, a portion of
the way through the country of hostile Indians.
The Senator says, because they are attached to
New Mexico, there is no necessity for the organ-
ization of this Territory. Now, theTe are cer-
tainly nine or ten thousand people there. The
census taken in I860 shows the number of inhab-
itants, as I stated, to be six thousand four hun-
dred and eighty-two at that time, and we are told
that two thousand live hundred or three thousand
have been added to the Territory since, making
over nine thousand inhabitants. The Senator
says they are not all whites. I do not know how
ihat is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is the official report
which shows what they are. #
Mr. WADE. I do not care whether they are
white or red; they are civilized people,'and are
entitled to the protection of law, let them be what
color they may.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him how far it is from the seat of gov-
ernment of the State of Michigan up to the settle-
ments on Lake Superior, or from Pembina to Yanc-
ton ?
Mr. WADE. It is not necessary to know that.
The people there are organized, having regular
courts holding their sessions, and seats of justice
as convenient as anywhere else. For Stale pur-
poses, 1 think it a little absurd that they should
come to Detroit, and I think it will result ulti-
mately in the formation of a new State there on
account of that inconvenience. But then that has
nothing to do with this question; nor am I an-
swering the question of distance. It makes no
difference; the two cases are entirely unlike.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator from Ohio
will permit me, I will say that there is no analogy
between the people resident in the State of Mich-
igan and those of Arizona. It is true a portion
of the people of Michigan may be a long distance
from the capital and from the seat of government;
but they have railroad and water facilities, and it
is perfectly safe for them to leach it. In Arizona
if a man wants to go to the seat of government
he docs it at the risk of his life, crossing a desert
on horseback among hostile Indians. The dis-
tance is much greater, and there is no analogy be-
tween the two cases whatever.
Mr. WADE. None at all, sir; and nobody can
be decetved by thatargument,or by the attempted
analogy. There is no analogy. The question is
whether these peopleare entitled to the protection
of law, which they have not now, and which they
cannot have unless you organize them into a Ter-
ritory.
But I am in favor of this measure even as a mat-
ter of policy; and 1 should just as lief put it on
that ground as any other. The Senator says that
to organize a territorial government and send offi-
cers there will give no protection. It will not in
a military point of view, that I know of, any more
than that when a community is regulated by law
and regularly organized, it is stronger than when
it is in an entirely unorganized state. There is
nodoubtabout that. The Territory is now inour
possession. There are no hostile troops there.
The enemy has been entirely driven out. It is
under our protection, and it ought to remain under
our protection. Resides, sir, it is the policy of
tl^is Governmentto make iteasy and safe foremi-
grants to go there, and to protect them by law
after they get there. The richest mineral country
in the wot Id, we are told, should not be organized
so that the American people can feel safe and be
under the protection of law when they go there.
The Senator thinks, because we have a civil war
on our hands, we ought to give up everything.
The civil war does not affect us in the free States
very much yet. Thank God, I do not think it
ever will.
Let me say to the Senator right here that I do
not like this croaking about civil war. It cer-
tainly has not pinched the toes of the northern
people much yet. Not a single inch of our soil
has been trod upon by a hostile foot. The north-
ern people were never more prosperous, even in a
material point of view, than they are to-day; and
yet gentlemen tell us how we are struggling for
our existence. My God! if we were struggling
for our existence and there was any doubt about
it, we should deserve to die. 'We are strong
enough to put down all opposition; and if we are
so inefficient and so cowardly that we cannot pro-
tect our rights, we ought to be overrun. There
is no comparison between tiie strength of the foe
and our strength. There is no neeu of croaking
here about the troubles of the country. I know
we are involved in a vexatious war, and an ex-
pensive war; but it does not imperil our institu-
tions or our individual rights, and there is no dan-
ger from it, not the least in the world. It would
be undignified for us to yield to any such consid-
eration as that, and not to do precisely what we
would do if no war was on our hands.
Are we to be told that we must not organize our
Territories, that we must not develop our wealth,
because we are involved in civil war? Why, air,
if we could be agreed in fighting out the enemy
the war would be a mere mosquito bite, and there
would be nothing of it. [Laughter.] Do you
talk of a war and of our struggling for existence
with a foe that never has been on your soil, and
never will? Not a single inch of your territory
has been invaded; your women have never seen
the smoke of an enemy 'scamp; and yet you would
not organize Territories because you are involved
in war. Sir, I see no reason for failing to do now
for the country, developing all its resources, or-
ganizing all its Territories, just as I would do if
there was no war, and no apprehension of war.
There is a greater necessity for it now. If our
expenses are great, so should be our assiduity in
developing our resources to meet any exigencies
that may arise; and that so far from its being a
reason against this measure, it is an additional
reason why we should do it.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to labor this
thing. I knowthatthisTerritoryknocksat your
door with every element that has formerly in-
duced Congress to admit organized Territories,
and more abundant than anyone that I know of.
It contains more population, with a greater terri-
tory, and there is more necessity for its organiza-
tion, and the greater need consequently for doing
it. Why should we not do it? Because we arc
engaged m a war," struggling for our existence,"
and we may be overthrown? Away with such
doctrines and such notions. They are unworthy
of the American Senate. There is no danger-
there is nothing that should lead us to deviate a
hair's breadth, in consequence of this civil war,
from what we would do if we had no war on our
hands. I trust we shall organize this Territory
and not postpone this bill; and on that subject I
demand the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, ltis moved that
this bill be indefinitely postponed; and on that
question the yeas and nays are requested.
The yea« and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. 1 agree with the Senator
from Ohio, that as a matter of duty, of principle,
and of policy, we should recognize this Territory
and organize it now. By the treaty with Mexico
by which we acquired it, we engaged to give to
the citizens who came under our jurisdiction the
protection of our laws. It is true, the last census^
shows that but comparatively few of the citizens of
this Territory are American-born citizens, some
two or three thousand, 1 think.
Mr. COLLAMER. Two or tiiree thousand
whites.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not whites; butthe larger
portion of the citizens of this Territory are citi-
zens who were citizens of Mexico when we ac-
quired the Territory.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will permit me,
I will state that I am informed there is a consider-
able emigration from California into this Terri-
tory, and I have no doubt it is true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But, Mr. President, al-
though it may be said that a large majority of the
citizens of this Territory are Mexican-born citi-
zens, are Mexicans, part Indians,part Spaniards,
as I suppose 
Mr. COLLAMER. There are but two thou-
sand whites altogether.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand those to be
American-born citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The census
shows that the numberof whitesin the Territory
proposed to be formed is 2,421; of free colored
persons, 21; of Indians, 4,040. It includes all the
Mexicans in the 2,421, and the aggregate popu-
lation is 6,482.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 anderstand those to be
American-burn citizens.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not so stated. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Docs it state how many
American-born citizens there are in Arizona?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It speaks of them as
whites, and then says how the population is made
up. They are divided into three classes: Indi-
ans, whites, and negroes. The Mexicans, I take
it, come under the denomination of whites.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Mexicans do not alto-
