1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
fffther come trnder the denomination of whites.
There are three distinct classes of the Mexican
population: a portion of them, the Puebla Indi-
ans, as they are called, who are civilized. There
are also the wild Indians, who are entirely un-
civilized, savages. 1 understand that under the
constitution of Mexico the Puebla Indians, those
Who live in towns and villages and cultivate the
soil, and are not nomadic, wild, and wandering
tribes, are embraced as a portion of the citizens
of the Mexican republic; and they, by our treaty
with Mexico, are made citizens of the United
States.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you not suppose they
are included in the term whites?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not suppose they are
included under the word whites. I suppose the
word •* whites" is intended to include American-
born citizens who have gone into that Territory,
mainly from California. But these Puebla Indi-
ans, as they are denominated, are a portion of the
Mexican population, and are by our treaty with
Mexico made citizens of the United States, and
we are under obligation to give protection to them
as citizens. Now, sir, how arc they situated?
The main portion of this population is six orseven
hundred or almost a thousand miles from the seat
of government in New Mexico. They have to
cross over mountains, through large tribes of wild
Indians, and are in danger of being utteily de-
stroyed m passing fiom this portion of the great
Territory of New Mexico to the seat of govern-
ment of that Territory.
Mr. President, there is another consideration
which I confess presses pretty strongly upon my
mind. It is well known that the traitors, the eon-
federates, as they style themselves, have been
trying to organize what they cull the territorial
government of Arizona. If we, who are under
obligations to afford protection to these citizens,
utterly abandon them practically to themselves,
give them no government, no protection, and the
confederates organize a territorial government for
Arizona, and send their agents end officers into
that neighborhood, the influence they will exert
over that population and those persons who are
citizens of the United States may be very delete-
rious to our cause. Although it costs us some-
thing to send officers to this Territory, yet if we
send officers there, it is to be presumed they will
be friends to the Government of the United States,
and they will exeicise a strong influence in that
Territory andamongthat people in keeping them
loyal to the Government of the United States.
That, [confess, is one of the strongest arguments
which operates on my mind. I shall support the
bill, and shall vote against the motion to postpone
it indefinitely.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I am of the
opinion that Arizona should be formed into a ter-
ritorial government. I have no doubt that such
is the condition of the people of that Territory
that in otder to have their lives,liberty, and prop-
erty justly protected, we should extend this ter-
ritorial government to them. I think it would
tend greatly to develop all their resources, agri-
cultuial and mineral. I really think it is a duty
vve owe to those people to give them the protec-
tion of a territorial government, i will say to
the tieimtors who are in favor of this bill that I
tshall vote for it most cheerfully, and I believe
most of the Senators on this side of the Chamber
will also support it if they will take out of it the
third ction. I cannot vote for this bill, and 1
know there are many gentlemen on this side of
the Chamber who will not, who otherwise desire
to vote for it, with the third section in it. We
believe that it will be an infringement on the con-
stitutional rights of the people there to pass this
bill with that section m it; and it seems to me it
was very impolitic in those who have the bill in
charge to insert that section in it. Uncertainly
an innovation upon the policy of the government
in forming terntonal governments in late years
at least. As an individual, 1 do not believe that
shfvery iy going into the Territory of Auzona.
I do not think it will. The third section of the
bill prohibits it, and with that section in it I can-
not vote for the bill. With that section out I
shall most chceifully vote for the bill, because I
do believe a temrorinl government should be
established thou*; but I do not see why we can-
not leave the people of this Territory as we have
left others, organized of late yeats, to control that
institution as they please, without any interfer-
ence of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have here an esti-
mate of the inhabitants of theTeriitory proposed
to be organized, furnished me by the Delegate from
New Mexico. There are six thousand whites,
two thousand of them American-born citizens;
four thousand civilized Indians, and from fifteen
to twenty thousand wild Indians. I hope that
Senators, in casting their votes on this question,
will look to the population, and not be deceived.
This is a question in which the constituency 1
represent feel a great deal of interest. We are
very anxious, indeed, to have this Territory or-
ganized for our protection and for the development
of the mineral wealth of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the indefinite postponement of the bill; on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 26; as follows:
YJSA8—Messrs. Curlilc, Claik. CoJIamer, Davis, Fessen-
den, Giimc*, Henderson, Kennedy, Powell, itichardson,
SauMmry,Tiumbull. Tuipte, and Wilson of Mij-souh—14
NAYfc?—Messii. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Cow.m,
J)i\on, Doohule, Foot, FcWci, Italian, Ham-., Hicks,
Howaid, Ilovve, Lane ol J mhana. Lane of Kan^.is, Latham,
Mori ill, PveMOith, Potueroy, Iticc, Sherman, Sumnei, Ten
Ewk, Wade, Wilkinson, and WiUon of Massachusetts
—2G.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is, " Shall the bill pass ?" The yeas and nays
have been ordered on that question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
| resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
} YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Cowan,
; Dixon, DnolntJo, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Harris Hicks,
i Howard. Howe, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas Latham,
Mo,nil. N<\-imih, Pomeroy, Sunnier, Ten Eyek, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmoi, .ind Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
NAYS—Moms. Carhle, Clark, Collanier, Davis Fca-
MMiden, Clinic*, Kennedy, Powell, Saulrfbuiy, TiumbuII,
Turpie, and Wilson of Mi^ouri—12.
So the bill was passed.
CORPORATIONS IN NEVADA.
Mr. LATHAM. I, move that all prior orders
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 512. It will take
but a moment, and I am sure I have asked for as
little of the time and attention of the Senate this
session as any gentleman on this floor.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 512) to disapprove of the twenty-
sixth section of the act of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Nevada, and for other pur-
poses. It disapproves and declares null and void
section twenty-six of an act of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Terntoiy of Nevada entitled "An
act to provide for the formation of corporations for
ceitnin piuposes," approved December 20, 1862,
that section being as follows:
u Skc. 2t>. Ail corporations heretofore formed underlie
provisions of acts ot incorporation m other Plates or Ter-
ritories, and holding or owning propertj* within this Terri-
tory ol snelr ehaiaeter as specified in section tiist of this
act, and managed by a board or boards or nusrees or direct-
or.-, mid having iheir principal place of business outride the
11nets of tins Ton itory, are hereby teqmied to remove their
piai ess ol business, principal office's books, and papers, here-
tofore kept, or nccess.iry for the transaction of such bu^i-
ni'ss. to some point to be designated by said eoiporation
within the limits of tins Territory within six months after
the passage ot this act, or otherwise Mich corporation or
coipoidtions shall be disrejjaukd in law as a corporation,
and tire eoipoiators or stockholders thereof be treated as
tenants m common, or joint owners of such propeity so
owned or held within thi-? Territory. Any corporation, by
filing and leeordins* its certificate of incorporation, or a cer-
tified copy thereof, with the Secretary ot the Territory, and
with the eic: k or the county in wmeh such eorpotauon may
locate as the piineipal place of business, and I uliy comply-
in«r with all the provisions of tins act, shall be deemed suf-
ficient to entitle such corporation to all the rights and priv-
ileges under tire provision of this act."
The second section piovides that all incorpo-
rated companies, duly organized within any State
or Territory of the United States, may sue and
be sued, plead and be impleaded, in the several
eouits of the Territory of Nevada, anything m
the laws of the Teiritory to the contrary notwith-
standing.  
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the thud time, and passed.
COURTS IX THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Mr. HARRIS The bill to reorganize the courts
in the District of Columbia was postponed till to*
day, and I move that the Senate resume the con-
sideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 359)
remodeling the courts of the District of Columbia.
Mr, NESMITH. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 546.
Mr. HARRIS. I h&penot. Letusfinish this
judiciary bill.
Mr. NESMITH. Well, I will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. HARRIS. Since this bill was last under
consideration I have taken some pains to ascertain
the sentiment of the bar of this city as much as I
was able to do in a short time, and the result is
what is manifested by a memorial which I pre-
sented this morning;, that while the bar, I think,
are inclined to acquiesce in the general reform
proposed by this bill, they would prefer that for
the present, at least, the orphans' court should
remain as it is. In view of that fact, as 1 do not
design to be extravagant or radical in a change of
this kind, I will move a reconsideration of a sec-
tion which was adopted abolishing the orphans'
court. It was a section that 1 proposed withoUt
consulting the Judiciary Committee, and I, there-
fore, feel at liberty to move to reconsider it with-
out consulting them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate reconsider its vote adopting the
section abolishing the orphans5 court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on adopting the section named by the Sen-
ator from New York.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The following
amendment to the bill is now pending, to insert
as a new .section:
JinJ beit fui thci eiuicteil, That the couit to be oiganiZCd
under the provisions of this net maj by order at general
term assign one: of then justices to petfoim the duties of a
piobate or otphans' court.
Mr. HARRIS. That section falls with the
other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That proposed
amendment is withdrawn. The bill is now in the
Senate and is now open to amendment.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move to strike out the first
section of the bill after the enacting clause, and
to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That an additional justice be added to the circuit court
of the Pu-triet ot Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the reading of the section proposed
to be stricken out ?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. PO WELL. The Senator from New ^ork,
who presented this bill, as the organ of the Judi-
ciary Committee, disclaims the intention by this
bill to get rid of the present judges. The amend-
ment I have offered will test the sincerity of Sen-
ators on that subject. I cannot conceive of any
other necessity for the passage of this bill, or the
larger portion of it at least, than to get rid of the
present judges of the circuit court. The bill adds
nothing to the juusdiction of the court to be estab-
lished under it. One of the sections in the bill de-
scribes that it shall have the same jurisdiction and
hold the courts at the same time and place as the
j circuit court does. I admit there are one or two
I other sections of the bill, the one touching justices,
' and perhaps some others, that do give them some-
, tlnng additional, but all that could have been ac-
complished without reorganizing this court. Itis
competent for Congress so to amend the present
| law as to give the circuit court all the additional
j jurisdiction proposed by this bill.
i The Senator provides for four justices of what
1 he calls the supreme court of the District of Co-
i lumbia, I believe. If that is what is desired, the
i amendment that I propose will give an additional
; justice to the circuit court; so that that objection
I will be obviated. That amendment beins adopted,
; if the Senator from New York then desires to
! press his bill, each section that gives them any
I additional security or prescribes any rules for the
| court that the Senate might think pioper to pre-
; scribe, can be passed. The effect of the bill, and
