1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the only immediate effect it will have, will be to
reorganize the courtand turn the present judges of
the court out of office. That is the effect it will
have; and notwithstanding the disclaimer of Sen-
ators, plain practical men will think that that was
the object. 1 can see no necessity for passing this
bill unless that is the object.
Mr. President, in times like these of great in-
ternal commotion, when those whoare called rad-
ical are trying to overthrow many of the settled
institutions of the country, I think they should
not lay their ax at the root of the judiciary.
Adopt this system, and what will be the effect?
Set this precedent, and every incoming Congress,
perhaps, will pass a bill baptizing the courts by
some other name, and turning the judges out und
putting in partisan favorites. That will be the
effect; and 1 am astonished that so grave a Senator
as the honorable Senator from New York should
make such a radical blow at the judiciary of the
country, of which he has been an honored mem-
ber in his own State.
We should place the judges beyond temptation.
A judge should know no man, but should hold
the balance evenly and squarely. He should not
be subject to be turned out or put into office by
conventions and parties. Whenever you do that
you degrade the judiciary; you putathazard the
dearest interests of the people. But, sir, the Sen-
aiorfrom New Yoik disclaims any such purpose.
If his object is not to turn out the present judges,
let him strike from this bill all the sections of it
that do turn them out, and retain the others, and
he will have effected his object. If the object is
to have fourjustices instead of three, the number
of which the circuit court of the District is now
composed, you can by law add a fourth, you can
by law, if you choose, make one the chief justice,
and perhaps that is the law now. If you desire
the court to have additional jurisdiction, you can
provide for it by law; but the additional juiisdic-
tion that is given by this bill is a mere bagatelle;
it amounts really to nothing. If you desire to
prescribe rules and lobulations for appeals, as is
done in this bill, pass a provision of that kind,
and let the circuit judges of the District execute
the law. All this'can be done without passing
this bill as it is. The Senator can have an addi-
tional justice of the court, and if he wants the
name of the -court changed without turning out
the circuit judges, I suppose he can very easily
get a law passed saying that hereafter the circuit
court shall be called the supreme court. The
name is nothing. In my judgment, the object of
those who got up the bill is by legislation to turn
out the present judges. That is the chief effect,
that is the main object of the bill, because every-
thing else can be accomplished without it.
The circuit court, as I understand, was organ-
ized in 1801. It has existed in the District of Co-
lumbia from that day to this. Amidst all the
changes of parties none have legislated the judges
of that court out of office. It is left for this day
and hour, when radicalism seems to be rampant,
throughout the land, when the object seems to be
to ovei throw and upset all the settled policy of the
country.
In my judgment, Mr. President, it is manifestly
improper jn this way to get judges out of office
whose tenure under the law is that of good be-
havior. If you have an incompetent judge im-
peach him, turn him out in the mode prescribed
by law; but do not resort to this mode, which
wiii make your judiciary in this District, in all
after time, should tins precedent be followed, sub-
ject to the pai ty whims of those who may occupy
seats here and in the other end of the Capitol.
The policy is utterly wrong. It is destructive of
every conservative principle. It will not do for
the Senator from New York to say that he wishes
to correct abuses, because every provision in his
bill that provides anything that is not the law as
it now stands, can be passed anu made applicable
to the judges of the circuit court as it exists. If
the Senator thinks that cannot he done, just let
him stand out of the way while we amend the bill,
and we shall show him that we can put in every
provision that he desires which is not in the ex-
isting law,other than that of removing thejudges.
The'ohject is too manifest.
It was not my purpose, Mr. President, to enter
into any lengthy discussion of the bill, but I could
not allow such a measure to pass, fraught, in my
judgment, with such danger to the great interests
of the country, without entering my feeble^pro-
test against it. If the amendment that I have moved
shall be adopted I shall then propose others, and
shall move to strike out other sections, so as to
retain in the bill every feature which the Senator
from New York has in it that in my judgment
will promote the best interests of thespublic. Pass
a law to regulate proceedings in the court, if you
wish them changed; add to their jurisdiction, if
you please; but do not lay a ruthless hand in this
indirect manner on judges who hold their offices
by the tenure of good behavior.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel no interest'personally in
this bill or m the judges who will be affected by
it, if it shall pass. I am frank to say that if I pos-
sessed the appointing power and was now to fill
the circuit court of the District of Columbia, I do
not believe that I would nominate either of the
incumbents in office. Rut, sir, nevertheless, lam
inflexibly opposed to the passage of the bill, and
I will proceed to give some reasons for my oppo-
sition.
The men who founded ourGovernment thought
they had discovered a great principle ma written
constitution, a fixed and inflexible law of the Gov-
ernment; and they thought, furthermore, that they
had discovered another important principle in the
distiibution of all the powers of the Government
among three coordinate and independent depart-
ments, as far independent as it was probably prac-
ticable to make them. I have had some experi-
ence m legislative bodies, and I have had some
knowledge of the action of legislative bodies and
executive officers in relation to great constitutional
principles; and the result of all my experience is,
that a written constitution so far as it forms any
restriction upon those departments is of but little
value indeed. Whenever there is a motive and
an object to be effected by a disregard of the con-
stitution, and that object is within the compass of
the legislative or executive branch of any Gov-
ernment, Federal or State, I have found that the
restrictions of the constitution formed a very
small and insufficient hairier to the will of the
department of the Government that was about to
act upon the subject.
Now, sir, 1 am, notwithstanding, old fogy
enough to put a very high estimate on a written
constitution. I believe it to be a most valuable
mode of oiganism in the science of government.
But this appreciation is founded chiefly upon the
other attendant principle, the partition of the
powers of government among three coordinate
tranches, and especially upon the judicial branch,
its structure and powers. In our Government it
has the authority to adjudge and decide all cases
and questions that may " arise under the Consti-
tution, the laws of the United States," &c., and
to that extent, it is the power designed and pro-
vided to hold the legislative and executive branches
within the limits imposed upon them. Laws of
Congress transcending its constitutional power
the judiciary pronounces to be null and void; and
all acts of the President or any other executive
officer inflicting damage on any citizen it redresses
as a trespass. Its judgments of the law for the
punishment of crime fall equally upon all delin-
quents, from the gutter to the halls of legislation
and the executive mansion.
The depository of these great and most import-
ant powers was not left by the wise men who made
our Constitution to be provided by the mutable
legislation of Congress, but was established by
and in the Constitution itself, and declared to be
" one Supreme Court, and such inferior courts as
the Congress may from time to time ordain and
establish." Their independence was guarantied
by this clause:
" The judges, both of the Supreme and inferior courts,
shall hold their offices dxiriug good behavior, and shall, at
stated time*, receive for their services a compensation,
which -.halt not be diminished during their continuance in
office."
Those judges are not, however, irresponsible;
hut they can be removed from their offices only
in one mode, by impeachment, which is declared
and regulated, also, by the Constitution. Charges
against a judge have to be preferred to the Senate
by the House of Representatives; and each Sen-
ator is required to take an oath as a judge of the
case, and two thirds of those present must con-
cur in the truth and sufficiency of the charges to
produce an amotion of the judge under trial from
office.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. How about
the territorial judges?
Mr. DAVIS. The territorial judges are not
constitutional officers, holding their offices during
good behavior; but they are created by actof Con-
gress, and are of temporary existence. A Terri-
tory is an inchoate State, but when admitted as a
State into the Union, and created into a district,
and a judge is appointed for it, that judg£ then
becomes a constitutional officer, and holds his
place by the constitutional tenure during his good
behavior.
Mr. President^some gentlemen in this Cham-
ber have expressed their distrust of the Supreme
Court, and theirdesire to have it abolished, or, at
least, its permanent character destroyed. If the
independence of that tribunal could be and was
to be subverted, and the judges who compose it
were brought to the feet of the legislative and ex-
ecutive departments, 1 should deem that the Gov-
ernment would soon lose all stability, justice,
principle, and limitation; and its perpetuity would
not be worth a half hour's struggle. This court
I hold to be the sheet-anchor, the ballast of the
Government, and the last and best hope of the
American people. So thought and so designed
the Convention that formed the Constitution, and
therefore they gave that illustrious tribunal all the
permanence and independence with which it was
safe to invest power in the hands of man.
Mr. President, [Mr. Poster in the chair,] yoa
are a lawyer, a man of ability in your profession,
as well as of statesmanship. The value of the
principle which I have just stated is estimated no
more highly by any member of the American Sen-
ate than it is by you. Now,sir, 1 ask you what is
proposed to be done ? Gentlemen may make what
dischumors they please, but I venture to assert
that if the incumbents of the court in this Dis-
trict, that is now proposed to be abolished, were
Republicans, and a Democrat or a man who was
not a Republican in his politics filled the office of
President of the United States, this majority of
Republicans in the Senate would never pass this
bill to remove by a mode, different from impeach-
ment and more certain, the incumbents from office,
and thus open the way for a Democratic President
to fill their places. 1 make no peculiar reflection
upon the Republican party in stating that propo-
sition; it embodies our nature; it belongs to our
common humanity. No party placed in that state
of case, constituting a majority in the Senate
with a proposition before them to abolish a court,
the effect of which would be to remove their own
friends from office when there was a man of dif-
ferent politics filling the position of President,
would vote for the abolition of the court—I do not
care what the party might be called. The effect,
the purpose is to remove the judges from office, to
legislate them out, not to remove them by im-
peachment, not to bring them to the test of the
legitimate constitutional and approved mode of
amotion from office. The honorable Senator who
introduced this bill disclaims any purpose on his
part that has any affinity to a desire to remove the
judges from office. I shall not take issue with
the honorable Senator upon that proposition.
What he declares, I have no disposition to take
issue upon in relation to himself; but it is not
true, and cannot be true as to others.
Senators cannot blink the position that the sole
purpose of this bill is to remove from office judges
who are not acceptable to the majoi ity, and against
whem there exists no grounds for which the Con-
stitution allows a judge to be displaced from of-
fice. If such grounds do exist, they would be
sufficient for impeachment; and that, the only con-
stitutional mode of removing a judge, would be
resorted to by the majority, as it was at the last
session of Congress in the case of Judge Hum-
phreys, of Tennessee. Conceding that Congress
may, from time to time, abolish inferiorcourts, and
the circuit court of this District as one of them, to
introduce a better system, there is not the sem-
blance of such a reason for the present bill. The
single naked purpose is to displace the judges
—to do by party legislation what the Constitu-
tion allows to be done only by impeachment, and
which flagrantly infracts its spirit if not its letter.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. In the Territory of Min-
nesota there was an application made during the
