1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
execution,butal so such property as may be reached
by creditors* bill; for instance, choses in action.
1 do not wish to reserve those or prevent them
from being assigned or taken by bankrupt pro-
ceedings. So of dues, demands, and mortgages
—I want everything to be covered which you can
now take in a creditors' suit by judgment and ex-
ecution or by creditors' bill following. I do not
want your bankrupt proceedings to go any further
than that, for you would be involved in intermin-
able difficulty, and the law, in my opinion, would
not last any longer than until the next Congress
came together, if you should pass it. I will write
outa substitute for the amendment. I understand
the Senator from California intends to submit
some remarks upon the general subject of the
bankrupt bill. He can do so now, if he desires to
do so; and I will prepare the amendment in the
mean time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will not now engage m
the general discussion of this measure; but while
the Senator from Wisconsin is preparing his
amendment so as to exactly present his views, 1
will say a few words as to the policy of the amend-
ment; also as to its constitutionality; and 1 do
this now, so that time may not be "lost to Sena-
tors. I propose on another occasion to moie par-
ticularly express my views upon the full subject
before the Senate.
Mr. President, ever since the time I arrived at
years of discretion I have been convinced that a
measure of the kind proposed was demanded by
sound public policy. Permit me to say that be-
fore 1 had learned to know that either Roman,
Continental, English, or American law provided
such a remedy as is now proposed, I had felt that
some such law was a necessity m any country
where men dared engage in the adventures which
pertain to commerce. The impressions, instincts,
jf you please, of young observation, ha\e grown
upon me with years of more full observation. I
have observed tl^j experience of States, our own
as well as transatlantic States. I have exam-
ined the question with the full strength of my
ability in its abstract and its concrete forms, and
while I do not propose to engage in the discussion
of the general question, 1 desire it to lie distinctly
understood, and 1 desire it to be understood by
the friends of the measure, that I legard it as one
demanded by our country and this age. To deny
to the demands of the counti y a national law of
the nature of the one proposed, would be the next
thing to a lelapse into barbarism. It is a great
fault of our Govei nnieiit that the provision of our
Constitution authorizing, and by the same term
advising, a uniform bankrupt law has not been
carried either into the piovisions of careful legis-
lation or uilo the forms of sound practice, fshall
have something to say in the maintenance of this
opinion hereafter; for the present,! propose only
to speak of the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, from the stand-point of a filend of the
measu re.
I will address myself first to the policy of the
amendment, and then a word as to the construc-
tion of the term, "a uniform bankrupt law."
The policy of securing homesteads to families
is one that has been discussed extensively through-
out this whole country. After much discussion,
it has been adopted, and become the peimanent
policy of many States—the permanent policy of
nearly all the States in the West. While I have
not myself been an ardent advocate of any such
policy, nor do I know that 1 have been an advocate
of it at all, it has met the general approbation of the
American people, east,west, south ,and north; and
the homestead policy may now be regarded as a
policy of the country. The Fedeial Government
grants her domain that men may make upon it
permanent homes exempt from process of law.
in many of the States the amount of land ni ces-
sary for a fanner to maintain his family out of the
fruits of the ground is preserved to him, that lie
may be able to support them, and not leave them
in indigence. In cities and towns the dwelling-
house of the family has been preserved. After
having been at one time, I may say, adverse to
that policy, I have come to behove it sound pol-
icy, for nothing adds so much to the wealth of a
nation as fixed, established homes. The strength
of England is in her homes. The woids put into
the mouth of Rob Roy, My loot is on my nati\ e
heath, and my name is McGiegor;5' the myth
of Antceus, who when his feet rested upon the
earth could lift the heavens, are instructive ex-
pressions of the same thought.
The policy of preserving homesteads to fami-
lies has been established, and they are protected
now against final process upon judgments in the
State and Federal courts. An execution in favor
of a creditor will not run against a homestead. If
by virtue of this legislation you puss a bill which
will enable a single creditor to come in, file his
petition, and have a party declared a bankrupt,
and seize his home, the law cannot be maintained,
as the Senator from Wisconsin has said, for a
single year. The first thing that will be done next
session will be to repeal it from the statute-book,
if the law is to take what will not be taken by
judgment and execution either by State or Fed-
eral law, U cannot be maintained as a law. Of the
many reasons why the law of 1841 was so unpop-
ular, this is one: that it did not accommodate it-
self to the remedies furnished by State law, which
govern the remedies that arc furnished by the
Federal courts.
The policy of the amendment, I take it, cannot
be questioned. Its policy is recognized by the
English law; for both by the statute of George
11, and the statute of George IV, provision is ex-
pressly made not merely for the support of the
family pending litigation, but there is also an
allowance of from three hundred to six hundred
pounds to enable the party to engage in pursuits
of honest industry. A similar piovision existed
in the law of lb'00. We are not more liberal in
this provision than was England when she un-
dertook the 1'beral policy of enabling a bankrupt
debtor to pin sue some honest calling for the main-
tenance of his family after his accounts have been
adjusted in the courts of bankruptcy. I am not,
however, at i!ns point of the discussion, disposed
to enter into the poln.y of the measure. The policy
is paten t to every man who k news any thing about
the condition of the count) y, and how the coun-
try will icbeI at n different law from what obtains
m favor of creditors now, more stringent, depriv-
ing them of the means of present living, depriv-
ing them of their homes, where they have a home
protected, and the opportunity for the future main-
tenance of themselves and families.
A question is raised as to the power of Congress
to thus modify the bill, it is said that this must be
a uniform bankrupt law, and so it must; but what
does a unifoi m banki upt law mean ? Dues it mean
that it shall op< rate in the same way upon all in-
dividuals5 Does it mean that it shall ope) ate ni
the same way upon all communities' That is not
th<* necessary signification of the term aecoiding
to any tule of mterpietation. 1 understand it
to mean umfoimity of design as also of method.
There is a uniform right of parties debtors to peti-
tion ; a uniform right of parties creditors to petition;
. a umfoiin mode of administration. You do not
propose by tijis bill itself to operate alike upon all
i ndi vi duals. 1 n one of the sections you provide that
the amount of property set apart shall depend upon
the numbei and the condition of the family; that
is, the mechanic will have set apai t to him so much,
with the wearing appan I necessary for his family;
the merchant in the Fifth avenue will have so much
set apart to him in pnqun tion to the condition and
number of his family. The citizen debtor is not
treated alike in the same manner in either case,
depending upon his status in society, his mode
of liwng, and the mode in which his family has
lived. Then, again, you come to a subsequent
section of the bill m i elation to the distribution
of the percentage where it depends upon circum-
stances. A certain percentage is assigned m a
certain case, and a different percentage m another
different ^ase. Then, when you come to pay the
expenses out of the assets, how is it governed?
J3y the general law of the States. The assignees
receive their compensation—how ' Accotdmg to
the amount of prov ibion made for the marshals in
the se\eial districts where the assignees act. It
is well known to every Senator that the rule of
compensation for a marshal is not the same in
Massachusetts that it is in California; the grades
of compensation wiry. Three or five hundred
dolhus allowed to a party m Connecticut might
be as much as fifteen hundred or two thousand
dollars m some other portion of the country; and
therefore there is a different rule of compensation
provided for in this bill.
Now, what I desire to say is this: that uniform-
ity does n.ot mean uniformity m the particular of
administration, but uniformity in giving acommon
right to every citizen, creditor or debtor, and the
same mode of administration, and then a common
right to seize everything subject by the existing
and standard law to seizure. That law of seizure
is properly a local law, and belongs to the States.
It has been so recognized in the practice of the
Federal Government since the Government was
organized; and why? If by the laws of a State%
a piece of property is exempt from execution, it
is not the foundation of a credit. There may be
a different rule as to what is subject to seizure in
Illinois and whatis^bjectto seizure in Ohio; but
the man who trusHris bound to understand the
general public law on this subject. He is bound
to know what he may seize by execution and
judgment. The only trouble has been in regard to
these local State bankrupt laws, which the courts
themselves liave not understood, and which it is
impossible for a lawyer in New York to interpret
as against a justico in California, if you please.
There is no common rules of decision. It is a
matter changingfrom day to day as judges change.
Whatis wanted is uniformity simply in the method
of carrying out the law,t\mformity of right in all
parties.
In California, we have a homestead law, and
every citizen has a right to go there and pursue
his remedy, and the law would be uniform, just as
it is uniformity if the assignee takes marshal's
pay, and it is three times as much as it is in Con-
necticut. lie takes a larger compensation. In Cal-
ifornia, he might require a larger distribution. I
will not say that that would be uniform, but I say
that "uniformity" does not mean by its exact
term everything or all things the same.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me, I wish to ask him one question. I will
ask him whether he understands the word " um-
foi m" in the phrase " uniform system of bank-
ruptcy," contained m the Constitution, to mean
any thing more than that there shall be one for the
whole United States, instead of having one for
evei y State ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is all it means. 1
concur with my learned friend that that is just
what it means, m my judgment, and that isabout
as good a statementof theaigumentas I can make.
1 have said all I desire to say at present.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PKISONEUS.
Mr. WRIGi-IT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up temporarily ihe bill reported by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in
relat ion to the discharge of State prisoners, in or-
der that it may be made the order of the day for
to-morrow at one o'clock. I desire to be ht;ard on
that subject. At the close of my remarks I shall
move to take up the bankrupt bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved by
the Senator from Indiana that the further consid-
eration of the bill now before the Senate be post-
poned, and that the bill (H. R No. 3G^) to pro-
vide for the discharge ofSute prisoners and others,
and to authorize the judges of the United States
courts to take bail or recognizances to secure the
trial of the same, be taken up.
Mr. WRIGliT. 1 am not understood. I ask
the indulgence of the Senate, now, simply that
that bill may be made the order of the day for
to-monow at erne o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on postponing the further consideration of
the bill before the Senate, and taking up the bill
referred to by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that, by unan-
imous consent, the bankrupt bill be laid aside a
moment to enable the Senator from Indiana to
move that the bill indicated by him be made the
special otder fo-i to-morrow, at one o'clock, as I
undeistand he is then prepared to submit some
remaiks upon it.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. If there be no
objection by any Senator, that course will be pur-
sued, and the question will be, will the Senate or-
der the bill (H. R. No. 30-) to provide for the
discharge of State prisoners and otheis, and to
authorize the judges of the United St.Ues courts
to take bail or recognizances to secuie the trial of
the same, to be made the special order for to-
morrow at one o'clock ?
Mr. FOSTER. As I understand the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, he desires to make
some remarks upon that bill, and at the close of
