1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
administration ofMr. Fillmore to remove the chief
justice of that Territory. It was referred to the
Attorney General, Mr. Crittenden, and Mr. Crit-
tenden wrote an elaborate opinion, holding that
the President had the power to remove the chief
justice of the Territory of Minnesota, though un-
der the organic act of that Territory he was ap-
pointed for four years. Now 1 ask the Senator
from Kentucky, if that opinion of Mr. Crittenden,
as Attorney General, was good law, why will not
that principle apply to the judges of the District
of Columbia ?
Mr. GRIMES. And the dwision was acted
upon.
Mr. WILKINSON. The decision was acted
upon, and .the chief justice was removed by Mr.
Fillmore.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator's ques-
tion, and I will bring up several other matters as
I go along. Since I have read enough to form an
opinion in relation to the subject, I have always
held the principle—and I still hold it—that where
an office is filled by the nomination of the Presi-
dent, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
the President has no power to remove the incum-
bent from that office unless with the concurrence
of the Senate, also. I had occasion to investigate
that principle in the year 1842, when I was a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, upon one of
Mr. Spencer's appointments. Mr. Spencer's pre-
decessor appointed a man by the name of Sylves-
ter to an office, and that appointment was con-
firmed by the Senate. Sylvester was removed by
Mr. Spencer,and he senta memorial to the House
of Representatives claiming his office because the
Senate had not concurred in his amotion from
office. A select committee was raised, of which
I had the honor of being appointed the chairman.
I made an elaborate report on the subject, which
maybe found in the reports of 1842, and I brought
forward most distinct and emphatic authority of
Mr. Webster, of Mr. Calhoun, and of Mr. Clay
in favor of that position.
Now, I have two answers to the question of the
honorable Senator from Minnesota. One is, that
in that case, according to my principle of the
Constitution on the pointof the power ofrcmoval,
as I adopted and borrowed that principle from
Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay and Mr. Calhoun,
the judge was improperly removed, and could not
be properly removed except by the concurrence
of the Senate. But I will state the difference be-
tween that case and this, if the Senator will hear
me through. I should be obliged to him if he
would first hear mc through before he propounds
any other question.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want to state a fact; I
do not wish to ask any other question. I wish to
state simply that it was understood at the time,
and 1 believe correctly, that Mr. Webster also
sustained the President in removing Judge Good-
rich from the bench in Minnesota.
Mr. DAVIS, Here is the difference between
the case of the judge to which the honorable Sen-
ator refers ami the case of the judges in this Dis-
trict: the office there was created by a law of
Congress, and temporary; it was for four years;
the offices of the circuit judges of the United States
courts in this Dishict.and mall the districts of
the United States, are constitutional offices, and
their tenure is during good behavior.
Mr. GRIMES. What difference docs that
make? .What is the distinction ?
Mr. DAVIS. If you were a lawyer you would
not ask that question. [Laughter.] "The Constitu-
tion provides Unit ** t lie judicial power of the Uni-
ted States shall be vested in one Supreme Court,
and in such infeiior courts as the Congress may
from time to time oiilam and establish. Tho
judges, both of the Supreme and inferior courts,
shall hold their offices during good behavior."
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Kentucky if the judge who holds his office
for four years has not just as indefeasible a right
to that term of four years as the man who holds
his office dm ing lifetime ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think he has.
Mr. GRIMES. Then where is the distinction
between the ease in Minnesota, put by the Sena-
tor at my right, and the case now under consider-
ation?
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentlemen will have a little
patience I will tell them.' A territorial judge is
a judge created by law for a term of four years;
but here is a judge created by the Constitution,
andlie is to hold his office during good behavior.
That is the difference.
Mr. GRIMES. Do they not both hold under
the Constitution by a lav/?
Mr. DAVIS. One holds under the law of Con-
gress and th&other under the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. May I call the attention of
the Senator to a point which belongs to this stage
of his argument ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is doubtless fa-
miliar with the decision of the United States in the
case ofthe American Insurance Company vs. Can-
ter, in the first volume of Peters's Reports, where
this whole question is treated by Chief Justice
Marshall. There was an objection, the Senator
will remember, to the judgment of the court in
Florida upon the ground that the court was not
constituted in a constitutional way, the judges
holding their offices under the statute not during
good behavior but for four years.
Mr. DAVIS. That was when Florida was a
Territory.
Mr. SUMNER. When Florida was a Terri-
tory, and the Senator will therefore perceive how
closely the case bears on the Minnesota case to
which reference has been made; and now, if I can
have the Senator's attention one moment, 1 should
like to have him hear the words of Chief Justice
Marshall in regard to the character of this court.
He says:
" The judges of the superior courts of Florida hold their
offices for four years. These courts, then, me not consti-
tutional courts, in which the judicial power conferred liy
the Constitution on the General Government can be depos-
ited. They are incapable of receiving it. They are legis-
lative courts, created in virtue ot the general njrhtofsover-
eignty which exists in the Government, or in virtue of that
clatihO which enables Confess to make all neeillui rules
and requisitions respecting the terntoiy belonging to the
United States. The jurisdiction with which they are in-
vested la not ft part of that judicial power winch is defined
in the thiid attiele ol the (Jon-tituaon, but is eonferied by
Oongres-s, in the execution ot tho-c general powers which
that body possesses over the Teiritorics of the United
States."
Now, the Senator will see that clcarly, accord-
ing to this judgment of the Supreme Court, pro-
nounced by Chief Justice Marshall, the action
in Minnesota was constitutional, i will not ven-
ture to say how closely this may be applied to the
case of the District of Columbia, and yet I can
conceive that it may bo very well argued that, m
the very language of this decision, the jurisdic-
tion invested in the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia is not a part of that judicial power which
is defined in the third article of the Constitution,
but according to this very language is conferred
upon Congress, in the execution of those general
powers which that body possesses over the Dis-
trict ofColumbin. The Constitution confeis upon
Congress the jurisdiction in all cases over the
District of Columbia, and, according to this de-
cision, it would seem to be obviously within the
power of Corgivss to determine what courts
should be established.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am obliged to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts for having produced
that case. It establishes by Chief Justice Mar-
shall himself the distinction which I took in reply
to the question of the Senator fi mil Iowa, between
a constitutional couit and a legislative court es-
tablished by law of Congress. Some gentlemen
have asked me if I would not prefer to examine
thccase towhich the honorable Senatarrefer8,and
I am wilting to give way,
jj Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator gives way, I
jj move that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
[! eration of executive business.
ll Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Before we
go into executive session, I hope we shall decide
as to what wc shall do this evening. Yesteiday
it was understood that we were to have a recess
to-day, and meet this evening. I move, therefore,
that we take a recess from four and a half until
seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The motion can only be received by unanimous
consent, there being another motion pending.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
Mr, HARRIS. I hope the mfotion to go into
executive session will not prevail. I hope the
Senate will now proceed to finish this bill. 1 want
a vote on it. 1 apprehend it will not take a great
while; and as we have it now under consideration,
1 hope it will not be postponed to another day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to inquire whether
we are to have a recess and to sit this evening, I
ask the honorable Senator from Maine if it is ex-
pected that we shall have a session this evening:,
whether we proceed to consider executive busi-
ness or not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My own impression is
that we had better have a recess, but 1 do not know
what the Senate will do.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. I think the question of the
recess ought first to be determined,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is in order, I move
that at half past four o'clock the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent,
there being another motion pending, which is that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business. Is there objection ?
Mr. CARLILE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 hope sincerely this motion
will not prevail. The motion to go into executive
session now,if carried, is tantamount to a motion
to adjourn. It may be so regarded by Senators
who arc pressing business for the consideration of
the body. I know that the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Howard] and the Senator from Illinois
(Mi. Trumbull] have been for several days de-
manding the attention of the Senate to bills that
are as yet half finished; and there are several Sen-
ators on this side who have bills that they desire
to have taken up. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Kennedy] has been trying for some days
to get the Senate to consider a bill in which his
constituents are interested.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not care about calling
up my bill at this hour.
Mr. LATHAM. I have a bill myself that I
should like very much to call up, if the business
of the body did not interfere with it. I hope tho
motion of the Senator from Iowa will not prevail.
Tho question being taken by vcas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YE4S—.M>s«r<« Anthony, Arnold, Carhle, Collamcr, Da-
vin, Foot, Giimee, Hendeison, Jlicks, Howe, Kennedy,
Powell, liichard>on, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Turpie, and
Wilson of Missouri—17.
NAYS—iMe^sis. Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
litlle, Fcosenden, Foster, Harris, Howard, Kniff, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Morrill, NesimU), Pom-
emy, Rice, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willcy,
\Vilmot,and Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
So the Senate refused to go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I move that the Senate
now take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they wcie ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs-rs. Anthony, Clark, Coilamer, Cowan, Da-
vi-., Dixon, Doohttlc, Fe^euden, Foot, Foster, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Latham, IMotrill, Ne>mith, Pomeroy, Iticc,
Sherman, Sumnei, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, Willcy, and
Wilmot—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold,Cathie, Chandler,Hicks, Ken-
nedy, Powell, itichauhon, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Turpie,
Wad< , and Wilson of Missouri—J2."
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
took a recess till seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed itsscssionat seven o'clock.
CHANGE OP NAME OP A VESSEL.
Mr. HARRIS. If the order pending is sus-
' pended for a moment, I should like to ask for the
; consideration of Senate bill No. 476, a small bill
; to which I suppose (here is no opposition.
: There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 476)
' to authorize the issue of a register to the steam
| vessel Blue Bonnet, formerly a British colonial
j vessel, and to change her name from Blue Bonnet
to Peconic, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
