THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
HIVES, WASHINGTON,
D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1863.
New Series.
...No. 13.
such horrible Indian massacres in time to come?
Says the Secretary of the Interior:
'•The people of Minnesota a.-^k not only indemnity for
the destruction of their propeitv, but they in^t upon guar-
antees of future protection. TIih, they think, can he ob-
tained only by the removal of the Indians to^omc point so
remote from the settlements a« to preclude the possibility of
another attack. No promises offoibearance and future good
conduct on the part of the Indians can allay then iVai*. It
is apparent, that while they lemam m the wcimtyof the
settlements tliev have desolated, those settlement^ cannot
be repeopled. The treachery and cruelty of the recent at-
tack upon a comiding and unsuspecting people, involving
helple.-s women and children in indiscriminate t-laughtci,
toibul the indulgence of confidence in the future."
" Guarantees of future protection." They have
a ru*ht to ask this. To ask it, did [ say' To de-
mand it of this Government in any bill which
Congress shall pass. A bill the object of which
is less comprehensive cannot meet the urgent ne-
cessities of their case. But this bill gives no"'4 guar-
antees of future protection."
Further. The objectwhich this bill should have
in view,in order to meet the exigencicsofthccase,
as it seems to me, id not only the relief and pro-
tection of the people of Minnesota, hut (he relief
and protection of the Indians upon their borders;
and for this reason, if there were no other: it
would go very far toward effecting for the people
of Minnesota that which it is so desirable to sec
accomplished—the relief of these Indians by pro-
viding for an equitable adjustment of their exist-
inggrievanccs; their piotection, as far as possible,
from the dishonesties of unscrupulous men.
The Ri^ht Reverend Bishop Whipple, whose
residence is near the scene of disaster, has told us,
that, 44 the outrage was owing to a system which
leaves the Indian without protection of law and
subject to the dishonesties of unscrupulous men;"
and that " the only being -m America who has
no law to punish the guilty or protect the inno-
cent is the treaty Indian."
From the mumoiialto tlio President of the Uni-
ted States, adopted af a mooting recently held in
Cooper Institute, in the city of New York,! lead
as follows:
u Youi mcmonali'ts respectfully lepr^senf that eiedible
testimony sanctions tin* belief that, with fail tirauiient on
the part of the a^-nts time would be no ditlH'iilu with the
Indian*?, and that the late liagedy m Minne-ota w a-- ovvini?
to the intense exasperation to which the\ weie driven by
thefiauiisand robberic-.o{ uu&cmpulouf nieii}againsi whom
they had no piotoction.M
Mr. Speaker, there is no disguising the fact that
citizens, editors, legislators, heads ofJDepai tmcnts,
and the President himself, alike agice that the
Indian department has, to a lamentable and shock-
ing extent, been characterized by inefficiency and
fraud. Government employes, with a few noble
exceptions, have been notorious for ptofanity,
debauchery, and dishonesty; school and civiliza-
tion funds have been wasted; contracts for sup-
plies conceived in fraud; and even dead men's
names placed on the pay lolls. The office of In-
dian agent has been made an office of reward for
political seivice only. A shame it is, and shame
upon the Congress that will longer tolerate the
wrong without an effort to apply the remedy.
This office of Indian agent has been sought and
given to men, not because it was one of the no-
blest trusts ever committed to any man, to try and
redeem the Indians by leading them to the light
of Christian civilization, but because upon a pit-
tance of a salary a foitune could be realized m
four years.
The Indians have given to our Government by
treaty the largest and best portion of their lands,
on condition of their receiving us protection, with
the means of self-sustainnient by the arts of civil-
ization; but this protection—these means—the
Government has failed to give them. Indubitable
facts bear me out in this declaration.
I make the assertion, therefore—it is made and
stands as the ground of truth, justice, and equity—
that these Indians have a right to relief and protec-
tion. The honorable Secretary of the Interior,
in his report, has forcibly said:
u The duty of the Government to protect the Indians, and
prevent their Mifl'eiimj lor the want of the necessaries of
life, should be fully leeogmzed. They should be taught to
earn their subsistence by labor, nnd'be insuueted in tlie
13
cultivation of the soil. The Government should designate
the place when' they bhall le^ule, and affoid them protec-
tion in the lands which are assigned to them for a home,
and furuMicd them with such aid as, with the fruits of their
own labor, will affoid them an adequate support. They
should be taught to rely on the cultivation ot the «oil foi
snbM.-tenee, and that they can become independent only
through then own industry."
He should have added, when the Government
shall have performed this duty, it will have ful-
filled a promise long since made to the Indians,
and to this hour disregarded, " that their homes
should be secured to them by a patent;" no pat-
ent has ever, as yet, been issued. I believe that,
should the Indians receive this relief and protec-
tion to which they are entitled, and, at the same
time, the Government make ample provision to
meet the necessities of those persons who have
suffered from Indian hostilities—not, however, by
takingaportion of the trust fund for this purpose,
for there can be devised a better way—it would
be found the best method of giving to the people
of Minnesota that relief and security winch the
exigencies of the case demand.
But this is no part of the object of this bill. It
is not, therefore, m my judgment,sufficiently com-
prehensive. I cannot concur with gentlemen who
are of the opinion that guarantees of future pro-
tection can be obtained only by the removal of the
Indians to some point so remote from the settle-
ments as to preclude the possibility of another
attack.
Let their removal be ever so remote from the
boideisof the Slates wheie they are now to be
found, civilization and Christianity alone aic the
mighty enginery of God* by which their fierce
spirits can be controlled, and their hearts molded
to " the humanities of life."
I have thus briefly adverted to the principal rea-
sons by which I am constrained to vote against
Uiis bill. After all, I must grant there is but little
ground of hope for the future of the aborigines of
what we claim as our domain. They are destined |
to extermination. As "onward the course of i
empiro takes Us way," on ward they will be di iven, j
despoiled of all tin ir lands, until at last they can |
be driven nowhere beyond, for a beyond for them !
on tins continent will nowhere exist. Then will
come their last contest and their last defeat; mid !
they will fall into the arnisof ourcommon mother
earth, from which no lusting of Chis-nation for
acres and empire can ever wrest them. Thus our
national domain will be extended. But there is
a hereafter, from whose reckoning no nation can
usrape; and purusDeus, nou pi mas, mhpicit man as.
The question was put on the passage of the bill;
and there wore—yeas t>4, nays 13, (no quorum
voting;) as follows:
YEAS—Mr««r< Aldrich. Ashley, Babbitt. Hnkej, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Jacob H. 15Ian, Blake, Buflnifon, Hum- j
bain, Chanibeilain, (Joll.i.x, Covode, Duel!, Dunn, Eliot, 1
Thomas A. D. Fewnden, Fouke, (loodwin,Ciangcr, (iur- '
ley, llaight. Ihuu-on, ilutebm-, Julian, Kellev, William |
Kellogii, Knnpp, Lehman. Lon'joy. Low, Melvean, Mc- ,
Knight, An-on P Mouiil, Justin ti. Moirill, Nodi, Noiton, ,
Ohn, TimnUiy ('• Phelp-, Pike, i'urtei, Puce, John II ;
Uiee, Riddle, Edwaid IL Rollin^. lament, Sedgwick, j
Shank*, Shelfield, Siuel. Smith, Spauldni", John 15. Steele, j
Trowbridge; Van Horn, Van V<ilk :ubmgli, Wall, Wallace, i
Washbutne, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, and YVoicotei— ;
64. ;
NAYS—Me^rs. William Allen, Aneona, Calveit, Ros- |
cr>f Conkling, Coy, Craven^, Samuel C. Fes^enden, Hoi- j
man. Mauiaid, Fianci^ Thomas, Tumble, Webster, and !
WieklUFe*—13. j
Dunns: the call of the roll, !
M r. HURiSHAM stated that his colleague, Mr. i
Loomis, was, as he understood, detained from the j
city by the illness of a near relative. i
Mi. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that j
his colleague, Mr. Delano, way absent on ac- j
count of sickness. j
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by his Private
Secretory, Mr. Nicolay; and also a message ,
notifying the House that he had approved and >
signed, on the 25th of December, 1862, House bill '
No. 592, to amend an act entitled "An act to pro- i
vide internal revenue to support the Government, i
and to pay the interest on the public debt,Map-
proved Ju'y 1, 1862. '
Mr. ALDRICH. There is no quorum on the
last vote; and I move, therefore, that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Cleik proceeded to call the roll, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Me^iv. William J. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Baxter, Sam-
uel S. 13!«tir« Geoiire II. Browne, Campbell, Casey, Cobb,
Fredeuek A. Oonklin?, Conway, Cnsticld, Cutler, Davis,
Diivve^., Dehino, Dekiplaiuc, Diven, Edgerton, Edwards,
Fly, I'mrh-di. Fonke, Fiank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Hale, Ilard-
liur, Iliekman, Jobn-on, Fiaueis W. Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Killinjjei, Lansut". Lazear, Leaiv, Loonu*, IVJcPherson,
Malloi v, May, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Noble, Nugen,
Odell,'ration, Periy, John S. Phelps, Pomeioy, Potter,
John II. Ibee, UiehauWon, ltobiuson, James S. Rollins,
Seuar, Shellabargei, rilieiman, Shiel, Sloan, Stiles, Strat-
ton, Tram, Vandevei. Van Wyek, Vuriec, \ lbbard, Voor-
laes, W'u^worth, Walton, Ward, Whafoy. Albert 9.
White, Chilton A. White, Wood, YVoochuff, Wught, arid
Ycaiihin.
The SPEAKER announced that a quorum was
present, ninety-eight members having answered
to their names.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then lecurred on the passage of
the bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 17; as follows:
VISAS—Me^rss. Aldrich, Arnold, AsMev. Babbitt, Bai-
ley, Baker, Hnxtoi, Beaman, Kiddie, Rimibam, Jacob B.
Ilian, HI.ike, Butlinton, Bmnliam, Chambeilain, Clark,
Clement?;, Col lax, Con way, Coi mm*, Covode, Duel I, Dunn,
Kliot. Fen ton, Thomas A. 1). Fe-seiiden, Fisher, Fianchot,
(irangeij Umiey, liaiiibt, Hall, JIam>on, Hooper, Hortotl,
Ilnrehin-s. Julian, Kelley, Fiance VV. Kellogg, William
Kelloflr, Knapp, Law, J^ehman, Lovejoy, Low, McKean,
iMcKmghr, Matston, Mitchell, An~on P. Moirill, Justin S.
Meruit. Noell, Noiton, Timothv G. Phelps, Pike, Price,
John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid H. Rollins, SargetYt, Sedg-
wick, Sbank^Shcilield, Smith, Spauldmjj, John B. Steele,
Tiowbnd^e, Van Ilorn, Van Vafkenbnrgh, Walker, Wall,
Wallace, Wa-diburne, WJiecler, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woicestei—78.
NAYS—MesH-v William Allen, Ancona, Calvert. Ilos-
eoe Conk!mil', (^ox. Samuel C1. Fe^senden.Gndei, Harding,
Hoi man, ]Ma\ naul, Menzies, Moms, Pendleton, Benjamin
F. Tlnmnv^, Fi.iiicin Tiioma-^, Ttimble, and Wcbstci—17.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ALDUICH moved that the title of the bill
be so amended as to read as follows:
An act fill the lelicfof persons for diismi^es sustained by
ronton of eh:iiicd.itions aud injuries by ccitatn bands! of
Sioux Indnm^.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK COLLECTION DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be House bill No. ]36, to expedite the
collection of revenue, and the final disposition of
suits arisins therefrom, in the collection district of
the citv of New York, reported from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and the further consideration
of which was postponed to this day.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move that it be further
postponed to Monday next.
A Member. Make it Tuesday week.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my motion.
Mr. ARNOLD. There is a special order for
that day already.
Mr. .SHEFFIELD. I move, then, that it be
postponed to Wednesday of next week.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in or-
der to be the call of States for bills on leave for
reference, and not to be brought back on motions
to reconsider.
DUTIES OP TUB CLERK.
Mr. ASHLEY introduced a bill prescribing the
duties of the Cleik of the House of Represent-
atives in certain cases, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was then read in externa.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
