194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that it be referred
to the Committee of Elections, as that was its
proper disposition.
Mr. Washburne's motion was disagreed to.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
GOVERNMENTS FOR REBEL STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask to introduce a bill to au-
thorize the President of the United States to ap-
point Governors and temporary civil officers for
States and districts now in insurrection and rebel- |
lion against the authority of the United States, I
and for other purposes. j
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I object. j
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order, i
No notice has been given of the purpose to intro- '
duee that bill. ,
Mr. ASHLEY. No notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill cannot be re- ;
ceived.
DEFENSE OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. CLEMENTS introduced a bill to author-
ize the raising of a volunteer force for the better
defense of Tennessee: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
SALE OF PUBLIC LAND.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill for the sale of
four feet off from the west side of the north half
of the alley running north and south through
block ten, in Fort Dearborn addition to the city
ofChicag#, vacated by the city of Chicago; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I
HEIRS OF SIECR DE BONNE, ETC.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a bill to provide for !
the compensation of the district attorney of Michi-
gan for the defense of the suit of the legal repre- J
sentatives of the Sieur do Bonne and the Chcva- j
lier de Repentigny against the United States; '
which was read a first and second time, and re- j
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. \
KELIEF FOR IOWA REGIMENTS. j
Mr. WILSON* introduced ;i bill for the relief of ,
the second and third regiments of Jowa volunteer
infantry, which was read a first and second time, '
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. ;
PRESIDENT S EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION. !
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to introduce ajoint I
resolution to approve, ratify, and confirm the proc- '
tarnation issued by the Presidentas Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, dated January 1, j
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Has notice !
been given ? j
Mr. WILSON. It has not. I
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then I ob- !
ject.
MINT.
Mr, LOWE introduced a bill to amend an act ti
entitled "An act supplementary to an act entitled !'
'An act to establish a mint, and to regulate the |'
coins of the United States,'" approved January j!
18, 1837; which was rend a first and second time, !>
and referred to the Committee of Ways and ,i
Means. j:
OVERFLOWED LANDS IN CALIFORNIA. j'
Mr. LOWE also introduced a bill for the sur- \\
vey of the swamp and overflowed lands in the '!
State of California; which was read a ihst and
second time, and reterred to the Committee on '
Public Lands. :
GRANT OF LANDS TO WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. WALLACE,of Washington, introduced ''
a biii granting the right of way to the State or Ter-
ritory of Washington, and a portion of the pubiic i
lands todid in the conjunction of a railroad m said ''
Territory; which was read a fust and second tune, 1
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
STATE GOVERNMENT FUR COLORADO.
Mr. 15ENNET introduced a bill to provide a ;
State government for Colorado; winch was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 'j
mtttee on Territories. * |j
ENTRY OF LAND AT DENVER. p
Mr. BENNET also introduced a bill to pro- '!
yida lor :he entry oi land whereon the city of Den- i
ver, in the Territory of Colorado, is located; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
CAPTAIN RICHARD STEVENSON.
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill for the relief
of the administrator of Captain Richard Steven-
son, deceased; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
OLD HALL OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,introduced ajoint
resolution setting apart the old hall of the House
of Representatives as a hall for statuary; which
was read a first and second time.
The resolution was as foliows:  
Jomtresolution setting apan the old hall of the House of
Representative-, a« a h ill for statuary.
Wlujreas, the old hall of tin* House of Representatives,
being now occupied as a s>toia2e loom, is nearly useless,
aiul must of necessity remain a'thoioughtaie between the
two wings of the Capitol: Theieforc,
Revolted by the Senate a7i<l House of Repi escrtatives of
the United Slates of j.hnericu in Con^rest assembled, Thattlie
Picsidentbo, and he is hereby, authorized to invite each and
ail ot tiie States to provide and furnish maible. or broiue
Matues not exceeding two in number for each State, of men
who have been citizens theieof, ii!n<ttious from their his-
toric renown, or from distinguished civic or nniitaiy ser-
vices,  ueh as each State shall determine to he wot thv of this
national commemoration, to be placed m the old hall of the
Uou-eofRepiesentatives in tho Gapitol ot the United States,
wlneii is heicby set apait, or so much thereof as may be
weevily,a-, a national ftatunry hall foi the pin po^os lieieni
indicated; and the same shall be undrtr the eaie and super-
vision of the Commissioner of Public Building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hardly think 1
any member of the House will object to the pas-
sage of this resolution at this time. It is well :
known by us all that the old hall now is merely
a receptacle of rubbish, dust, and cobwebs. [A
Voice. And apple-stands.] Yep, sir; and apple-
stands. It is utterly impossible to con\eit the
room to any use connected with the business of
the Government. It cannot be used as y library, 1
nor for the Court of Claims, and it would be mani- '
fe&tly improper to divide it up and distribute us
party into offices for clerks nr committees. I think
there is not a single State that would not cordially
respond to this resolution, and furnish at least
one oi more statues, and such as would reflect
honor upon the country. 1 therefore, unless some
gentleman desires to discuss the resolution, cali
the previous question upon the engrossment and
third readme: of the resolution.
Mr. Mcknight. Although every member
of the House is anxious that something should
be done with this passage-way, I do not know
that wo are prepared to act upon the resolution
just now. It seems to me that perhaps it might
be well to have the matter inquired into, to sec
whether that is a fit placp fur the purposes sug-
gested by the gentleman in his resolution. Per-
haps the resolution had better go to the Commit-
tee on Public Buddings and Grounds. [A Voice.
To the Committee on the Library.] 1 do not
want it referred to the Committee on the Library,
if referred to any committee, it should go to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
But 1 was going on to state that 1 do not know
that I approve of this resolution just in the form
m which it is. It seems to me that if all the States
are to be permitted to name the persons whose
statues shall be there, they should be persons who
have served in the House of Representatives m
that old hull. For instance, Kentucky may brin*
m the statue of Henry Clay. I prefer that the
restriction should be specified in the resolution; '
that the selection should be restricted to two citi-
zens of each State, who ha\e distinguished them-
selves in the old hall of the House V Represent-
atives. Thot provision, of cour.-$i , would be con-
fined to the old States; the new States, admitted
since we came into the new hall, would have to
sugscsusome other persons. It seems to me that
there cai%ht be some modification of the resolution
desired by the House, and therefore that perhaps
u nad be Her go to sonic committee for a renort
upon it. 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hardly think
we should want to exclude hkhan Allen," or the
husband of Molly Stark, because they have not
been members of the House of Representatives. ■
1 prefer to leave the selection entirely to the sense
of propriety of the several States. They will !
have a proper pride to select their most eminent '
citizens with a national reputation. I do not know
that General Jackson ever served in the Iiouse of
Representatives, and yet I hope Tennessee would
not fail to respond by filling a niche there with a
statue of the old hero of New Orleans. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. If Mississippi were to ask
that the statue of Jefferson Davis be deposited in
j that hall, 1 for one would not consent to it; and I
do not want to bind myself in advance to any
such thing as that.
Mr. CC>X. I was aboutto make a motion to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Library.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont, and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. COX. I now move to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to substitute the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that the
Library Committee is a joint committee of the
two Houses, and therefore a proper committee to
which this matter should be refened.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion to refer to the Committee on the
: Library wjs agreed to.
'! The SPEAKER, as the business first in order,
1 proceeded to call the States for resolutions.
'j NICARAGUA MINISTER, ETC.
! Mr. S. C. FESSENDEX introduced the fol-
j lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
I and agreed to:
'| Resolved, That the Secrctaij of .State be requested to
,j communicate to this FIouse.il not in his judgment mcom-
,| patible with the public interest, why our minister in New
| Granada ha* not pie&ented his credentials to the actual
Government of that couutiv; also, the season for which
i Seeoi Mm illo is not i ecosnized hv the Umeed States as thfl
" diplomatic representative of the Mo^qumo Government of
that countrv ; al-o, what necrotintions have been had, if
!■ anv, with Geneial Finnan, a-= the lepK'sentative of Ospi-
!j naN Government; m New Gianada, since it went out of
existence.
j CONDITION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
,i Mr. S. C. FESSEXDEN introduced the fol-
jj lowing resolution; which was lead, considered,
:i and agreed to:
I Revolted, That tije Committee on Indian Affairs be di-
iceted to inquire into the propriety of providing bj*'law for
'I the appointment of conimivMoner:; to investigate the con-
; dition otevej} tube oi uminaiit-. ot tribes of Indians m the
11 L nited Platen, with winch the Covet anient ha- tn aty stip-
, | uhuions, and lepoit u hat measures should be taken h> this
!' Government, if any, with a view of piovidnig for the more
.! ctTectua[ Kecutity o! their lights and the irjlus of citizens
,■ ot the Tjiuted Status, and oioniotmg friendly mutual rela-
" tioiis.
m LOSS OF TIIE MONITOR.
Mr. SEDGWICK introduced the following res-
: olution; which wes r'*ad, considered,and agreed to:
1 TLosolvcS, That tiie Committep on Naval Affairs be in-
| ?ti ueted to mquue into the cuetim-tanees of the lo«s of the
Cnued vSiates steamship >IomtnI, with a view to ascertain
: th" c-xusr. men ef, and whetln r vessels of hex description
j can be made f-afe and seaworthy.
j SELECT COMMITTEE REVIVED.
! Mr. VAN HOIIN introduced the following res-
^ olution; which was read, considered .and agreed to:
Rt'totred. Thattlie select committee appointed at the close
' of nie last sosMnn, to which wa- i^feiied tiu- papers relat-
ing to a .<lnp canal h 'tween Lakes Kt ie and cMitario, on the
Anglican siric, bo revived foi the fieve,,; ^ss10n,so that
the committee may be allowed to conclude tin: bn&iness aa-
sign°d to it.
; CHAPLAINS IN TIIK NAVY.
, ^ Mr. BARBI T F itUrodnced f.he follov.'ing reso-
tuf ion: which was iviid, considered, and agreed to I
Rrsnlvc.i,'] lj;u ;he Committee on Na; al Affairs be insfruct-
e'i to mqune into tiio e.\ j>ediene v of i epi .ilum so much of
the aet of July n. 1m/2. :is proV'ide> that chaplains in
Aavy ,-uaft not be nu-ie than thiity live u'am ur' age at
i tune oi then* appoiiituuMit.
1 SICK AND WOUNDED SOLIHEKB.
; ^-tr. S I EVENS introduced a joint resolution
, renting to the tran.spot tation of .siek. wounded, atid
, deceased soldier.s; svhicii was read a first and sec-
■ ond time.
i ^ The resolution, which was read in extenso, pro-
| vid.es that the Crovernmont shall furnish transpor-
tation to and from their homes for all soldiers who,
the
at the
