isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IM
by reason of sickness or wounds, are granted pa-
roles, or are honorably discharged from service,
as well as for the remains of soldiers who die or
are killed in the service.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to put the resolution on
its passage.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
reada third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF LOYAL ClTrZEXS.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced the following roso- j
lution,on which he demanded the previous ques- |
tion: |
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judici.uy he in- l
etructcd to report a hill to provide for the protection of j
lojal citizens Hi their per&u.ib and property in iiiMiru'e- j
tionary Slates. I
On seconding the demand for the previous quos- |
tion, tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Arnold j
and Van Horn were appointed. j
The Plouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered to be put, and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF TIIB REBELLION.
Mr. BLAKE introduced the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That this House earnest'}' denims the mo<t
speedy and etreciual measiac?. taken to put down the rebel-
lion ; Stilt any piopnsu ion* for peace 01 ee-s*ation of Inutil-
ities at this time on any terms othei than an unconditional
subimsbion of the iebel> now 111 ann^ a<;fun-t the Govern-
ment to the reqiuiummia of the ConMitution and law-.,
would be pu•ilUnunoits and traitorous; that the member
of this Ilou.-e do hereby give the mo.-t earnest a«*s.uiauco«,
to the people of the (.Tinted Sr.if's that they will ehoeitully
corporate with the Pi evident a* Commands-in-Chief of tho
Aimy and Navy in any measure-; lie may deem propei.
sanctioned by tin' Constitution and tie1 laws ol endued
vv.u f.uc, to ^lengthen the imliiaiy powci of out gallant .sol-
diers in the fl< ld defending the Government, and to weaken
that of the enemy balloting to de^tioy it.
Resolved, Tluu the only alternative Government can or
ousjht at this time lo oftei to jebels, in, s-ubnul 01 be con-
quered.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I objcct to the res-
olutions. 1 understand they are offered by a mem-
ber who has alieady offered one resolution; and
he cannot do so without unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Blake,] who
has not offered any other under this call.
Mr. BLAKE demanded tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Blaice and
Vallaxdigham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mi. VALLANDIGIIAM. I propose to debate
the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Then, under the rule, the
resolutions must go over.
Mr. NOELL. I want to have the yeas find nays
taken 011 the question.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot be
taken on the seconding of the previous question.
The resolutions, it being proposed to debate
them, went over under the rule.
PAYMENT OF TIII3 STOCK OF 1842.
Mr. COX offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Sccretarvofthc Treasuiy be directed
to communicate to this IIou«r In* reasons, if any, for n'-sr-
lecting to answer the ie>olutiou pa- ed by this IfuUM" o"n
the 16til of DeciMnln 1 !a-<t, inqiii rinsr mM the names of the
owners of the United States stock of 1312, and as to the
medium by which he piopo^d to pay the same ; and fm-
thcr, that he do now communicate to lint- TIousc th<s names
of such owner", and whether he ],u  p.ud the said stock,
end, if so, whethei in coin or otheiwiso.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Pomeroy] offered a resolution on this subject
about the middle of last month, requiring the Sec-
retary of tiie Treasury to pay the sum of two or
three millions in coin. On my motion that reso-
lution was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. The next day I offered a resolution
asking as to the owners? of this stock, as to the
amount of stock, and whether the Secretary pro-
posed to pay it in coin or not. For some reason
or other, I know not what, the Secretary of the
Treasury has never answered that resolution of
the IIousc. The resolution which I now offer
only asks him for his reasons for failing to an-
swer the previous resolution. I may say here
that there is a good-deal of discussion as to the
payment of the stock of 1842, not only in the pub-
lic papers but amonjj monetaiy men. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has not seen proper
to report on the subject, and 1 see it stated m the
Now York papers that the stock of 1^42 is to be
paid in coin. If that is the case, those who have
bought up that stock, under peculiar circum-
stances, will realize nearly a million dollars by
their speculation. And although ! do not stand
here to impeach the integrity ofanybody connected
with the Treasury, yet, from the remaiks made
in the public prints, it is dui* to the honorable Sec-
retary of the Treasury that his reasons should be
given for failing to comply with the request of the
House. Nearly a million dollars has been made
by somebody, by speculators m New York, on
this stock. "The Committee of Ways and Means
has not seen piopei tu repot t back the icvdution
referred to it, and the Secretary of the Treasury
has not responded to the ordinary inquiry of the
House. The people have a 1 i^ht to know whether
there are sufficient reasons m law or public policy
for the laige payment in coin to a favored few in
New York who may be speculating on the public
credit. I desire that that information shall come
out. It is due to the Secretary of the Treasury,
due to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
uue to the people who ate to pay the money. I
hope, therefore, that the House will not stifle this
resolution by sending it to the Committee of VVays
and Means, winch has not repotted on the pte-
vious lesoluiion sent to it on the same subject. I
therefore ask the previous question.
Mr. WASHDURNE. Who offered the roso-
lution to which the gentleman from Ohio desires
an answer?
Mr. COX. I offered it on the 16th of Decem-
ber, and it passed the House unanimously. It
was not my resolution, but that of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What would have been
the lesult if the resolution had been answered,
and if the Secretary had leported that tins debt
would be paid in coin J Would not the object of
so stating have been just exactly what the gentle-
man chains'
Mr. COX. I make no charge. I seek for in-
formation. I speak on behalf of the people who
have to meet this. I know no man or set of men
connected with the matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not charge that the
gentleman docs; but I ask him whether, if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had answered that he would
pay this debt in coin, that answer would not have
pioducod the precise state of things which the
gentiwrnan now charges—enabled favorites and
speculators t© come m?
Mr. COX. I hope and trust that that will
transpire when the Secretary makes his report.
My resolution asks for the reasons why the Sec-
retary did not answer the inquiry. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury is too honest and honorable
a man to require a vindication liTe fiom any
charge. He is my constituent, and I have a right
to sneak for his integrity at home, and as Secte-
tary of the Treasury. I make no charge. His
answer to the resolution will'be the proper mode
of justification.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to say one word.
I do not know what the gentleman from Ohio je-
fers to when he says that the Committee of Ways
and Means has not responded to the resolution.
It w!i« never referred to it.
Mr. COX. There was a resolution offered by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pomeroy]
requiring this stock to be paid m gold; and that
resolution was refeircd to the Committee ot Ways
and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. There was such a resolution
sent ti^>ui committee, asking us to determine that
this stock should be paid m gold. 1 have only to
say that the committee did not think it worth
while to report such a law, because, on consulta-
tion with the Secretary of the Treasury, we were
relieved from that necessity by his answer. Ths
reporting of such a law would be entirely Buga?-
tory, as the same objcct was arrived at by his de-
termination. That is the reason why the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not respond to the
resolution.
Mi. VALLANDIGIIAM. I would be glad to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether there was not an agreement be-
tween the Secretary of the Treasury and those to
whom this money was paid, on the subject of pay-
ing it in <?old on some contingency?
Mr. STEVENS. I know of nothing, except
thatwhen weconsultedtheSecretaryof the Treas-
ury he told us it was unnecessary to report such
a law. I do hot know what the Committee of
Ways and Means would have done 011 it; but the
Secretary informed us that the same result woul4
be arrived at without our taking notice of it.
Mr. VALL \NDIGHAM. Is there no agree-
ment in regard to paying the debt m gold, and
then taking 1I10 amount in bonds?
Mr. STEVENS. I never heard a word of the
kind insinuated.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Well, I did, this
morning.
Mr. COX. 1 have heard nothing of the kind
suggested by my colleague; but I would say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that my reso-
lution called for all the papers or memorials that
might have been received by the Secretary of the
Tieasury on the subject of the payment of the
debt; and it has not been answered. *
Mr. STEVENS. I am not saying whether the
resolution of the gentleman, now offered, ought to
be passed or not. I am only answering what I
understood to be an imputation from him on the
Committee, of Ways and Means for not having
responded to the resolution referred to it.
Mr. COX. I make no imputation on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The gentleman has
now answered for that committee. He might
have reported back the resolution seasonably,
and we might have had heretofore the benefit of
the remarks which he has just made.
Mr. STEVENS. I could see no reason why
the Committee of Ways and Means should report
a bill, (for that was what the resolution required
of it,) to authorize a thing which weknew would
be done before that law could be considered in this
House. It did seem to me, having that knowledge,
that it would be very absurd to report such a bill,
i admit that gentlemen who did not know the
reason might think it strange; but when I have
given the reason, I think every man will concur
with me that for the Committee of Ways and
Means to have reported a bill of that kind to op-
erate upon an act already executed would have
been absurd. The resolution only came to us just
before the adjournment, and it would have been
impossible for us to have matured a bill in time
for the House to have acted upon it before their
reassembling after the holidays, and wc knew that
before then the money would be paid.
Now, as to whether anybody has made money
by buying up these bonds, I know not. If they
had bought themupunder the idea thatthey were
to be paid in currency, and the House had passed
the bill the Committee of Ways and Means were
ordered to report under the resolution sent to us,
on motion of the gentleman from New York, we
should have helped them to make money out of
their speculation; whereas, had not the Secretary
determined to pay in gold t there would have been
no such speculation atall, and nobody would have
profited by the operation.
' { admit that there is great difficulty in this gold
question; but I think the whole difficulty about
speculation in the price of gold arises from the
conduct of this House in compelling a certain
class of bonds to have their interest paid in gold,
while the other creditors of the Government are
to receive what is due them in legal currency.
Whatever responsibility there is rests at our door.
I am informed that already, if not millions, hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars have been made by
the bankers and brokers in New York, Boston,
and Philadelphia by reason of this very operation;
and I tell the gentleman that it will continue to
be a cause of disgraceful speculation—disgraceful
I will not say to this House, because they did not
intend it, but a disgraceful speculation to those
