1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1188
short, wo had 110 trial 01 anything in the form of atrial. it is
true his toyal highness propounded a number of interrogato-
ries, the ovulentobjcct of which was to elicit admissions of
guilt, which his proof-, if any ho had at all, failed to estab-
lish. lie finally a->ked us if we wore willing to take the oath
ofaile<riance. We informed hun that if we understood what
he meant by that, we woie; ot5 in othei wo'd-, we were
willing to take an oath to support the (Jon-muition ol th'1
United State>. Hur, isavs ho, aie you willing to take an
oath to support the Piei-ident, u /lis war jiohci/ and uZ/,1' tn
Ptippiessiiii? tfit; lehellion and restoring the'CJnton? We
told him we were not in tnose terms, but that wo weic will
in? to take an oatti to suppoit him. for the purpose of put-
ting down the rebellion and lestonng the Union, in all in-
legal and constitutional measures. lie infoi mod us that ho
would have no condition!? about it, and theieupon remauded
us to prison. The day aitei wards Mi. Dull* was taken before
tiin- judge, as we understood, for the pmpo>e of an exam-
ination. On leturnmg m the evening, he mfoirned us that
lie had had no trial whatever; that Judge Turnei had in-
formed him that he (Turner) had no j'mii-dietion in the
case; that it had been referied to a military commission
which had been oigaiuzed for the pmpot-e ol trying cases
of that chatacier; and that Turner seemed to legiet very
much that h-"> was unable to take cognisance of tlie ease.
Mr. Mahony was nevei befoie Tumor until the day of his
ideate. Upon tins state of facts, 1 pionomice the Tpoit
of Judge Turner, so far a* Mahony, I)ulf, and ghewaui are
concerned, a glaring and unmitigated laUehood. So far as
1 am concerned, he may be indebted to me for the idea ot
requiring an oatii  * not to prosecute but f distinctly state
that I never placed lum undci any obligations to me for the
idea until atter I had been infoi inert by Mr. Wood, as belbie
stated, that the judge had concluded not to di^chaige anv
moie prisoneis, in consequence of suits being comm.meed
by parties who had theretofore been discharged.
I have the honor to be your very obedient setvant,
JOHN li. MULKEY.
Hon. L. W\ Powell.
Denton, Illinois, January 17, 1853.
Dkar Sir: Upon my arrival home this mot ning, after an
nbccnceof two weeks, 1 found youi letter oi the 7th instant,
inclosing the correspondence of the Secretary ot War m
answer to your lesohiuon of 22d December last. I was
quite astonished when I read the official statement of L.
C. Turnei, judge advocate, in relation to the oath, and the
circumstances connected therewith, which he lequired
myself and the other gentlemen mentioned to take belbie
being 1 cleaned ftom the old Capitol prison Inst Novembei.
I had seen a statement of this character going the rounds
of the abolition pies-., but could hardly believe that Tut nei
would, in his official capacity, commit himself to t-uch a
notorious he. Bur thinking it best not to peimit such an
infamous, lie go uncontradicted, I prepaied a caul la-t Wed-
nesday and had it published in the State Register at Spring-
field. Illinois, denouncing the statement as a falsehood.
'J'his papei ! will foivvaid yon in a tew da\>. And all I
can say, again, is to lepeat—which I do boldly, and hold
myselt responsible to prove the same—that L U. Turner's
statement, so far as the same relates to me, is an infamous,
willful, and unmitigated lie liom beginning to end.
[ never refused to take the oath of allegiance. I never
was asked to take am oatii of any kind after my attest,
until I was asked to take th« oath which we did take. 1
never was before Turner or any other per-011 for trial or
examination. I never requested or suggested_such an oath,
or heard of such an oath, until the night betore we weie
discharged, when Turner sent tip to the pu«on a form o<
the oath, stating that the Secietary of War lequired us to
take this oath. These ate the facts, so fur a  I am con-
cerned. On Monday, the 29th of September, several pi is
oners of Illinois who had been in the same room with mc
were going out to Turner's office, and it was understood
were to be released. The superintendent suggested to me
that if I dc-ircd 1 migh' accompany bun and the pi toners
as a more mattei of retention and exorei-e, but expt essly
stated that he was satisfied the judge advocate could not
investigate my cat-c that da\, but did not assign an) leason
for his notion upon the subject I gladly accepted hi.-kind
offer, and went wrth him and others to Turneioffice. After
he had released the other parties, he then called me in to
his puvatc apaifmeiU. lie thcie stated to me that he was
eveeodingh son") that he had not the power to lelea^e me
also; that he was satisfied be>ond all doubt that I ought
never to have been airented, and he wished it was in his
power to send me homo to my f.ftnily and businev ; that
the evidence against me earned upon its lace its own con-
demnation ; besides, the evidence which i had tiled more
than ten day  befoie thh with him was eonclusivr of my
innocence; but that he had no jutisdictiOiJ whatever of my
case; that the Secretary of Wai had ouiered that Messrs.
Mahony, Shewaid, Mulkcy, and myself should be tried by
a military board, of which Judge Holt to be judge advo
cate; that the commission had oiganized oti that day;
that he would hand ovei to them my evidence. &c.; that
we would have a tual at least by Wednesday or Thuisday
following, and tor me to rest perfect!) sati>fied, for i would
be dischaiged unconditional!) upon the evidence then in
his possession.
All this stoiy I supposed at the tunc was true; but I bad
not gone three squaies from Turnei's* office when^a man
who was. in the lull confidence of Turnei, and who-C >tale-
ments I afterwaids found to be true, told me irt plain tenn 
that this* whole story, to u^c hts own language, was "all a
G—d d—d he;" that this was Tumor's waj ot putting me
off, instead ot telling the truth and just intoinung me thai
we would not be ldeased until after the election; he liad
hatclied up thisG—-d d—d lie to tell,*' statins at the time
that Turner knew the* military commission hud nothing to
do with us. '-and he knows,*' said lie, ''that he will dis-
pose of everv one of you '' Leheani nothing mote fiotn
Turner or hi> nuhtaiy commission for ju?t mx \veek->. On
Monday, the 10th ot November, the superintendent came
into the'piison after daik with a paper in his hand, and
said to Mahony, Sheward, Mulkey and myseir. that Turner
had sent him up with that kind of an oath; that Turner said
tin? Secretary of War hadjjrescribfMl that oath fur u  to take,
and upon taking that we could all be released the next day;
and it not, those who icfused to take it would remain, and
might irmain there during the war or for years. Wo im-
mediately called for tlie leading of it. It was read, and
completely astounded us all, not only those who were re-
quired to take it, but ail the prtsoneis in tlie tooiu. being
Minn' eighteen or twenty. We then with one accordin-
lonued him that wo desired some time to consider this
mauci : he lett it with us and told u^ to make up our minds
as to what wc would do, and icport to him at nine o'clock
next moining. Wo letainod copies of tlie oath and ceiti
tied statements of all these facts, certified to by several
gentlemen in the 100m with u*. This certificate you can
obtain by addicssing D. Siiewaid, editor Constitution and
Union, Faitfield, loVa. This certificate sets out Ihe facts
at huge, and gives the residence ol each attesting witness,
in addition to those who signed this certificate, Captain
B. F. ihown,of Fiedeyiek City, Maryland, and V. R.Jack-
son, of Washington city, were preseut; they are both in-
telligent gentlemen.
I will further state that Turner expressly stated to me,
when in his office on the 11 th of November, that this oath
had been got up and pre-enbed by Mr. Stanton, Secretary
of War, and had been sent to him, and that he, Tuincr,
was obliged, under the orders of Stanton, to require us to
take such oath. I know not who is entitled to the least
eiedit, Stanton or Turner; hut one thing 1 do know, that
Tnruei's statement is nothing but a tissue of infamous lies.
You aie at liberty to use this letter or it« contents, either
publicly or privately, in any way that may be deemed useful
to the cause of tiuth and ju tn e, 01 in putting to shame the
lying and tiaimrou?. tviant- now seeking tlie overtlnoxv of
out country's Constitution and libeities.
Respectfully, joum, ANDREW D. DUFF.
Hon. L. W. I'owlll,
United States Senate, Washington city.
Copy of a paper drawn vp and suiW> ibed by prisoners in ihe
old Capilol prison in iclatwn to the oath ptcscnted by Su-
perintendent Wood to the prisoners, icjericd to by Judge
Tinner, by direction oj Judge Advocate Tinner, as a con-
dition and means by which they would be t elcascd.
Otn Capitoi. Prison,
Washington. ]). C., November 11, 1862.
We, the undersigned pei-ons now confined in 100m No.
16, old Capitol pnson, hereby cottify that on the evening
of November 10, i<^. Wilham P. Wood, E-fj , superin-
tendent of said pt taon, did, 111 odi piesenee and homing, pre-
sent to Dennis A. Mahony, of Dubuque, Iowa, Judge John
II. Mulkey, of Cauo, Illinois, Judge Andrew D Duff, of
Benton, Illinois,and David Shewaid,of F.iiifield,Iowa,now
confined in said pttson, a toim of oath and obligation of
winch a tiae eupy u heieto annexed, lequti mg them to ob-
ligate thcmsel\e:> undet oath not to pio-eeute any State or
federal officers who may have been instrumental or en-
gaged m causing tneit an est, and that unless they so obli-
gate themselves they would not be released from imprison-
ment; and a> they have to our knowledge made repeated
hut un-aieces-ful efforts to obtain liom the authonties an
< xamination 01 tual oi the <haiges alleged to have been
made against them, and as thev have now suffeied nearly
thief monlhh, impri-onment to the injury of their health
and butiness, causing great family sufiei ing ; and in the case
of the utoie&aul Dennis A. ? lahoi.y we aie convinced that
a continuance ot the confinement would endanger his life:
now, we do ceitify thai, believing there is no Irope tor the
afoiesaid gentlein<*o to obtain ju-tiee or tediess while they
are impi ifoned.do iccommend them to sign said obligation,
although it is extorted fiom them as thou only condition of
lelease ; and fuithei, we ceitily that the aforesaid gentle-
men wore unwilling to accede to this ieque&t and unpist
condition, but at our holieitation they were induced to
compjy.
THOMAS T. HLLIS, M. D..
Late Pott Sui^con, New York.
THFO. T. EDGERTON, New Yoik.
JOHN J. MOKAN, M. D.,
Frederick City, Maryland.
(,'lty AND C'Ot'NTY OF NEW YORK, to tfil :
Tiiomas T Ellis, M. D., late po>t suigeon of New York,
being duly sworn, dej)o>e^ ami -a)s, that he was ai rented
on the mght of the J~>th 01 October, 18:li, by one 1. Ba-
ker and oihets, and taken pttsoner to Washington, Distnct
of Columbia, same night, and on the following da*y was
commuted to 100m No 16, old Capitol put-on, in the said
city ol Washington; that theie was confined aspti-ouers
in the said room, one Dennt* A. Mahony and David Show-
aid, ot Iowa, and Judge-John II Mnlkev and Andiew D.
DulF, ot Illinois , that on or about the ?tb day of November,
!«6-2, William P. Wood the >up< rintendent of said prison,
took said David Shewaid and John H. Mulkcy out ot said
pu>on and letuined vvitn them same day, when the said
Wood told tin?, depom ut that he had brought them before
Judge Advocate L C Turnei to have them di^chaiged, as
h< behoved they should not have been arrested, and ihat it
was a '• d'imn >d shame.and done by some political enemy
or maishai 10 obtain the ftes tor bringing them to Wash-
ington, but thatJudgi Tinner reiu-ed* to leleasc mem, a.-
piisoner^ from the We-t who had been released had, on
their lenun home, eoiiimenced actions for false impuson-
m< nt against the pcwxis who arie--ted them. And this de-
ponent fill thei says, that on the wight ot' the 10th ot Novem-
ber the >aid Wood biought in hu- hand into 100111 1(5, as be-
| loie mentioned, a wtitten document, be.ng a form of oath
I of allegiance to the U'mtrd States rotisUtutinii and Gov-
' ernment, with an obligation not to prosecute or eaiwstobe
pios.eeutod or take action against a in Federal or State offi-
cei who ma) have been instiumental in causing the urre-t.
Deponent read and copied ilu- document, and the said
Wood handed it to the aforesaid Mahonj. Shevvaid. Mill
ke\, and Duff', and in the pieseuceot thisdepunentamUix
other occupants of said room, he, Wood, told them that if
they would sign and .-weai to that document the judge ad-
vocate would rii-*ehaige them tne next day, but not other-
wise, to which thev objected, when Wood «aid it was the
very best and only"thing he could do ; that Judge Turner
had" made up hb- mind to protect the officer* whu made the
arrest, and would not release them unlesstfhcy signed tills
obligation. WoikI ai-osaid it was an cmpage, and helum-
self, if in their position, would be '•danfned5' befoie tie
would sign any such obligation, but that he would'recom-
mend them to Hgn it. as, unless they did so ho could not
say when they would be released , and as it wa* tjuitio
j! likely he would not be superintendent of the pi [son very
!• long, his «uccessot would tieat them more harshly, as' lie
!! was accu-cd of bchrg a secessionist. -
This* deponent further aays, that the aforesaid geiUlemw
woic very unwilling to so obligate themselves, but depo-
nent and others induced them to do vo; and this depaneQt
drew up a certificate setting foith the facts., which w<s+
copied and signed by Dr. John J. Moian, Theodore T, fid-
gerton, and this deponent; and further tins deponentsays,
ihat the >^atd Wood did ptivately ask this deponent to us-e
bis influence with Messrs Mahony, Sheward, Mulkuy, awl
Duff to induce them to sign said obligation, stating It was
the only terms on which they could obtain their releasf?;
and deponent Anther says, that since their dischnigc he figs
held several conversations with the said Wood, in which
ho always freeiystated thatho had had great difficulty widi
"old Turner" to consent to the release of these '• western
men" on their signing that obligation 5 and he. Wood, h$s
also freely stated that he was opposed to those arrest"; that
although he wa« bittcily opposed to the Demoei.uic party,
and would do anything in his power todefe.it them, yet be
believed the Government did it<clf more harm than good by
making these and similar arret-ts; and also stated that he
believed that tho-e ariesfo were made by persons foi the pur-
pose of extorting money . And on the 8th day of January,
j 1863, he, Wood, told this depoiicnt of one such ca-^e where
! he believed that a pr^oner, who had been discharged from
{ the old Capitol pnsou a few dav> pnoi, had paid 01 caused
! to be paid to detective L. C. Hakei the sum of $1,000 for
I hN leleaso
In witness of the foregoing this deponent hath, this29th
day of Januarv, 1863, subscribed thi.-* Ilia deposition.
THOMAS T. ELLIS, M. D.
Sworn to this 29th day of January, 1863, before me,
JOlIfc BYUNE, -
Cummisiiouer of Deeds, j
These papers make a clear issue of veracity
with tlie judge advocate, and one of them with
the Secretary of War. They refer to the naroqs
ofpeisons by whom they can substantiate the al-
legation that the statements of the report made to
the Senate are false. Mr. Mahony is a citizen of
the Stale of Iowa. I have inquired of the Senator
from iowa [Mr. Grimes] as to his character and
standing:, and he informs me that he is a man of
fine intelligence, of unimpeachable character—a
gentleman of honor and of standing. He says in
tlie letter to winch I have alluded that this report,
so far as lie is concerned, is false ftom beginning
to end. Mr. Duff and Mr. Mulkey are citizens
of the State of Illinois—one of them is now, and
the other has been, a judge of the circuit court.
Mr. HARLAN.' Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. 1 shall be through in two
minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. I merely wish to correct i!*e
Senator; because, unless 1 have misunderstood
him, he does my colleague injustice. Do 1 under-
stand the Senator to say that my colleague said tlie
report of the Socretaiy of War, as applicable to
Mr. Mahony, svas untrue?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; I said no such thing.
1 said that Mr. Mahony said so, and 1 stated that
1 did not know Mr. Mahony. I do not know
either one of the four gentlemen. I have no per-
sonal knowledge of them; but I inquired of the
Senator's colleague as to the character and stand-
ing of Mr. Mahony, and tlie Senator's colleague
told me that Mr. Mahony is a man of intelligence
and standing, a man of honor, tiuth, and veraci-
ty. The Senator's colleague said nothing about
the truth of the report. I (lid not interrogate him
about it, because I supposed he knew nothing
about it.
1 will state that, so far as the two gentlemen
from 111 mots whom 1 have named are concerned,
Mr. Duff and Mr. Mulkey, boih of them, 1 be-
lieve, have been judges of the circuit court. Judge
Duff is..now upon the circuit bench; and he was
dragged fiom the bench where he was holding
court, and brought here to the Capitol prison.
The Scnatorfrom Illinois [Mr. Richardson] tells
me that he is a gentleman of high charactei and
standing. Three or four of the Representatives
of the State of Illinois m the other House tell me
the same thing.
It is not my purpose, Mr. President, to enter
into tins controversy. Of course 1 have no per-
sonal knowledge as to the truth or falsity of this
report; but as these gentlemen aie vouched to tne
by their Senators and Representatives to be men
of high standing I think u my duty to lay these
papers before the country. When I speak of their
being avouched by their Representatives 1 refer to
gentlemen from Illinois, because I have not-asked
ih« Representatives m the other House of the
