196
the congressional globe.
January 5,
who deal in bullion and upon the interests of the j
Government. All this, however, is aside from
the question before us. Now, sir, in obedience
to my promise, I move the previous question upon
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. With the consent of the
House, I wish to make another inquiry of the
gentleman from Ohio. I desire to know the date
of the resolution to which he refers.
Mr. COX. The lGth of December.
Mr. WASHBURNE. When did the House
adjourn ?
Mr. COX. On the 23d.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not think the Sec-
retary had time to prepare an answer to the reso-
lution.
Mr. COX. Perhaps not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And I think the gentle-
man is in too hot haste to pass his resolution. I
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. COX. With the consent of the House, one
word more. The gentleman "from Pennsylvania
will understand that I do not object to the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means in failing
to report a bill requiring these bonds to be paid in
coin. My object in referring to the matter in con-
nection with the Committee of Ways and Means
was to preventthe House from passing that resolu-
tion, and to prevent any moral or legal effect from
being given by the House for discriminating in
favor of one class of creditors, paying them in gold,
while we require all others to receive greenbacks.
I am very glad the Committee of Ways and Means
did not report back, with the recommendation that
it pass, such a bill as the resolution of the gentle- ,
man from New York called for. But I think it
would have been well for them to have reported
back the resolution with the recommendation that
Buch a bill do not pass, so that the Secretary of
the Treasury might have been admonished by this
House not to make this discrimination in favor of
these New York speculators, while our soldiers
are compelled to receive greenbacks.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will permit
me to say that, no far a*? I recollect, the resolution
of the gentleman from New \ ork required us ao-
solutely to rcpoit in favor of such a bill.
Mr. COX. I think not. But no matter as to
that.
One word in reply to the remark of the gentle-
man from Illinois. It may be that the Secretary
of the Treasury did not have time to answer this
resolution until the time had gone by; tor I un-
derstand that these bonds have now been paid m
coin. If such be the fact, then I desire, in iesponse
to this resolution, to know why he has so paid
them, and what t\ic his reasons for withholding
the information called for by the House up to this
time. In any event, the resolution will do no
harm, and it may do some good. At any rate, the
people ought at all times to have a watchful care
against these expenditures, which are becoming
so prodigal in their extent. I renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask for the vote upon
my motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The question was put, and twenty-six members
yoted in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 53; as fallows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold. AMilev, Baxter, Beaman. Bing-
ham, Buffiritoii, Burnham. Chamberlain. Chirk. Cohax,
Covode, Dtiell, Eliot, Femon, i-'ishrr, Hai^ht, Ilamaon, j
Hooppr, Itutchms, Julian, Fmpcis W. IC-'liogir, Lehman, j
Lovejoy, Low, Justin S. hlornll, Noel!, Olia, Timothy C. ;
Phelps, Riddle, Sargent. Sedgwick, tv,*gar, Spauidm?, I
Stevens, Van Horn, Van Vulkciibutirh, Wall, Washbumu, j
Wheeler, and Wmdom—40. |
NAY^—Meo-srs. William Allen, Aneona, Baii>, Riddle, i
Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Calvert, ('Inn- 1
ents Ro~eoe Centum?, Coiuvay, Coining, Cox, Ciavciw, i
Dunlap, Dunn, Thomas A. D. Fe.<$ondej), Franc hot. Good- j
win, Grangfi, Guder, Gurley, Hall, liaidsnir, liolman, |
Horton, Kenyan, Knopp, La\v,Lcary,Mcnzici, A.i-on P. t
Morrill, Nmtott. Ivndletoii. Porter, Pikv. John II R>oe, i
James S. RoiN,'-, ShanU, Sheffield, Siuel, Smith. William ;
Q. Steele, Bnijannu F. Thomas, Tinnblo, Trowbudac, j
VaUandigham, Wmd, Wtb*tei, Wickhffi>, Wilson, Wood, i
and Worcestei—
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and one mem-
bsfrs have answered to their names, which is more
than a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio and the House, I will move that
the further consideration ot the resolution be post-
poned until Wednesday next, at one o clock.
Mr. COX. I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic'service of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G4; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, ordered to be printed, and made the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, a joint resolution (S. No.
110) m relation to certain maps; and an act (S.
No. 419) to improve the organization of the cav-
alry forces; when the Speaker signed the same.
COMMITTEE OF WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that leave be granted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to sit during the ses-
sions of the House.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
wil'f be' as"wolfaccomplished by not bavmg"she j; mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
resolution adopted. Before it can be regularly 1 the civil; approbation^ OiU.
The question recurred upon the motion to refer
the resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the passage ot the
resolution. .
Mr. WASHBURNE. The report was made
out, but was not sent in, because Congress had
adjourned.
The SPEAKER. No debate is m order.
Mr. COX rose. -
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order on the
resolution.
Mr. COX. I wish to say a word by general
consent.
Consent was given.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that he
j cannot permit gentlemen to persist in speaking
; out of order.
i Mr. COX. I did not persist. 1 asked consent,
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman has consent
i to procepd.
! Mr. COX. I was about to say a word in ret-
j erence to the remark dropped by the gentleman
! from Illinois out of order.
I The SPEAKER. And which the Chair de-
j cided to be out of order.
! Mr. COX. Which I now desire the gentleman
! to repeat in order.
| Mr. WASHBURNE. I said that I understood
| the answer of the Secretary of the Treasury was
1 prepared, and would have been sent here if the
j House had continued in session. The gentleman
from Ohionowcomeshere with a resolution which
' can only be construed as an implied censure upon
1 the Secretary.
! Mr. COX. I expressly deny, that any such
! censure is implied by this resolution. If gentlc-
[I men are determined to censure him by it, upon
them be the responsibility.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman's object
replica to, the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, ah'eady referred to, will be laid before
the House.
Mr. COX. I have no official information ot
that fact. I demand the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move that
the further ctmsideuition of the resolution be
postponed until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the main ques-
tion has been ordered.
The question w?s put on the passage of the
resolution; and there weie—yeas 43, nays 46,
(no quorum voting;) as follows:
YGAS—Mcs-h William Allen, Aneona, Bailv, Bidd!<\
Blake, William G. Bnnvn, Calveit, Clements, Roseoe
Conkhnc, Coming. Cox. Craven*. Dunlap. Fianehot. Good-
win, Giangrr. Gndei. Hall, Haulms, Iloiman, Kenyan,
Knapp. Law.'Learv,'Alenzie<. Noiton, Pendleton, Porter,
Price. Jamc> S. Roiling .Sheffield, shiel, Smith, William
G. t^t'.'eJc. Benjamin F. Thomas Fiance Thomas. Tiow-
bridg*\ Vullanditfiiam, Waul, Webstvt, Wicklifto, Wood,
and Wotccter—43.
NAYS—Arnold, Baker, Beaman, Bingham. Buf-
fmton, Chambtiilaio, Clark, Colfax. Covode, Duel], Dunn,
Eliot, Fenton, Thoma* A. D. Fe>>enden, Fisher, Gurloy,
Haiglit, Harrison, Hooper, Horton, Hutchms, Julian, Wil-
liam Kellocjg, Lovejov, Low, McJvean, Mitchell, Justin S.
! Mornll, Noell, Olin, I'lk^John II. Rice, Riddle, Sargent,
! Sedmvick, Segar, Spauldmg, Stevens. Van Horn, \ an
! Valkenlmrgli, Walker, Wall, VVashburne, Wheeler, Wil-
! son, and VVnulom—46.
i Mr. WASHBURNE. There is no quorum
- present; and 1 move that the Hou.se do now ad-
1journ.
: The motion was disagreed to.
I Air. BLAKE moved that there be a call of the
| House.
I The motion was agreed to.
! The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
I following members failed to answer to their imrnes:
| Me-^r- William J. Allen, Alley, Ashley, Baxter, Samuel
! S. Biair, Geortr^ II. Browne, Bmnham, Campbell, Ca^'y,
! Cobb, Frederick A. Conklins, Conway, Cn«tieid, Critten-
, den, Cutter, Davis, Dawe*. Delano. LMaplaine, Duel), Ed-
sertoii, Ed\vatd>, P.!v. English, Fouko, Frank. Gooch,
1 Grange'', Hai<\ Hifkman, Horton. Johnson, lvilimyer.
. Lansing, Lazear, Loomis, McPher=on, Mallory, May,
Mitchell. Mootiiead, JN'ixon, Noble. Nugch, Odell, Patton,
Periy, John S. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander II Rice,
Richardson, Robinson, ^heilabatgcr, Sherman, Sloan,
Spauldmg, John B. Steele, Stiles, Stratton, Francis
Thomas, Train, Vandcvur, Van Wjck, Yenee, Vihbard,
Wadsvvorth, Walker, Wallnoc, Walton, Whaley, Albert rf.
Whit©, Chilton A. White, Woodruff, and Wright.
Mr. PENDLETON. Let us first go through
with the rail of States for resolutions.
Mr. STEVENS. Then we will do no busi-
ness to-day, and I must object. I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. H oi,-
MANin the chair,) and proceeded toconsidci House
bill No. G35, making appropriations for the legis-
btive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year eliding the 30th of June,
1864.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the first reading of
; the bill be dispensed with.
i The motion was agreed to. The bill was then
read by sections for amendment.
Mr. WARD moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Kellogg, of
Illinois, having taken the chair as Speakerpro tem-
pore, M r. Holmas? reported that the Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
| ing to order, had the Union generally under con-
! sideration, and particularly the civil appropriation
! bill, and had come to no resolution thereon,
j Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House do now
j adjourn.
| 'The House refused to adjourn; there being, on
I a division—ayes 23, noes 47.
i Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the civil
appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I object to the gentleman s
motion.
i Mr. STEVENS. I could move to suspend the
■ rules; but I will not do so. I move to go into com-
I mittee.
; On a division there were—ayes G7, noes 4; no
1 quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. I have done my best to pass
the appropriation bill; but it seems that the House
1 is determined to do no further business to-day 
, and I therefore move to adjourn.
| The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
1 cordmgly (at thirty-five minutes past three o 'clock,
| p. m.) adjourned.
