1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wt
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 6, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Caroline
S. Williams, administratrix of the estate of
Thomas R. Williams, deceased, praying for an
extension to heroftwo patents issued to her father
on May 6, 1851—one for improvements in the
machinery for hardening bats, in felting;, &c.; and
the other for improvement in machinery for form-
ing long bats for felting, &c.; winch was referred
(to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
George B. Cheover and others, ministers and
members of Christian churches of New York,
Brooklyn, &e., in meeting at the Church of the
Puritans in New York, deprecating- the indecisive
manner in which the war has been conducted in
regard to slavery, and recommending that a more
energetic policy be pursued for the entire, uncon-
ditional , and immediate emancipation of the slaves
of persons whether loyal or disloyal, and for the
speedy termination of the rebellion; winch was
refeired to the Committee on Militai y Affaii s and
the Militia.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of the city and State of New York, for the
passage of a general bankrupt law; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, accompanied by a letter ftom the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, praying for
the appointment of a sufficient number of watch-
men to guard the Smithsonian grounds; which
was referred to the Committee on PubhcBuildmgs
and Ground.5.
KEl'OKTS I'ROU COMMITTALS.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
557) in relation to preemption claims, and for
other purposes, reported it with an amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiilridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bdl (II. R. No. 5d0) for the
relief of persons for damage sustained by reason
of depredations and injuries by certain bands of
the Sioux Indians; and a joint resolution (11. R.
No. 124) relating to the transportation of sick,
wounded, and deceased soldiers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the Hous'j had signed the following enrolled
bills, and they weie thereupon signed by the
Vice Piesident:
An act (II. R. No. 321) to indemnify certain
citizens of the United States residing m the State
of Delaware for expenses incuired by them in the
defense of the United States;
An act (S. No. 419) to improve the organiza-
tion of the cavalry forces; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 110) in relation to
certain maps.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 447) to promote the comfoi t of
the sick and wounded soldiers, and to pi omote the
efficiency of the medical department of the Army
and of the volunteer forces; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agieed to:
Resohcd, Thai the Committee on Mil itaiy Aff.ur-- «iml 'he
Militia be m-UtiK'tetl to lmpine, ruid lepoi't to the Senate,
w bat legislation ls ncees-aiy to piovule loi reimbursing the
State or Minnesota tiie amount oi money advanced by the
State in <uppio>mg Indian Iiontilities within that xitate m
the yeai 1802.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (No. 582) for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of depredations and
injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The joint resolution (No. 124) relating to the
transportation of sick, wounded, and deceased sol-
diers was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committeeon Military Affairs and the Militia.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am directed
by the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia to report back to the Senate, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill referred to
them yesterday (S. No. 446) to suspend tempo-
rarily the operation of an act entitled "An act
to prevent and punish fiauds on the part of offi-
cers intrusted with making contracts for the Gov-
ernment," approved June 2, 18G2. 1 am also
instructed to ask that the bill be acted upon at
this time. It is very important that it should
pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that the operation of the act
entitled "An act to prevent and punish frauds on
the part of officers intrusted with the making of
contracts for the Government," approved June
18G2, be suspended until the first Monday of
January, 180 4.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I movn that the bill be
referred to the Judiciary Committee. The effect
of a bill like that would be to wipe outall crimes
committed under the law.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This bill,
Mr. President, is an exact copy of a bill passed
at the last session of Congress, suspending the
operations of the act to which it refers. Congress
passed an'act to prevent and punish frauds; but
when the time came to put it into execution, it
was believed it was an impracticable bill. An
effort was made to repeal it, but Congress was not
ready at that time to do so. 'I'hey, however, sus-
pended the operation of the act until the 1st of
January of this year. The 1st of January has
arrived, and the act is now the law of the land.
It is not put in operation, and Jt cannot be put in
operation, and the Government go on. This bill
proposes to suspend it again, and give us an op-
portunity to examine and modify it, and change
it, if we can, to eairy out the purpose for which
it was passed. We all agree m the object, but it
is an impracticable bill.
Mr. POWELL. I am very much opposed to
the bill just reported, suspending the operation of
the law designated. There is some curious his-
tory about it. At the extra session it passed both
Houses—in its presc i;t ibi in it is somewhat mod-
ified—and came back to the Senate with a verbal
amendment. General Meigs, the head of the
quartermaster's department, wrote a letter here
that it ought to he suspended. At t he last session
it was recommitted to the Judiciary Committee,
and most elaboiatciy investigated, reported back
with some amendments, and passed. Thereupon
they thought they could not get the machinery to
carry it into t fleet and operation very quickly, and
on motion, I believe, of the Senator from New
Htunpshn l\ [Mr. Hall,] a proposition was made
to suspend it until the 1st of January, in order,
as was then stated, to give them time to carry it
out. That time has elapsed, and now here comes
another bill for the purpose of further suspension.
In my judgment that law will do more to prevent
frauds on this Government than any and every
law on your statute-book; and I hope it will be
carried into effect, and that this bill may not pass.
I concur in the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, to lefer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary : for it was from that committee that the law
was originally reported.
Air. DOOLITTLE. If I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts correctly, the act has
never been in operation, in fact.
Mr. GRIMES. It has not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will withdraw my
motion. 1 supposed that the act had been m oper-
ation, and crimes might be committed undei it,
and that suspending it would suspend all power
to punish jor crimes actually committed. That
was my purpose in making the motion. I shall
withdraw the motion.
Mr. POWELL. I then renew the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can hardly think itworih
while to refer this bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary. We have had thfe subject under con-
sideration, and the bill was prepared under the
particular direction of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cowan,] in order to prevent and
punish fraud on the part of officers intrusted with4
making of contracts for the Government. There
had been great complaints of the perpetration of
frauds. There are still. This bill was, as the
Senator from Kentucky correctly stated,originally
passed at the special July session; and, at the in-
stance of the head of one of the bureaus, it was
stayed at that session on some verbal amendment,
It passed both Houses, and the amendment made
in the House was merely verbal; but the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] I think, received
a letter from the Gtuartermaster General, com-
plaining that the law could not be executed, and
it was suffered to lie upon the table. It was taken
up then at the last regular session and considered.
The heads of Departments were called upon to
show why it could not be executed, and to sug-
gest such amendments as were necessary. It was
held up for a long time without receiving any in-
formation from the Government why if could not
be executed, other than that which had been com-
municated by the head of one of the bureaus here,
and, I believe, some communications that were
sent, also, from the Navy Department. The bill
passed, became a Ia\v,and then a proposition was
brought in to suspend it, and it was suspended;
and now another proposition is made to suspend
itagain. Well,sir,I suppose it will besuspended
again, and I suggest to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in order to stop this special legislation
at each session suspending the law, to lepeal it at
once. If the Congress of the United States can-
not pass a law to prevent and punifh fraud on the
part of public officers making these contracts,
unless it shall be a law that is acceptable to them
and just such a law as they want, 1 think we had
better pass no law at all. I am opposed to this
constant passage of an act at every session sus-
pending this law. I say, repeal it at once. There
is no proposition from any of the Senators who
come in here with these letters to amend the law.
If it is so defective that it cannot be executed,
why have they not proposed in some way to
amend it? It has been up several times. At the
proper stage, if the bill is to pass at all, I shall
move to amend it, so as to repeal this law, for I
think it is idle legislation to be suspending it ses-
sion after session.
Mr. HALE, 1 have not an entirely distinct
recollection of what occurred at the last session on
this matter, but I think the Senator from Illinois
has fallen into one mistake, and the same one
which he made last session; and that is, that all
the heads of Departments had been applied to on
this subject. Some of them had. A statement
was made here that all had been applied to, and I
think an answer was made from some of them—if
my recollection serves me right it was the Navy
Department—that they had not been applied to,
and the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Co wan,]
who had something to do with the bill, I think,
admitted the correction, and that an application
had not been made to the Navy Department.
Now, sir, I think the safest way in this matter
lies between the gentlemen who propose to post-
pone the execution of the law to next January and
those who propose to repeal it. The action of
Congress heretofore on this subject seems to im-
ply that there is a necessity for some legislation,
and I think the wisest way would be to amend this
bill so as to postpone the execution of the law
until the last day of this session, which is but a
little more than six weeks, and then see if the
Committee on Military Affairs or the Committee
on the Judiciary cannot so perfect it that it may
effect the object which Congress had in passing it,
of preventing frauds, and at the same time relieve
it from some of the embarrassments which it will
otherwise throw on the Departments. If gentle-
men will withdraw the motions that have been
made so that I can make the motion, I will move
to amend the resolution so as to suspend the oper-
ation of the law till the 31 day of March next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am unwill-
ing that the Senate should decide this question
upon a false issue. The Senator from Illinois
treats it as though this was a law to punish frauds.
