1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
Mr. Lincoln was elected in nccoid.tnce with the Constitu-
tion, aiui was therefore, so ions as he respected the Consti-
tution, n constitutional Executive ; but it is no less trite that
the moment lie sot aside the Constitution, and -ul><tituted
for it hi* o\v n wiil, lie ceased to lie constitutional)} the Pres-
ident of thf United States.
" Have we, then, a Government which we are bound to
respect and obey ?
" Tilt* tune i.> faM coming when the question will have
become a practical one. is theie n constitutional Govern-
ment in existence at Washington? And. if there be not,
whether tometteps shall not be taken to ha\o one esub-
lislK'it r"5 * * * * " Wc are not aft aid to say
that the people of the United States will not submit very
long to an unconstitutional Government."
In an article on the 28th of May, 1862, his news-
paper stated:
"The President and Congress, seivauts of the people,
have become their masters, and a despotism of the most
odious, intolerant, and insupportable character has been
adopted at Washington.5' ******
" Ye*, readers and tiiends. our glorious Government under
which we as a people §icw croat and pio^peious, and be-
came tl t  envy and the admiration of the world, has been
subverted antf destroyed, and in its place a stratoeiacy. a
military des-potis-m has been established without the consent
of the people. Abraham Lincoln rules not as a President,
but as a stratociat; his will, not the Constitution under
which he \va* elected, being the law.
"We have chained the ruling powers, and we charge
them again, with having committed treason against the
country. We have charged them, and we charge them again,
with having incited rebellion in one section of the country
by pandering the fanaticism of another section. What shall
be done to remedythisstateof things? We have answered
the question often before; we have none other to give now
that the people will acquiesce in. It is a long time to wait
for the election of Congressmen next fall"—
This was in May—
" and still longer, even if the people should elect a Congress
of statesmen and patriot* then, to wait nil they could meet
at Washington to take measures for the ie«totation of the
Union and the preservation of the Constitution. Could
nothing be done in the mean tune? Yes, but the people
will not do it. They could, if they would, meet and de-
mand of Congress and of the Pies>uh*nt that they cease to
commit aggressions on the Constitution ; that they should
cea«e the performance and commission of acts of govern-
ment which incite rebellion instead of putting it down;
that they should so conduct the Government as to presoi ve
the bless-mgs of political liberty instead of looting up from
their very foundations every veptige of political right
claimed to be theirs inherently by the American people."
I do not know, I have never taken the trouble
to inquire, whether Mr. JVIahony was arrested foi
any connection with the publication of this news-
paper or not. i only know that the articles which
I have read, which have been furnished tome,
appeared in the paper of which he was editor,
owner, and publisher; and from them Senators can
form their own judgment as to what was the spirit
which pervaded tiie articles, and the intent with
which they were evidently written.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the Senator if lie
read the entire articles, or has given whot purport
to be extracts ?
Mr. GRIMES. I have not read the articles in
the oiiginal paper, but these extracts have been
furnished to me by n gentleman of the town in
which he lives, of most undoubted reputation, and
who has referred to the identical date of the news-
papers in which the articles themselves were pub-
lished.
Mr. POWELL. I know nothing on earth about
Mr. Mahony's newspaper. The man is a per-
fect stranger to me; I do not know htm; 1 have
never seen him; but he is said to be a man of in-
tegrity and veracity; and lie does say, hnd he
makes a clear .statement too, with very specific
reference to individuals,that this representation is
not true. I should be glad if the Senator from
Illinois would tell us what is the character of those
two constituents of his, Judge Dunn and Mr.
Mulkey.
Mr. RICHARB^ON. There is no dispute
about their character by anybody in our State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me, Mr. President, that we had bettei^e legisla-
ting to put down tiiis rebellion than discussing the
character of a man who, within the past week,
in the city of New York, in public meetingf">and
in the press, has proved to the satisfaction of
every intelligent man, who has read what he has
written, that his sympathies are with the traitors
who are endeavoring to overthrow this country.
The other day, in the city of New York, John
Van Buren, who is an moication of which way
the current is turning, made a patriotic speech.
Lost tail lie ran with the current and denounced
the. Government. lie would " let the cinng sis-
ters depart in peace." But John Van Buren has
come to see what every man in the country sees,
that the current is setting agajnst traitors and trai-
tor sympathizers, and that they are to go down
beneath the condemnation of the American people,
whether they are in or outof the Congressof the
United States. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order! j
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. John Van
Buren the other day made a speech which had the
ring of patriotism in it. Uo declared, not that
" erring sisters might depart in peace," but that
he never would consent to recognize this traitor
confederacy. This Mahony happening to be in
New Yoik has taken special pains to have it un-
derstood that he rebukes John Van Buren, and he
has written to the New York papers to prove what
we all know, that his heart is black with sympa-
thy with treason, and yet the time of the Senate of
the United States, having the cause of this coun-
try in its hands, havinga duty to do to carry this
country through this bloody revolution inaugu-
rated by traitors, is to be taken up in discussing
the character of this rebel sympathizer. Sir, l
think we had better occupy the time of the Sen-
ate in maturmgand passing those measures which
skail carry this nation in triumph through this
contest,and put down the rebels in arms; for when
they go down, the men whose hearts and sympa-
thies are with them will go down with them. I
move that we proceed to the consideration of the
bill that was pending when we took the recess, to
reorganize the courts in the District of Columbia.
Mr. POWELL. In regard to what the Senator
says of Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Mahony, in New
York, I know nothing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state, in answer to the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, that that
bill was postponed by order of the Senate with a
view to take up for consideration the lesolution
now before the Senate, and it can be disposed of
only by the same authority and same order.
iClr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
this resolution lie on the table.
Mr. POWELL. I have the floor. I am not
going to take up the time of the Senate on this
subject. 1 did not suppose it would take ten min-
utes; but the debate lias continued longer. I will
say that Mr. Mahony and all the gentlemen men-
tioned arc utter strangeis to me. 1 have done
what I believed to be an act of justice to them. I
know nothing of Mr. Van Buren swallowing him-
self in New York. I know nothing whatever of
Mr. Mahony's actions there. WhatI have done
I deemed it my duty to do, and what I would do
for any stranger whose name I had brought be-
fore the body as I did by that resolution. I have
nothing more to say, and am willing that the res-
olution be laid on the table.
Mr. H ARRIS. I move that the Senate resume
theconsidciation of the bill reorganizing the courts
of the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That must be
preceded by a motion to postpone or to lay on the
table, or some other motion to dispose of the pres-
ent question. A motion to resume the consider-
ation of another bill is not in order. By some
motion the pending question before the Senate
must be disposed of,and then the bill which was
before under consideration is in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now'move
that the Senate resume the consideration of the
bili (S. No. 259) temodeling the courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill is
now before the Senate without a motion. The
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled to
the floor; the direct question being-on the amend-
ment moved by the Senatorfrom Kentucky, [Mr.
Poweli ,] to strike out the first section of the bill,
and insert in lieu thereof the words that have been
read.
Mr. DAVIS. Before resuming my remarks, I
will ask that the memorial of the members of the
bar of this city be- nad.
The PRE.S I DENTpro tempore. It will be read.
The Secretary read it,as follows:
To the honorably the Senate atul Howe oj Representatives,
of the United States : j'
The undersigned, member ot the bar of the District of i|
Columbia, respectfully rcpiesent:
That they have seen with surprise that a bill hag b€«n ;!
reported to the Senate to reorganize the courts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which proposes to abolish three of said
court*, namely, the circuit, district, antl criminal courts of
said District.
They respectfully submit that the courts which are pw
posed to be thus abolished have been pioved by experience
to he efficient and adequate for the admf nidation of justice
in this District, and that the present judges have the respect
and confidence of the protession and of the community
generally.
They believe that this measure is not called for by nny
public necessity, and that it would not be acceptable to the
great mass of the people of this District.
They therefore pray your honorable bodies to rejcct tbo
samp.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
JNO. MARBURY. RICHARD TJ. CLARKE.
W. UEDIN. W. J. FENDALL.
P. It. FENDALL. RICHARD WALLACII.
J. M. CARLISLE. . JAMES ANDREW WISE.
JOS. 11. BRADLEY. WALTER D. DAVIDGE.
EDW. C. (HARRINGTON. It. tt. LASICEY.
JOHN C. KENNEDY. . F. W. JONES.
VV. J. STONE. Jr. CII. 11. WINDER.
WALTERS COX. C. INGLE.
J. CARTER MARBURY. J. L. JOHNSON.
F. R SCHMIDT. WM. II. PHILLIPS.
SAMUEL T. DRURY. R. S. MORSELL.
it. P. JACKSON. SEATON MUNROE.
JOHN E. NORRIS. JOHN CARROLL BRENT.
A.LLOYD. DAVID A. BURR.
WM. P. MATTINGLY. R. 3. DAVIS.
M. ASUFORD. J. S. WILLIAMS.
EUGENE OARUSf. A. TIIO. SMITH.
WM. JOHN MILLER. CIIAS. II. UTERMEHLE.
E. CIIAPIN. JOSEPH II. BRADLEY.
SAMUEL L. PHILLIPS. JOHN F. ENNIrf.
ROBERT M. BEALE. WM. H. WARD.
JOHN H. McCUTCHEN. HUGH CAPERTON.
WM. A. WHARTON. NATHANIEL WILSON.
GEO. H. ARMSTRONG.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not know
the number of the members of the bar of this Dis-
trict, but I am informed that the names on the
paper just read constitute the great body of them.
The bill under consideration proposes to abolish
the three courts of the District—the circuit, crim-
inal, and orphans' court. I presume if there
was a movement made in the Legislature of New
York or Pennsylvania to abolish all the courts in
the cities of New York and Philadelphia respect-
ively, not only without any request or movement
by their respective bars, but against as general an
expostulation as seems to have been signed by the
members of the bar in this city, it would hardly
be tolerated. I suppose if the honorable Senator
from New York was now a member of the Senate
of the Legislature of that State, he would hardly
have been instructed by the members acting with
him upon a committee of the Senate of New York,
nor would he have moved of his own will, to the
abolition of all the courts of the city of New York,
under precisely the same state of facts that this
assault upon the courts in this District is now
made. The movement here proceeds from a dif-
ferent state of the case. The members of the bar
of this District have no representation in Con-
gress. The honorable Senator from New York
and the Senators associated with him upon tho
Judiciary Committee, who instructed him to re-
port this bill for the abolition of the coutts of the
District of Columbia, are under no responsibility
to the gentlemen who have remonstrated against
the measure. It is very convenient for gentle-
men to repent for the sins of others. It is very
agreeable for gentlemen to reform the lives, con-
duct,and principles ofothers, withoutany repent-
ance or reformation for themselves. It is quite
easy for gentlemen who feel no accountability
whatever to the people of this District to interpose
in all their affairs,and,unasked, to experiment in
their most important interest by partisan and the-
oretical legislation, because they have no voice
hero. But it seems to me that that rule of con-
duct which gentlemen would observe in relation
to their own constituents, to whom they are re-
sponsible, ought, in justice and magnanimity, to
govern in this Chamber in relation to the people
of this District and their conccrns.
1 know that the effect of this measure^ff it pre-
vails, is to remove all the judges of the courts
assaulted from their offices. I take it for granted
that that is the object of the bill; but I expressly
exempt the honorable Senator from New York of
having any such object, for he has disclaimed it.
But'that that is the motive which animates the
men who constitute the forces that are moving in
this measure I am not so soft as to doubt. 1 know
full well that if such a result was not to ensue,
this abolition of the courts would never have been
attempted, and if attempted would never take
place. *
