THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0'.:
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1863.
New Series No; 72. *
not be long delayed. Could not a retrospect of
the history of your profession through the past
ages to remote antiquity save its honor and fame
at youi hands in our day and country? Recur to i
Cicero and Sulpicius, to the ages of Theodosius
the Great and Justinian, to Trcbonian and his
great associate codifiers, to Brocton, Glanville,
and Flata, Hale and Camden, to the parliaments
of Paris and the French provinces, and through-
out all the ages and countries of the world, where
liberty and law have in ajiy degree abided, their
truestand mostenlightened advoeatesand defend-
ers have been found in the courts and the legal
profession. This is a great truth; but itis easily
explained. Law is the parent of order and lib-
erty. It is a science founded in reason, truth, and
justice. The principles which it evolves estab-
lish equality and right among men, veneration for
justice, and aversion for wrong and oppression.
Those who give to the law the labor and thoughts i
of their lives necessarily become the votaries of
order and liberty. Its long and illustrious history,
the myriadsof great and spotlessnames thatadoni
it, should shame the degeneracy of the moment.
This bill will-pass. If it should be tamely sub-
mitted to by the American people; if it and the
many other atrocious measures of the party in
power shall not produce a great and healthy re-
action in public opinion, and bring about their
overthrow; then all is lost. They will make, all
the district courts and the Supreme Coiut their
spoils. A radical and daring faction will have
subverted the great principles of the Government,
and while they retain the form make it practi-
cally a despotism. They will have a short career
of oppression, violence, and anarchy, and will
then give place to a military despot. But I have
a brighter and a nobler hope for my country.
The people are not yet prepared for the overthrow
of the Constitution, for Uharchy, and slavery. I
have confidence that they have intelligence, virtue,
r.nd strength enough to strangle both the seces-
sionists of the South and the abolitionists of the
North, those two wicked and desperate factions
who have been so long working for the destruo-
4ion of the Constitution—the one to abolish sla-
very, and the other to establish a southern con-
fedeiacy—they will yet rescue the Constitution,
restore the Union, and execute the laws. Mr.
President, I have spoken earnestly upon this meas-
ure, because I have advocated a great principle,
the independence of the judiciary. Itwas for this
most vital of all the principles of free constitu-
tional government, when it was attacked in the
highest court of my own State, that I made my
first public argument. Itis hallowed in my mem-
ory, it claims all my leasou and beait, and I could
but speak earnestly in its support.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have
loved to hear the sentences pronounced by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] for it makes
me think that there is some remembrance of the
former times when wise men sat in council. Most
of us now are young men and hardly have the
right to call ourselves counselors. The Senator
from Kentucky has that right. I am glad that there
is some one of the old men of the nation yet in the
Senate flail to talk about grave matters and say
grave truths. I thit^i that this attempt at the dis-
turbance of the Jucnciary of the District of Co-
lumbia is a mere aggressive movement, without
any merit in point of right. That is my opinion,
and the Senatorfrom Kentucky has expressed my
views as to the general principle.
I will not engage in the argument, but I do
think that this thing of undertaking to distui b the
organized administration of law byjtidgcspiopeily
selected and known, is one of the worstpieees of
empyricistn that can happen in our system of gov-
ernment. I tiust that the argument which has
been made by the Senator from Kentucky may
have been heard by the Senators who surround me,
and they may have been convinced to a conclu-
sion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Powell,] which is to strike out the
72
first section of the bill, and in Jieu of it to insert
"that an additional justice be added to the circuit
com t of the District of Columbia."
Mr. POWELL. I cull fot the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I merely wished to indicate
by theamendmentthattheobjectisnot to remove
by this bill the judges of the present court. If
the object is to legislate the present judges out of
office, of course the Senate will vote against this
amendment; but if the amendment be adopted all
the reforms in the judiciary system of the Dis-
trict that are in the bill can be secured without
removing the judges.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it is some-
thing to have informed judges, and I take the lib-
erty to say that it is a valuable thing to have ad-
vised judges about the business of any particular
locality. It would take very much to induce me
to think that the judges who have presided over
the courts of this "District for many years are in-
competent, and that a new set of judges should
be inaugurated. I say it would be mischievous,
very mischievous, and I object to it. They are
jtftlges learned to be judges by the discipline of
the law, and who have grown into theircapacity.
The judges here have boon approved; and a bill
that aims, as I am advised this bill aims, at chang-
ing the judges of the District of Columbia, is, in
my opinion, a mischievous bill. 1 am opposed
to any such thing.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have already
stated that this bill contemplates a simple and effi-
cient organization of the courts in this District. It
proposes to abolish the circuit court, composed
now of three judges v It proposes to abolish the dis-
trict court, which is held, as I understand, by the
chief justice of the circuit couit. It proposes to
abolish the criminal court, of which there is a
single jud^e, although that office is at present va-
cant. It proposes to organize in lieu of all these
courts—the circuit court, the district court, and
the criminal court—a single court, to be composed
of four judges, each of whom shall have jurisdic-
tion to hold a circuit court or u district court or
a criminal court, and shall have "jurisdiction to
hold a special term for the trial of equity causes, and
to hold a circuit court for the trial of questions of
law. The court is to be composed of four judges
having this peculiar junsdiction, abolishing ail
these other courts.
Now, sir, as to the expediency of this. It has
been found throughout the country that the prog-
ress of the age, the exigencies of the times re-
quire changes. Perhaps there is not an old State
in the Union whose judicial system has not been
changed to suit it to the times. Within my own
recollection, in my own State, twice by an alter-
ation of the constitution our courts have been
abolished. No one has thought that this was a
very objectionable innovation. A better system
has been substituted for that which was wiped out.
In the District of Columbia these coui tshave been
organized for sixty years and moie. From time to
time Congress has passed acts patching up these
dilapidated courts, and they have come to be one
great system of patchwork. It is proposed by this
bill to simplify them, to reorganize these courts;
and it is intended to make them more efficient, to
adapt them more fully to the exigencies of society
here. This is the object of the bill. It seems to
me that it is not liable to the objections that have
been made.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mi\ Dams] has
made a veiy elaborate aigument to show that it
is unconstitutional. Let us look at that for a sin-
gle moment. I do not propose to aiguc it; I will
not attempt to argue it at this late hour; but let
us look at it for a moment, and see how the ques-
tion stands. The Constitution vests the judicial
power of the United States "m one Supreme
Court1'—that we all agree is beyond the roach of :
legislation—"and m such inferior courts"—sub- j
ordinate they must be to the Supreme Court— j
c< such inferior courts as the Congress may from !
time to time ordain and establish." Atone time j
Congress ordained and established a eet of courts l
in the District of Columbia. They are in one aepse?
constitutional courts; yet they owe their existence
not to the Constitution, but to the legislation of
Congress. But for the act of Congress they never
would have existed.' They are the creatures
congressional action. Congress having created"
them, did not make them, as the Senator fromt
Kentucky would argue, immortal. They are not
to exist forever. Congress " from time to time**
may create these inferior courts, and the power
that creates them can abolish them. In reference
to these courts in the District of Columbia, Con-
gress no doubt has the power to abolish them and
substitute other courts. Congress has seen fit to
create throughout all the States district courts; yet
does any one doubt that Congress would have the
right to abolish all the district courts throughout
the Union, and to substitute some other tribunal
in their place ? It is in the exercise of this power
given by the Constitution from time to time to
ordain and establish inferior courts.
Now, let me say one word, and that is all I pro-
pose to say, in reference to the object of this bill.
It is said that the purpose of the bill is reafly to
legislate out of office thesejudges, Letusseeiiow
it stands. There is one vacancy. Anotherof the
judges is now, I understand, over eighty years of
age, entirely superannuated. That leaves two.
One of those two, 1 understand, is a highly re-
spectable gentleman, and if my own wish on the
subject could bo realized, if this bill shall pass he
would be reappointed as a judge of the new court?.
As to the other, I understand—although I do not
know him—that his loyalty is somewhat ques-
tionable. If that be so, I should certainly prefer
that he should notgointo the new court; but how-
ever that may be, it is a question for the Pres-
ident. The only effect, therefore, of passing this
bill, so far as it relates to the officers of the court,
will be, at most, the removal of two judges, one
of whom I think would be a proper candidate for
reappointment, while probably the other would
not. It seems to me there is no constitutional
difficulty in the way; and, on the other hand, I
think it is highly expedient that the bill should
be passed.
Mr. DAVIS. In reply to the argument of the
Senator from New York, I willjustputacase. The
senators in the State of Kentucky are elected for
the term of four years. Some two, three, four,
or five counties are thrown together and aie made
one distiict by the act of the Legislature. Sup-
pose after the organization of the senatorial disr-
tricts, at the first session of the Legislature, they
should repeal the law establishing all the districts
or any particular senatorial district. The gentle-
man may say that one Legislature can repeat a *
law that another one can enact. Grant ii. But
what would be the effect of that law? Would it
remove a senator from office until the expiration
of his term? Certainly not. And-why? jBecause
the constitution declares that he shall hold his
office for four years, and no legislation can take
place legitimately that can abridge that term.
So in relation to congressional districts; the
States are arranged into congressional districts;
the districts are formed by one party, and one elec-
tion takes place. - At the ensuing election party
ascendency is changed, and the law making the
districts is repealed before the term of service of
the Representatives expires: would the repeal of
the law lemove those Rcpiesentatives from office
or abridge their term ? Certainly not; and why
not? Because the Constitution ways they shall
hold their offices for the term of two years.
Now, sir, in relation to tins court, the Consti-
tution saylrhat the judicial power of the Govern-
meutshall be vested in a Supreme Court and sucl\
inferior courts as Congress may from time to time-
establish ; but that clause of the Constitution is to,
be taken in connection with and be construed with
the other clause of the Constitution which ex-
pressly declares that judges idial! hold their offices
during the term of good behavior. If it be con-
eeded that Congress, can pass laws in relation to
the district cour.ts of the United States, or the cir-
cuit court in this District, their legislation wquUI{;
