1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
be subject to that very clause of the Constitution
which declares, in the most explicit terms, that
judges shall hold their offices during good beha-
vior. No legislation of Congress that could sub-
sequently take place could restrict the constitu-
tional tenure by which the judges held their
offices. _ , , ,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I had oc-
casion the other day to submit some views in op-
position to the passage of the bill, and I shall not
now go into a further discussion as to the propri-
ety or impropriety of its passage, further than to
call the attention of the country to the facts ofthe
ease. Certain courts exist in this District. A
proposition is made in the Senate of the United
States to abolish those courts, and to create a
court with a new name, but a court upon which
is conferred no new powers, a court that will not
have jurisdiction over a single matter which the
courts as now existent have not;a bill which does
not in the least affect the interest of the people of
this District, further than that by the change of
name of the court, and abolishing the existing
courts and establishing a new court with another
name, the existingjudges are to be removed. This
measure comes before the Congress of the United
States not upon the application of a single person
residing in this District, so far as we have any
evidence, not according to the wish of any citizen
of tl^ District. No petition has been presented
to Congress asking for this change. No person
in the District has complained to Congress that
any injury has been done to him or to the pub-
lic under the existing system or by the existing
judges; but, on the contiary, forty-eight members
ofthe bar of this District—in which list is included
nearly every lawyer of standing at the bar, every
one who has a brief in court—have sent a petition
asking this Congress not to make the change, and
solemnly protesting against it. Perhaps it may
be too general to say every lawyer who has a brief
in court signs this petition; but as far as my in-
formation extends—ami I have been in conference
with some members of the bar on this subject—!
am informed thpt all the leading members of the
bar of the city have their names attached to tins
memorial.
Now, sir, there is some cause for this, and what
is it? What is the cause that leads to the intro-
duction of this bill, mid will lead to its passage,
if it does pass? I do not mean by the remarks I
make to reflect on the honorable Senator who in-
troduces the measure here. No doubt he has in-
formation which satisfies his own mind that it i^
a proper measure; but I submit to the Congress
of tho United States that those gentlemen whose
names are appended to this remonstrance, Mr.
Marbury, who I am informed is one of the oldest
membeisof the bar; Mr. Bradley, Mr. Caihsle,
Mr. Davidge, and all those gentlemen who have
large practice at the bar of tins city, are much
more competent to judge of the necessity of the
public in reference to this matter, ami of the de-
sire of the people uf the Distuct, than are we who
are sojourners simply for a brief time in this Dis-
trict.
The question then occurs, what ia the motive?
Mr. President, an intelligent public will answer
that question. There can bebutonc motive,and
that is to give to the present Executive of the Uni-
ted States the power to render the judiciary of this
District subservient to his will, by such appoint-
ments as he shall choose to make. Sir, it is a dan-
gerous precedent to su in the Senate. And can
you hope it will not be followed ? If, on the 4th
day of March, 18G5,a m-w President of different
political views shall bo inaugurated on the east
front of this Capitol, do you suppose an effort
will not be made to induce him, in cas<  Congress
shall pass a law repealing your present act, to ap-
point judges of his political opinions? Sir, if we
ever come to that condition where the stability of
the iudicial office is to depend upoiuthe popular
wilfas expressed every four years, the adminis-
tration of justice must become corrupt, the lights
of the people must be disregarded, because the
dependent judge, the judge that either hangs upon
a prmco'u smiies or a Pi-esidcnt's favor, will not
be honest and faithful.
Mr. Presidt nt, I would say to the Senate,if my
words would he heeded, in the midst of the wreck
and change of the present hour, spare, oh! spare
One thing; spare an honest, faithful judiciary.
*•' Mr. Pu WELL, i wiH trouble the Senate with
a very brief reply to the honorable Senator from
New "York. The Senator from New York states
that the object of this bill is to reduce into one, to
give system to the laws governing the courts in
this District. He has told us that these courts
have existed here over sixty years, and that their
jurisdiction and everything pertaining to them ex-
ists in what he calls a patchwork running through
sixty years of legislation. If that be so, I ask the
honorable Senator—and I hope he will give me
his attention—whether he cures the detect by this
bill. If the object was to consolidate, to put into
one, to reduce to system the various laws relative
to the courts in the District of Columbia that have
been passed during the last sixty years, I should
suppose the Senator would accomplish that by a
codification of those laws, by reducing them into
one. But that is not the object that is effected by
the bill, and I was astounded when the honorable
Senator made the declaration that that was the ob-
ject, for had it been the object I am certain so astute
a lawyer as the Senator would have accomplished
the task in a manner becoming so distinguished a
member of the profession to which he belongs.
Has the Senator reduced into one, has he made a
system out of the various conflicting laws scat-
tered over your statute-book for the last sixty
years? No, sir. Has he by this bill added any-
thing to the juiisdiction of the courts? No, sir.
He leaves all these things precisely where he found
them, in the various statutes upon your statute-
books for the last sixty years; and that will be
apparent by reading a part of two sections of this
bill. The first section of the bill indicates the
name of the court and the number of the justices.
The second section gives them power to appoint
a clerk. The third section is in these words:
Jind be it /wither enacted, That Hie supreme court organ-
bv this act Mmll the fame powers and evcr-
eiM' tiie^um-jut wiictioaas is now po-ses>ed and exeici ed
by the ciiciut court of the District of Columbia.
Thus you see that this act confers the same
jurisdiction, no more, no less, as is conferred
upon the circuit court of the District of Columbia.
Does the Senator in this bill, in reducing this mass
of law to system, as he tells us is the object, de-
fine what that jurisdiction is ? No, sir. He leaves
it m the very statutes where he found it, scattered
over a period of over sixty years. The fourth
section piovides:
And be it further enacted, That genml terms of the said
supremo couit t-hali beheld at the same tunes at which
U'ims of the cnciur court of the District of Columbia me
now lequircd to be held, and at the same place.
He even requires the terms of the court to be
held at the same times and at the same places,
and gives them the exact jurisdiction they have
by the lawsas they now exist,and no more; and
yet the Senator tells us his object is, out of this
confused mass of legislation, to bring order, sys-
tem, and unity. "VVhy, sir, the learned Senator
falls very far short of his object, if that be the
case; he does not effect it. 1 would ask the Sen-
ator to point to a single clause m this bin that
gives to this court any more or any less juris-
diction than the circuit court of the District of
Columbia now has, save, perhaps, one single sec-
tion. Theie is a section here that says they may
try a justice of the peace. The Senator fiom Del-
aware says they can remove him now. I under-
stood the Senator front Iowa, the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, the other
day to say they could not. 1 do not know which
of these two gentlemen is correct; but if the Sen-
ator fiom Iowa is correct, this section gives them
that additional jurisdiction; but, with that ex-
ception, there is no additional jurisdiction given;
and yet the Senator from New York tells us that
the object is to put into system this mass of legis-
lation'scattered over this long period of years.
Certainly the Senator is not in earnest. It must
be a joke, a magnificent joke ofthe Senator, when
he tells us that such is his object, for we know the
capacity of the Senator; we know that he could
put these laws into system, he could reduce them
into one, he could point out the jurisdiction of this
couit in the law; but he does not do it. He sim-
ply says this court shall have the very same ju-
risdiction, shall hold its terms at the very same
tiroes and the same places where the circuit court
is now held in the District.
Mr. President, the declaration ofthe Senator that
he wishes to reduce this to a system is strange, in-
deed, when you examine the bill. It reduces them
to no system. H leaves them precisely where
they were; and every lawyer in the District of
Columbia who practices in the present court, and
who shall practice in this new court if this bill
shall become a law, will have to look to the very
statutes scattered over the long period of years of
which the gentleman complains, in hopeless con-
fusion, as he would indicate. They will have to
look into all these statutes to find the laws gov-
erning this court. He has not systematized them;
he has not codified them; he has not reduced them
to unity; there is nothing of the kind in the bill;
and yet he tells us that is the object. He tells us
that the bill is adapted to the civilization of the
times and the progress of the age. I would say to
that honorable Senator that there are some things
that we had better leave stationary. The Supreme
Court ofthe United States has existed since the
Government began, and 1 do not think that any
wise legislator would now attempt to interfere
with that court as fixed by the Constitution. Time
but sanctified it. So far from there being a multi-
plicity of statutes, the statutes are but the history
ofthe progress of judicial science.
If the Senator had formed a bill really to meet
the object that he has said this bill was intended
to accomplish, and let these courts exist as they
are, it would have been a laudable undertaking;
that labor would have taken all the laws concern-
ing these courts, and where they were conflicting
would have harmonized them, would have reduced
them into one, so that the lawyer or the citizen
upon reading one law would have at once before
him all the laws regulating the courts in the Dis-
trict. If he had performed that labor, it would
have been one which the country, and the people
of the Distriat particularly, and the members of
the piofession in the District, would have been
grateful to him for; but they come en masse almost
and protest against this bill. They have desired
a codification of their laws. That is proper. The
Senator avows that he has reduced these laws to
system. His bill does not effect the object of his
declaration.
Mr. President, the whole fact is, when you read
the bill and see the jurisdiction conferred, being
the very same that th^courts as now organized
possess, that the naked question presented is
whether we shall, by this kind of legislation, turn
out the judges that are in, and put in others; for
that is all that is in the bill. It is useless, by any
kind of argument, to avoid that issue. It stands
so direct, so clear, so pointed, so stubborn, that
there can be no resisting it; and when my honor-
able friend from New York says that is not his in-
tention, I look upon it as a high joke of the Sen-
ator. But allow me to tell the Senator we are not
going to be duped by jokes. I know the Senator
would not declare anything that he did not be-
lieve; I do not pietend to intimate it; but the Sen-
ator was in a facetious mood. Allow me to tell
the Senator that we do not take his joke; we know
the object of his bill.
Mr. President, it is a dangerous precedent,
fraught with much injui y. It has been the object
of wise, virtuous, law-abiding statesmen, from the
earliest ages of civilization, to make the judiciary
independent; and when our English ancestors
placed the judges above the influence of the Crown,
it was thought they had made a long and a proud
progtess toward the protection of human liberty
and the rights ofthe people. The time was, in that
country, when the judges held their places at the
will of the Crown, and we all know the disastrous
results which that system produced. We have
not forgotten the rulings of those minions of power
during tho reigns of the Stuarts; and the patriots
of that day and their descendants to this have
honored the men who placed the judges of Eng-
land above the Ciown.
Our ancestors, following that very same exam-
ple, thought they had effected the same object when
they formed the present Constitution. They de-
clared that the judges should hold their office dur-
ing good behavior. They declared, futther, that
their salaries should not be diminished during the
term for which they held their office, thus putting
them without the reach of tho appointing power.
The Senator from New York comes in with this
bill and lays the ax to the very root of this sub-
lime, hbei ty-loving teaching that our fathers put
into the Constitution. He wishes your judges to
hold their offices by that frail tenure known as
political success. That is the effect, that is the
object, and that will be the result of the Sena-
