1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
rapidly decreasing resources; the perturbation of
the less enlightened is generated by the phantasm
of a disturbed order of things, social and political
equality of the races, and the ruin which is to re-
sult from an utter failure to suppress the insurrec-
tion. Twelve months ago fourteen men, in the
name of Democracy, less than one fourth of the
Democrats in both Houses of Congress, issued
their call for the organization of a party in this
the hour of our trial; and to this may be traced
the cause of the present division in the North, the
bitter partisan contioversies, the indulgence of
private feeling, opposition to the draft, the dis-
couragement of enlistments, the arraying of party
against paity: these are the legitimate fruits of
such organizations at such a time.
When peace prevails throughout the land, and
the arts of peacc bless the people, their own sense
of propriety is the limit which restrains the free-
dom of discussion; and party divisions on ques-
tions of administration are natural and whole-
some. But in civil war, how vast the change!
Intense passions are aroused, to which at other
times the public heart is a stranger, and impulses
are created as overwhelming as they arc strange.
Party organizations, under such circumstances,
are fraught with fearful consequences. Against
this the lamented Douglas thus raised his warn-
ing voice:
"Allow me to say to von, you will not be true to your
country, if you ever attempt to inanufactuie p.uti^an capi-
tal out of tin: miseiies ofyoui counti v« When calling upon
Demoeiats to ia!ly to the tented fields, leaving wife, child,
father and mother behind them, to the re>eueof the Presi-
dent that you elected, do not make wai upon them, and try
to manufacture parri-.tti capital out of a s-tiuggle in which
they are engaged I to m the holiest and puie.-t of motives."
Oh that we could adopt his sentiments and
carry them out into practice, as he thus uttered
them:
"Whenever our Government is assailed, when hostile
armies arc niaiclung under lude and odiou-« bannei.-, against
the Government of oui country, the phone^t way to peace
is the most stupendous and unammou*. prepaiation lor wai.
The gieater unanimity, the less blood will be shed. The
more prompt and eneigetic the movement, and tin; moie
important it is in numbers, the shorter will be the •stiucgle "
As if this wei e not sufficient, and that his coun-
trymen might know his opinions on the origin of
the war, lie said:
"The present seee^Mnn movement is the result of an
enormous conspiracy loimed by leader in the southern
confederacy moie than twelve months ago."
And that none should doubt his position, he left
thofollowing declaration on record, which may be
read of all men:
" There are only two sides to the question. Ever} man
must l>e for the United State* or against it. There can be
no neutrah m this war—only patnois or traitors/'
It requires no gift of prophecy nor the wisdom
of the statesman to discover that in times like
these, if there be party organizations, one, what-
ever they may say, being for the country, the
other must be against it.
In the discussions of the present day, there is a
remarkable unanimity observable to revolt to the !
past, and I would not close so instructive a vol- j
ume; we may become wiser by the retrospect; j
the contemplation of past blessings and privileges 1
must bring convictions of blessings abused, and i
privileges for which we have not been sufficiently '
fratpful, and prompt to the discharge of pic-sent !
uty, for the present is imperious and absolute in ;
its demands. We may accumulate wisdom from i
the past, but we have no time for fruitless repm- j
ings over receding years. The leaf of their his- j
toiy has been written; the page of the present is '
a tabula rasa, and the ti ue pan lot will inquire how !
hemay worthily fill it? He will notask what have
the abolitionists done, or what has been done by
the southerner, but " what does the present hour
demand of mc?"and his patriotic heart will beat
responsive to the claims of present duty. It is
true we sometimes hear the response, I intend to
be loyal to the Constitution and to the country.
Such was the purportof the language of my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] who seemed to
suppose that he was obnoxious to a charge of '
disloyalty, because he was not loyal to the pres- j
ent Executive. Such a sentiment would seem to 1
confound loyalty with man-wnrship. Men boast j
their loyalty to the Constitution and laws, butdeny |
that theyowe allegiance toanyman. Granted that j
allegiance is due to the Government under which !
we live, but is there nothing due to the agent who ,
is the representative of the unity, power, and i
strength of the Government? Is loyalty to the
Governmentreconcilable with hostility to the min-
ister who administers the Government?
The Senator from Kentucky proclaims his loy-
alty to the Constitution and the laws, but he la-
ments thewar, and is opposed to coercion, because
he believes the war will result in the destruction
of both sections of the country, and he would yield
them license in their crime in response to their sup-
plication, " let us alone." They have destroyed
our forts, captured our mint, seized upon public
property, violated the Constitution and the laws
m one thiid of the Republic, bidden defiance to
those in authority, and kindly and graciously we
are to "let them alone," for we are opposed to
coercion ! And this immunity forenme which im-
perils the national existence is reconcilable with
loyalty! It may be satisfactory to the Senator
from Kentucky, but it is not reconcilable with
the teachings of the school in which I imbibed my
Democracy. Mr.President,what would you think,
what would be thought by the Senate, if a man
were ushered into your presence who^singling out
an individual, should say, " last night that man
wont to my house, set fire to my dwelling, burnt
up my wife and children," and should add the
kind and gracious language, u there he is, but let
.him alone; I am opposed to coercion." Strange
as it might be, it is not moie strange than the same
language when applied to rebels in arms who have
stained their hands with the blood of thousands.
When fort Sumter was struck, when the first vio-
lent hand was laid on the public property, the
Constitution and the laws were assailed, and mil-
lions were engulfed in a common calamity. A
gracious Providence hud benignly favored our far-
spread Republic, whose moralinfluenees had been
felt m other lands, and humanized foreign despot-
isms; we were free and prosperous, and crowned
with a halo of glory which was becoming brighter
with every revolving sun; art and literature, re-
ligion and law, science and industry, were accu-
mulating comforts and enjoyments,and ourChris-
tianized civilization had its inspiration to the ends
of the earth; but a wicked rebellion has dashed
the cup of our happiness, murder and rapine have
desolated our fair provinces, and we must " let
them alone !" Such may be the exhibition of the
loyalty of others, but I frankly admit it is not mine.
TheSenatorfrom Kentucky has spoken of other
manifestations of loyalty in the late elections; and
he spoke with an air of triumph of the "gallant
Democracy" of my own State,and of others. I
may darken the bright vision of the honorable
Senator; liuttho cause of truth inflexibly requires
that I should tell him how much he is mistaken.
Instead of the election in Indiana being evidence
of opposition to the Government, the gentlemen
who snslained the Administration by voting for
the tax law and other great measures of the Ad-
ministration have been reelected by large and in-
creased majorities; while the votes of those were
reduced who voted against the tax law—in one
instance at least. If, however, a different result
had been produced, it would not have excited sur-
prise when we consider the means lesoited to for
that purpose. They may be summed up briefly
thus: first, to discourage enlistments, particularly
of those who would stay at home to vote the party
ticket; second, denunciation of the Administra-
tion for every possible and impossible shortcom-
ing; tbnd, to op j iose the confiscation acts; fourth,
to create ill feeling between the East and the West;
fifth, to oppose taxation to meet the exp( uses of
the war and the mteresr on the debt necessarily
incurred; more particularly to charge that the
West is more heavily taxed than the East in pro-
portion to its wealth; sixth, to jmpres-s upon the
Northwest the great value of the navigation of
the Mississippi. But over and above ail these,
were loud protestations of loyalty to the Govern-
ment and support of the war, hut it must be con-
ducted m a certain way and a certain manner; but
they did not venture to proclaim that there should
be " no coercion." How deep the devotion to the
Government the impression was intended to be
made in the heait of our people, may be demon-
strated by a recital of the appeals that wore made
to sectional prejudices; and such arts were not
deemed beneath the men from whose elevation in
station we might have hoped nothing would come
to taint bright honor. To exhibit a pair of bro-
gans, and to assert that it would soon require two
loads of corn to purchase such articles in New
England, whatever may have been designed, could
not otherwise result than in prejudiceln a.whoie
community against a Government which has been
embarrassed by traitors who seek to cripple it
still more by estranging from it-those who are
still loyal. What else than further divisions and
sectional convulsions could have been designed
by the passage of such a resolution as this, by a
bodyof so-styled " Democrats:"
Resolved, That had it not been for the fanaticism and
peculation of New England, our generation would not have
witnessed the ghastly specter of disunion} and were it not
lor the same causes, >tsil potent for evil, those difficulties
could be readily adjusted; therefore we declare that when
we liave exhausted eveiy leasonable effort for the testora-
tion of the Union a- it was, should New England stand in
the breach, then will we cheerfully say to New England,
with all her cupidity, with all her meanness, tanaticism,
follies, and moral tmpitude, we bid you good-by, lemem-
beimg j uti oulv for the wrong you have done us."
Such are the appeals made to the people in the
name of Democracy. "O Liberty, what atroci-
ties are committed m thy name!" was the uttered
sentiment of Madame Roland. 0 Democracy,
how art thou abused by thy lip-worshipers! If
Democracy requires that I shall assist in sowing
dissensions among sections, stimulate the local
prejudices of one State against another, and thus ■
foment internecine strife where there should be
undisturbed harmony, I shall cease to be a Dem-
ocrat. I cannot forget, sir, the part played by
New England in the establishmentand the main-
tenance of our liberties in the Republic. What
is her record in the annals of the revolutionary
war ? The whole number of men enlisted in the
continental service from the beginning to the end
of that war was 231,959. Of these, Lorenzo Sa-
bine says, in the histoiica! essay prefixed to his
Amciican Loyalists, that G7,907 were from Mas-
sachusetts (one of the New England States) alone.
All the vStates south of Pennsylvania provided but
59,493, or less by 8,414 than the gallant Bay State
sent. New England equipped and maintained
118,350 men—more than one half the total num-
ber placcd at the service of Congress during tho
war. There stands her record. It cannot be wiped
out. And when this unnatural contest was forced
upon us, tine to her additions, the mei^of New
England were the first to rush to the defense of
the capital when it was threatened by traitors.
Sir, I am net a New Englander. I was born and
raised in the West; bull am not ignorant of New
England genius, which is famous as her patriot-
ism, her thrift, and her learning; not can I forget
how my heart was gladdened a few years ago oil
meeting with an exhibition of New finglanu's in-
ventive faculty in a distant foreign land. Far
distant from home, among aliens and strangers,
the eye is gladdened by the sight of anything
American; and there all petty divisions and geo-
graphical lines are swallowed up in the great
whole of my native land. At a grand exhibition
in Pomorama, surrounded by from ten to twenty
thousand £rcrmans,Wood'sgrass-cutting machine
and other Yankee contrivances and evidences of
skjll, quickened my pulse, and made my blood
course more proudly. Her inventive talent, her
industry, her intelligence arc proverbial;and New
England needs no eulogy from me: she lias been
a benefactor to the civilized world, and I would
not detract from her merit; but, Mr. President,
all she lias, and all she has done, and all she may
expect to do, under the blessing of God, she owes
to the institutions which are the pride and the
glory of this Republic.
I have sometimes thought that? we have never
properly realized our institutions, their glory and
their power. I have walked in Munich where the
doors of your Capitol were cast, and m Florence
where your Goddess of Liberty was manufac-
tured, and I have gone to Sheffield and into Bir-
mingham, and as 1 have seen six hundred men at
work in an establishment there, I could not but
think of one feature of my country. There, from
the man lowest in occupation to the highest, there
is in every branch a boss workman, a foreman, to
see that each man does his proper work. 1 have
seen that numberof menengaged with earnestness
and silence, each obeying his foreman and doing
hisallotted work. Then I have come to my own
country, and gone into our own manufactories,
where I have seen a like number of men engaged;
but here there is this peculiarity—there is conver-
sation, and not uncommonly you will see the boy
at the grindstone saying to the boss workman,
this cog is a little too short, or that is a little too
