1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the District; and while I shall vote for any sepa-
rate proposition of this kind which is just and
proper in itself, I am not inclined to have it at-
tached to this bill. I hope the bill, if it passes at
all, may be allowed to pass untrammeled by any
such provision as this, and go to the other House
to be acted upon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YJEJAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Morrill, Pomeroy,Sunnier, Wade,and Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts—10.
NAYS—Messrs Carhle. Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Foot,
Harris, Hicks, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDou all, Powell,
Rice, Richardson, Saul&bury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wiliey, Wihnot, and Wilson of Missouri—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 wish to propose an
amendment to the bill. I move in the seventh,
eighth, and ninth lines of the first section, to
strike out the words " appointed by the President
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate," and to insert in lieu thereof " elected by the
legal voters of said District."
The honorable Senator from New York who
has introduced this bill has adopted (he New York
system with this exception. He did not provide
in his bill, as they do in the State of New York,
that the judges should be elected by the people.
I propose to make the New York system perfect
in the District of Columbia, and I have no.doubt,
from the experience of the honorable Senator, he
will give this amendment his most cordial sup-
port. He is so enamored of the judicial system
of New York that he transplants it to the District
of Columbia, with this exception; and while I have
no doubt he approves of the system as it exists in
his State, he will not deny to the citizens of this
District the privilege which he and other citizens
of New York enjoy of electing their judges by a
direct vote of the people.
Mr. President, i offer thi^ amendment also for
another reason. Neither the citizens of this Dis-
trict nor any portion of them have petitioned Con-
gress for the passage of this bill. Have you heard
the petition of a single voter of the District pub-
licly asking Congress to do this act? There are
but few privileges which the citizens or people of
this District enjoy. It is said by some that the
administration of justice in the District will be
improved by the adoption of this bill. It is said
by others that it will not be improved. "One thing
is certain: the people of the District of Columbia
have more interest in the proper administration of
justice here than anybody else. If you give them
the privilege of electing their judges, the responsi-
bility of the selection of proper judges, judges
who will administer the law impartially in their
midst, will devolve upon them. If they are af-
flicted with impropcrjudges to administer the law,
it will be their own fault. I wish to throw the
responsibility of the selection direcrly upon the
people, and 1 therefore move this amendment.
Mr, KENNEDY. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon'it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to have a short ex-
planation from the Senator from Delaware respect-
ing this amendment. 1 am a little in doubt about
it; indeed i am under a very gloomy and painful
doubt, one from which, I dare say, he will be able
to relieve me very easily; and that is as to the
constitutional powerofelectingjudges in this Dis-
ti Let under the Constitution of the United States.
If he can solve that doubt, and assure me that we
have authority to select judges in this District in
that manner, i shall vote for his proposition with
the utmost pleasure.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Can the honorable Sen-
ator point out wherein he thinks it is unconstitu-
tional? These courts are-made by legislative
enactment. The Legislature creates, and it is held
that the Legislature may abolish. They are the
creatures of legislative enactment; and why may
not the Legislature alsodecidethatthe people shall
elect their judges ? I should like to know from
the honorable JSenatortho objections founded upon
a constitutional view of the ease to the election of
liieir judges by the people.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to say a single
word in relation to this proposition of the Senator
from Delaware, because the elective system pre-
vails in most of the States us to the judiciary.
There is this great, difference between the District
of Columbia and the States where the elective sys-
tem prevails. This District of Columbia does not
belong to the people here. It belongs to the Uni-
ted States. It is for the benefit of the United States,
and not for the people who happen to come here;
the business of most of whom, or a great many
of whom, consists in living on the people of the
United States and the Government of the United
States. The courts here are to protect the citi-
zens of the United States as much or more than
the citizens of this District. Members of Con-
gress and the officers of the Government who are
temporary residents here, have as much and per-
haps more interest in the courts of this District
than the people who reside here. This idea that
the District of Columbia and the capital of the
United States belong to those people who happen
to reside about here and live on the Government
is an entire mistake. It is very different with the
election of the judiciary in the States.
Mr. HOWARD. As the Senator from Dela-
ware called on me to show the ground of the doubt
that I entertained, I will call his attention to the
second section of the second article of the Consti-
tution. Speaking of the President, it says:
" He shall liave power, by ami with the advice and con-
sent of the Fenate, to make treaties, provided two thuds of
tire Senators present concur; and he shall nominate and,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint embassadors, other public ministers, and consuls,
Judges of tire Supreme (Jourt, and all other officer* of the
United States who&e appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by law;
but the Congress may by law invest the appointment of such
inferior officers as they think properinthe President alone,
in the courts of law, or in the heads of Departments."
That is the foundation of the doubt I entertain.
Mr. HICKS. Mr. President, 1 do not wish at
this late hour to consume any portion of the time
of the Senate in discussing this question. I rise
simply to ask Senators to reflect before they cast
their votes m favor of this bill. I am opposed to
the bill as a whole and in all its parts. While all
things may be lawful, I do not behove all things
expedient. 1 am opposed to thiy constant inno-
vation upon long-established precedent and usage,
and I agree fully with the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] that if the object is to
reach any of the judges upon the bench of your
courts here, because of their secession principles,
bring them up for trial and turn them away; but
do not let us attempt to break in upon our judi-
ciary system that has been tried for so long a time
and Juts worked so well. I feel fuither that we
are here as the guaidmns and the protectors of the
rights of the citizens of this District; and for as
much as I find no application has been made by
any citizen of the District of Columbia for this
change, but that they are decidedly opposed to it,
I am for that reason and many others opposed to
the passage of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think there should not
be any further argument than the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Maryland. There has
been no request made from the District, and there
is no necessity for the bill, and Senators should
not legislate for those whom they do not repre-
sent unless they have some special cause for so
doing.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As there is a doubt upon
the constitutionality of this amendment, and as I
profess to be a friend to the strict observance of
the Constitution, I will withdraw the amendment
with the conSfcnt^of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent it can be withduuvu.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not give my consent to
the withdrawal of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being*taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 0, nays 35; as follows:
YEAri—O.
NAYS—Me^rs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davit*, Dixon, Doohtlle. EYis-endon, Foot. Foster,
(Jtinu's. flailan, Harris, Hick-, Howard, King, Lane of In-
dian,'.. Lane of Kan-ys, Latham, .McDowell. Mot till, Pom-
I'hfV, Powell, Kiee, SauWmiy, Sherman, Sumner, 'Pen
Lyck, Trumbull. Wade, Wilk'y, Wihnot, Wilson of Mas-
fcaelmsettr, and Wilson of Missouri—35.
So ihe amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the folio wing amend-
ment, to add as additional sections to the bill:
rfnd he U/withe* enacted^ That the President of the (lul-
led Rutins be, and lie is h< reby, authorized and empoweied
to appoint, b) and with the advice and consort ol the Son
ate, a suitable person, learned in the law, to revise and cod-
ify the laws of the District of Columbia.
And be it further enacted, That the person who shall th>i*
be appointed shall receive ten dollais per day lor his ser-
vices while so empioved, and shall render a final report of
liis revision and codification to Congress, on or befoie the
1st day of January next.
The first section of the amendment is a precise
copy of an act passed at the last session of Con-
gress. The second section is a copy of what was
then enacted changed so as to adapt it to the pres-
ent time. The law which we enacted on the 20th
of May, 1862, expired on the first Monday of De-
cember last, without any commissioner having
been appointed to discharge this duty. This
amounts to nothing more than an extension of the
time until the 1st of January next; and it is a mat-
ter of the highest importance to the people of this
District that the laws of the District should be
revised and codified, so that they may be under-
stood. As is known to every one, the laws of
the District are made up at this time of statutes
enacted in Maryland before the Constitution was
formed, many of them; and it is with the greatest
difficulty that any one can ascertain what the stat-
ute law of the District at this time is. It is a ne-
cessity that has been felt for a long time. Special
efforts have been made heretofore to revise the
laws of the District, and I trust that we may en-
act this provision, and that a person may be ap-
pointed to discharge this duty before we shall
meet here again.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr/SAULSBURY. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, H/ulmi, Haiti-*, [toward, Kinjj, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kan>as, Pffomil, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sunnier,
Ttuurbull, Wade, Wihnot, and Wilson of Massachusetts
—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Davi^ Foster, Ren-
der-on, ILek*, Howe, Kennedy, Latham. Powell, Rice,
Uichardi-on, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Wiliey, and Wilson of
Missouri—14.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TRXJMBULL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York whether it would not be
proper to alter the title, as the provision for codi-
fying the laws is now inserted.
Mr. HARRIS. I will move to amend the title
so as to read, "A bill to reorganize the courts of
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
DISCHARGE OP STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
discharge of political prisoners.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not calculate to
go on with it to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. I merely wish to
leave it as unfinished business, sffthat it may come
up regularly to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. §62) to
provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
States courts to take bail or recognizances to se-
cure the trial of the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 20, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H- Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OHIO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following, resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Wherea^ diflotencrts have arisen between the Depart-
ments of the Government having charge of ihe payment
of volunteers in the military service of the United State,
nndei the provisions or' the act oi (Jnn<|ie^ lor the relief
j of Ohio and other volunteers, approved 24th July, 1861, and
j the arnendatoiy net ot 6th August, lf'61, a-< to the ufire flora
which such volunteer*, arc entitled to bu paal: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on .Miiitaiy Aliaira he
directed to unjuiic into the necessity of an act being passed
pxpfauutor) n; thy yets aforesaid, so as to entitle *uch vol-
