202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 6,
long. Sir, there are three hundred men thinking
in this country to one in any other country. It
is to this inventive power, to this national trait in
our character, to our free institutions, thatare-with
us when wo he down, that meet us when we rise
up, that ftU up every interstice of society, that fill
every broad avenue in al! this land, that New Eng-
land owes her prosperity and this country her
present renown.
With free institutions are inseparably connected
free thought; genius being uri repressed, it becomes-
prolific in its creations; and New England pre-
sents a model of republicanism for the instruction
of other communities. Owing so much to its lib-
erty, liberty is there secure, Taw and justice are
impartially administered, propc rty is well guarded,
and education is universally diffused. No politi-
cal community of an equal number of people, upon
whom the glorious or!) of day sheds its benignant
light, is more ble^si-d in these and other respects;
among whom there is such care for the growth j
and development of the religious sentiment; so few j
poor; such untiring, comprehensive, and healthy 5
philanthropy; such an amount of wealth so equally j
distributed; such promise of physical progress: ;
where the ownership of land 111 fee simple is so j
universal; labor is so much respected and so well :
rewarded; where progress in ail that purifies and j
ennobles mankind is so rapid; where the Govern- !
ment bears so easily and is so cheaply adminis-
tered; and among whom happiness in the State, j
in the family, and in the individual is so firmly j
founded on an indestructible basis. "Leave New ;
England out in the cold,'* as was said by thehon- '
orohle Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dams]  1
Mr. DAVIS. Let me correct the Senator. I I
did not say " leave New England out in the cold.55 ;
I said that there was danger that Maine, New ;
Hampshire, and Massachusetts would be left m I
the cold if they did not reform their politics a ,
little. j
Mr. WRIGHT. This is a common tirade that ;
I hear veiy often at home, from men who ure try-
ing to prejudice my people against another see- i
tiou of this country; and, although my fnend !
from Kentucky did not sny " New England."he .
applied the suggestion to a part and p;u eel of this i
country; and we cannot affoid to part with that, j
No,sir; the Republic, rich as it is in all that makes
nations great and glorious, cannot bear the sacri- :
fice; nor can the embellished pages of our historic ;
annals bear such an expurgation. 44 Libcuy and
union, now and forever, one and msepa table," was !
the sentimentof New England's great statesman, i
and I shall not be a party to any movement that :
has for its object its disscveratiun. Wherc\ or a '
man lives, North, East, South, or West, who is 1
loyal to this Government, he is entitled to equal
rights and fraternal vegaid m the great family of '
Ameiican citizens, and no disciple of JelFeison or ■
of Jackson will seek to disinherit him. God for-
bid that I should encourage the growth of preju- J
dice among my people to estrange them from any :
portion of their fellow-citizens, and weaken the 1
tics which have so long united us. Time a-nd j
reason may assuage much of the bitterness that J
artful and wicked men have excited; and 1 take \
this occasion to give utterance to my gratitude to |
the President for the noble sentiments ofhismes- \
sage in allusion to slave and free labor, which has 1
been so prolific a theme for the production of evil 1
by knaves and demagogues. His language will
bear reiteration, and i quote it: ;
"If there ever could he a pioper time for mere catch ar- !
guments, that time surelj I11 times likcthe pu>>- !
ent, men should utter nothing Jot which the\ would not 1
willingly he responsible through time and tn eternity. Is j
it tiue, then, thai colored people can displace any more ;
white labor by being free than by remaining tlave<? IT '
tucy way in their old' place,*,{hey jo*Uc no white i.ihoier^; I
it they leave then old piaccs, they leave them open to while
laborus. Logically, there is neither more 1101 lews o! it. '
.Emancipation, oveu without deputation, nould piobahlv !
enhance the wajres of white iaboi, and. verv study, would 1
not induce them." * * * * '*■ V .
<* Labor is like a*iy other commodity In the market—in- 1
create the demand loi it. and you mcieaso the price of if. '
Reduce the supply of black laboi by eolonizui" the black !
laborer out of the eouuiry. and h\ precisely so much you i
increase the demand for and wagos of whit'1 labor.5'
In these woids the President has tersely and
logically exposed the falsity of assertions that
have operated on the minds of laboring men, both
of the North and the West, who have heen made
to apprehend that black labor will come m com-
petition with theirown, and affect it injuuously;
and the cheek must blush with shame of those
who have been the authors of the wickedly de-
signed misrepresentation. To those who seem
to be very solicitous to perpetuate slave t y, I would
say that they had better take the advice of a dis-
tinguished Democratic general of Illinois, who
urged his Democratic brethren to enlist quickly
and go into the war, because if the war continued
there would be few slaves left. He thought if the
war were vigorously prosecuted and soon term-
inated, a few old stumps of negroes might be left
in the country. It is very lemarkablc, sir, that
men who hurrah for the Union should stand by
the wayside and attempt to prejudice our people
against the decided views of the Administiation,
who, by the exercise of the war power, seel: to
destroy the vciy element of the strength of those
who desire to rend the Union asunder—I mean
slavei y. Napoleon and the generals of past yeais
surveyed the whole strength of the enemy; not
merely the number of men in arms, their heavy
artillery, their cavalry force, the bravery of the
troops, and the skill of their commanders, but the
numbeisand the resources at home to reinforce
and sustain the army m the field; and they struck
the enemy heavily where they could most effect-
ually cnpple him. This is the policy of the Pres-
. tdent, clearly and forcibly stated. He has an-
nounced his paramount object to be to save the
Union, and not to interfere with slavery. If he
<ouid save the Union without interfering with
slavery, he has avowed his readiness to do so;
but if there were no other means to accomplish
that essential object than by the destruction of
slavery, be it so; let slavery be destroyrd. It is
tke will of the people that the Union shall be pre-
served, and the executive authority must resort
to the teqmsite means. Call it what you may,
apply any appellation that your fancy may sug-
gest—be it invasion, conquest,subjugation,aboli-
tionism—if no other resout cc be left to preserve
the life of the nation, the rebellion must be crushed
by fire and the sword, by the fagot, and death
and destruction.
Mr. President, in connection with this subject
permit me to call the attention of the Senate to a
mattei in which some interest was manifested
dui mg the last session of Congress; and certainly
events (hat have occurrcd since that time should
induce the Senate to turn their attention to it; I
allude to the granting of letters of marque and re-
prisal. 1 hope that, during the time I shall remain
111 the Senate, I shall have an oppoitunity to give
a vote in favor of a measure of that character. I
took occasion in the month of July last, when a
proposition of that nature was pending, to give
my views to the Senate upon the subject, and 1
will read a few"paragraphs from what 1 then said:
f will lake this oeca-ion to make a remmk m regard to
a subject thai we had undei con-rdeiation tlii< mot nine, in
the bill nl'mv iiinid the Senator from Iowa, [Mi Grimly,]
ori the sur>]eet of authot l/mg The Government to i.-su ' 1> t-
tei- oi marque and tepti!-ai.~ I mu-t say t was astonished
at the eolith of the ivm;uk> of the .Senator from Illinois,
[Mi. Titr;.iBL u,.j ami the Senator fioni New IIainp<inie,
[Mr {I \le.] tli,if il we [) e-sed tli.it mca-ure. it would be an
ndmi-Mon that w<• wore weak ; it would he vacillation I
have but one answer to make, and 1 alluded to U some
weeks- ago when 1 a^ked the Senate this question, ami I
now a^k it iignm• i-s there any Government on euith that
ha< the rich! to call in question what, means we adopt to
eiu-h out thi« rebellion r Is it not a pait of the policy of
the Government of tins counti}, when a icbrllion breaks
out, to take out own means of crushing it> Senator are
not awj'e of the ntjui v the Nashville, the Sumtei, and those
vescrli. did to our commerce abioad.
I icmenibei. twelve months ago, when leaving the Old
\\ or id. f s,nv [\ in? upon the wharve.- at Southampton moie
than ■JlbO.OtlO v\ orth ol ptoportv, the freight on winch would
have amounted to live 01 ten thousund'dollaisi, and which
«';h not put on board a ve-^el tii<'n 111 that pott because&he
wna an American vessel. The rates of msuianceon Amcr-
. lean ve^eb w<te increased. No man can calculate the
: injury ih.u \va  done to <Jtir tiaile and ninmu lee by tho^c
vesvds j and jet it is said this is adanpnroiH powei to ?ivc
the ?ie<nie;it—the power to l^sue letter ot maique and
lcpiisal.
Is it a clfinceroti? thing to give the President, if nooc*-
saiy to save the ln> nf this imtion, the powet to arm puva
teeis ? U'hat right have you to rail m qm^tion the conduct
of G'rent Dnt.iiu, o: anv oilier Gov<-nnnetn. in -!jppri^sin<r
a icbtllion wiihin her limits? Wha'isght hav° they to call
111 question out conduct 111 suppressing a K-hellioii here?
f am willing to tiu-t the FAeeutive ot tin' eounti>. I
1 remained to a g-ntleman tlnee montiis ago that this Gov-
!| emmerit could have well afioided to pa> $2UO,OftO lor the
i| captrne of those two ver-scis—ihe Nashville and Sumtei —
., twelve month- a^'O. I repeat, it 1? not a dangeious power ;
,, and 1 hope the Sonntor iiom Iowa will again "all up hit-
[i bill, so that I at least may have the please ot voting lo'i
|( it. U i-= jii-t as essential in tunc of war that the Govern-
!' mi'iit of \oui cuu.'iti) should have the powei to is-.u,; katets
;; o( maique and icpusalas it i-to pass u confw>jtion bill
1 Our commerce haj> been crippled; vebbcls have been de-
' j tached fiojn the naval service just on account of these two
or three vessels, which, if you had authorized letteis of
I' maique and reprisal, might have been taken mx oi iwcIvq
!, months ago. We have Hie peitcct right to do iron the pun-
1 eiplc that no nation ha-= a iighl to look into the course of
JI theeondue&of another nation in putting down a rebellion.55
I will only add now that the Alabama is prey-
\\ kig on our commerce. 1 desire to see the mind
i' of the people of this country in that section of it
i where they have wealth, where they have marine
<! skill, directed to the broad ocean, and made in-
j) terested in taking every bit of property that be-
ll longs to a rebel. I am aware of the fact that there
ji is considerable piejudice against gianting letters
I of maique and reprisal; and there aio some mem-
' bers of the Senate who are foaiful that by taking
■ 'this couise we may acknowledge certain rights
which the rebels are not entitled to claim. To
ji those who feel some timidity upon that point,let
;! me refer to the example of England during our
'I Revolution. England issued no letters of marque
ii against the colonies in the days of the Ucvolu-
;! lion; and yet the same result was accomplished
i that letteis of marque were dtbigned to effect.
■: Allow me to luler to the Journal of the Himseof
Commons. In 3777, a bill was passed by the
'I House of Commons to nuthoiizc the issuing; of
ie tiers of marque and reprisal against the colonies.
The bill went to the Ilouse of Lords, and there
,i it, was amended; and I will road ftom the Journal
of the House of Commons what the amendments
;j were, and what action was taken upon them:
>; u JI message from thcLoiJs hy 3fr 3Tnnta<ru and -<Ir. Leeds.
'' li Mi. Si'EAiinr. • The LokK have agreed to the bdl, en-
' titled. An act foi enabling the commi.s-ronei- forexecuting
the otn<*e of Loul High Admiral of Ute.it i><itam to grant
;j comiiiifiiDiif, 01 letter^ of maique. to the co.ninandois of
, j pi ivate ships arid vessels, emph)\'eci in ti ade. 01 letauied in
ins Majority's service, to take and make jiri/.ft oi all such
j! ships and vessels, and their eaigoes5 as aie iiieunoued. lor
i; a Imuicd time ; with poiuo anieedment^ ; to winch amend-
-1 ments tilt J >oi(U desire the cotieui re nee of tins House,
j! And tnen the messengeis withdiew.
:! rJ'he Hou-e pioceeded to take the ?aid amendments into
' eon&ideiauo!i.
|! "And the said amendment-* were read; and are as fol-
! lows, nam^iv:
■] " Paratn.iph five, line one, leave out1 letter of marque,'
II and insert ' commission.'
'! '• Par.i^iaph live, hue six, leave out {letter of maique,'
I and insert ■' commission.'
ii Pata^raph live, line seven, leave out£ letter of marque,'
. i and irneit 'commissioned '
; ** In the title ot the bill, line three, leave out.k or letters
, of unique.'
'j --The mud amendments being ceveiallv rend a second
:! time, were, upon the question scvemih put theicupon,
ngieed to hy the [louse.
1 i "• Oiileicl, Tnai ^n Chaiit-^ Whitwonh do entry the bill
j to the Lends-, and aerpiamt thorn mat tins House hath agreed
^ to ihe amendments made In then Lt.id-lop-."
1 Thus, by general consent, the woul "commis-
! sion" was substituted for "letters of marque,"!
suppose to avoid the appearance of recognizing
i the Americans as alien belligerents. So, if gen-
. tlemon have any scruples on the subject of letters
' of marque and reprisal agailist the rebels, let them
follow the example of the English Government m
■ ! the contest of the Revolution, and use another
;j name to accomplish the same purpose. Sir, I re-
;j gard this Congress as deielict m duty every hour
;i that it abstains from giving to men who are loyal
!; to this Government the power to take property
!! upon the sea, upon the lakes, upon the rivers, that
i| belongs to the rebel government, wherever they
;J may find it, and appropriate it, if you please, to
I; their own use, for in that way you cripple the
Ii strength of the rebellion.
:t _ "Wisdom and earnestness in counciland prompt-
itude in execution are demanded. Unanimity and
'! vigor in the Executive, Departments, and field op-
! ^rations that will strike tenor to the rebel hosts,
ij the people expect, or they expect a change of the
jj men to whom their power is confided. Weak-
ji ness and vacillation endanger our best interests;
il indulgence to traitors is cruelty to the loyal. The
j'; people have expected to sue a sublime heroism
!| that mocks at fear, and not an inert ptolongation
of hostilities that mocks their hopes.
; in the prompt and enlightened discharge of the
duties devolving on the Piesident, he is aided by
heads of DepartOjenis, wiioso opinion in writing
i j ho has the constitutiond i authoi if y to demand upon
any subject relating to tin: duties of their jespect-
,1 ive offices, and thus, by an admirable arratlgc-
ji ment, he thinks with the concentrated power^of
| many enhghti ned minds. In the ordinary affairs
;i of the Government, when the surface is placid,
l| his business is systemutizod, and its dispatch fa-
il cilitated; how much more impetiously necessary
