1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the supplies necessary to be used by the Govern-
ment, Before the war these were sold to other
purchasers; now they are sold to the Government,
and the sellers, instead of receiving pay, perhaps,
from the very men now employed in the armies
of the Government, as heretofore, now receive it
from the Government. The nation, as a commu-
nity, consumes no more now than before, except-
ing-only the waste of war, which, of course, is very
great. Why, then,should there be an expansion
or increase of the amount of the currency, fol-
lowed, as it always must and will be, as sure as
the day follows the night, by a corresponding in-
crease in prices, general disturbance and interrup-
tion of all the financial affairs of the country, and
finally by a contraction and general disaster to all
the business of the country?
if it were true, as some suppose, that in order
that the Government should be able to make these
great expenditures it must first have an amount
of currency equal to the whole amount to be ex-
pended, it would require all the money of both
America and Europe to carry on this war. This
Government has already expended, since the war
commenced, more than double the whole amount
of all the circulation the whole nation and ail its
people possess, including all its gold and silver,
bank bills, and Treasury notes; and the present
prospect is that this is not the half of wh'at will
be expended before the war closes. There never
was a greater delusion than to suppose that be-
cause the Govern mi nt expends large sums it must
have money or currency to an equal amount.
What the Government must have to carry on the
war is means, capital, munitions of war, and sup-
plies; and these it can only obtain by draft upon
its citizens and their property. The capital and
wealth of the nation is but a veiy small part of
it in the shape of currency. Two hundred and
fifty or two hundred and seventy-five million dol-
lars, nt most, would include every dollar of (he
gold and silver of the whole nation, while the
last census shows the amount of individual wealth
of the nation to be over sixteen thousand million
dollais. The Government must be a self-sustain-
ing institution. When its expenses are huge it
can only sustain itself by drawing more from its
subjects in the shape of taxes, eitherdirect or in-
direct. There is no other mode; this is its legit-
imate and only resort, unless it be to its credit, by
contracting debts which must eventually be paid
in the same way, by tax upon the citizen.
When the war commenced the currency of iho
country was nil founded upon a specie basis;
nothing bnt^old and .silver could be made a legal
tender in payment of debts. The banking insti-
tutions of the several iStates received credit m pro-
portion to the public confidence in their ability to
pay specie on demand for all their issues. Aslong
as this continued to be the scheme of ourfinancial
system, there could he no great danger of sudden
and disastrous ei options in the currency of the
country. But as soon <is the Treasury note legal
fenderscheme was adopted, and a sudden increase
orexpausion of the amount of circulation accrued,
what followed was inevitable—-sudden and aston-
ishing increase in tilt* prices of goods; or it might
be more properly styled sudden and astonishing
depreciation of all the paper currency of the coun-
try, legal tender and all. It to-day lequiies $1 70
of this paper, backed by the Government with ali
its wealth, to buy a singledollnr of gold. And, in
common pai lance, it is said gold has gone up; the
truth is, paper has gone down, and is still going
down.
Mr. Speaker, what is the effect this system is
now having upon the country and i^s business?
A single ill ust a at inn may serve to throw some
light upon the subject, and may not be.improper.
When our soldiers enteied the field their wages
were made by law thirteen dollais per month,
undei the then financial system. The supplies for
their families miirht then be bought for about the
following pi ices, namely: mushns, prints, checks,
cotton cloth?:, .ind (li tilings, at from eightto twelve
and a half cents per yard; now these same arti-
cles will cost them moie than twice as hujh. Al-
most the .->ame tiling may be said m reference to
boots, shoes, coiler, sugar, molasses, and almost
everything in rm* shape of necessary supplies for
their fannin s. The average increase in price of
ali Hiese things Will not be less than the average
dep'ei i Ui«M! in do. \alue of paper money. Thai
they will now pay no less than $1 70 tot what
would then have cost them one dollar. Yet it is
often boastinsdy said that " the greenbacks came
to help the soldier." He may well say, save me
from such blessings; a few more such would ren-
der him bankrupt, and bring his wife and chil-
dren, who are dependent upon his pay for sup-
port, to the brink of starvation. To make his
monthly pay equal now to what it was when he
entered the service, and prior to the adoption of
the paper system, we should be compelled to add
seventy per ccnt., or more, to his pay, which
would make his monthly wages, instead of thir-
teen dollars, about twenty-two dollars and ten
cents. And yet, in my humble judgment, the Gov-
ernment itself has lost more than it has gained by
adopting this system.
The Secretary, in his report to Congress, argues
that this great rise in the prices of goods and
gold over paper, is not the result of any increase
or redundancy of the currency; to prove which,
he compares the condition of things on the 1st of
November, A. D. 1861, with the condition of
affairs on the 1st of November, A. D, 1862. Foot-
ing up the specie and paper circulation of the
country at the first date, he makes the amount
then in the United States a little over three hun-
dred and fifty-five millions. At the second date
he declares that coin had become practically de-
monetized and had been withdrawn from circula-
tion. Therefore deducting the two hundred and
ten millions of coin from the account, and adding
together the increased bank issues and Treasury
notes, he makes their amount a little over three
hundred and seventy-seven millions. And as-
suming that coin had been practically withdrawn
fiom circulation, he leaves that entirely out of the
account; and as the paper currency alone only
amounts to some twenty-odd millions more than
the whole sum of both paper and coin one year
before, he argues that there js no redundancy,
lie also states that when the ag^regatcamount
of paper issues, both corporate and governmental,
on October 15, 1862, amounted to ^360,000,000,
gold was selling at a piemiumof thirty-seven and
five eighths per cent.; whereas, afterwards, on
the 29Ui November, when the circulation had
been increased more than twenty millions, the
premium on gold was only thirty per cent.
Now let us see whether this logic,will bear ex-
amination. In the first place, the mare fact that
gold bears a premium over paper does not render
it demonetized; it is used as money the same as
before,"but, of course, does not circulate as freely
as paper, because it is superior to paper and bears
a premium over it; yet whenever tins premium is
paid it docs circulate ami will circulate, and that,
too, as regularly as any other currency, and in
addition to this it is almost always used as money
on deposit, it would be regarded as a very novel
proposition by old and experienced bankers that
because there should, in the course of business,
be introduced into circulation an inferior currency,
which could only be used at a discount, that the
superior currency, on which there is no discount,
is thereby demonetized, and no longer occupies
the character of money. Yet this is a fair state-
ment of the logic of the Secretary. Premium and
discount are correlative terms. The simple truth
is that all cunency of the highcstgiade is at par,
while all below it is at a discount; this is the true
and correct manner of stating the case.
Then a^aiu, suppose it to be true, as stated by
the Secretary, that the circulation had increased
^20,000,000 on the 29th of November over the
amount on the 15th day of October previous, it
is not likely that it had been in circulation long
enough to have any perceptible effect. It always
requires time to produce any marked effect by rea-
son of expansion, and especially when the amount
is so small compmatively as in the instance named,
llad the whole amount of the circulation of the i
country remained fixed and stationary for a long {
period, say one year, and then this amount of in- |
create had been added and remained for any con- \
siderable time, say six months, without any per- i
ceptible effect, I should concede that there was
ical argument in the proposition, and that the de-
duction was most likely correct; but m the case
given, in the present fluctuating condition of the
currency, 1 do not think that anything can be
claimed hum it whatever.
Hut it id said t hat the peopk- demand this meas-
me, This is a great mislake. ltd demand comes
fiom the Titdbury Department, and not fiom the
people. But the important question for us to con-
sider is, what benefits are to be derived from it.
The provision requiring all the securities to con-
sist of United States bonds would probably ab-
sorb an amount of bonds to the extent of the
amount of circulation limited, say $300,000,000.
This will be but a small pittance of what the pub-
lic debt will be at the end of this war; and it
would seem to be but a very inadequate compen-
sation for the great changes that will be forced
upon the community by the proposed change.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not my purpose to en-
large to any great exten^upon this subject. There
is, however, another consideration to which I
wish to direct attention; that is, to the great dan-
gers of fraud that must attend any system that
does not have surrounding it on all hands the
guards of private interest, as well as all the guards
of public law. Our Government has lately au-
thorized the issue of over three hundred millions
in legal tender Treasury notes; and now we have
another pi oposition pending here to authorize the
issue of several hundred millions more. By one
provision of this last-named finance bill, yet pend-
ing in Congress, it is provided that the Secretary
of the Treasury may provide for the engraving,
preparation, and issue of the Treasury notes re-
ferred to in that provision in the Treasury De-
partment building; and by the bill now under con-
sideration the Secretary is also authorized to cause
the plates to be engraved, and to have printed
therefrom^and numbered, such quantity of circu-
lating notes, in blank, as may be required to sup-
ply the difleicnt banking associations organized
under this act.
Mr. Speaker, I object to converting our Treas-
ury building intoa printingestablishmentjormak-
ing our Secretary a printer to grind out paper
money, mainly because of the dangers that must
attend the system. I think it must be conceded to
be a questionable experiment for our Government
to adopt at this critical period of our national af-
fairs,and more particularly when itis evident that
paper circulation is to form the principal feature
m the moneyed operations of this country during
the present rebellion. The act of July XI, 1862,
gave to the Secretary a similar power to have the
notes and bonds engraved and printed m the Treas-
ury Department building; and it will be remem-
bered that this subject caused considerable debate
at that time on this new, unnecessary, and ques-
tionable policy. The Secretary, however, finding
it totally inexpedient to have the work done as
authorized, wisely gave it out to responsible con-
tractors, in compliance with the custom heretofore
adopted by all previous Administrations. The
notes and bonds authorized by that act have been
Surmshcd to the Government, and thus the au-
thority for creating an engraving and printing de-
partment in the Ticasury building expired with
the act of July 11, 1862; yet I am informed that
active and extensive preparations are now being
made in the Treasury building for engraving and
printing, which no doubt necessitate heavy out-
lays for presses, machinery, and employes; if
this be true, it is in my opinion a clear violation
of legal authority, as theie is no act or appropi ia-
tion for any such purpose. The only informa-
tion 1 have obtained is found in the remarks of
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] on
the finance bill before alluded to. That gentle-
man said:
Tin? fngi-ivim; and prcpaiationof these fiactional notes
in the Treasury Dcpaitment is, peihap-. a debatable ques-
tion, but it js aiamiy one of t-ecmin of the Government
o^nin^t imud, at- when the noto-* are printed thoy are com-
plete. and whether issued legally or not there can be no
mean  o! identification. On the whole, it was supposed
tile Tieaft>ny Department Alight be made a safer custodian
of the woik than any iemote rmplo>6, however respecta-
ble.*'
Prom these remarks it will be observed that the
gentleman admits that this policy and experiment
is of a doubtful nature, and that the Department
may possibly be made a safer custodian than those
heietofore employed; but he omits to inform us,
either by argument or evidence, in what particu-
lar that additional security is to consist. Taking,
therefore, the mgumcnt of security, 1 find on ex-
amination of the various acts passed since 1812
foi furnishing Treasury notes that there has been
issued up to the present time by our Government
about six hundred and fifty million dollars in
Tieasury notes and certificates, exclusive of cou-
pon bonds, all of winch have been supplied to the
