206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
this bill I vote to repudiate an honest debt. I do I news came of General Twiggs s surrender, and
no such thing; but I vote against a precedent j| all appropriations for the service m 1 exas wore
which will compel usto pay every debt that every stricken out. This matter was embraced m the
disloyal citizen of every one of the seceded States ' : appropriation for incidental expenses ot camps,
has against the Government. I vote against the : &c. 0 ,
passage of a bill which will open a wide door to j. Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senate will o>
frauds upon the Treasury, by which debts uf this serve the further fact that this debt was due in
class that have not been assigned will be assigned, ij 1850, long before there was any secession, and,
and fraudulent and fictitious dates given to the . of course, it could not be affected by the disloy-
assignments, so that every debt holden by dis- i alty of thi<=« man James a year afterwards. 1 he
loyal citizens in the seceded States against the ji debt was due in 1859.
United States will come in under the cover, honest <
or dishonest, of some loyal person: and thus we ;
Mr. COWAN. There is another thing, T think,
which renders it perfectly clear that this claim
shall be compelled to pay all the debts due by the \\ ought to be paid. There is no allegation that
' ' 1 1 Anderson was guilty of any fraud m the procure-
ment of it. It does not belong to that class of
! cases which the Senator from New Hampshire
i is so exceedingly anxious to guard against, and
! which ought to be guarded against, of persons
! who procure claims for the very purpose of having
' them paid, knowing that they ou;ght not to be
paid, if it were a case of that kind, it would be one
of a class which should be rejected; but the only
question here now is, whether Anderson procured
this claim in good faith; whether he held it in good
faith; and his character as a patriot, and his services
as a soldier, are, 1 think, sufficient to satisfy us of
that fact, and that lie ought not to be put in the
category of speculators who go to work and pro-
cure c'a'ims foi the purpose of having them paid by
the Government, when they ought notto be paid.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the vote is taken,
I desire to say that I was requested by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] to state, in case
the yeas and nays were called on any subject, that
he is defamed ftom the Senate by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEA^—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold. Browning, Clark,
Cowan, Davi-. lYs.sendtm, Toot, Il.ud'mg, flairs, Hender-
son. Howard. Howe, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDoug-
ail, Mouill, Nes-mith. Powell. Rice, SauMmrj, Sherman,
Ten Jfivek. Wade, Willey, and Wilson of Mi^ouri—26.
Dixon, Foster, Ciimes, Hale, Harlan,
Kins, Sumner, Tuimbull. and Wilkinson—9.
So the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. INic-
ol\y, his Secretary. „
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
Government to persons in the seceded States, it
is for these reasons that I shall vote against the
passage of the bill, and not because I wish to repu-
diate an honest debt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not detain the Senate
longer than to ask that the petition be read. Mr.
Charles Anderson states his claim pretty well,
and I ask that his memorial be read.
The Secretary i*ead, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of Jlmcrica in C'on^rm assembled:
Your memorialist respectfully represents that lie was
heretofore and lccently a citizen of the United States, res- i
ident in Texas ; that upon the passage of a so-called onii- i
nance of secession, by a ceitatn meeting of conspirator <
and tiaitors,-«eif-.-tyicd a Plate convention, he detesimned i
to abandon *aid State, and immediately publi-hed that pur- ;
pose iii the newspaper.-. and otleied all Ins pioperty tor sal" ; 1
that he was (on account of thegi eat .scarcity of money, and ,
the umveisal want or confidence in any k.ud uf pmpeity |
there) wholly unable to '•■ell his pioperty, or anv sub-tan- ;
tial pait of it, at any price, nor des he believe that lie i
would have been pel muted to leave the State, at any tune, i
after he became known lo the .uitnouties a Union man. (
Your memowalit-t fuither states that upon the pa-Mige, t
by the Richmond congress of the so-called alien enemy
net," which allowed loi ty days for '• citizens ot the United ,
States adhcnng to the same," See , to depait fiom the se- ;
ceding States, your memorialist seized that oppoitumty of
making his escape, if po>-ihk\ umlet the eoloi and cover
of its privileges. Whereupon he oOWed to exchange his-
propeity, real and pei?onai, lot any valid claim*, due out-
Side of the needing State*., and, among othe^, he ac-
cepted, lor ceitatn lior-e^, See., the following de^cubed
claim upon ou! Geneinl 0 >v< t timent, nani'My .^t.011 (>6,
foi back rent of (!amp [Iiidson to l^t Juh. 16.">9, due to one
John Jame-*, of Kan Antonio, Texas a- by the accompa-
nying lease and as-ignment will moie fully appeal, (rfee 1
papers maik< <1 JJ find ) !
And yom memonalM still further repre«ents_ that the ,
Quartermaster Geneial,T'nited State,-. Aiun, having toumi ;
the said Mim to he due and unpaid, tepotled the name to
the Seoietary of War; that this officer leported the same ;
toCongre-s; thai (a*your memorialist i- mfoiined and be- i
lieves) upon propei examination* by the appiopriate com- ;
mittee*, of the two Uou«estlie said claim W.W meludod in '
the appropi iation bill (Il.U.No.^) foi the support of the j
Army lor the year ending 30tl) of June, l£G\i; that it parsed _
the iion*-e of Ucpse-iMitative^. bin w,i-> ^tin-kcu outol >aid ' j
hill in the Senate. together with nil stmihu item-, who'ly J
because of the action of the people m Texas, towaid (lis- ;|
union. Ij
And j our mruim lah-t finally irptc-eriH that, well know j
ing that the <aul Mimnt money w.i* due and unpaid, and ij
hoping that your honoiabie bodies would tno'-t wiilingl) ;
pause to he paid a just debt, which should come into hi- ;|
hands under these eneum^taneej-, he took liie >ame tor a 'j
fair, full, and legal consideration, in the shape o! his own ,
piopeity, at less"than iWcaMi value ; that lie has piesentcd , j
the said claim (now hi- ownl to the quaiterma-lcr'- de- 'j
partment for settlement and pajment, bur has been (veiy j|
piopeily, as lie now  uppo*.e*.,) remanded to Congiess foi
lelief, for the ica-ons v;t loith in the lettei maiked A,and
hetcw ith inclo^t <1.
In consideration of nil which matters and things, your
memoiialist respectfully pi ay.- that he. may be- fully relieved
in the premises by a payment o! the -uni due him.
(1IIARLErf ANDERSON7.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear that
letter A read, to know why it was that the Quar-
termaster General rejected the claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihave it here, and will read
it." It is addressed to Charles Anderson :
Q.U.VRTERMA&TER crseral's office.
* , l^c!/) uai;/ 3, 1
Sir. : The claim of Mr John Jauips. pre«"iited b> you, for
back rent of Camp Hudson to July 1, 1K")9, amounting to j
.$1,0-11 66, has been previously examined m thibotfice and j
believed to be con eel; but as Congress failed to make any t
appjopriation to meet this item, wlueh was a-i;ed form a !
special c&tunate submitted to the Secietaiv of Wai, March |
&, lbkiO,.and also embraced in the nnnual estimates for i he !
fiscal jcai ending June 30, no action can now be had |
on it. |
Very respectfully, jour obedient seivant, j
M, C. MEIGS, Quartermaster General. j
The Cluartormaster General here acknowledges |
that the amount is correct, that the claim has been !
correctly liquidated, that o n appropriation to pay |
it has been twice asked for. The appropriation, j
as I stated before, was stricken out by the Senate, i
I know the history of that. The House of Rep- !
resentatives passed the general appropriation for ]
military service in Texas, but about that time the i
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 6, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Tin; Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
mexican affaiiis.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Piesidentof the United States, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, a report from the Secretary of State in
relation to the alleged interference of our minister
to Mexico in favor of the French; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message fiom the President, recommending the
expediency of extending to other Departments of
the Government the authority conferred on the
President by the eighth section of the act of 8th
of May, 1793, to appoint a person to temporarily
discharge the duties of Secretary of State, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and Secretary of War, in
case of the death, absence from the seat of Gov-
ernment, or sickness of either of those officers;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
consular pupils.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message fiom the Piesident, transmitting a report
from the Secretary of State on the subject of con-
sular pupils; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee ou Foreign Affairs.
BANKS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
i the banks of the United States; which was laid
i upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
f Mr. HOOPER moved that five thousand extra
! copies be ordered to bp printed.
! The motion, under the rules, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
mineral resources op nevada.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fi/m the Secretary of the Interior,
I transmitting a r^ort, in reply to a resolution of
| the House, adopted December 10, 1662, calling
I for information in relation tothe mineral resources
: of Nevada Territory; which was ordered to he
| printed, and referred to the Committee on Tetu**
| t0nes' payment o? soldiers.
! Mr. WICKL1FFE. 1 wish to make an in-
i quiry of the Chair. ' Previous to the recess, the
! House passed a resolution requiring the Secretary
i of War to report what regiments and soldiers of
| the Army of the United States had not been raid
' up to the time of the passage of the resolution.
1 ] wish to inquire of the Chair whether an answer
' has been returned to that resolution?
S The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowl-
j edge of any answer having been returned. All
i communications from the Executive Departments
.! are presented by the Chair when received.
|j treasury note?, etc.
|j Mr. WlCKLlFFE,by unammnusconsent,in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
mstiin'tcd to inquue into, 1. The expeduncv of idling
Tr< n-siiiynotes beanns 3.Gj inteiot 2. The amount to
is-tied to be cqunl to the amount of tenrler notes in ei'cu-
iruion, and sueii other sum as the dei*>und- ot the public
service tor the curieiU year shall tequ're. 3. Tiinttheie
be lulled an equal amount of United ^tatc.-} per ecnt.
twenty yeai* bond-, wince bond?, with the nnfitM, ^liall
constitute a fund foi the redemption of the 3 Tiea-ury
note?, the bonds to be of equal date of the Tiea-my notes
and tne interest to be paid in specie. 4. The holders of the
tendei notes shall have ilie iijibt to smreitdcr them when-
ever the amount of $100 is pieseiited, and receive at the
par value of the f-nme the 3 Go Treasury notes o. The hold-
vis oftho 3.65 Treasury note, ^hal! have the j.jrbt to invest
the same in the twetitj yen- six per cent, bonds, when an
amount equal to $500 is presented.
union resolutions.
The spea ker. The business nest in order
is the consideration of certain resolutions intro-
' duced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
' steve\-s] December 4, and postponed until this
■ day.
{ The resolutions were read, as follows:
i Resolved, That tins Union must be, and remain, oneand
indivisible forever.
] Resolved, That if any person in the employment of the
! United States, in either the kgMative or executive bianch,
I should propo-e to make peace, or should accept oi advise
j the acceptanec of any t-uch proposition on any otherbasis
i than the mte^iity and entnc unity of the United States and
i theirTemtories as tln-y existed at the tune of the rebellion,
| he will be guilty of a high cunif
! Resolved', That thi> Government can rtevei accept the
I mediation or permit the intervention of any foieign nation,
i duung tin-: icbelkon, m oui domestic atlairs.
I Rcsohcdi Tliat no t^o Goveinmentb can ever be perrnR-
1 ted to e\i^t witlnn the tcriitory now belonging to the Uni-
ted States, and which acknowledged their jurisdiction at
the tune ot the insuiiection.
Mr. STEVENS. We left off business yester-
day in the midst of the consideration of an appro-
! priation bill. On account of the sickncss of mem-
bers, we could notkeep a quoium heie. Thereare
! two or three more appropriation bills reody for
j consideration, and I do not think it right that any
| discussion upon questions of an abstract charac-
' ter should interrupt the regular order of business.
I therefore desire, if the Plouse has no objection,
to postpone the consideration of these resolutions
until to-morrow week. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKEPi, announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the consideration of a series of
resolutions concerning the rebellion of the seced-
mgStates, introduced by thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Wright,] and an amendment
thereto submitted by the gentleman fioiu Ohio,
[Mr. Vallandiguam,] which were postponed
until to-day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania being absent, I move to post-
pone the consideration of the resolutions and
amendment until to-morrow week,at which U^0
I desire to address the House.
The motion was agreed to.
