1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
ENROLLED BILL. j
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En- '
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and :
found truly enrolled, an act (H. R. No. 321) to :
indemnify certain citizens of the United States, ]
residing in the State of Delaware, for expenses j
incurred by them in defense of the United States; j
when the Speaker signed the same. j
BANKRUPT BILL. I
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- |
ness is the call of committees for reports, after
disposing of an unfinished report, being House
bill No. 387, to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States, which
was postponed from December-94.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand
pome gentlemen desire to reach the order of busi-
ness which will follow the postponement of this
bill; and therefore, if it is agreeable to the House,
1 move to postpone the consideration of that re-
port until to-morrow at one o'clock. ^
The motion was agreed to. *
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELL. I am directed by the select com-
mittee on emancipation to report back, without
amendment, the biil (H. R. No. 634) giving aid
to the State of Missouri for the purpose of se-
curing the abolishment of slavery in said State,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I tisu to a ques-
tion of order. That bill makes an appropriation
of money, and I submit that under the rule it
must be referred to the Committee of the Whole
oil the state of the Union.
Mr. NOELL. Tin1 gentleman is mistaken. It
requires an appropriation to be made hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported,in
order to see whether the point of order can be
maintained.
The bill, which was read, provides that the fol-
lowing propositions be submitted to the State of
Missouri, to be accepted or rejected by the Legis-
lature or people thereof:
1. The Government of th<  United Stru^ will, upon llie
passage l>y said Stat'' of a good and valid a< t of emancipa-
tion ot all tlie -lave- llieiein, to take effect Within the p.-io<I
h'-ieinaliei named, and to he irrepeaKibu- unl< 1>\ die <. un-
seat of tiie United State-, applv the Mini of in
United State- hond-, led^'-maUle in tiiutj ye,us fiom then
date, ami beaung niteic-t. paj able -enii-annnai!}. at the
rate ol'fivl) pei cent pei annum, lot tin pui|nw >>' paying
to the loyal ownei- of sticti <-lave-< in -aid Suite a jn^t
compensation lor the lo— ot the mm vice-- of -ueh sln\e'  :
the saul bond-* to be piopared and i--ueil bj the S'-cntaiv
of the Tre.ij-uty, undei -ueh rub1- and leirulalion* sis he
may pie-cuheto make oflW-uve the movi-ion* of thi-^aet
2 That m the event o! the adoption by The -aid Stat-' of
abolishment of <-lavet} iheiein, a- herein'" lo<e provided,
the Government ol the ('nited State- will rnipiov a!! iea-
Bonabie means lor tiie depoitahon officii of <aui enianei-
patcd frlaves, and for tiien -<'ttlement 01 eoioin/.auon in
some place outride of the United State-, a- may consent
thereto, so soon as and whenever piopei net/oiiatinn- ean
be made with arty eomuty for Mich settlement oi coloniza-
tion in a congenial climate, or within a reasonable tunc
theieal'ter. j
It also provides that the semi-annual interest !
shall be payable,and the bonds shall be redeem- '
able, out of moneys to be hereafter appropriated
by Congress, and shall be reimbursed to the
Treasury of the United States from the property
of rebels confiscated to the Government by the
rules of war or by viitnc of any act of Congiess,
or from the pioeseds thereof; that no coinpensa- .
tion shad be naid out of tiie pi oceeds of the bonds
hereby provided for, for any slave hereafter to be
imported or brought into Missouri, nor to any
person or persons who may at any time have en-
gaged in or in any manner'auM the present re-
bellion, or who 'may in anywise ha\o willfully
given aid and commit to the rebels, or incited or
encouraged the present rebellion, or who may at
any time have accepted and held any office, either
civil, naval, or lmhlaiy, uud'T the so-called eon-
federate States of AnvM K.a, or shall have willingly
taken the oath of allegiance to the so-called con-
federate States; that the bonds shall be deliver-
able to the Governor of M.ssouri whenever the
President shall be satisfied that a good, valid, and
constitutional act of emancipatioifshall ha\ebeen
passed by the Legislatue thereof, irrepealable un-
less by the consent of the United States, and not
sooner; provided, such act be passed within one
year from and after the 1st of January, 1863, for
immediate emancipation of all slaves within the
State, and containing an exclusion of the classes
of persons before enumerated from the benefits
of the compensation provided for.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object furthertn
the bill under the 110th rule; and under that rule,
if not under the other, the bill must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The 110th rule reads as follows:
No motion or piopositton loi a tax or charge upon the
people shall be di.-ou-^ed the day on winch it is made or
oifeied; and every euoh piopositton tibaii icceive iU (list
discusbion in a Committee of the Whole Uou^e.,J
This is a proposition to issue bonds payable in
thirty yeais. 1 would icinind the Chair of a de-
cision upon the French spoliation bill tothesnmo
effect, and under which decision that bill was sunt
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union no less than tsvice, once m the Thirty-Fifth
and once m the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Tiie SPEAKER. TheXhair will decide the
first point of order. In reference to the decision
in the Fiench spoliation bill, the gentleman will
remember that the Chair, in giving that decision,
stated that but for the law of Congress which au-
thorized the Secretary of the Treasury to icdeem
bonds of the United States at any time, it would
not be an appropriation of money. The second
section of this law provides that these bonds shall
only be paid out of money hereafter to be appro-
priated by Congress. The Chair therefore over-
rules the point of order that the bill makes an ap-
propriation of money.
in refeienee to the second point, the Chair thinks
that the piactice has been in all eases like this to
hold that there was no tax upon the people unless
the money was appropriated.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What I called the
attention of the Chnir to in the rule was the word
charge. A tax is one thmg, and a charge another.
The SPEAK ER. The Chair thinks that the
issuing ot bonds by the Government, with a pro-
\ ision that the money shall heieafter be appropri-
ated, does not come within the rule cited. This
lull imposes no tax or chaise till the means are
piovuhd for the payment of the bonds therein
providf d for.
Mr. ELEMENTS. As a member of the select
committee on emancipation, disagreeing with a
majority of the committee in leference to this bill,
1 did intend to make a minority repoi t. I was not
aware that the bill was to be reported this morn-
ing-, and therefore have not been able to make out
the report. Hence i desire to make an expla-
nation of the reasons why I am opposed to this
bill. Tiie committee on emancipation at the last
session i spoiled to tlm House a bill asking an
appropriation of iplS(},000,(!0() for the emancipa-
tion of the slaves of loyal citizens in the States of
Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia, Mai yland, Del-
awaie, <uid .Missouri; that bill was repented upon
national pi inciples, and in answer to the Presi-
dent's message to Congress of the 6th of Maich
last. We also asked for $-0,000,000 for coloni-
zation purposes. The «;i eat pi mciple i nvol ved in
our report at that time was that <,1^0,000,000
would make a basis of support to the slave interest
of all ili'ise States, which v oukl be of a national
eharacttr, and would lie those States upon the
Government, as slaves never, in value, would fall
below th.e amount appropriated to the States.
Out this bill alone, and by itself, appears to me
to he of a sectional character. It relates to the
interest of Missouri alone, when that State has
made no tall upon the Government of the United
States for money. I think we should treat them
all ahk", as t!<k v all at present occupy the same
lei.it.oris to th'' (tov'M nment. All the borderslave
Stales stand pi«cisi_lyon the same ptinciplt—
Missoui i, Kentucky, Tennessee, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, line Delawai c—none of them having called
on the Genera! Government for aid m this matter.
I thmk thai, this ml! is of a sectional character,
and for thaf reason I oppose it.
Mr. WICKLIFI'E. I have seen it stated in
the public proits that brfoie the issuing of the
President's procLo iation,bc received information
A om in tell i<;:.nt, u nconditional Union men oi Ken-
tucky which satisfied him that there was a great
change in public sentiment among the people of
Kentucky, and especially in the Union party, in
favor of these miserable abolition schemes. I
feel it my duty and my privilege to state on this
floor, in the face of Heaven, in the pr«a«uc© of tlie
Congress of the United States, and in the hearing
of the nation, that there is not one in every three
hundred men in Kentucky who is in favor of such
a measure, or of the proclamation. I say that
again and again; there is no division of sentiment
on this question of emancipation, whether it is to
be brought about by force, by fraud, or by pur-
chase of slaves outof the public Treasury. This,
Mr. Speaker, is all that I have to say now. I
regret that these Union citizens of Kentucky did
not, whim called for, give their names.
Mr. CLEMENTS. Although lam in opposition
to this bill, yet if I had an opportunity I would
gladly vote for the bill on this subjcct which was
leported last session. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Air. Wina.iffe] says that there is no tone
person out of every three hundred in Kentucky,
who is in favor of this scheme of emancipation.
I cannot say how many persons in Kentucky are
in favor of emancipation, but i do think the gen-
tleman, by the report the ballot-box makes at the
next regular election, will find that he is very
much mistaken. liefer him to the elections of
Missouri as being only one sound of the trumpet
that will proclaim that slavery is abolished in the
border States. 1 desire to say that in reporting
that bill last session we were not influenced so
much by a desire for emancipation as we were by
a desire to support the Government. As the Pres-
ident said in his message to Congress, in March
last, it was one gieat pt mciple on which the Gov-
ernment could be preserved. We believed he was
coneet, us the slaveholders of the border States
would then have a basis of suppoit for their in-
terest m slaves. At piesent, they aie looking for
the preservation of slavery in the cotton States as
the means of protecting their inteust in slaves.
If we pass.sucha biil as was leported last session,
H will form a basis of valuation for slaves, and
their value will notgo below it. By such a meas-
ure we will m lime get i id of the evil of slavery in
all the border States, and finally of the institution
throughout the Government. The lesult of such
a measure would, in my judgment, deserve the
thanks of all mankind, as it would, I believe, re-
lieve our country, in time, of one of the greatest
evils that disturb our national quietude.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, it is not my de-
sire 
Mr. ELiOT. I desire to offer an amendment-
Mr. NOELL. I will yield for that purpose be-
fore I conclude. It is not my design, Mr. Speaker,
to discuss the merits of this bill at all. Tiie sub-
ject has bt on already under discussion here and
in the other end of the Capitol, as well as in the
public press; and I suppose that the minds of
members are fully made up upon it. The ques-
tion has been before the people of the United
States for twelve months or more. 1 only desire
to explain briefly the character of the bill; and
then, if there be no desire to discuss it further, I
will move the previous question, so that the House
may have a vote upon us passage.
Mr. Speaker, this biil was reported before the
recess, and we had it printed in order that mem-
bers might have an opportunity of examining it
and discussing it thoioughly. Tiie gentleman
fiom Kentucky [Mr. Wickufte] may be correct
m what he says m regard to his own State, but
it is quite a different thing in regard to Missouri.
Theie we have had the question regularly before
the people, and they have decided in favor of get-
ting lid of the institution of slaveiy, and binding
themselves fdst and firm to the Constitution and
the Union.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a word in
response to my friend from Tennessee, |Mr.
Clements.] The point of his objection to this
bill, as I understand, it, is that it does not apply
to all tho other border sjave States, the people of
which may desire, at some proper period, to pur-
sue the same policy which the people of Missouri
propose to pursue. So far as I am concerned, I
will do as much to aid the gentleman in carrying
out a similar measure for his own State as the
gentleman himself will do. But Missouri is sit-
uated diff'Tpntly from all the other border slave
States. There has recently been an election in
that State, at which the people decided that if,
through the magnanimity anu generosity of the
Government, they could find an opportunity of
getting rid of slavery, they would embrace the
opportunity; and so place the State uf Missouri,
b« yand all question, fust and firm by the old Union
