208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
of-the States. The State of Tennessee is in a dif-
ferent position. A large portion of that State is
stiil in rebel occupation. The State has no regu-
lar loyal State government through which it could
legally accept the provisions of such a law as this.
And I repeat to my friend from Tennessee, that
whenever he shall satisfy mc that the people of
Tennessee have become ripe for this movement,
and in a condition to avail themselves of this law,
I will go as far as any other gentleman on this
floor to aid him in the matter. Bat at this time,
while the Legislature of Missouri arc in session,
gravely discussing this question, and are actually
depending almost entirely on the action of Con-
gress, it does seem to me that the gentleman is
asking a little too much in requiring us to wait and
provide by a general bill for all the other States.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wick-
liffe,] denounces this scheme of emancipation as
a miserable scheme of abolition. I pardon him iw
consequence of his age, and of his not being up
to the times. Thank God, I am so constituted
that I can impute upright motives to men's ac-
tions, and refrain from that line of denunciation
which characterizes every measure notcoincidtng
with my own views as a miserable thing. We
know from the recent elections in the northern
States that " this miserable scheme of abolition,"
as it is termed by the venerable gentleman from
Kentucky, has been used as a most effective weap-
on against the friendsof the Union in those States;
and 1 put it to my friend from Tennessee, whether
this is a time to aslc the people of the northern
States to make a sacrifice of $180,000,000 for the
.purpose of emancipation, when I believe that half
that sum will pay for all the slaves of loyal men
in the border States?
Mr. CLEMENTS. The vote on the joint reso-
lution proposed by the President is, I think, a full
answer to that question.
Mr. NOELL. I do not put this in the form of
a test question between my friend from Tennessee
and myself. I only appeal to his magnanimity
and liberality to withhold his efforts fo press a bill
of such magnitude at this particular juncture—a
bill which would impose so great a sacrifice on
our northern friends, who have manifested ti'-eadi-
ness to aid us to a reasonable extent in this mat-
ter whenever we show that we are in a position
to avail ourselves of the benefit of their magna-
nimity. Let the gentleman wait till all the boi der
slave States place themselves in the same position
as Missouri, until the people of those States de-
cide the question for themselves. When that time
comes I know that the northern States will not
withhold such aid as it may be in their power to
give. I therefore hope that my friend will not
persist in his opposition to tiiis bill because we
nave not included in it his own State, when I say
to him that from a consultation with gentlemen
here, I am informed that when the proper time
arrives the same liberality will be extended to the
loyal men of Tennessee as is now extended to the
loyal men of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, this bill provides for the issuing
of $10,000,000 in bonds, to compensate loyal
slaveholders. I am aware that some of the public
men in my own State believe that that sum is not
large enough. 1 differ from them in opinion on
that point. I am in receipt of an extensive cor-
respondence with men notonly m my district, but
in other portions of my State; and that corre-
spondence leads mc to the conclusion that not one
fourth of the slaves in that State belong to loyal
masters, or to persons who would be entitled to
compensation. I therefore believe that $10,000,000
wiili>e amply sufficient to pay for every slave of
loyal owners at the rate of ^,300 each. It is said,
however, that no law will be passed in the Mis-
souri Legislature making such a distinction; and
that unless we provide means for paying for all
the slaves, those of disloyal men will remain
slaves. I say, in answer to that, that there is a
process of emancipation now going on without
law which will apply to the Missouri disloyalists,
and make them perform their duties in this crisis.
It is not emancipation by legal enactment, but
emancipation by what 1 may perhaps style the
process of attrition. And I say that any rebel
sympathizer deserves to have his slaves taken
from him by whatever means are necessary. That
is an answer to that objection.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think this bill is a reason-
able one. It is guarded particularly upon this
point, to prevent any of the public moneys from
going into the hands of the enemies of the country;
and that was one important point I had in view in
framing the bill originally.
If any gentleman who has examined the bill
carefully in its details, finds any defect in it, any-
thing needing amendment, and will suggest such
amendment, if it meet the approval of £he House
I shall be satisfied with it. If there be no such
amendment, however, and no gentlemen desires
particularly to discuss the bill, 1 shall ask the pre-
vious question on it, and hope the House will,
without further delay, come to a final vote.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman to give way
to permit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. NOELL. I will give way to the gentleman
to hear his amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I propose to amend in the third
section, by adding at the end of the twelfth line, as
follows:
Or who may have willfully refused to take the oath of
allegiance to the Governnfent of the United States when
thereto requited by the militaiy or civil authority of the
United States, or of said State of Missouri.
Mr. NOELL. I have examined theamendment.
It is merely relative to one of the details of the bill;
and if the House are satisfied with it, I will ac-
cent it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
power to accept it. With his consent, however,
the amendment will be considered as pending.
Mr. NOELL. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. PRICE. I ask my colleague to withdraw
his demand, to permit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. NOELL. I will hear my colleague's
amendment. If it is to increase the amount named
in the hill, however, I cannot admit it.
Mr. PRICE. It does increase the amount.
Mr. NOELL. 1 insist on my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit mc to move to strike out all after the word
" irrepcalable" to the word " provided," in the
fifth and sixth lines.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not.
Mr. NOELL. I must decline to withdraw my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table, and demand the yeas and nays upon the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Baily, Bnidle,
CahciL Clements, Conway, Coining, Cox, Cravens, Dun-
Lip, Dunn, Granger, Grider. Hnigbf, HaJl. Uardmg. Hol-
man. Johnson, Keuigan, Knapp, Law, Menzies, Mom*,
Xorton, Odell, Pendleton, Periv, Porter, Price, Segar,
Shu I, Smith, John B. Steele, William O. Steele, Stileg,
Stiatton, Voorhees, Ward, Wiekiiffe, Woodiuff, and Yea-
man—1'3.
NAY.-4—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bakes. Baxter. Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William
G. Biown, BurTinton, Burnham, Campbell. Chambeilain,
Colfax. Fiedenck A. Conklimr, Koseoe Conklm#, Duel!,
Eliot, Ely, Ponton, Samuel C/Fe-^enden, Thomas A. I),
Fessenden, Fianchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Harrison, Hick-
man. Hooper, Horton, Ilutehms, Julian, Kelley, France
W. Hello™, William Kellogg, Lehman, Loomis, Lovojov,
Low. MeKean, McPherson, Maynaid, Mitchell, Anson i'.
Monill. Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Alexander 11. Rice, John IL Rice, Riddle, Edwaul
II. Rollins, James g. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Sheffield,
Spanldmg, Steven-;, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiowbudge,
Van Uoiu. Van Yaikenbmgh, Veiree, Walker, Wall, Wal-
lace. WaMihuine, Wheeiei, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
ce^tei—7JJ.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TROW BRIDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Beaman', was absent from the House in con-
sequence of the serious illness of his daughter.
Mr. ALLEY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dawes, was detained from the House in conse-
quence of sickness in his family. ;
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Cobb, was unavoidably detained
from the House. j
Mr, THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that ;
his colleague, Mr. Delano, was confined to his i
room by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The previous question was seconded, and the !
main question ordered to be put. !
The question recurred on the amendment sub- i
mitted by Mr. Eliot. j
The House divided, and there were—ayes 60, <
noes 31. |
Mr. HOLMAN asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Ai noUL Ashley. Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Jacob B Blah. Blake. Buffinton,
Burnham, Campbell, Chambeilain, Coiiax. Fiedeuck Ai
ConKiing, Roscoe Coukling, Ouell, Dunn, Eliot. Ely, Eng-
lish, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden. Tlsoma- A I). Fo&-
senden, Franchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Hah", Hanson, [lick
man. Hooper, lloiton, llutchiurf, Julian, Kelley. Fiaucis
W. Kelloiig, William Kellogg, Lehman, Loomis, Lovcjov,
Low, MeKean, MeKnight, McPherson, Aiw>n P. Monjlj,
Justin S. Momll, Noell, Oim, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Poiter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Kiee, Riddle, Edwaid
II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Saig«>nt, Sedgwick, Seqar,
Shanks, Spauldmg, Stevens, Trimble, Trowhndge, Van
Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Verrce, Walker, Wall, Wallace,
Wheeler, Wii-on. Windom. and Woteeuei—75.
NAYS—Messrs; William Alien, WilliamG. Brown,Cal-
vcit, Corning, Cox, Cravens?, Dunlap, Granger. Grider,
Hajght, Hall, Ilaiding, Holman, Johnson, Knapp, Law,
Ma)mud, Men/acs, Morris, Norton,Odell, Pendleton, Peuy,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele. Stiles,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhees, Ward,
Wood, Woodiutf, and Yeauian—35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to lay the bill on
the table; and called the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS— MesM>. William Allen, Ancona, Baily, Biddle,
Calvmt, Clements. Conway, Corning, Cox. Ciaver.s, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Gtanger, Guder, Haight, Hall. Holman, John-
son. Keingap, Knapp, Law, Menzie-. Motus, Norton,
Odell. Pendleton. Peny, Poiter, Puce, Segar, Shiel, Smith,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stile*, Stratton, Vallan-
digham, Voorhees, Ward, Wicklilfe, Wood, Woodi lift", and
Teaman—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker. Baxter. Bingham, Jacob B. Blan, Blake, William
G. Biown, Buffinton, Burnham, Campbell, Chamberlain,
Colfax, Fiedeiiek A Conkling, lloseoe Conkhng. Covode,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D.
Fessenden, Fianchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Hale. Harrison,
Ilickman, Hooper, Horton, Hutehms, Kelley. Fiaucis W.
Kelloyg, Lehman, Loomis Lovejoy, Low, MeKean, Mc-
Knight, Maynard. Mitchell, Anson P.Moirili, Justm S.Mor-
rill, Noell, Oiin. Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Alexander H.
lttce. John II. llice, Riddle, Edvvaid II. Rollins, James S.
Rolling. Snig'MH, Sedgwick, Shanks?, Sheffield, Spaulding,
Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trowlnidge,'Van fiom,
Van Valkenbuigh, Verree, Walkei, Wallace, Washburne,
Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, and Woicestei—73.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr.CHAVENSmoved thattheliouse adjourn;
and demanded the yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 11), nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Mew?. Willi.im Allen. Ancona, Corning, Cra-
vens-. Dunlap, Molinaa, Jolm-on, Kenyan. Knapp. Law,
Odeil, Pendleton, Perry. William G. Steele, Stile's, Val-
landigham. Want", Wic'khfie. and Wood—in.
NAVS—Mc&ms/Alduch. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt. Oady,
Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake. Buflniton,
Burnham, Campbell. Chainbei lam. CI em<-nt% Coiiax, Fied-
eiiek A. Conklnig, Conwa\, Covode, Dunn, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Tnoma.-s A. D Fe^enden. Fianchot. Gooch,Good-
win. Clangor, Hale. Harti^on. Hickman. Hooper, Horton,
Hutchms. Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg. William
Kellogg, Lehman, Loomi*-, Lovejov, Low, Mi.Ke.ui, Mc-
Pherson, Maiston, Maynard, Mm-hell Anson P. Morrill,
Justin S. Moirill. Moms Noell, Olui, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Poiter. Alexander II Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edward fl. Uolloi.-, Jaine-j S Roliin>, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Segar, Shanks Sheffield. Spauldmg, Stevens, Stiatton,
Benjamin F.Thomas, Ttiinhie, Tiowbtulge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenbuigh, Venee, Walkei, Wall, Wa-hbuine,
Webster, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, andWoicestei—82.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Tlte bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. NOELL demanded the previous question
on its passage.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.—yeos "<3, nays 4G; as follows;
YEAS—Me^is. Aldrieh, Alley, Ashley. Babbitt, Baker,
Bfntei, Bingham, Jacob B. Blau, Blake, Biiilinton, Burn-
ham, Campbell, Chambeilain, Ciaik. Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, Ro^eoe Conkling, Covode, Duel!. Eliot, Cly,
Fenton, Samuel O. Fesseuden, Thomas A. I). Fe^eiub-n,
Fisher. Fr.mehot, Gooch, Goodwin, Hale, Ilarn.-on, flick-
man,^ Hooper, Horton, Ilutehms. Julian, Kelley, Franel*
\\ . Kellogg. Lehman. Loomis, Lovvjov. Low, MeKean,
McKniglit, McPhei&on, Ma\ nard, Ansori I\ Monill. Justiu
S. Morn 11, Noell, Olui, Tunothv G. Pbelps, Pike, Alexan
dor il. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle. Edward 11. Rollins,
