1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 20,
During; the roll-call,
Mr. LOW stated that Mr. Sargent had paired
off wah Miv Price, otherwise he "v^gijld have
voted "aye."
Mr. FRANK announced that Mr. Ward's
absence was occasioned by indisposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE stated that Mr. Arnold
was detained at his house by sickness in his
family, and had paired off on this bill with Mr.
Allen, of Illinois.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered, and
.also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE withdrew his motioh.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I renew the
motion-to reconsider.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. The gentleman did not
vote with the prevailing; side.
The SPEAKER. On which side did the gen-
tleman vote ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. In the negative,
I believe.
Tiie SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has 110
right to mnicc the motion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and on that motion i demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. If the House will allow me,
I desire to make a suggestion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Sheffield's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
57, nays 89; as follows:
^YEAti—Messrs. William Allen. Aneona, linker, Haxter,
Diddle, Cobb, I'tcdenck A. ConMhiy, RuM'ue Conklirii^
Coining. Cox, (.'raven-;, < 'ii-lii-Ul, Daws, l<\mke, Condi,
Grider, Hall, Johnson, Kenigan. Knapp, Law.
Lnzeai, Million, May, Metme*, Miteheil, JiMin S. Mni-
rill, Mom*, No hits, Moi tun, Nus*un, < )<|fll, Pendleton, Peuj-,
JPomeioy, I'otfr, Kohin-on, Kduaid Jl. Rollins, J.uik s >S."
* Kollin-j, ShWhehl, Shtel, Smith. John If. Steele, Willi,un
G. Steele, tfulrs, ^n.uton, Benjamin P. Thomas Vnllan
digham. Vooihee*, U'.itlon Win-dor, Whuley, ChiltonA.
White. Wiclclille, Wooctiutr. and Yeaman—57.
NAYs>—Me^n. Aldiich,'Alley, A.-hl^y, Babbitt, Bea-
nian, Bingham, Jaeob 11. Hlan, Blake. William G. Brown,
Bulfiulon, Calveit, Campbell, < 'nsev, Chamberlain, Clem-
ent,-, Col/ax, Conway, Cnvodo, Cutler, Davis, Delano,
Diven, Dunn, ndge.uon, lilint, I'Yinon, l1. Fes-en-
den, Thomas \ I) Pes-enden, l-ishrr, Pianelm!. 1'i.uik,
Goodwin, Gian^ei, fl.dm, Haiylii, 11 ui 11-on, Iliekman,
JJoopet, IJntenni-', Julian, Kelley, Pianeis W. Kellogjr,
William Kello^", I,an sum;, Lent y, Lehman, f jovejoy, Low.
Melndoe. Melvean, WeKni ht, MePheuson, Mai si on, May-
nard, Moot head, Alison 1'. Moiiill,Ni.xon,Noell, Ohn, Pat-
tou, Tinnuhv <« Phelps, Pike, Poitcr, Alexander H. lUee,
John lb Riee, Riddle. Sodpwiek, Segar, Shnnk^, Sheila- !
!>ai ei, Shemum, Sloan, Spanlding, Steveu-i, Fianeis
Thoma-, Ti.un, Tumble, Tiowlmdije, Van lloni, Yan
W\ek, Ymee, Wall, Wall.i-c, W^hbume, W.
Albert S. While, Wilson, Wimlom, and Woieester— s!).
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Dm in# the roll-call,
Mi POTTER (hat Mr. Blair, of Penn-
sylvania, had been detained from the House by
sickness since Tuesday last.
Mi. DIVEN.stated thatlUr.VANValkenhurcii
was absent, owing lo indisposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN stated that if he had been
wuhin the bar when his name was called, he
would have voted to lay fhe bill upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN made a similar statement.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as alxue recorded, the question iccurred upon
ordering the bill lo a third reading.
Mr. SIIEIAFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
The question was taken; and if, was decided m I
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 66; as follows: !
Yl.AS—Me<-is. Aldueh, Ashley. Babbitt, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Jacob P.. Ulau. Blake. William G Bi'ovvn, Bulhntnii, j
Calvit, Campbell. Cu-e\, Ciiaiubci i.un, Clement-, Col lax, i
Con\va\. Co\ ode, ('nth r, Da\i.-, Delano, Divon, Dnnn.Ed- I
gejt< n, Chot. Ei\. Fuiton, Samm-I C Fe^emien, Thomas J
A. !> Fe?>eiulrn, P^her, Fi.inK, Goodu ui, (Jianyei. Halin, 1
liaiuhf, Ii lie U ick man. lloopoj. 'Inteltin-. Julian, Kulley,
Fianeis W. Keliojitr. Will'.,tn Ktiioirn. bai^ini;, Loaij, ,
Lov'joy, bow, Meindoe, MrKe.in, Mcrheifon, Matniou, !
? fa\',(,ud. Moorhead, Aii'-on 1\ "\I< iriII.1Voell, (.dm, Pat ton, ■
TimMbv G IMii'lji-, Pottr--, Alf\aiid'.i 11. Rice, John fl. 1
Tiler, Riddle, Sai'^eiif, Sedywiek. Seg;u, ^iianks, Shel'a- j
iiai n, s5h< nn.i'i, M(/jn, SpauUhti';", Elevens, Fr.meis j
Thoma.,, Tiiitiblc, 'j'io'.vbndgc, Van lloiu, Van W\«,k, '
Veiree, Wall. Wallace, Washburne, Albert S. White, Wil-
son, Windom, and Worcester—83.
NAYS—Meeprn. William Allen. Ancona, Baily, Baker,
Baxter, Biddle, Cobb, Fredeiick A.Co>.kiing, Itoseoe Conk-
ling, Cox,Cravens,Ctinfield.CnttfMi(ien. Dawes, Edwards,
Foukc, Gooeh, Guder, Guriey, IJall, Hauling, narrisou,
Holman, Horton, Johnson, Keiiigtin}lCnapp,La\v,LazGar,
Loomis, Mallory, May, Menzies,"'Justin S. Mornll, Morrib,
N^xon,'Noble,'Norton, Nugon. Odcll, Pendleton, i'erry,
Pike. Pomcroy, Porter, Piiec, Ilobin«ou, James S. Rollins,
Sheffield, Siiiel, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhees,
Wadsvvorth. Walton, Wheeler, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Wiekliffe, W^oodruft, Wright, and Yeamati—66.
So the biil was ordered to a third reading.
During the roll-call,
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Blair, of Pennsylvania, who would
have voted "aye,"and he [Mr. McKnight]"no."
Mr. EDWARDS announced that Mr. Roi.t.tns,
of New Hampshire, had paired off with Mr. Web-
ster.
Mr. SMITH announced his pair with Mr. Leh-
man, he [Mr. {Smitii] being against the bill, and
Mr. Lehman in favor of if.
Mr. MITCHELL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Van Valkenburgh.
Mr. FRANCHOT announced his pair with
Mr. Corning; he being in favor of the bill, and
Mr. Corning opposed to it.
Mr. CR1SFIELD stated that if Mr. Webster
had been present h'e would have voted in the af-
firmative, but he had paired off upon this question
with Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I demand the
reading of the hill in extenso.
Mr. HOOPER, i demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. IJOSCOfi CONIvLING. Let the bill have
its third leading in eo^tenso.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill.
Mr. WASUIJCJRNE. ] t is in order to dispense
with the reading of the bill at this time, and i sub-
mit that motion.
Mr. KO,5COE CONKLING. I call for the
reading of fhe utle on the subject.
The Clei k lead fi om Barclay's Digest, (pp. 19,
20,) as follows:
The lluee leading of the bill are usually by the title,
the leading tluougiiout usually lakmg place m Committee
ofiiie Whole: but ulioietheie is no commitment it then
take?, place wln-m vet tt is pioposod to put the bill on its
pa-?at:e. ft i-- the undoubted light, however, of any mem-
ber to have a bill lead throughout at every stage of us piog-
ic s tluough the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Clerk will icport the bill.
The bill was then lead.
MESSAGE FROM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Air. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had pushed
bills of that body of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (No. 512) to disapprove of the twenty-
sixth section of the act of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Nevada, and for other pur-
poses: and
An act (No. 52(>) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Ti ensure r of the United States, and
to fix the pay of the Treasurer, Assistant Treas-
urer, clerks, and messengers in the office of the
Treasurer. *
The message also announced that the Senate
have directed the return of the bill of the Senate
(No. 483) to establish the gauge of the Pacific
railroad and its branches.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the House of the following
titles:
An act (No. 357) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Auzona, and for
other put poses, without amendment; and
An act (No. 7^) to establish certain post roads,
Willi amendments; m which the concurrence of
the House was lequested.
NATIONAL CURRENCY AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPER. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that there be a call
of the llouso befoie the vote is taken.
The SPE4KER. That motion is not in order
after the mam question has been oidered. I
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order that
the House shall take a recess at half past four
o'clock, and therefore a motion to adjourn can-
not be entertained.
Mr. COX. I propose that, by unanimous con-
sent, the vote on the passage of the bill be taken
when we come back this evening, and when there
will be a full House. A good many members have
gone home under the impression that the reading
of the bill would occupy the time till half past four.
Mr. STEVENS. Half of us might not be able
to get here this evening. Many of us are old, and
cannot come.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to the House that
the vote be taken now, and that all the gentlemen
who come into the Hall before the result is an-
nounced by the Speaker shall be allowed to vote.
I think they are all about the Capitol.
Mr. STEVENS. Iobjcct. Men who will not
attend to their duty ought not to vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask unanimous consent that
there may be a call of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The question was taken pand the motion was
not agreed to,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the Chair allow me to
make an inquiry relating to the business of the
evening session ? , •
There was no objection.
Mr. COLFAX. The postal reform bill is made
the spceial order for this evening. I wish to sug-
gest to the House fhe propriety of continuing in
session till six o'clock instead of taking a recess
till seven, and disposing of that bill.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
78, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashlev, Babbitt, Bea-
man, Bingham, Jnqob B. Blair, Blake, Uuffinton, Calvert,
Campbell, Casey, Cluunbeilain, Clementf, Colfax, Conway,
Covode. Cutler,Davis,Delano, Dunn,Edsteiton,Ehot, Ely,
I'Viituti, ifiuiiiicl C. FusMMiden, Thomas- A. D. Fessenden,
I'Vher, Fiank. Coodwin, Gian^cr, Halm, Ilaight, Hick-
man, IJoopei, Hutching Julian^ Kclley, FianeiV VV. Kel-
logn, William lveliot^, liiiiiMtig, Lean, bovejoy, Low,
Melndoe, MoKean, MePhc^on, M.u&ton', Ma', uard.Moor-
head, Anson P. Moudl, Noell, Ohn, Pauon,"Timothy G.
Phelps Pottei, Alexander 11. llice.John II. Rice, fc?aigcnt,
Sed"\wek, rieirar, thanks, rthellabaicei, Sherman, Sloan,
Spauldma, Stovn«, Trimble, Tiowbnd o, Van Horn, Van
Wyek, Veriee, Wall, Wallace, Wa-iibiniie, Albert S.
White, VVindom, and Worcester—"J8.
NAYS— VI-'-sh. Willi.mi Allen, Ancona, Baily, Baker,
Baxter. Biddle, Cobb, Fnderiek A. Conklinff, Ro«coe
Cnnkhnu, Cox, Ciavenv, Cuttenden, Dawe*,"Edwaids,
Eaylisrii, Gooea, Gudei, Guiiey. Hall, li.uding, ilauison,
Holman, Hoi ton, Johnson, Kei i iimd, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Loonn-\ Mallory. MawMenzie-, Jn-iin S. Mori ill. Morris,
Ni.\ou, Noble, Notion, Nugon, Odell, Pendleton, Perry,
Pike, i'omenn , l'ort'-i, Price, Rolmn.-on, James Rollins,
Shefhehb fcSlnel, folm B Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stiaiton, Benjamin l\ Thomas, Fianeis Thomas, Valian-
digham. Wadvworth, Wheeler, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Wiekhtfb, Wilson, Woodruff, and Wright—Gi.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FRANCHOT stated that he was paired
o(F with Mr. Corning, who would have voted
against the bill, while he [Mr. Franchot] would
hove voted for it.
Mr. VERREE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lehman*, was paired off with Mr. Smith.
Mr. McPlIERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Blair, was paiied off with Mr. McKnight.
Mr. MITCHELL stated tluuh e was paired off
with Mr. Van Valkenburgii, who would have
voted for the bill, while lie [Mr. Mitchell]
would have voted against it.
Mr. IIUTCIIINS stated that h is colleague,
Mr. Riddle, was paired off with Mr. Crisfjeld.
The former would have voted for the bill, the
latter against it.
Mr. ROLLINS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Wlijster.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, M r. Arnold, was detained from the House
on account of sickness m his family.
Mr. HOLMAN stated thatMr. Voorhees was
absent on account of indisposition. He would
have voted against the bill.
