210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
whenever the Secretary of the Interior requires ]
them to do so. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
theieof, the joiVit resolution was ordered to be read
a thu'd time and engrossed; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT COLLECTOR FOR NEW YORK.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
E.csoh-ed, That tliA Committee on Commerce be, and is
herebv. instructed to irqoifi' mto ttic expediency of eieatmg
the office of assistant collector for the collection district of
the city of New V<>: k, and abolishing any other office or
ofiiccn'in tiie same district, tlutcan lie dispensed with with-
out [iiejudice to the public service; and that they have leave
to import by bill 01 otheiwise.
CIRCUIT COURTS IN CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
Mr WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, repoi ted a bill to provide circuit courts
for the districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
lime, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
RICHARD CIIENERY.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of Richard Clienery; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mlttCd- UTAH WAR.
Mr. ALDRTCH,from the Committee on Indian
Affahs, moved thauhat committee be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
473, to fix and determine the amount of expenses
incurred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in
western Utah in i860; and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
INDIAN AGENTS TV WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the same committee,
moved that it be discharged from the further con-
sideration of a memorial of the Legislative Assem-
bly of Washington Territory relative to the ap-
pointment of Indian agents in the Spokane country,
and that the same be laid upon the table; which
motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AmiOI'RIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, l move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the civil appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself info the Committee
of the Whole on the stateof the Union, (Mr. Hol-
man m the chair,) and icsumed the consideration
of House bill No. G35, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, andjudicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 18G4.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause having been read:
For compensation of tlii<ty-t'>rcc commissioners, at
$3,000 each, and eleven clcrk*, at £1,200 each..^112,200,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, said: I
would inquire of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means if he can inform me how
many of these commissioners have entered upon
the discharge of their duties.
Mr. STEVENS. Vety few; perhaps oniv onp,
so far as my knowledge extends. They are about
bein<r appointed, and they have not, yet entered
upon the discharge of their duties. The gentie-
man from Massachusetts will observe thnt this
appropriation is for the year 1864.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
hill.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish, with the consent of
the House, to move an amendment at the end of
line ten, page 1, which contains an appropriation
for the mileage of Senators. T move to .nid thcu'to
the following proviso:
Pi That until further legislation no paitof this
ap!,i< pii;itK>n «nall be paid tor mileage of Senatois and
iUbn^oetat.vo- beyond the c.tnn often cents per mile each
\vr-< ; and the distance fchail be computed according to ex-
iiteig laws.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. That proviso changes existing laws.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mistaken;
it only withholds the appropriation for a certain
time. It basal ways been held that, m appropriation
bills, wo may give a direct ion to an appropriation.
The amendment does not finally change the law,
but simply withholds the appropriation for a
specified time; that is, until further legislation; so |
that Congress may decide whethevenormous rates j
each way shall be allowed for mileage, or whether 1
it shall be reduced.
The CHAIRMAN. As the amendment does
not affect the law, but simply suspends the appli-
cation of the appropriation, the Chair overrules
the point of order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by trans-
posing lines three hundred and ninety, three hun-
dred and ninety-one,and three hundred and ninety-
two, which are as follows:
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attending the
same, including pay of furnace keeper, $2,500;
So that they shall come in after line three hun-
dred and seventy-nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend by striking
out the appropriation of $130,000 for the Depart-
ment of'Agriculture, on p'age 27, and insertmgin
lieu thereof §00,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means what amount was appropriated for the cur-
rent fiscal year for the same purpose ?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe it is $00,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I beg leave to in-
quire still further, what is the occasion for this
enormous in&rease, which is more than double the
appropriation for the current year?
Mr. STEVENS. It will be recollected, Mr.
Chairman, that toward the close of the last session
of Congress we established this as a new and inde-
pendent bureau, put it under entirely new manage-
ment, andcnlaiged very much, as the gentleman
will see by reference to the law, the sphere, duties,
and operations of the Department. During the
past year but very little progress could be made
in carrying out what were the objects of the es-
| tablishment of that bureau; for that only passed
into a law in May last. All the duties and objects
are to be found enumerated upon page 31 of the
report, at fall length. The Department designates
the sums now asked for as necessary in order to
carry out the intention of the House for the ben-
efit of the agricultural interests of the country.
The amount has not been over estimated. I know
that one of the subordinate officers of that bureau,
Mr. Wetherill, is a very efficient man; and a more
judicious selection could not have been made. He
is learned in everything pertaining- to that branch
of business, and 1 do not believe a more capable
man can be found in the United States.
As to the Superintendent himself, the chief of
the bureau, he does not profess to be a scientific
man, but only a practical farmer; and I suppose
he is one of the best to be found. He has the
general supervision of the estimates of his Dcpart-
j ment, though coming not from him, but from the
: various offices. Either, therefore, this bureau
| ought to be abolished and the duties thereof per-
; formed as they were formerly, or the present esti-
ij mates ought to be appropriated. If this bureau
[! is carried out with the liberality which this House
:! intended, I think it will be one oCihe most bc;'o-
i1 llcialorganizationsoftheGovcrnn'mnt,and i think
'' the agricultural improvements of the country, in
. a vi ry .-hoit tune, will amply reward all the ex-
.i pend'turn which may be Lestowod upon this De-
!' partment. 1 trust, if we ore to retrench anvwhoro,
j it will imt be in this branch, which should br-lib-
I eralIy patronized , loanable it to perform th" objects
'i of its creation.
i, Mr. CRAVENS. I move to amend the arnend-
II ment by striking out all from the six hundred and
twenly-ewhth to the six hundred and forty-spv-
cnth line inclusive, os follows:
For the coii"ction :\ud comoiUng of agricultural statis-
; t'C"', and the proem emerit, provocation, and distribution of
: the nio-t unproved vaiietiesof trapes, and byhyhndizauon
J to 0! sgmafe and develop iho^e chaijeteri-tics noce.--.ary to
. encoinay the pioduet ion of win" in tlie Cm ted States and
:; lor the distribution ot cutting-*, plants,seeds, and eer«aUof
M new and useful varieties, both foreign and domestic, and
|i for the mttodnction and piotectiou ot msectivoious buds,
11 find for invest'union's to fat the pra^n "ah- hn of en In vat
and preparing flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton, and
for the encouragement of the agricultural and uiral inter-
ests ot all paifcfot the Union, and tor scouring an efficient
cletical coip*, chomi-t, botam-t, cntomologi-t, ornitholo-
gist, and other pei-ons --killed in the mutual sciences pei-
taming to a^rieultine, labor-is, and fot the pmpo«c- ot es-
tablishing a laboratmy, wjtti the ncce-saiv apparatus for
practicafand scientific experiments in agricultural ohem-
i-tr>, £130.000 : Provided, That the pa\ of clerk's, messen-
ger, and laborers shall not exceed the sum allowed to sim-
ilar employes in the Departments.
I think the whole provision is unnecessary.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am, opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York, and
to the amendmcntof the gentleman from lndiana,
and hope they will not prevail. This is all the
appropriation we make for this the most import-
ant interest of the country. The appropriation
which we make should, in my judgment, be ample.
A proper sense of economy in the House would
indicate that it should be ample for the purposes
which we seek to accomplish. At the lost ses-
sion of Congress we voted that a part of this ap-
propriation should be expended for the puipose
of experiments in cottonizing flax, but the appro-
priation was absorbed for other purposes, and
there was nothing left to be applied to this im-
portant object. Now, sir, in the gentleman's own
State, the State of Indiana, I think three hun-
dred and twenty thousand tons of flax ore taised,
which is now of very little value. Expci iments
are now being carried on by private individuals
which promise success; and if we can but succeed
under the direction of this Department and under
the patronage of the Government to v\\cot ma-
chinery which will enable us to woik ilax upon
cotton machinery, it will be worth to the country
all the expenditure which we make under this bill.
It seems to me that Congress might wr-H make
the entire appropriations provided for in this bill
for the purpose of making experiments m this
department of industry alone.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ItOSCOE CONKLING. I understand that
flax is worth a great deal more now than it has
been of late; but whether it is or not, I would like
to inquire whether the gentleman thinks that this
machinery, which the invention of the world has
not yet produced, for separating the fiber of the
flax from the material which should be taken from
it, and for giving it the requisite strength to ba
used in the place of cotton, is likely to come from
individual competition and ingenuity, or from the
operations of the Government?
Mr. SFIEFFIELD. I answer that I think it
will come from individuals if the experiments are
made under the patronage of the Government.
Individuals will be willing to give their skill to
the Government. Experiments aie now being
made in that direction which are well-nigh suc-
cessful, and need only a little aid to develop and
bring them into active operation. I hope this ap-
propriation will not be rr-dncod, however it may
bo with others.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will not occupy the time of
the committee farther than to say that I am very
much surprised that this motion should come from
the quarti r it docs. We must all be awate that
almost every eiTbrt whi"h Iids heretofore been
made to strike out appropriations for tins Depart-
ment have faded.' And, so fai as I know, no can-
did find reasonable man entertains any objection
whatever against this Deportment, only so far as
ifs head is concerned; and that, Mr. Churman,
seems to me a very poor ieasoo for seeking to
overthrow the Department itseif. The head ean
be changed.
Now, I suppose that Department wants a prac-
tical farmer somewhere. If he occupies the head
' of the Department, and has a scientific man m
j another position, it is just as well as any other
j way. I believe that m most of the Depai '.mcnts
| of the Government, the woikingincnoccupysuh-
| ordinate positions. I take it, that fo-quently the
■ legal and practical talent of the different Dej-art-
; ments occupy other positions than that of heads
of bureaus, and I am not at all prepared to join
in this opposition. I am not disposed to discuss
the merits or demerits of individuals, but to call
the attention of the committee to this point, that
the Department itself is valuable, that it pu-posts
to benefit the agricultural inteivsWof the country,
and that we m'tln* West need it. The people of
the West are now selling th *ir products almost
