1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
below the cost of production. They have fur-
nished their full share of men to the Army, and
would feel very unpleasant at having this appro-
priation, the only one for their benefit, denied
them. For some reason, I know not what, some
member of the House thinks it his duty, every
session, to make this movement. There was no
opposition at all made to this Agricultural Bureau
until it became a Department, and I suppose that
Indiana thought it a little hard that she could not
monopolize this Agiicultural Department also.
Mr. CALVERT. I trust, Mr. Chairman, that
what I deem to be the best section in the whole
biil will not be stricken out. It was only last
year that Congress made an appropriation to cstab-
lush this Department, and certainly there has not
been time yet for it to develop itself, and to show
whether or not it will be advantageous to the
country. I hope these attacks will not be made
on the Department from any bad feeling that may
exist in regard to any person connected with this
Department. Let the Department stand upon its
own merits,and have afair investigation for them.
If it does not produce any results advantageous
to the country, I shall not ask for any further
appropriation toward it. But I contend that no
opportunity has yet been given to the Depart-
ment to show whether it will be beneficial. Here
is the agricultural interest, the greatest in the
country, and some gentlemen are not willing that
that great interest shall be represented by the pit-
iful sum of #130,000, while we are daily appro-
priating millions on millions for other purposes
not half so valuable. I believe that this Depart-
ment can do more to pay the annual taxes that
we are levying, and to develop the resources of
the country, than any other Department of the
Government. Beware of the day when the agri-
culturists are brought to know that Congress is
not willing to protect their interests in the way
proposed. I trust and hope that the committee
will vote down these amendments. If the gentle-
man at the head of the Agricultural Department is
not competent to manage it, let another be put in
his place. I have no preferences, hut I say that
the Department is calculated to do more good, than
any one of the other Departments of the Govern-
ment, and I trust the committee will so regard it.
Mr. CRAVENS. I desire to say that I have
no prejudice against the gentleman at the head of
this Department; but I live in an agricultural dis-
trict, and up to this hour I have never known of
any benefits to the country from this organization.
I have had some experience in the distribution of
seeds and plants, and have yet to learn that any of
my constituents have derived any benefit from
them. I believe that a great deal of money is un-
necessarily expended in this Department, and that
the whole thing should be abolished, and left to
private enterprise, at least for the present.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, 1 represent part
of a city, but agriculture feeds our population, and
therefore I am not indifferent to its interests. I do
not intend to expand on the advantages and bene-
fits derived from the distribution of the valuable
seeds which this Department collects both at home i
and abroad. I merely wish to say, in answer to j
a remark which fel! from one of the gentlemen, ,
that if any prejudice against tins Department arise ;
from a supposed wani of merit in the gentleman i
who is now at the head of it, I, for one, belies; ;
that that prejudice ause.s from a want of knowl- i
edge of his character and capacity to do full jus- i
tice to the interests of the Department over which ;
he has been called to preside, after n full investi- |
gation of his character and capacity. !
Mr. LAW. 1 differ entuely fioni my colleague i
[Mr. Craveks] on this question. I believe that
this is one of the most important items m the bill, j
It is the only one that donates anything to the
agricultural portion of the community. We ex- <
pend millions daily, but not one cent is given to '
the agricultural interest except by this bill. I j
know that m my section of the country the dis- '
tribution of seeds and of agricultural books has .
been of immense service to the people, and I know '
that there isno book circulated by Congress which .
gives greater satisfaction to the people than theagri-
cultural portion of the Paten tOtficc report. I receive :
letters almost daily asking me for copies of that i
report. I therefore claim that, so far as regards j
the distribution of seeds, and evciy thing connected
with the agricultural interests of the country, a
vast deal of good is done* in that wav; and i do 1
trust and hope that, although there may be some
prejudice against the gentleman who is now at the
head of that Department, such prejudice will be
laid aside for the benefit of the farmers through-
out the country.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. CRAVENS. I modify my amendment by
inserting, in place of what I propose to strike out,
the following:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations for
piomoting agricultuie and luial economy, and the procure-
ment, propagation, and distribution of cuttings and seeds,
of new and useful vaneties, and for the introduction and
piotection of inscctivoious birds*, and for investigations to
test the piacticabiiity of prepaung flax and licnip a* a sub-
stitute for cotton, $60,000: Provided, however, That m the
expenditure of this appropiiation, and especially in the se-
lection of cuttings and seeds for distribution, due lcgaid
shall be had to the puiposes of general cultivation, and the
cncouiagement of the agricultural and ruial inteiests of all
parts of the United States.
Mr. SHEFFIELD demanded tellers on the
amendment.
Mr CRAVENS. As the committee appears
indisposed to sustain my amendment, I will with-
draw it.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. 1 move to amend,
by striking out the following:
For salaries of three judges of the Court of Claims, the
solicitor assistant solicitor, deputy solicitor, cleik, and as-
sistant clerk, and messenger theicof, $27,300.
For stationciy, hook*, fuel, lights, laborer?3 hire, and
othei contingent and miscellaneous expenses, $3,000.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to taking testi-
mony, and witn0as.es and commissioner, $1,000.
I offer this amendment in the hope that some
light may be thrown on the question of whether
tins court does not actually cost the Government
more than its services are worth. There have
been some statements made of late in refeience
to this court, which, if they arc true, ought cer-
tainly to u-ccive the attention of the Ilouse. This
court is composed of three judges, with salaries
of $,4,000 a year. At the head of those judicial
ofEeeis is a gentleman from Massachusetts, who
resides most of the time in that State, and who has
little or nothing to do but draw his salary.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I venture
to correct the gentleman, and say that that is an
entire mistake. The judge referred to does not
reside more than three or four months of the year
in Massachusetts, and is engaged in the discharge
of his duties m Washington nearly eight months
of the year. That is an entire mistake.
Mr S. C. FESSENDEN. Then there is one
mistake corrected.
Mr. TIJOMAS, of Massachusetts. Entirely.
Mr. PORTER. 1 can say for the judge of the
Court of Claims from the State of Indiana, that lie
spends nearly all Ins time in Washington, and
that he is a man of great talents and ability.
Mr. S.C. FESSENDEN. This couit is com-
posed also of three.solicitors with salaries of$3,500,
$3,000, and $2,500, and of two clcrks at $.3,000
and $3,000; and it is said that one of the latter
lives in Connecticut, comes hereto draw his salary,
and then returns home. The other is an editor of
the National Inulhgencer.
Mr. LOOMIS. hi regard to the clerk living in
Connecticut, I know him well. Relives constantly
m Washington, and is not at home as many as
ten days in the year.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Well, that is an-
other mistake coirected. [Laughter.] Let us see
if there is another to he corrected. The other
cletk is an editor of the National Intelligencer,
and it is said that the laborious duties of these
clcrks occupy them, on an average, about an hour
a week, lot which they receive $5,000per annum.
Mr. RIDDLE, i understand that, for the pies-
ent, there has been somewhat of a suspension of
the businews of that court, pending its reorganiza-
tion uiuhr the bill passed by this II ouso, and not
yet acted upon by the Senate; but I am also in-
formed that these has spi ung up an immense cor-
respondence. winch is attended to by the cleik
whom the gentleman designates as one of the
editors of the National Intelligencer, and that U
draws very largely upon his tune. 1 am a per-
sonal acquaintance of his, and know something
of the facts. He performs a lar^e amount of labor
in ausweimg mere letteis of inquiry in reference
to the millions comprised in new claims that have
sprung up of late. It is really a laborious busi-
ness to attend to that correspondence of itself.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I do not question
that the statement the honorable gentleman has
made is true. I am only making certain inquiries
with a view to have them answered upon the floor
of this House, that all the country may know
whether these statements are or are nottrue.
Now, sit;, is it not true that the records of this
court will show that it has not examined half a
dozen cases during the past year? Is not that
court required by law to report at least once a
month to Congress, and yet have wc had from
them more than one report during this Congress?
Mr. MAYNARD. i would like to ask the
gentleman from Maine whether he knows any-
thing about the operations of this court except
what he may have seen in an article which ap-
peared in one of the city papers a few days since?
I would like to know of the gentleman whether
he has gone into the room of the Committee on
Private Claims, and has examined the reports of
the operations of this court, which may be found
there, not only in reference to the present session,
but during past years. Has the gentleman no-,
ticod how many old cases they have examined,
investigated, and exposed—claims that have been
hanging upon the Government, fastening like bar-
nacles upon itfor years, and m some coses for half
a century? I think if the gentleman will go into
the committee room of the Committee on Private
Claims, and examine the proceedings of that com-
mittee for the last two or three years, ho will get
the information he desires, and which I have no
doubt is important to be known.
I make this suggestion because I have had the
fortune, good or bad, to serve upon that commit-
tee up to the present Congress, and have had oc-
casion to know a good deal of the proceedings of
that court. I saw the newspaper article to which
I have alluded, and read it with a good deal of sur-
prise. I was strongly under the conviction that
it was written in a spirit of very great prejudice,
unintentional, no doubt; but great injustice has
been done to the parties named in that article.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I will say, in reply
to the inquiry of the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, that I have made no examination such
as he suggests, I have read the article to which he
alludes; and the main object I had in risingand in
bringing these considerations to the attention of
the House, was to clioit the information which has
been communicated, so that it might go forth to
the public. The articlc in question has been
copied into a number of newspapers throughout
the country. And when the appropriation con-
tained m this clause of the bill, proposed to appro-
priate some thirty thousand dollars for the main-
tenance of this court, is to be passed, it is certainly
desirable that the country should know that Con-
giess understands the matter, have given it some
consideration, and arc aware that the statements
made in the article in question are incorrect. The
main point I have sought to attain has been ac-
complishedalready, by the information which has
been elicited m the answers that have been given
to my inquiries. I therefore withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. DAILY. I move, under the head of " Ne-
braska Temtoi y," in line seven hundred and elev-
en, page 30, to amend by striking out "$4,000,"
and inserting, in place thereof, " $20,000." Tho
clause would then read:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, ofheers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses ot the Assembly, $20,000.
Mr. Chairman, in making provision for the
legislative expenses of the Territory of Nebraska,
it has been always customary to appropriate
§20,000 for that puipose. By what must have
been some mistake, the appropriation in this bill
for that purpose is only $4,000, evidently not
enough to pay the mileage of members, to say
nothing of their per diem and expenses.
Mr. COX. Could you notdispense with your
Legislature altogether ? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAILY. We have dispensed with it this
year, because wc have no appropriation for it.
We used all the appropriation to pay our taxes
with. The amendment I have proposed will raise
the appiopiiation only to the ordinary amount for
this purpose. It can do no harm in any event.
There can be no more used than the vouchers
cover. The expenses are regulated by law; and
if too much is appropriated, no more can be used
than they are entitled to by law, I repeat that it
