1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-mi
lias boon considered, and now receives the assent
of both the House and Senate Post Office Com-
mittees, and of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. To carry out the same idea,
I move to strike out, in the next section, from the
paragraph allowing subscribers to pay postage
quarterly, lines twelve and thiiteen,the words,
" more frequently than once a week," and insert
" at stated periods;" so that the clause shall read:
Upon regular weekly, tri-weekly, semi-weekly,aml daily
publications, and all other regular publications, issued from
a known office of publication at slated peiiods, and bent to
regular subscribers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move also, for the same pur-
pose, to stuke out the second clause, which is as
follows:
Second. Upon all newspapers and periodicals i«-sued from
a known office of publication loss licquently than once a
week, and sent to regular subscribers: Prowled, That this
clause shall cease to have any force or eft'ect after the 30th
day of June, 1864.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend section twen-
ty-nine, in line two, by striking out the word
" is," and inserting i{ shall be." The amendment
is merely verbal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. To section thirty I move three
verbal amendments. In lines two, four, and six
respectively, I move to strike out the word " em-
braces," and insert in lieu thereof the words
<{ shall embrace."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I am requested by the Depart-
ment to move an amendment at the end of section
thirty-three. At the end of the section add the
following:
lJTOvidcdf The Postmaster General may pi escribe by reg-
ulation a rate not cxccedmg twenty-five cents to be chained
and collected on lettcis marked " for s-pecial delivery and
when Ins icgulations in this re&pect are complied with, he
shall, at offices to be designated by him, cause the sameto
be immediately di-parched for delivery on arnval, whether
in the day oi nu ht, by special canieis.
This is the Prussian system, and only refers to
letteis which are marked " for special delivery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 move to amend section forty,
in line four, by sti iking out the word u without,"
and insert the word " with;" so that the section
shall read as follows:
*1nd be it fuitkcr ciiacted, That all letters directed to any
person not lound :it the olfice addressed may hr  forwarded
to any other olfice wlieie he may be found, with additional
postage tiieielur.
Mr. HUTCrilNS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I think the House does not
undetsfand it.
Mr. COLFAX. This section, as it came from
the Semite, provided that if a letter was sent to
me, for instance, at New York, and I had left or-
ders for the postmaster at New Yoik to send it
to me at South Bend, and then at South Bend had
ordered it to be sent to me at San Francisco, it
would follow me around the country without any
additional chatge. We think that when a letter
is properly directed, and when a person has de-
manded that it siviii be forwarded to him, he
should pay one additional postage for the letter
which follows him up. That is the object of the
amendment. Where a letter is missent it is for-
warded without additional charge; but where it is
properly directed and forwarded to another place
at tlie ipqnest of the person to whom it is sent,
the bill lequires him to nay three cents, i think
it is right.
Mr. Me,KNIGHT. I suggest that the gentle-
man had better put m the words 41 by request."
A letter may be chasing a person round without
his request, and when he does not want it.
Mr. COLFAX. I am afraid my friend will
make the bill too long.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the follow-
ingelau.se of section forty-ova—
lint all tsuch letteis, t-Iin.ll be deposited in the post office
at trie port of arrival (or mailing or delivery; and if for de-
livery within the United States shall be mted, it iinpud,
wall double iate* <_>( postage; and ii only one late &hati
have been piepaid by stamps, with one additional late; in
both cases covering the fee p.iid to the vessel. No tees
shall be allowed lbr'lettcrs collected by a earner on a mail
route—
by striking out the words "if unpaid," and the
words "and if only one rate shall have been pre-
paid by stamps with one additional rate; in both
cases covering," and inserting in lieu of the latter
words the words " which shall covcr."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend section for-
ty-four, on page 21, line eight, by inserting before
the word ''circular" the word "unsealed;" so
that circulars shall not be sealed up, if desired to
go in the mails at circular postage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. At the end of the same clause,
1 move to add the words " directed to one address;"
so that the clause shall read:
Unsealed ciiculars not exceeding three in number shall
pass at the single rate of two cents, and in that propoition
for a gieater nuinhei,adding one rate lor three circulars, or
less number thereof, directed to one addre&s.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I noW cull the attention of the
House to an important matter. At- the end of
section forty-five, page 22,1 move to add the fol-
lowing:
But the publishers of weekly newspapers may send to
each actual suhsci iber within the county where their papers
are piintcd and published one copy thereof free of postage.
In 1852 Congress adopted a provision author-
izing publishers to send papers free of postage to
any place in the county. The effect of this bill,
as it 'came from the Senate, would be to strike
that privilege down. The newspapers, as every-
body knows throughout the country, are now—
my friend behind me says " howling" [laughter]
— but they arc nearly all of them now published
at a loss in consequence of the increased charge
for paper, the internal tax, and the higher rate of
living. To take away fiom them this provision,
which has been granted to them and continued
by Congress for the last ten years, would have a
very injurious effect upon them. For that reason
the Committee on the Post Office directed me to
move the amendment.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate have
passed a bill of the following title, namely:
An act (No. 476) to authorize the issue of a
register to the steam vessel Blue Bonnet, formerly
a British colonial vosprt,and to change her name
from Blue Bonnet to Peconic; m which the con-
cunence of the House was iccjuested.
The message also announced that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendments of the House to its first,
sixth, n nth, and twentieth amendments, insist
upon its amendments disagieed to by the House,
and ask a confidence wuh the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the billof the
House (No* G59) to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government; and have ap-
pointed Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Sherman, and Mr.
Hicks the committee of confeience on the part of
the Senate.
POSTAL REFORM' AGAIN.
Mr. SARGENT. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana to say, in leply to the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield,] that the
franking privilege was not affected by this act.
Mi. COLFAX. 11 is not intended to be affected.
I did not draw the bill myself, butknow that that
was not the intention of its authors.
Mr. SARGENT. The requirement of the bill
is that ail matter shall be prepaid. Now, if that
applies to newspaper postages, it mustapply to all
matter sent, whether by members of Congress, the
Departments, or others. When this bill declares
that all matter shall be prepaid at a certain rate,
the true construction is that it applies as well to
what you and I send as to newspapers. There-
fore, I think the gentleman from Indiana is mis-
taken in declaung that the bill does not repeal the
franking privilege, or else he is in error in wish-
ing the amendment to prevail.
Mr. COLFAX. The fianking privilege stands
upon a provision of independent iaw. This bill
was reported by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. j
Collamer,] who,l b< lieve, is opposed totheab- i
ohtion of the franking privilege. I understand i
that the jnesent head of the Post Office Depart- ;
mcnt is not m favor of the entire abolition of the |
franking privilege, in which I had the misfortune j
to differ with him; but I know it was not the de-
sign of the Department or of the Post Office Com- '
mittee to abolish it in this bill. If it had been, I
should have so notified the House frankly-. ■
Mr. SARGENT. I am in favor of that amend-
ment. 1 tkink I am as much in favor as the gentle-
man from Indiana of abolishing the franking privi?
lege entirely. But I wish the House to understand
what it is voting upon; and as the gentleman from
Indiana states that it is his opinion and the opinion
of the Post Office Department that this biii does
not repeal the franking privilege, I wish to call
attention to section fifty-two, which says "that
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the '
provisions of this act are hereby repealed;" con-
sequently, whether the franking privilege exists
under an independent statute or not, it is repealed,
provided it conflicts with this act. Now, by turn-
ing to page 33, we find "that upon the following
mailable matter the postage must be prepaid at
the time-of mailing by stamps, unless otherwise
expressly provided in this act."
1. Upon ali domestic letters, whether passing through
the mails, or collected, or delivered by postal agents or
earners.
And subsequent provisions exclude public doc-
uments, seeds, &c.; and then again, on page 16,
section thirty-two provides—
That the rate of postage.on all domestic letters transmit-
ted in the mails ot the United States, and not exceeding one
half ounce in weight, shall he uniform at three cents; and
for each halfounceor fraction thereof of additional weight
there shall he charged an additional rate of three cents, to
be in all cases piepaid by postage stamps plainly affixed to
5>uch letter.
Now, sir, there is no provision in this bill ex-
cepting letters sent by members of Congress, or
from the Departments, or by any other persons.
Consequently these provisions must have full ef-
fect; and when you tepeal every law inconsistent
with them, you necessarily repeal the franking
privilege; it makes no difference when it was
passed, whether one year ago or ten years ago, it
is necessarify repealed by this section. G
Mr. S. C.'FEaSSENDEN. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana a question in regard to
the forty-second section. I did not hear his open-
ing remarks; but the eleventh line of that section
piovidt's that the registration of letters shall be
compulsory.
Mr. COLFAX. That has been stricken out in
the bill now before us. It is in the printed biii
reported by the Senate Committee on the Post
Olfice, but not m the bill as it passed the Senate.
I can only say to the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] what was the intention of the
Post Office Department and of the Post Office
Committee of the Senate, as I understand it from
consultation with memheis of both. The inten-
tion was not, by any indirection, to change the
law with respect to the franking privilege. The
law now in force requires postage of ten cents to
be paid upon all loiters sent to California,and yet
the gentleman sends letters there under his frank,
because there is an independent law conferring
the franking privilege upon certain persons, from
the President down.
But, sir, I am perfectly willing, in order that
there may be no doubt about the matter, to amend
the thirty-second section by inserting after the
words " on nil domestic lettei s" the words " sub-
ject to postage." That will cover the gentleman'a
point.
Mr. SARGENT, f would suggest the addition
of a proviso like this:
Provided, That nothing In this act shall be so construed
as to abolish or abridge the fianking privilege now provided
for !>y law.
I shall not press this amendment, provided the
proposition to be offeied by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] partially to abridge
the franking privilege, prevails; but if not, I think
we ought to remove all obscurity by some such
amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suggest to the
gentleman that he can move to add that proviso
at the end of the bill, in case the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
should not prevail.
Mr. SARGENT. That is my intention.
Mr. COLFAX, f wish to state that if there
is to be any test vote upon abolishing the frank-
ing piiviieae 1 shall of course vote to abolish it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope no such
test will be presented. We have had that subject
sufficiently discussed.
The amendment of Mr. Colfax was agreed-no
