1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
becausc it provides for offices not authorized by
the law.
Mr. WATTS. This depository has been es-
tablished in 'conformity with the law of Congress.
It is wanted to carry out the law. If necessary,
the Secretary of the Treasury would have recom-
mended it.
Mr. STEVENS. If that had been done, the
appropriation would have come regularly and
properly before us. But there is no recommend-
ation from the Secretary. We have no estimates
on the subject, and we ought to have them before
we pass upon this amendment. *
Mr. WATTS. There was a communication
made out at the last session of Congress, when a
proposition was made to abolish the officc of re-
ceiver of public moneys, and sent to the House, i
informing the House of the great necessity of the !
estimate; that the Secretary desired the continu- j
ance of the office, it having been established there ■
to meet the wants and necessities of the Treasury, i
Mr. STEVENS. If any such office were ue- j
cessary, it is singular that the Secretary has not ;
included it in his estimates; though I am willing '
to be liberal with these Territories.
Mr. WATTS. I do not ask of the chairman of
the Ways and Means liberality; all I ask is jus-
tice, and that what is necessary for the discharge
of the duties of that office should be done. 1 do
not ask, nor expect to ask at this time, liberality
from any one.
Mr. COX. Upon the point of order I would
like to say a word.
Mr. STEVENS. Permit me to say, what I
had not noticed befoie, that the words ''fifteen
thousand,''in hnesix hundred and eighty-seven,
is a mispnnt. The committee reported it$18,000.
Mr. WATTS. Then that is right, llad I
known that fact, I should not have made the
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that "018,000" be
substituted for " §15,000."
The amendment was made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. COX. I have one word to say upon the
point of order. The motion of the gentleman
from New Mexico comes within the rule, and
carries out the existing law upon the subject, j
The amendment docs not create a new office, but I
only facilitates the execution of the law estab- 1
hshmg that depository in New Mexico. I know
that it is absolutely indispensable that the depos-
itory should be theie,and that the surveyor needs
some assistance.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk wjII read the
120th rule.
The inle was read, as follows:
"No appioprmtion shrill be repoucd 111 pucIi general ap-
propriation bilK, or be ni ordei a^ an amendment thereto,
lor any e\pnn<Jitute not pievioiHv authorized by law, un-
less in continuation oi appi opt unions lorMieb public \\oik->
and objects as arc aheady in ptojjros-., unci lor the contin-
gencies forcatiying on the seveial departments of the Gov-
ernment."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides under
that rule that the point of order is not well taken.
The question incurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Watts.
Mr.SiLEVENS. 1 thought tluit when weagreal
to ma Up®* $3 5,000 " read " $18,U00," the gentle-
man from Now Mexico was satisfied.
Mr. WATTS. The Covei nment has gone to
an expense of $:>,000 in making a safe depository
theie, and it does the business of over a million
dollars a vear.
. Mr. STEVENS. It is most remarkable tiuU
we have no communication from the Secretary of
theTreasury mfoimmg usthatthisis necessary. 1
still think we had better get a communication from
the Department, and let thismattei be attended io
in the fen nate. This certainly is an nregular mode
of making an increase.
Mr. WATTS. 1 am willing, if the House will
pass this appropriation, and it, is not approved m
the Senate, and does not meet the entire approba-
tion of the Secretary, and, indeed, is not urged by
him, to pledge myself to have it stricken out in
the Senate.
Mr. bTEVENS. I think we had better not
put it in.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. J move to amend
by adding to tilt clause on page 34, "foi compensa-
tionof thirty-thrcccommis3ioncrs,at £3,000cach,
and eleven cleiks at £1,200 each, §112,200," the
following proviso:
Provided, A sufficient sum shall be colloctcd in the insur-
icctionaiy States to pay said salaries Jindprovided further,
Tnat no greater sum shall at anytime be paid to *aid com-
mlssioneis. <<i to any oi' them, than shall have been col-
lected fiora the taxes in the msuneruonary States,and
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The committee will observe, by looking at the
lines I have read, that to the commissioners of
direct taxes in insurrectionary States $99,000 is
to be paid by way of compensation, and to eleven
clerks is to be paid the additional sum of $1,200
each. Now, sir, those who propose to vote this
appiopriation are no doubtseiious,and have good
ground for believing that tax^sto a large amount
are to be collected within the period covered by
this appropriation, and therefore I suppose they
will have no objection to spur the industry of
those gentlemen who are to enforce these taxes
by making their salaries payable out of the first
moneys they collect on this execution which the
Government is to send out against these rebel sub-
jects. I greatly fear that unless the salaries are
made payable out of the money so collected, that
money will be expended with a view to enforce
our right to shear, while the fleece will be hardly
worth the cutting.
Mr. STEVENS. We have passed a law au-
thoiizmg the appoiritmen#of these officers, and it
is the duty of the President to appointthom. Now
the only question is whether it is their duty to work
for nothing or upon a contingency, or whether
they shall be paid for their services. Wo have
this legislation in reference to the collection of
taxes in the insurrectionaiy districts, and we have
fixed the amount of the salary of each officer. It
has become a law, and the President will deem it
his duty, m the execution of that law, to make
these appointments. Now, after we have passed
u law definitively fixing the salary, it seems to me
theie is nothing left for the Committee of Ways
and Means hut to recommend the appropriation.
It would not have been competent for us, as a
committee, and it is not competent for the House,
in a bill of this kind, to change the amount of that
salary. You may repeal the ia\v, but I cannot see
with what propriety we can be expected to put
this limitation upon it, or how the House can ex-
pect to have these men, appointed according to an
imperative command of law, to go theie and de-
pend for their remuneration upon a contingency,
when that remuneration was expressly fixed by
law.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not offer
my amendment with a view ot all to suggestany
criticism upon the Committee of Ways and Means
for including in their bill an appropriation like
this. I only meant to suggest that it is erroneous
for this House to make absolutely an appropria-
tion of the entire salary of thirty-three commis- ;
sioners, to be paid within the fiscal year immc- j
diatelv ensuing tins. And I think, if an argument j
were "necessary to show the propriety of this i
amendment, it would be found in the section to |
which the gentleman has referred and the section !
following that, to which I beg leave to call the j
attention of the committee: j
| "Are .Qnd he it ftn I her rrttn fed, That the Pi eslderit of ,
the I'nitid States b\ and with tli * advice and consent of !
■ the Si nate, may appoint a boatd of three tax commission- j
! I - lot ' arl! ol : aid State:- in wliKb <-ueh inMWiection ox- j
I i -ts, w uh a -alai \ of each per annum, to «jive seen- j
: i:t\ m iheMini oi each.in-uch f'oiin a5! the S"eietaiy |
I or ilie Tiea^mj Mia!! diieef. u> heappioved, &,e.. Piovidcd, 1
i That c-aid commi-sionei , <-tial! not iceeive pay under tint .
; pro\ oi tin - aei until the) shall have enteicd upon the :
! dir-cbame ol tin 11 duties. 1
'• S--c . (5 ..Ind he it fmther cnartcd, That Ihe paid boa^d of )
! t;<\ eoi.iuti —ionei> ^hall entei upon the discharge of the du- j
! 11(- oi tip-ir omee- w henevei the commanding gencial of |
1 tin- futf ( «. oi the 1 'mted Stiito, enti miir into an\ :-uch in i
' Miiierunnmy S'are oi i!Mitet, Miall have established the \
| nnlitan autbouty ofthe United State* throughout any par- |
| j-li, or'di-trxet. oi count) of the j-an.e, and they shall open j
: one oi more ollicc-. foi the nan-action of bu.-mefeb " j
; I think the chairman of the Committee of Ways j
! and Means will a^ree with me in saying that these :
! sections e!eaily imply that these officers may be j
appointed—not altogether, but one, or two, or ;
■ three, oi any other number—fi om time to lime, as
, the opportunity shall present itself for enforcing ,
: licit; and theie, in spots and places, this statute, j
i JJiit does n follow at all that under this license, i
i which says thai the Piesident may appoint these !
| officers as they shall be necessaty, they are all ;
! three to be appointed, not only withm the fiscal |
i year, but at the outset of the year, and that this '
entire amount of money is to be paid to them .ab-
solutely, hit or miss ? And again: does it follow
that the time has com*1, fairly within any inter-
pretation of that act, when wc should bestow the
salary*,*!!! less the time has also arrived when tl^ere
is a probability of making tax collections su$i-
cientiy great to induce them to assume those du-
ties, depending on that event for their salaiies.?
Now, it seems to me that one of two things m,us*
be true. This proceeding is either premature,
and this appropriation is to be made, virtually to
be thrown away, in whole or in part, or else the
time has come when the Government and those
commissioners may safely depend upon their be-
ing able to collcct taxes under the law. If the
latter contingency has arrived—in other words, if
the time has come when it is suitable to set this
machine in motion—then certainly these commis-
sioners are safe, beyond any reasonable perad-
venture, as to the payment of their salaries.
Now, I do not object at all to this item being
embraced in the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I am not prepared to
say that the Committee of Ways and Means
should have refused to put it there; but I do .say
that it urges itself on the regard of this com-
mittee with great force, whether $112,000 is to be
voted away on what seems to me to be a very
slender pretext, if that is not an offensive word,
i think that the whole thing should be slacken
out, or else that the appropriation should be made
dependent on these men making the amount of
their salaries in the duties which they go to ex-
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, if this ob-
jection had come from gentlemen on the other side
of the House 
Mr.WICKLIFEE. Itwould clearly have don?
no good. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. And will do none
now.
Mr. STEVENS. It would then very clearly
have done no good, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky properly anticipates; for nothing coming
from that side of the House does any good. :But
if it had come from those sympathizers with the
Union, [laughter,] I should not have been very
much astonished. We provided last year for what
I supposed would be a very excellent mode of
getting at the fee simple ot some property belong-
ing to rebels which, according to the mixed ideas,
not of the President, but of some others, applying
the Constitution partially and rejecting it other-
wise, could not be gotatotherwise. Now, I sup-
posed that those notorious rebels who were in the
army of the enemy, and who refused to pay the
proper tax, could be got at by our assessing a
direct tax; and Congress passed a law authoriz-
ing the assessment of this direct tax in States
which themselves had by their State organization
refused to assess it. But, in order to do that, it
was necessary that commissioners should bo ap-
pointed, not under the control of those States, but
under the control of the General Government; and
we made it the duty of the President to appoint
them whenever, in his judgment, a ccrtain state
of things existed; but they were not to be paid
until they entered on the duties of the office. They
were compelled to enter on the duties of the office
whenever our armies had established themselves
m any poilion of the rebellious district where
taxes could be levied. Now, it seems to me that
that is pretty definite. They are not to be paid till
I they enter on the duties of the office; and they are
! to do so by an imperative command of the law
| whenever our Army has taken possession of re-
I bellious soil.
j Now, to say that men thus appointed, thus go-
I ing into uncomfortable neighborhoods, thus run-
! rung the risk of having their lives taken from them
[ in the dischaige of an obnoxious duty, shall be
! made to depend for their salaries on the amount
I which they are able to recover, seems to me to be
I unreasonable, and somewhat amazing when com-
■ mc from those who desire to overthrow the rebel-
! lion, and to cast a portion of the burden on those
; who have created thisexpense. lean hardly think
I that it would be just in any case. They are to
! decide where they shall lay the tax, and where
; they shall sell. I suspect there would not be much
i sciuple in selling enough of somebody's property
i to pay theirsalary; and their judgment would not
j be left quite as free to do impartial justice as if
I tliey were to have their salary whether they decided
