1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
5^r. COLFAX. In section fortjr-six, line
twenty, I move to ^rikoout the following words:
4< until the 1st day of July, 1864."
Mr. WRIGHT. Since that last amendment
has been adopted, there should be an additional
amendment adopted to the forty-fifth section. As
it now stands, there is to be an annual postage of
twenty cents charged upon any newspaper pub-
lished in any county, if delivered in the county.
Now, as 1 understand the amendment adopted,
you propose to exempt from postage newspapers
delivered through the mails within the counties.
It seems to me that this forty-fifth section ought
be stricken out, in order to conform to the amend-
ment already adopted.
Mr. COLFAX. The amendment adopted of
course qualifies this section in regard to papers
circulating in the counties where published.
Mr. WRIGHT. Does not the section provide
that there shall be a rate of five cents per quarter
•uponany newspaper thatgoes through the United
States mails? That ought to be stricken out.
Mr. COLFAX. The proviso just added is in
the same section referred to by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and of course qualifies to that ex-
tent the whole. Let me add on the pending ques-
tion: under the present law the rate of postage on
a weekly paper circulated in the State where pub-
lished is three and a quarter cents per quarter; and
if sent outside of the State, six and a half cents a
quarter. These are rates that no man can pay ex-
actly. There is no change in which you can pay
them, and in order to remove this difficulty they
have taken the average of the two and made the
postage five cents per quarter. I now ask for a
vote on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I now move to strike out all
after the woid "received" in line twenty of the
same section, as follows: "but on and after the
iir^tday of July, these rates shall in all cases
be^prepaid by stamps at the time of mailing,"and
to insert after the words, "news dealers may pay
the postage on their packages as received," the
words "at the same rates uro rata as yearly or
semi-annual subscribers, who pay postage quar-
terly in advance." That is only to carry out the
idea in the preceding section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. Now, Mr. Speaker, having
perfected the bill, with the exception of the earlier
sections to which I drew the attention of the com-
mittee, I will state that, in sections from the third
up to the twelfth inclusive, there is embodied a
change in the present system of compensating
postmasters, i said I would reserve that point to
the last.
Postmasters are now paid a commission upon
the business of their offices, except when this ex-
ceeds $4,000 per year. This, of course, creates a
great deal ofcoinphcation in their accounts, which
has attracted the attention ot the Department and
induced them to ask Congress to change this sys-
tem of compensation by commissions to one of
compensation by salaries, the salaries to be grad-
uated upon the average receipts of an office for
the last four years. There is one exception made
in this amendment, and that is that the Postmas-
ter General shall not be confined so strictly to this
average in the case of newly established offices.
That is in section nine; but in any such case no
more than fifty per cent, of the gioss revenue is
to be allowed to the postmasters.
I can appreciate the moth cm which have actu-
ated the Department in the deshe to change the
system of commissions to one of salaries, but 1
have not been able to concur with the Department
and with a majority of my colleagues on the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
the House on this question. I think that the pres-
ent system, although it may cause some trouble
and annoyance, is really the best system. I think
your postmasters will be far more faithful and
more desirous to gather together these little drib-
lets out of which the revenue of the Post Office
Deptutmcnt is created, if yon make them feci that
their pay will be proportionate to the icceipts of
their office. You thereby encouia^c postmasteis
to undergo even the labonous task of writing letters
for poor persons in their vicinity who are notable
to write themselves, because they feel that half to
two thirds of the postal revenue collected m their
offices go into their own pocke's. This leads them
also to encourage the circulation of newspapers,
get up clubs, &c. They feel more dependent on
the people for whom they are to act; and I have
feared that if this system be changed into a salary
system, the postmaster will be less active in the
discharge of his duties. He will feel that his
salary will be the same for the next two or three
years, without regard to the greater or less re-
ceipts of his office. I think the change of system
would tend to decrease the postal revenue. But
the Department differs from me on this subject.
It has been ably represented before the Post Office
Committee, and the committee after hearing argu-
ments decided that it would recommend the adop-
tion of this plan, I, therefore, on behalf of the
committee and as its organ have to ask a concur-
rence in this change; though if any motion were
made to strike out the section i would vote for it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. For tiie purpose of test-
ing the sense of the House on this subject, I move
to strike out the third section. My objection to
the bill in this form is that it creates a new insti-
tution, a kind of supplemental Congress, and puts
the whole power of legislation on the subject of
the Postal Department in the hands of the Post-
master General. I have no doubt that it would be
in very good hands, and that legislation would,
perhaps, be better done by him than by Congress.
But the power to legislate is in Congress, and I
do not believe we have authority or that it would
be good policy for us to delegate it to any Depart-
ment of the Government.
I entirely agree with the chaiiman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, that it
would be more for the interest of Government to
permit these officers to receive their pay by way
of commission than to fix regular salaries. The
person who fixes these salaries will be constantly
subjected to pressure on that account; and I as-
sure you that the office of the Postmaster General
would become a thankless office. He would be
besieged by all the postmasters of the country ask-
ing him to increase theii salaries, or to do some act
which would give them more compensation. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out from the third to the twelfth
section inclusive.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I accept the amendment.
The amendment is to strike out the following
sections: «
Si-'C. 3. And be itfmthcr enacted, That the annual com-
pensation ot postma^tet^ shall be divided into five clashes:
of ihe fir.--t clas-s shall iecei\e not mote than
$-1,000 nor lesMlian #^000; postmasters of the second class
shall leceivele^ than and not le<-s than $3,000 ; poet-
in.tsteis of the ihiid chUs snail leeeivc less th.m $"i,000 and
not I'-s than ; po^tum-iei^ of the fouith c!a« «hall
teeeiw le-^ than .<'1,000 and no! I<"-s than $100; postmas-
ter- oi the (inh clas-« shall receive less lhan §101); and Ihe
compensation of postmaster ot the several chases more-
said shall he established by the Po-dnu^tci Gencial under
the mien heremaiter ptovided.
Skc. 4. And be it pother enacted. That whenever the
oompi'iwition of postmasters ot* tin* several offices lor the
tout consecutive yeats next pieecdtng the 1st day of July,
1803, shall have amounted to an aveiage annual sum not
b-s.-. than ;~:j,00i). Mich ofi'n es -.hall be a-pigm-d to the first
elas-'; whcnevei if shall have amounted lo le*- than £3,OUO,
but not lcs-  than $2,000, such olhee^ shall be assigned to
the second cla-s; whenevei It shall have amounted" to less
than $-.2,000. but not h'-s than $1,000, moll ollices shall bo
assigned to tin- third cla.-s ; whenever it shall have amounted
to $1,000, and nut less than $100, such oJliecs shall he as-
signed to the Intnth cla--; and whenever ir shall have
amounted to le^s than .^'100, such offices shall be aligned
to (he tilth elas-.
yuc. f . And he, it fuitker cnaeted. That to offices of the
fust, sucond, and thud ela--e>, *hail be severally assumed
salaries tn even bundled:- of dollars as neariy as piacttea-
bte in amount the same a-, but not exceeding the aveiage
( ouipen.-ation ol the postma--teis then of lot the ioui yems
next pieecding; and u> the aihees of the lorn lb elas* ^hall
be a>.-ign<'d severally salaries, in even tens of dollars, a$
neai !y as pracucablK in amount the sam:' tis but not exceed-
ing rucli aver.i2eeoinpens.aion tot the loin years next pre
ceding; and to olhecs ol the tilth elass shall be seveiaiiy
assigned salanos, in even dollais, as ne'tth as practicable
in amount the same as but not cvcediug such average
compensation fm the ihur years next ptecedmg.
Si:c. (>. And he i fin Ike t enacted, That wherevei returns
s-hovv mgthe average of annual compensation ot postmasters
(m the tout yeais next preceding the In day ot July, 1SG3,
-hall not have !>' cu iceeived at the Post Office Department
at the tune of adjustment, the same may he estimated by
the I'ostmastei General for the pmpose of adjusting thesal
uiie«. of postmaMoi, herein pi<u u!.*d io,
• Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
Genetal ha-; the discietton lo icview once tn two veais, but
not oftoner, and i< adjust on the basis in the preceding 
sections of this codc'piovuled, the salaiy assigned by inm
to any office ; hut any change made in such saiaiy shall not
take effect until tht first day of the quaiter next following
such older ; and ail ciders made aligning or changing sal-
aries shall bti made tn writing, and rccoided in his journal,
and notified to the Auditor lor the Post Office Depaitment.
SEC.8.^iAnd heit further enacted, That the salaries of the
first, second, and third classes shall be adjusted to take
effect on the 1st day of Julv, 1883, and of the lourth and
fifth classes at the sani" tunc, or at the enumencemeut of
a quaiter as early as practicable thereafter.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That in offices which
have not been established for four years prior to the 1st day
of July, 18t)37 the salary may he adjusted upon a satisfac-
tory return by the postmastei of the receipts, expendituies,
and business ot his office : iJ?m-i</e</,That fifty per cent.of
the gioss revenue of such office shall be in all cases the
largest amount allowed to such posttnasteis tor then sal-
aries, respectively, except in cases when it shall be a scp
aiating or distributing office, <x-> piovidud foi in section —
of this law.
Sec. 10. And beitfurther enacted, That at offices "of the
first and second classes the Postmaster General shall allow
to the postmaster a just and reasonable sum for the neces-
sary cost, in whole or in part, of rent, fuel, light--, ami
clerks, to be adjusted on a satisfactory exhibit of the facts ;
at offices of the tnud, fouith, and fifth classes, such ex-
penses shall be paid by the postmaster, except a=s in the
next following section piovided—it being intended that
such allowances shall be made in accordance with exist-
ing usages.
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General may designate ceitain convenient offices at the in-
tersection of mail routes as distributing offices, and certain
others as separating offices; and whete any such office is
of the third, fouith, or fifth class of post offices, he may
make aieasonable allowance to such postmaster for the
necessary eo&t, in whole oi in pait, of clerical scivice aris-
ing fi om such duty.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all postages and
box-rent* at post offices, and all other receipts and emol-
uments at a post office, shall be received and accounted for
as a part of the postal revenue; and any part thereof which
the postmaster ought to have collected, but has neglected
to collect, shall be charged against him in his account, and
he shall be liable therefor in the same manner a-j if the
same had been collected, and ho shall icceive no fees or
perquisites beyond his salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY, i offer an amendment defining
the persons who arc to be authorized to frank
mail matter. It is unnecessary for me to say any-
thing after the explanation given by the chairman
of tlie Post Office Committee. I am opposed to
the franking privilege entirely, and in favor of its
complete abolition. 1 offer this amendment at the
request of the Department and in accordance with
the sense of the committee. I think it, on the
whole, an improvement on the present law, but 1
do not concur entirely in all its provisions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That at all offices where the carrying system
shall not bo established the rate on drop letters bliall be one
cent.
Mr. Speaker, this bill provides-that the Post-
master General may establish a free carrying sys-
tem in cities, the carriers to rcceive salaries not
exceeding $800 per annum; these salaiies to be
made up from the receipts on drop letters, the
postage on which is to be doubled. I do not think
it equitable or just to double the postage on drop
letteis in country towns, where the carrying sys-
tem is not established, for the benefit of the large
cities where it is established.
Mr. COLFAX. The House seems to under-
stand that the gentleman from Minnesota has re-
ported this amendment from the Post Office Com-
mittee. That is not the case. The committee is
in favor of the bill with their amendments as it
stands. If this amendment bo adopted, the free
delivery system will either have to be abolished
oi the expense of it thrown upon the Treasury.
Dad as the annoyance has been m past years of
collecting one cent on letters from poor persons in
citics, that annoyance has become almost intol-
erable since coin has passed out of circulation.
It is difficult to get the copper or nickel coin to
nay this one cent. There is no objection in the
iaige cities to pay double rates on drop letters.
The delivery is then to be free, of all mail letters,
under regulations of the Department, in cities and
elsewhere.
Mr. WINDOM. I did not desire to be under-
stood as offering my amendment by instruction of
the Post Office Committee. The gentleman from
Indiana says we must either retain the delivery
system as it is, or else, if the delivery is to be free,
the expense of it is to fall on the Treasury. I do
not so undei stand it. The bill provides that the
carriers are to be paid out of the fund arising from
the increased postage on drop letters. This free
delivery system maybe very advantageous in the
