214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
one way orthe other. I cannot, therefore, see the
least propriety, consistently with the fair support
of the Government, in entertaining the motion for
a single moment. But I think it is time to adjourn
now, and I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Holman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration; and particularly the legisla-
tive,executive,and judicial appropriation bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
_ And thereupon* (at four o'clock, p. m.,) on mo-
tion of Mr. CRAVENS, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 7,1863.
Pf&yerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. SdnDehland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 22d of December, information in relation
to the accident on board the steam battery Pas-
saic; which was ordered to He on the table, and
be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING. I present the memorial of Captain
Francis B. Ellison, United States Navy, remon-
strating against the action of the advisory naval
board, and asking that his memorial be referred
to a committee, with power to send for persons
and papers. 1 suppose the Committee on Naval
Affairs would be the appropriate committee, and
I move its reference to that committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWE presented additional papers in re-
lation to the petition of Phebe Ann Fislc for an
extension of u patent; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORRILL presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of William S. Grant; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York,
praying for the enlargement of the Erie and Os-
wego canals; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to present a memorial,
which I do as a question of public duty that I owe
to any man who desires to present a petition re-
spectful in its terms to the Senate. The gentle-
man I became acquainted with yesterday. I have
nothing to say on the merits of his proposition,
because I have not given to it sufficient consider-
ation. Senators have no doubt seen his name in
tho papers, and I will state the object of the me-
morial. It is the memorial of William Cornell
Jewett, of Colorado, who states:
<s It being conccdcd both here and in Europe—the war is
for independence—on the part of die South—and lioi'dom
of the fclave—on the part of the North—the sentiment of the
people both Noith and South divided upon said positions
—prays—said points with general differences be submitted
for arbitration to Switzerland and other Powers—as l'avoicd
by Hon. Horace Gieeley—commissioners from the Ninth
and South—may select—under a suspension of hostilities
and slave proclamation policy—result subject to the ratifi-
cation of tho American people—thus the friendly invitation
of Napoleon for calm deliberation heeded—resulting in
peace and an international court of appeal for tho settlement
of the differences of nations."
I move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I have no opin-
ions to express upon the policy involved in it,
except to say that it is my earnest desire that
peace should take the place of war with reference
to the state of affairs in our country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the Committeeon Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions he discharged
from tho further consideration of the petition of Fiances
II. Plummer, widow of Joseph B. Plummer, praying for an
additional pension, and that she have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
PRINTING OF PAPERS.
Mr. SUMNER. Some days ago I reported,
from the Committee oq, Foreign Relations, a bill
for the relief of the owners of the Swedish bark
Admiral P. Tordenskiold, and with it some papers
sent to the committee from the Department ofState.
Since then I have received some further papers
from the Department of State relating to the same
matter; and I now offer them as supplementary to
the first, and move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made a report some days
since, from the Committee on Printing, in favor of
printing the memorial of the corporation of the
city of Washington relative to the construction of
certain railroads. It was objected to by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire; but I believehe-is now
willing to withdraw his objection.
Mr. HALE.' Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up that
report.
The motion was agreed to; and the report was
concurred in.
TERMS OF CIRCUIT COURTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 608) prescribing the times and places for hold-
ing terms of the circuit court for the districts of
[owa, Minnesota, and Kansas, have instructed
me to report it back with two amendments. As
the bill relates to the terms of the courts and the
amendments are but slight, I ask the considera-
tion of the bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think we had better go
through the regular business of the morning hour.
Yesterday morning was occupied with other mat-
ters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is a bill fixing the
time of holding the courts, and as the members
interested agreed upon it, I supposed there would
be no objection to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The first section
provides that terms of the circuit court for the dis-
trict of Iowa shall beheld at Des Moines,on the
first Tuesday ill May and November; for the dis-
trict of Minnesota, at St. Paul, on tbethiidMon-
day of June, and at Winona on the third Mon-
day of October; and for the district of Kansas,
at the places prescribed by law for holding terms
of the district court therein, on the fourth Mon-
day of May and November.
The second section prescribes that all writs,
process, and other proceedings relative to any
cause, civil or criminal, pending in or returnable
to tho circuit for the districts of Iowa, Minnesota,
and Kansas, at terms heretofore prescribed by law,
shall be continued, tiansfeired,nnd returnable to
the circuit court for those districts, respectively,
at the terms first to be held under the provisions
of the act.
The first amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was in the eighth line of the first sec-
tion to strike out the words, "at Winona on the
third Monday," so as to make the clause read,
" for thedistrict of Minnesota, at St, Paul, on the
third Monday of June and October."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee recom-
mend the striking out of one of the places for
holding tho court in, Minnesota, being of opinion
that it is injudicious and improper to multiply the
places for holding United States courts. To do
so increases the expenses very much.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
word " places" in the tenth line of the first sec-
tion, and insert*4 place," so as to make the clause
read, "and for the district of Kansas, at the place
prescribed bylaw for holding terms of the district
court.??
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred m, and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
REPORTS VKOU COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee r>n the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition of
Charles Fosdick Fletcher, of the District of Co-
lumbia, praying that a charter may be granted to
himself, associates, and their assigns, under the
name and style of the Union Cotton Supply Com-
pany of the District of Columbia, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the ^ame committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of citizens of Mary-
land praying for the immediate and unconditional
repeal of the law abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that the fugitive slave law
maybe more fully enforced in the District of Co-
lumbia, reported them back with a recommenda-
tion that the prayer of the petitioners ought not
to be granted.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 436)
requiring the President to appoint commissioners
to adjust, settle, and liquidate claims, accounts,
and debts between the United States and any State
during the present rebellion, reported it without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committeeon Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred a message of the President ot
the United States, placing at the disposal of Con-
gress the swords of General David E. Twiggs,
captured by General Benjamin F. Butler in New
Orleans, reported a joint resolution (S. No. 116)
making disposition of three swords, formerly the
property of David E. Twiggs, late brevet brig-
adier general in the Army of the United States;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia,to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 448) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota, or his authorized agent, the
costs, charges, and expenses incurred in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities within that State and upon
its borders in the year 1862; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. NESM1TH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 430) to provide for the pro-
tection of overland emigrants to the States and
Territories of the Pacific, reported it without
amendment.
BOUNTY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr.WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Iam directed
by the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
432) in relation to the bounty to volunteers in cer-
tain cases, to report it back with an amendment.
The bill is a very brief one, and, if there be no
objection, I should like to have it considered now.
'Mr. IIALE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it goes upon the Calendar.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdraw his objection. This is
a bill that I explained to the Senate the other day,
and to which there was no earthly objection ex-
cept that it was necessary that it should go through
the formalities. It is to cover the case of a regi-
ment in the field which has received no pay and
no bounty—the only one, I think, in the United
States.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the objection.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee*of the Whole proceeded to consider the
bill , which directs that all volunteers raised or re-
cruited for the period of three years or during the
war by the order or under the authority of the
Secretary of War, who may be of the age of forty-
five years, shall be entitled to the same bounty,
under the same restrictions, as is now allowed by
law to the volunteers raised and furnished by the
States under existing laws.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with an amendment, to
insert after the word " bounty'* the words " pay
and emoluments."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed. The title
was amended so as to read: <(A bill in relation to
the bounty, pay, and emoluments to volunteer
soldiers in certain cases."
CORRESPONDENCE WITH REBELS.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
i?" t0 prevent correspondence with rebels;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a brief expla-
