THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGE.ESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1863.
New Series No. 73.
cities, but perhaps it would not be quite so great
a convenience in country places, while certainly
the doubling of the postage on drop letters would
be a hardship there. Let the postage on drop let-
ters be doubled in the cities, where they are to have
the free delivery system, but where that system
is not established let the postage on drop letters
remain asat present. Theonly argumentin favor
of the proposition is that of uniformity; but I be-
lieve that my constituents who do not reside in
cities large enough to have the canying system
are not so anxious for uniformity as to be willing
to have postage doubled simply for uniformity.
Hence I offer my amendment.
I know it has been said to me that this is a
small matter, that the drop-letter postage does not
amount to much. But in the estimation of the
committee it seems they expect to provide from
the country revenue sufficient to defray the ex-
pense of carrying letters m Che cities. If so, a large
revenue in the aggregate must be expected to be
derived from the small towns and villages which
do not enjoy the benefit of the carrier system.
Now, sir, I think the House wiit see that the
amendment I have submitted is just. It is right
that those who receive the benefit of the carrier
system should be compelled to pay the expense
of the system. I hope, therefore, the amendment
- will be adopted.
Mr. BIDDLE. If I understand the drop-letter
system as. it is administered in the cities of which
I am one of the Representatives on this floor, the
collection of one cent by the carrier from the re-
cipient of the letter is no part of the system. I
believe no drop letter is delivered at all unless a
stamp is on it at the time it is placed in the post
office. I do not know whether it is a part of the
law, or a regulation of the Post Office Department
without law, but it occurs to me that the practice
of which the gentleman from Minnesota com-
plains as an evil, is rather a benefit than other-
wise. It occut s to me that I should prefer a sys-
tem that would permit this one cent to be collected
by tire carrier of the recipient of the letter.
Mr. COLFAX. I think my friend from Penn-
sylvania misunderstands the proposition which
this hill makes. It is that two penny stamps shall
be placed on the letter at the time it is deposited
in the post office, which covers both the postage
and the charge for delivery. Out of these receipts
the entire carrier system is to be paid, both mail
and drop letters being delivered without any col-
lection from the recipient. The difference, I re-
peat, is just this: by this bill two cents are paid
m advance on drop letters, and three cents on all
mail letters, and the letter i3 delivered to its ad-
dress, whether in the city or at the other side of
the continent, without further cost; while under
the present system one cent is prepaid on the let-
ter; the carrier then takes the letter, if a mail let-
ter, to the house to which it is directed, rings the
bell, and when the servant comes to the door asks
for the one cent due for delivery, and waits while
the recipient of the letter hunts all over the house
after the one cent, and if it can be found, returns
it to the door by the servant. If this proposition
shall be adopted the carrier will deliver the letter
without loss of time, and by that means alone will
be able to double the number of deliveries per day.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, who lives in
the city of Philadelphia, has seen this practice of
waiting at the door, and I think he will concur with
me that it is very desirable to correct that practice.
Mr. BIDDLE. That is a feature which I have
not seen. I was under the impression that unless
the one cent stamp was on the letter it would not
he delivered. I did not know that the carrier was
authorized to collect it.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me. I said the one cent stamp must be
placed on the letter when deposited in the post
office.
M r. BIDDLE. Certainly. The carrier is not
allowed to collect it at all.
Mr. COLFAX. He is not; but he does collect
the one cent allowed for delivery.
The amendment was adopted.
73
The following section being under considera-
tion—
Sec. 33 be it further enacted, That the rate of post-
age on all letters not transmitted thiough the mail* of the
United States, but delivered through the post oflice, or its
carriers, commonly described a* local or drop letter*, and
not exceeding one half ounce in weight, shall be uniform
at two cents, and an additional rate for each half ounce or
fraction thereof of additional weight, to be in all cases pre-
paid by postage stamps affixed to the envelope of sue)] let-
ter; but no extra postage or carrier's fee shall hereafter be
charged oi collected upon letteisdelivered by carriers, nor
upon letters collected by them for mailing or foi delivery.
Mr. WINDOM moved to amend by striking
out the word "uniform" m the fifth line, to con-
form to his previous amendment, adopted by the
House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, submitted an amend-
ment to come in at the end of the bill, embody-
ing in substance the bill heretofore passed by the
House, creatine: a postal money order system.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I want to make a sugges-
tion to my colleague upon that subject. 1 sup-
pose this amendment is in substance the money
order system which has been twice printed by
the House as a separate bill, which has certainly
once been passed by the House, and with which
the House is doubtless familiar. I suggest, there-
fore, as it is very long, that Us reading be dispensed
with.
Mr. BLAKE. It is substantially the same bill
which has twice passed the House, it is a more
perfect bill, however, and contains some additional
details. 1 do not can' about its being read.
Mr. SARGENT. It seems to mo it is a rather
cool proposition to ask us to adoptan amendment
that we have not heard read.
Mr. COLFAX. It has been twice read to the
House, twice printed by the House, and twice
adopted by the House.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman says it is
changed in some of its details, but is substantially
the same. I think we should be permuted to
judge of that.
The SPEAKER. It is the right of the gentle-
man to have the amendment read it he insists
upon it.
Mr. SARGENT. I do.
The Clerk read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADSWORTH moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. COX moved to amend by striking out all
after the enacting clause of the first section, as
follows:
That the Postmaster General has power to appoint and
commission all postmasters whoso hnlatv oi compensation
for the preceding fiscal year fhall at the lime ot such ap-
pointment have been asceitaincd to he le«* than one thou-
sand dollar.-- per vent ; and in all other eases the President
shall appoint. The person appointed postmaster shall re-
side within the delivery of the office to winch he shall be
appointed.
And to insert instead thereof, as follows:
That the legal voters of each city, town, village, oi vicin-
age, who receive mail matter at the post office of such lo-
cality, be authoiized, under such regulations as may be
piovided by the State or Territotial .Legislatures, to elect
who shall be their choice forpo<tma->ter j and that upon the
proper authentication of such choice by the proper officers,
the postma<4ei< so chosen bliall be appointed and connnb-
Montd by the President of the United Slates.
Mr. COX. I do not offer this amendment as
the organ of the Administration or of the Post
Office Department; butl have no doubt they would
be very glad to get rid of the immense trouble and
anxiety of appointing this great army of postmas-
ters. And I think it is a very good time, as we are
abouthalf way through an Administration, to try
i: the experiment. I think it is a very fair compro-
ij mise between the two parties. Your party hav-
\\ ing the present Administration, and ours expcct-
I' ing to have the next, now is a good time to confer
i; upon the people the right to choose their post-
|! masteis. I have great confidence in the people,
jj and I have no doubt they will exc-cise this power
11 much more wisely than the Administration here
H at Washington.
I want a vote on my amendment, and aa my'
friend here from Kentucky on my right promised
me the benefit of his eloquence in support of thi'S
proposition, I hope he will now be heard.
Mr. COLFAX. The proposition of my friend
from Ohio was a plank in the Buffalo platform the
theory of which 1 have always favored, and which
I am glad he is also indorsing. I am in favor ot
the principle of the amendment. There is but
one difficulty in the way, which is that the best
jurists have dccidcd that it is unconstitutional,
'if my friend can perfect any scheme that will ob-
viate that difficulty, f will go with him.
Mr. COX. I do not see that it is unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. COLFAX. That is the only objection.
So far as the principle is concerned, l see no rea-
son why the people may not elect their postmas-
ters as well as their sheriffs, or any other admin-
istrative officers. But, sir, the Constitution seems
to be conclusive on that subject. It says:
But the Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers in the President alone, in the courts
of law, or in the heads of Departments."
Now, any one who will look at the debates of
the Convention which formed the Constitution,
and to the Constitution itself, will see that our
fathers excluded from election directly bv the peo-
ple every Federal officer, from the Presidentdown
to the humblest officer.
The Constitution provided for a system of elect-
ors who were to choose the President of the Uni-
ted States. The theory then was, and 1 know
that it is very different now, that these electors
should be the mosfrespectable men in the various
sections from which they came; that they should
meet together in the manner prescribed; and that
they should there select the best man in the Uni-
ted States as the Chief Magistrate of the Republic.
However beautiful may have been the philosophy
of this proceeding, it has long since departed from
the practice of the people. The practice now is
for the electors to be pledged to carry out the
nominations of the conventions that selected them.
Now, in the appointment of these postmasters, I
do not see why, if thpy can be elected with no
detriment to the interests of the Post Office De-
partment, and not in violation of the Constitution
of the United States, it should not be done. But
there is the difficulty. I regret, with (he gentleman
from Ohio, that these postmasters are not elected
by the people. It seems to me that it would be
a great deal better if they were elected by the peo-
ple; and if my friend can find any constitutional
way by which we can provide for the selection of
postmasters by the people, I will go as far as he
does.
Mr. COX. Let me answer my friend from In-
diana, and I think I can do it in very few words.
Mr. DAWES. I have the consent of the gen-
tleman from Indiana to occupy the floor for a mo-
ment.
Mr. COX. 1 thought I had the floor.
Mr. DAWES. No, no, sir; I have the floor.
The gentleman from Indiana wants a constitu-
tional way for doing this thing. I think he will
find it if he will look at the bank bill, which we
passed this morning. Now, if thcie may be ap-
pointed by the Presidentof the United States, on
the recommendation ofthe Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as a Comptroller 
Mr. COX. I do not yield the floor. The gen-
tleman is stealing my thunder. [Laughter.] I was
about to call attention to that very point."
Mr. DAWES. Let me get through with what
I was about to say. The bill which we passed
this morning provides that the Presidentof the
United States may appoint a Comptroller of the
Treasury, on the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Now, I aslc whether he
may not just as well, and with as little violation
to the Constitution of the United States, appoint
postmasters on the recommendation of somebody
else. To be sure, the Attorney General has given
an opinion that it cannot be done. Still, we have
done if to-day, and 1 do not see why we cannot
do it this evening.
