1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
nation of the bill. Mr. President, it appears that
during the troubles between the United States and
the Republic of Fiance, at the close of the last cen-
tury, a bill somewhat similar in character to this
which I now introduce was passed. Its import-
ance may be estimated by the circumstance that
it appears to be the very first law passed at the
session of Congress beginning in December, 1798.
It is dated January 30, 1799, and is entitled "An
act for the punishment of certain crimes therein
specified." The operative words of the statute
to which I wish to call attention are as follows:
"That it'any person,hem? a citizen of the United States,
whether lie be actually rc&ident or abiding within the United
State or in any tbreisrn countty*'—
The statute was made to operate abroad—
u fdiall, without the permission oi authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States, dnectlv orinduectly commence
or earty on any veibiil or wiitten correspondence oi inter-
com &e with any founprn Covemment or any officer or agent
theieof. with tiie intent to influence the measures or con-
duct oi anv foieiijn Government, oi ot any officei oi ajrent
Iheicof, in icliUion to any dispute-? oi eontiovcisics with
the United State"*, or deleat the measmess of tlie Govern-
ment ot ilie United States; or if any pei^on, belli# a citi-
zen of or resident within the United States and not duly
nuihoiize.d shall counsel, advise, aid, or assist m any such
correspondence with the intent as aforesaid, fie or they
bliall be deemed guilty of a high misdcineanoi, and, on con-
viction belorc any couit of the United States having juris-
diction theieof, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$0,000, and by imprisonment dining a term not less than &ix
montiis nor exceeding thiee years."
It will be observed that this statute is operative
only where the correspondence is intended to in-
fluence a foreign Government. It cannot operate
where a coirespondence is attempted with a view
to influence the rebel government. I propose a
bill which shall meet the latter case. It is as fol-
lows:
That if any pcr?on, being a resident of the United State®,
or citizen theieof. and loidingiu any foieigncountty,shall,
Without the pei mission oi authomy of tlu Government ol
the United Suite®, and with tiie intent to defeat the mea<-
uie-3 ot the said Government, or to weaken in any wnv their
efficacy, hold oi commence, dnectly oi indirectly, any
cone--pondenec oi xntcicocr^c, written oi vcilml, with the
present pictended rebel govei ument, oi with any agent oi
ofiicei theieof, ot with anv other individual acting or sym-
pathizing theicwith, or if any such peison above mentioned
not duly nuthoiized <hall counsel nr in any such coi-
respondence or intercom se with intent as aibie^aid, lie shall
be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and, on eouviciton
bcfoie any conit of the United States having juti.-diction
thereof, ^hall he punished by a fine not e\cccdiU!it?i(),0U0,
and b\ unpris-onniciit not less than six months oi exceed-
ing /jvo years'.
Sir, it seems to me the times require legislation
like this. We already have heaid public speakers
declare tiiey weie about to enter into coriespond-
encc with persons in the rebel States. If there is
any such correspondence entered into, f hope this
Administration will know that it must strike at
once those who engage in it, and I wish that they
shall be armed with aii proper poweis. I ask the
reference of the bill to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and I should like to haee it printed.
The hill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be punted.
washington and new york mails.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rt iolvcil> That the Postmaster General be requested to
funu?h to the 5-cnate any inhumation in his po^t^ion e\-
plainui" the detungemeut of the mails between Washing-
ton and New Yotk, and showmg what can be done for the
icinoval of tins evil.
soldiers' home.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- j
sent, and agieed to: |
Resolved, ThattneCominitteeonMililary and tlie j
•Militia considei the expediency of ptovidm<r :> suitable Jo- i
eaiion and c->tabliihinc a j-oldiejo'1 home for destitute and j
disabled sohheis who mayhave been honorably discharged !
l'ium the imliUty seiviee of the United Stati s. j
bills introduced. i
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con- |
font obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. j
44y) in amendmentof an act m amendmentof the
acts respecting the judicial system of the United
States, j-a^scd February 28, ]V39: which was read !
"wic; by i?c; title, and referred to the Committee !
on ihe Judiciary.
Air MeDOUGALLasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
450) for the relief of L. B. Gilky; which was read
twK" by its trl", and referred to the Committee j
on t.ie Post Office and Post Roads. !
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 452) to
j regulate the mode of appointment of midshiyimen
! to the Naval Academy; which was read twice bv
! its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 454) to
amend "An act to incorporate the Columbia Insti-
tution for the instruction of the deaf and dumb
and the blind, and to make an appropnation for
the benefit thereof;" which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States Jjy Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed, on the 6th in*
stant, the following bill and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 419) to improve the organiza-
tion of the cavalry forces; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 110) in relation to
certain maps.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions:
A bill (H. R. No. 634) giving aid to the State
of Missouri for the purpose of securing the abol-
ishment of slavery in said State;
A bill (H. R. No. 650) to authorize additional
mailable matter;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 322) requiring the
estimation of seamen, us well as soldiers, in the
adjustment of quotas of volunteers; and
A jomt resolution (II. R. No. 125) to grant the
use of a portion of Judiciary square for a free
library and reading-room for soldiers.
nayal grades.
Mr, HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to intioducc a bill (S. No. 453) to
repeal so much of an act entitled "An act to es-
tablish and equalise the grade of line officers or
the United States Navy," approved July 16,186*2,
as authorizes the appointment of rear admirals and
commodores on the retired list; which was read
twice by Us title.
Mr. HALE. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Naval Affair?; and I simply wantto
say m that connection that the action of this Con-
i gress, at its last session, in regard to the Navy,
in my opinion, is most unfortunate and disastious;
that it tends to demoralize the Navy. It puts it
fiom under the restraint of law into the control
of a clique of officers. I despair myself of re-
tracing the step, and, as I look upon it for the
interest of the Navy, the fatal step that we then
took; but I wish that this hill may be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and whether
the committee of the Senate on that branch of the
public service agree in any mode of redressing
what I conceive to be the ei i oia. of the hist session,
I wish to bay that 1 shall take occasion at an eaily
, day to submit to the Senate some views myself j
| in regard to the action of that lull upon the public I
i service, and to the administration under it. Let |
it. be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, j
It was so referred.
absent army officers.
Oil motion of Mr. RICE, the bid (S. No. 421)
to forfeit the pay of absent officers of the Army,
and for other purposes, was icad tne second time,
and considered ns in Committee ot the Whole.
The first section provides that during the exist-
ence of the present rebellion officers ot the volun-
teer and regular Army, when absent fiom then-
appropriate duties for a period exceeding thirty
days without leave, shall not receive the pay oi
allowance authorized by existing laws, cxcept
such absence be on account of wounds received
in action, or on account of illness contracted while
in tlie performance of their duties.
The second section provides that officers of the
volunteer and regular Army, being absent with-
out leave, shall be stricken from the rolls of the
Army.
Mr. GRIMES, I ask that the first section of
the bill be read again.
The Secretary read the first section.
Mr. RICE. I observe that there is a misprint.
The words "without leave" should be " yrith
leave."
Mr. GRIMES. So I supposed.
Mr. RICE. That correction should be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be so
corrected.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call the e^tention of
the Senator from Minnesota to the second section
of the bill, which provides for striking from the
rolls officers absent without leave. Take the case
of an officer who is sick, and has a furlough for
thirty days; and at the end of that time he is un-
able to return, but he lias no leave to remain.
Mr. RICE. The first section provides for that.
Mr. CLARK. That only applies to the pay.
This section is absolute, that he shall be stricken
from the list. If the officer cannot return, he
should not be stricken from the list.
Mr. RICE. There are many officers who have
been absent several months without leave, and I
am informed there are four or five hundred now
absent without leave.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Four hun-
dred and eleven.
Mr. RICE. I received the other day a letter
from the Department relative to an officer, and I
found that he had been absent without leave since
last March.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt there arc many
of them who ought to go from the list, but I want
to call the Senator's attention to a case like this,
where an officer has a furlough—say for thirty
days—and at the end of the thirty days he cannot
go back to his command, and at the end of the
thirty days he files a certificate from the surgeon
in charge of him that, he cannot return, but he has
no further leave of absence.
Mr. RICE. The law provides, I believe, that
where an officer does file such a certificate, the
leave may be extended.
Mr. CLARK. But perhaps he gets no exten-
sion of his leave for the reason that he is far away,
or he may be so sick that he cannot apply for
leave.
Mr. GRIMES. This does not change the law
in that respect.
Mr. CLARK. But I understand this bill to
provide that he shall be actually stricken from
the list. The condition expressed in the first sec-
tion does not apply to this, as I understand.
Mr. RICE. 1 have no objection to the bill being
amended so as not to apply to those that may be
absent by reason of sickness. I thought the first
section did provide for that.
Mi\ CLARK. It does in regard to the pay, but
not as to striking them from the list.
Mr. HALE. While my colleague is preparing
his amendments, let the bill be laid aside inform-
ally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done
if there be no objection.
Perkins's and mcmahon's patent.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (S. No. 381)
for the relief of Thatcher Perkins and William
McMahon was lead the second time,and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Its pmpose
is to empower the Commissioner of Patents to re-
hear and reexamine the application of Thatcher
PerUins and William McMahon for an extension
of their patent of April 10,1843,forimprovements
in the manner of constructing cost-iron v. heels for
locomotive steam engines, cars, trucks, &-c , to-
gether with the testimony now on file in the P,uent
Office, and that filed with the Committee on Pat-
ents, and in the Patent Office, and such other test-
imoi^ as Perkins & McMahon shall procure
and lay before the Commissioner before the day
fixed by lam for the final hearing. If, after such
reexamination, the Commissioner shall be of opin-
ion that there is such equity in the application of
Peikins & McMahon as to justify the extension
prayed for, he is to extend the patent, in confoi m-
ity with existing laws regulating the extending of
patents, for the term of seven years from the date
of the extension, saving the rights of thiid pe  so.js
winch, have intervened and accrued since tlie ex-
piration of the patent and before its extension.
Mr. HALE. A single word will explain tills
case. When this patent expired, there was an
application made to the Commissioner for a re-
newal; but he was absent, and it was examined
by the chicf clcrk, who rejected it. Mr. Mason,
the Commissioner, when he came back, wrote a
