1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Indiana has
given to the House anil to the country a pledge,
a solemn pledge, (and he is a member of the next
Congress,) and I want to hold him to it, that he
will favor the selection of postmasters by the peo-
ple. I will show the way by which itcan be done.
In 18CS, when we bring in our Democratic Presi-
dent, I trust it will not make any difference to
us if the postmasters are appointed by the Post-
master General or selected by the people. My
resolution proposes that the people should make
their choice—that they should nominate the per-
son as postmaster to the President of the United
States. Let that nomination stand as an equiva-
lent to an election, and let the President commis-
sion the nominee. The gentleman will see that
this is a constitutional way of accomplishing the
thing he has so much at heart. Now, applicants
are 111 the habit of getting long lists of names to
petitions, including the names of members of Con-
gress and influential party men in their district.
Instead of the Department being filled with piles
of sudi papers, the question will be relieved of all
vexation and embarrassment by the nomination
of the people.
Mr. MAYNARD. How long does the gentle-
man from Ohio propose to extend the tenure of
office of postmasters elected as he proposes ? Are
they (o come in with on incoming Administra-
tion, and to go out with an outgoing Administra-
tion.5
Mr. COX. If the House will show an inclina-
tion to adopt the system proposed by the amend-
niuu I have suggested, 1 will have a special com-
mittee, with the gentleman from Tennessee as
chairman, to mature a plan. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. That is quite satisfactory.
I Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COX. This is a postal reform bill. It is
a valuable bill, and has been well digested, and I
shall vote for it. But I think one of the greatest
reforms which could be adopted in the postal sys-
tem of the country would be to allow the people*
of the vicinage to say who shall be postmaster.
I do not care whether that doctrine is in the Buf-
falo platform or anywhere else. If it is right, that
is nil that I care to inquire for.
Mr. BLAKE. Will my colleague permit mc to
ask him a simple question?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
M r. BLAKE. I would like to ask my colleague
whether he is in favor of the election of clerks in
the different Departments in Washington by the
ps ople; (or, if he is, he has left it out of his amend-
nit lit ?
Mr. COX. I do not exactly understand what
the gentleman moans. I presume, howevei, ho
may be referring to a fling at me thrown out fiom
the other side of the House at the time we were
fighting the passage of the negro soldier bill, by
thai menibci who in known as the Jeremiah 8nealc
of the House, lie wanted the House to know
whether I had a brother m any one of the Depart-
ments in Washington; as if such a fact ought to
influence my course m this House; but he never
inquired whether i had any brothers in the Army;
that was not convenient for his purpose. But I
do not know what my colleague means.
Mr. BLAKE. I had not any allusion to your
brother at all.
Mr, COX. I am glad that I had the opportu-
nity, then, to say what I have said.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am eageily and earnestly
for this reform. I want my amendment passed by
this House in order to relieve the Administration
at this time of the great pressure incident to the
appointments of postmasters. I am willing to
relieve the Administration from the thankless task
of appointing postmasters, and I ask my friend to
help me m this woik.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that
during this evening at least theie would have been
no reference to the negro question, but that the
House would have devoted itself to the consider-
ation of the important business of the Post Office
Department. Nor had I the faintest expectation
that personal allusions would be indulged in to
ejecite personal feeling, f regret that the gentle-
man from Ohio has thought proper to bring in
matters that are not germane to the subject under
discussion, and to recall some of the discussion
between members when his friends filibustered all
night in this Hall,
Mr. COX, I apologize to the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
never, however, do anything of that sort unless I
have had occasion. My colleague, [Mr. Blake,]
I imagined, made the allusion aboutclerks, about
which I had a right to be sensitive after what
occurred here some time ago.
Mr. COLFAX. I regret it because this is the
only evening devoted to the consideration of Post
Office business, and it is to that business I would
like the gentleman and the House to confine
themselves.
I state in all sincerity that I am in favor of the
principle of electing postmasters by the people,
if practicable; and if the gentleman from Ohio
will take the trouble to prepare a measure which
will keep within the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, provide for all of the safeguards of the mails
and the security of the postage, and against the
retention of dishonest and worthless postmasters,
I will go with him. Let me ask him one or two
questions, to show him that his section is not
matured, even though it be constitutional, which
I have doubted. Suppose a postmaster nominated
by the people turns out to be a defaulter, yet the
people arc unwilling that he shall be removed,
and send up another popular vote insisting that
he shall be retained. You will have to provide
in your system some means by which there will
be an official oversight over the mails and over
suboidinates. These are only a few of the diffi-
culties that will spring up on every hand. Howto
define the boundaries of postal districts is another.
I will not consume time by suggesting others ob-
vious to all who have given attention to the sub-
ject.
Mr. COX. I am in earnest about this amend-
ment, but of course in drawing it up in haste at
my seat I could not put it into perfect shape. I
think the proposition is worthy the consideration
of the best minds of this House. 1 think it js pos-
sible to accomplish what I aim at, and I would
like to have an expression of the House m rela-
tion to the matter. We might make an excellent
reform here. Since this war broke out the evil I
propose to correct has become aggravated. This
evil springs out of the petty local jealousies and
partisanship at home—I refer to petition after pe-
tition, and slander after slander which are sent
here for the removal of postmasters on account of
political difficulties. It would be well to get rid
of all that trash and wipe the evil out. If we could
refer the matter to the people they would be bet-
ter satisfied, and the President would be glad of
the relief; and I say to the gentleman from In-
diana he shall have my support in preparing a
bill looking to that desirable object. It makesno
difference to me from what source reform comes,
whether from Buffalo, Charleston, or Chicago; if
it is a good idea I am m favor of it.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio will
see that his proposition is imperfect in other re-
spects. lie docs not provide for the length of
time the postmasters shall serve, and without
some such provision they might serve for life.
The amendment does not provide for removals.
It does not provide how the elections shall be
conducted, who shall be the officers, nor how
contested elections shall be settled where the vote
has been a close one. All these things must ne-
cessarily be provided for in any such system as
this.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Would it be in order, in-
asmuch as there is clearly no difference of opinion
upon either side of the House, to move or suggest
that the Committee on the Post Office commission
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] and my friend
here from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,] to put
their heads together and perfect a bill? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. I would not serve on that commit-
tee. [Laughter.]
Mr, VALXANDIGHAM. Is the proposition
of my colleague designed to take effect immedi-
ately or only after the 4th of March, 1865? If it
is designed to take effect immediately I shall vote
for it, as there are a great many scurvy men now
in office.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LAZEAR. I move to amend by adding
at the end of section thirty-seven, the follow-
ing;
And that all soldiers in the military service, while on
duty m camp or in hospitals, shall be entitled to transom
and receive all matters free of postage, under such regula-
tions as the Postmaster General shall prescribe.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, there will be no objection
to this amendment. It is but an act of justice, as
well to the soldier in camp as to his family and
friends at home. It is true, Mr. Speaker, that
provision has been made for the sending of letters
by a soldier without the postage'being prepaid,
but the friend to whom it is sent must pay full
postage ^before its delivery; and in many instances
the soldier, being disappointed in receiving his pay,
is unable to provide his family with the pittance
necessary to lift a letter from the office. Besides,
Mr. Speaker, a favor of this kind would be en-
couraging to the soldier and gratifying to his
friends. It would assure them that the Govern-
ment was in no way unmindful of those whose
lives were risked in defense of that Government.
The question was put; and on a division no
quorum voting—
Mr. LAZEAR demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX. I see many gentlemen on the
other side of the House rising to demand the yeas
and nays on this amendment. I stated last ses-
sion, and I repeat it now, that as long as members
of Congress determine to retain for themselves the
franking privilege, I cannot see how it can be de-
nied, as a matter of principle, to the soldiers, also,
if they desire it. I am opposed to the franking
privilege for any one; but as it is retained, I think
I shall vote for this amendment; with the full un-
derstanding that the public at large will have to
be taxed for a heavy deficit in the postal system.
There is a deficit now. I went as far as I thought
it expedient before, in reporting a bill, which
passed, that letters might be sent by soldiers with-
out the prepayment of postage, but that the post-
age should be paid by the recipient at the other
end of the route. But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not satisfied with that and desire*? to
have the free system extended. I suppose he is
in favor of the franking privilege for members of
Congress, and the House seems in favor of re-
taining it. As he desires to retain the privilege
for himself, I think, if he wants a record made,
that I shall go with him to give this privilege, en-
joyed by members of Congress, to the soldiers,
also.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
62, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alduch, Alley, Ancona, Baxter, Biddle,
Bingham, Blake, William G. Brown, Casey, Cobb, Coliax,
Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Cox, Dawes, English, Samuel
C. Fe&-scndcn, Goodwin, Granger, Harding, Harrison,
llutclniih, Johnson. Kelley, Kerngan, Law, Lazoai, Low,
Malioiv, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Noblo, Nngen,
Ode)!, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Porter, Pilc \ John II. Rice,
IlobiriMjn, Edward II. llollinb, Segar, Shollabaiger, Sher-
man, Slnel, VVilham G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stratton,
Vallandigham, Wadswoith,VVashburne, Wheeler,YVlialey,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom, Worecstei, Wiigbt,
and Yeaman— 62.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Buffinton, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Cutler, Davis, Dunn, Eiiot, Thomas A. D. Fessenden,
Franchot, Hahn, Maynaid, Olm, Pomeroy, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Sheffield, Sloan, and Trowbridgc—18.
No quorum voted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MALLORY said: My colleague, Mr.
Crittenden, is detained at home by indisposi-
tion. If he had been here, knowing him to be a
friend of the soldier, I am sure he would have
voted for the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT said: My colleague, Mr.
Phelps, is detained from the House by business.
If he were present I think he would have voted
against the amendment, because he is opposed to
all buncombe.
Mr. MAYNARD. As no quorum has voted,
I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion and allow me to have re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means tho
Navy appropriation bill, with Senate amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted, and
no business is in oider.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move that there be
a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew my motion that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at nine o'clock and
forty minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
