1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 21, 1863.
Prayer by the Rev. R. McMurdy, D. D.( of
Kentucky.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. CARL1LE. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal. It seems to be a very
large document, and will occupy a good part of
the morning hour to get through with it.
There being no objection, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the credentials
of the Hon. Lot M. Morrill, elected by the Le-
gislature of Maine a Senator from that State for
the term ofsix years, commencing March 4,1863;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the construction of a
submarine telegraphic cable along the southern
coast of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Brigadier General James
H. Carleton, United States Army, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 553) for the
relief of Eva, Ella, Henry, and Guy Carleton.
The bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 556) to promote the health, comfort, and
efficiency of the armies of the United States; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 552) granting the right of way over the
military reserve at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas;
which was lead twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No.
554) to carry into effect the convention between
the United States and the republic of Peru, signed
at Lima on the 12ih of January, 1863, for the set-
tlement of claims; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leaver to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 555) to incorporate the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
PRINTING OF CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
ten thousand extra copies of the act entitled  • An act to
piovidc a national cunency seemed by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide foi the circulation and re-
demption theieof," with proper marginal notes,
A. J. ATOCIIA.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary request the return to the
Senate from the Couit of Claims of the papers relating to
the case of A. J. Atocha; and that when they have been
returned^ he have leave to withdraw the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 486) to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United Spates
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A biil (S. No. 337) extending the time for car-
rying into effect the provisions of the third sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act i elating to high-
ways in the county of Washington and District
of Columbia," approved May 3, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 417) for the removal of the Win-
nebago Indians, and for the sale of their reserva-
tion in Minnesota for their benefit;
A bill (S. No. 488) to change the times of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States in the several districts of the seventh circuit;
A bill (S. No. 516) to allow the United States
to prosecute appeals and writs of eiror without
giving security; and
A bill (S. No. 519) to annex a part of the State
of New Jersey to the collection district of New
York, and to appoint an assistant collector to re-
side at Jersey City.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 39th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 478) for the relief of the crew
of the ship Nightingale; and
A bill (H. R. No. 749) for the relief of Ignatius
C. Mattingly, postmaster at Bardstown, Ken-
tucky.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President approved and signed, on the
20th instant, the following bills and joint lesolu-
tion:
A bill (S. No. 468) temporarily to supply va-
vancies in the Executive Departments in certain
cases;
A bill (S. No. 440) concerning pardons and the
remission of penalties and forfeitures in criminal
cases; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 127) to amend the
joint resolution for the payment of the expenses
I of the joint committee of Congress appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war, approved
1 January 27, 1869.
NAVAL GRADES.
Mr. KENNEDY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 424, to amend the act entitled "An act to
establish and equalize the grades of line officers
of the United States Navy," approved July 16,
1862.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. This bill has been read at
length, and has been somewhat discussed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is in
the Senate, and the question is on ordering n to
be engrossed foi a third leading.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 desire 10 offer an amend-
ment, to strike out, from the word " aforesaid,"
in line nineteen of section two, down to the word
"grade," in line twenty-five. The words to be
stricken out are as follows:
And in ease of an officer who could not have been pro-
moted aceoiding to iatik and u->age had he been  eeom-
inended for fiuther piomoiion by tin* advisory board afore-
said. the finding of said court, if appioved by the I'lestdent,
shalt remove all disability mcuried by the action of saidad-
visoiy board, and rettoie him to all the rights ofhih grade.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. There is one more verbal
amendment, in line twenty-five of the second sec-
tion, after the word " promotion," to strike out
" hereafter," and insert "as heretofore."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That verbal
amendment will be made.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have another amendment
to offer; in line nine, section five, after the word
"promotion," I move to strike out "and the
grade, also, to which each is worthy to be pro-
moted;" so that the clause will then read:
And report to the President of the United States. In writ-
ing, the names ot those officers who, in their opinion, arc
worthy of further promotion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have one other amend-
ment to this bill. At the end of line fourteen",
section five, after the words "therein interested,"
I move to insert;
And who shall have the right to present any testimony
they may deem necessary to a full and just consideration
of their "cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; it was read the third time, and passed.
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 435, to promote the construction of rail-
roads and telegraphs in the State of Kansas, and
for other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I have been making an effort
for several days past to get up House bill No. 257.
It will occupy the time of the Senate but a few
minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. CLARK. This bill appropriates four mil-
lion acres of land. I had rather that it should be
taken up at some time when the Senate is fuller.
I do not know that I shall oppose it; but I desire
that it should remain until the Senate is fuller.
The chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
is not here.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senate will take
it up, we will not press a vote upon it now.
Mr. CLARK. There is no need of taking it
up until the Senate is full. 1 may give my'sup-
port to it; but I submit to the Senators from Kan-
sas if they had not better take it up at some other
time.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to tem-
porarily postponing the bill. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House bill
No. 267, to divide the State of Michigan into two
judicial districts, and to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts therein.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the amendments which have been
agreed to to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a- third time.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. I apprehend that this bill is
passing withoutattracting the attention of the Sen-
ate. It is a biil reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, with a report adverse to its pas-
sage. That, certainly, is by no means conclusive
upon the action of the Senate, and it may be that
the committee are quite wrong, and that the bill
ought to pass; but the chairman of the committee
stated the other day, what is familiar to every
Senator who has attended to the question, that it
is an entiie departure from the settled practice of
the Senate for many years to divide a State into
districts, adding judicial districts, of course add-
ing greatly to the judicial expenses of the United
States. The State of Michigan, it is true, is a
great and growing State, has maritime questions
as well as common law questions to be determ-
ined within its limits, and is entitled to all reason-
able accommodations in regard to courts of the
United States; butnotwithstandingall thesefacts,
and the great extent of the State and its rapid in-
crease in wealth and population, in consequence of
its facilities for travel both by land and by water,
by steamboat and by railroad, every part of that
State is now more accessible to every other part
than twenty years ago was onepointone hundred
miles from another. In other words, steam and
modern facilities for communication have brought
all portions of the country into proximity, and
there is, therefore, greatly less need to-day of di-
viding the State than there was twenty years ago,
for all parts of it are, as I have suggested, far
more accessible to all other paits. If this bill be
passed and this precedent be established, we shall
nave, as the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary suggested the other day, the
State of Pennsylvania—a great and powerful State
—already divided into two districts, asking for
a third, and that will be obtained; New York,
another great and powerful State, divided already
into two districts, asking a third, and it will be
obtained; and so on, until every State shall have
additional judicial districts. I know not where the
line^of demarkation between States that ask for
two districts, now having one, and those having1
two, asking for three, will stop. With every
disposition to render all facilities to the State of
Michigan, a State, settled very tnuch from New
England, and with certainly nothing but the
strongestsympathy ,the kindest feeling, as 1 trust,
