1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
breaking, out of this rebellion, had it ever been
the subject of a legal discussion. Neither the
massive logic i?faMaishall nor the luminous pen
of a Story had ever been brought to bear upon
it. Nor is this, peihaps, to be wondered at; for,
although neaily fourscore years have elapsed
sinc8 the Constitution was adopted, this is the
very first occasion on which there ever has been
any necessity to call into existence the exercise
of this power. This fact, Mr. President, I think
'is one that ought to be mentioned to the credit of
our country, and the statement of which ought to
be emphasized more particularly at a time like
this, when a disposition exists in so many quar-
ters to decry our republican institutions, and to
represent thorn as having been a failure. Of what
Government in Europe could the same thing be
affirmed? Nay, what country has ever existed,
since the beginning of the world, which continued
to enjoy, for u period of nearly eighty years, un-
interrupted tranquillity? Never, till now, since
this instrument was framed, has there been any-
thing approaching to a rebellion in this country;
and never, with the exception of a few days dur-
ing the last war with Great Britain, 1ms our soil
been trodden by the foot of a foreign invader.
I have said that the question was anew one. I
am aware that there is a case reported in the fourth
volume of Cranch's Reports, in which Chief Jus-
tice Marshall makes use of language from which
it might be inferred that he was of opinion the
power in question was intended to be a legisla-
tive power. But, in the first place, the question
never«arosc m that case, and the attention of the
Chief Justice was never called to it; and in thu
next place, the language that he makes use of is
susceptible of quite a different constiuction. Iam
aware, too, that the following passage occurs in
Story's Commentaries upon the Constitution:
" It would seem, as the pmver is given to Congress to
su.-pend the wiitot habeas corpus in case of lebdlion 01 in-
vasion, that the tight to jmlire whether the emergency had
ansen must exclusively belong to that body.1'
Now here, undoubtedly, the learned comment-
ator takes for granted that the power is given to
Congress, but it was a question that he was not
at all discussing, nor was his attention particu-
larly directed to it. The inference which he draws
from the premises is a legitimate and a logical one;
but the premises themselves are assumed. No
attempt is made to prove them.
I am willing to go further, and to admit that an
impression has very generally prevailed among
lawyers and judges that this power was a legis-
lative power, to be exercised by Congress and not
by the President; and I admit, too, that the exist-
ence of such an impression crcatcs a prcsumjition
that such is the true construction of the Constitu-
tion—a presumption which can only be overcome
by very strong pi oofs. But, sir, if I am not very
much mistaken, those proofs are tu bo found. Why
such an impression should have prevailed, I think
it is not veiy difficult to understand. The truth
is, that we have denved not only tlie name of the
writ of habeas corpus, but all on t ideas concerning
it, from England. It is a singular fact, that at the
time when this clause was inserted in the Con-
stitution, the United S'atcs had no writ ot' habeas
corpus, and we never have had a habeas corpus act
passed by Congress to the present day. The only
legislation that has ever taken place in regard to
it has been this: Congress has conferred upon the
courts of the United States the power of issuing
the writ of habeas corpus, leaving everything else in
connection with it to depend upon the well-known
principles of the common iaw. And becausc in
England the writ of habeas corpus can only be sus-
pended by Parliament, therefore the conclusion
has been very naturally come to, that in this coun-
try the privilege of the writ can only be suspended
by Congress.
Mr. President, the history of this celebrated
writ of habeas corpus would be an interesting and
instructive one, but I do not propose to pursue
it upon this occasion except so far as may be
necessary to illustrate my argument. The right
of personal liberty, immunity ftom aibitrary im-
prisonment, has always been considered a funda-
mental principle of the common law of England, j
It is one of those sacred birthrights to which j
the English people have invariably clung with the j
utmost tenacity, and which they have always j
cherished with peculiar fondness and veneration, i
It had its root far back in the primeval forests of 1
Germany. It was transplanted to England, where
it formed part of the unwritten law of the Anglo-
Saxons. Trampled under foot by the iron heel
of the Norman conquest, it was successfully as-
sorted and vindicated by the bold barons in the
reign of John. Overborne and disregarded during
the civil war which grew out of the rival claims
of the houses of York and Lancaster, and during
the arbitrary reigns of theTudors and the Stuarts,
it was nevertheless always claimed as one of the
undoubted privileges of Englishmen. It was made
the subject of the famous resolutions introduced
by Sir Edward Coke into the House of Commons
in the year 1G28, and finally it was secured and
protected and placed beyond the possibility of in-
vasion by the habeas corpus act of 31 Charles II.
This celebrated act has been the subject of un-
bounded eulogiums by writers upon the British
constitution. It has been considered as a second
magna charla; as the great bulwark of English
liberty; and yet it is known to all that the princi-
ple involved in it was not a new principle; it was
but a solemn reassertion and reenactment of one
of the fundamental prmciplcsof the common law.
That statute provided that every individual who
was committed for any criminal offense whatever
should be entitled to his writ of habeas corpus, and
to bp bailed, tried, or discharged without unneces-
sary delay. That is the substance of this act, and
it is the model upon which has been constructed
every habeas corpus act that exists in this country.
Now, the point to which I desire to direct the
attention of the Senate is this: the terms of the
habeas coipus act of Chailes II weie absolute;
there was no exception whatever made to them.
It contained no provision for a suspension of the
writ in cases of rebellion or invasion; and there-
fore itfollows, as a matter of course, that the only
possible way in which thewiit of habeas corpus ui
England can over be suspended is by an act of
Parliament. The privilege of the writ having
been created by act of Parliament, of course it ie-
quired a poweras high to suspend that privilege.
But suppose the habeas corpus act of 31 Charles
II had contained a provision similar to that which
exists in our Constitution; suppose it had pro-
vided that the privilege of the writ might be sus-
pended in case of rebellion or invasion, can any
doubt exist as to what would have been the con-
struction of such a clause? The very term, "sus-
pended," would have pointed necessarily to the
executive power; for it would have been descrip-
tive of that right which was so often claimed by
the kings of England, of suspending the execu-
tion of acts of Parliament.
Then, Mr, I insist that, in the first place, no
argument can be drawn from analogy to the case
of the British constitution, inasmuch as the habeas
corpus act of England is absolute in its terms,
and makes no exception in cases of rebellion or
invasion. But 1 have been speaking of the the-
ory of the British constitution. They have, how-
ever, a practice as well as a theory, and that prac-
tice is not always conformable to the theory; or,
rather, in virtueof thatgood .sense which so emi-
nently distinguishes the people of England, prac- !
tiec is often brought in to correct the detects of j
theory. What is the piacticr, then, which exists i
in England with regatd to the suspension of the j
habeas corpus act ? 1 aver?hat,in pomtoffact, the j
writ of habeas corpus lias never been suspended m ;
England by any other authouty than that of the j
crown. ThefirstinstaiKcm which the habeas corpus I
act was ever suspended was in the reign of Wil- ;
ham III, in the year 169G. It never was sus-
pended during the arbitrary reign of James II, but
it was suspended in the glorious leign of W ill iam
III; thus showing that in England, as well as in
this country, rebellion may sometimes break out
agamst the very best Government. The occasion
upon which it was suspended was the insurrection t
ot SirGeonre Barclay. We have a vivid description |
of that insurrection from th^ graphic pen of Lord !
Macaulay. A plot, a deep-laid plot, was about to 1
be consummated for the assassination of the king i
and for a Eiein h invasion. Just as it was ripe ,
for exccut.on, just as the fatal blow was about to '
bo struck, it was discovered. It become of the i
utmost importance that it should be nipped in the ;
bud, that it should be strangled in the cradle, and
arrests were mode by authonty of the king, and .
without any legal process, of the principal con- j
spirators. Parliament was m session at the time, J
and yet no effort was made to suspend the writ of i
habeas corpus, because the least movement toward
a biil would have alarmed the conspirators, and
enabled them to make their cscape; but after the
leadingconspirators had been arrested and secured,
then the king came down to both Houses of Par-
liament and informed them what he Jyid done.
They thanked him for it, and then passed
two acts, and those two acts have been followed
ever since in cases of the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus. The first of those acts sanctions and
adopts what had already been done, and declares
that all who have been or may be confined forcer-
tain specified offenses by warrant from his Majes-
ty's Privy Council or Secretaries of State,shall be
detained insafecustody without bail ormainprize;
and the second act indemnifies the ministers of the
crown from the consequences of having made
these illegal arrests, and protects them against all
civil or criminal prosecutions. And from that day
to this, not a single instance can be found in the
history of England in which Parliament have ever
exercised the power of suspending thewiit of
habeas corpus until after it had been in point of fact
suspended by the crown, and then what they do
is to sanction and adopt the acts of the king or
his ministers, and indemnify them against the
consequences of their proceedings.
It will be perceived, therefore, that if any argu-
ment is to be drawn from analogy to the case of
England, that argument is strongly in favor of the
position which I take. It goes to show one thing
very clearly, that this power of suspension,to be
opeiati\c and effectual, must be an act of the ex-
ecutive authority. Unless it is exercised by the
Executive, it can never be exercised at all; and
the question which we are this day called upon
to determine is, not whether the power shall be
exercised by the President or by Congress, but
whether the power shall be exercised at all, or
whether it shall be stricken from the Constitution
altogether; for if itisonly to beexercised by Con-
gress, it is a dead letter. I admit that if Congress
had the power which is possessed by the British
Parliament, then there would be no practical dif-
ficulty with regard to this matter; for then Con-
gress might do here what Parliament does there:
it might sanction and adopt the actsof the Presi-
dent, and indemnify him against the consequences
which might otherwise flow from them. But, sir,
Congress possesses no such power. Unless the
President of the United States is authorized by
the Constitution to suspend the privilege of the
writ, every act of suspension is a usurpation of
power, and all who are concerned in the execution
of these arrests are liable to an action for false
imprisonment. The consequences, therefore, are
of the most serious character, and it is a matter
of the utmost importance, not merely in a theo-
retical point of view, but as a great practical ques-
tion, whether this power has been conferred by
the Constitution upon the Piesident or upon Con-
gross.
1 know that an argument is sometimes drawn
in favorof this being a legislative power, from iho
position which the clause occupies in the Consti-
tution. It is said, for instance, that the first ar-
ticle of the Constitution relates exclusively to the
legislative power; that the eighth section of thN
article contains an enumeration of the powers of
Congress, or what Congress maydo,and that the
ninth sec'ion contains an enumeration of the dis-
abilities of Congress, or what Congress may not
do; and inasmuch as this clause is found in the
ninth section, the argument is that it was designed
to be restrictive of the power of Congress. It is
a plausible view of the case; but there are two
answers to be given to it, either one of which I
think is decisive. In the first place,it is not true
that the provisions of this ninth section are le-
strictive only of the powers of Congress. Every
clause in the section 1 admit is a restrictive clause,
and almost every clause begins with the word
"no;" but it is not true that these restrictions
are restrictions upon the legislative power alone.
They aic restrictions upon other departments of
the Government as well. For instance: "No
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law."
That is a restriction upon the executive and' not
upon the legislative department. "No title of
nobility shall begiantcd by the United States."
That is a restriction upon the executive rathcrthan
upon the legislative power. It does not follow,
then, beoausc the clause is contained in the ninth
