1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
between New England and Michigan, for they
are bone of our bone and flesh of ourflesh,itdoes
seem to me thatwe shall adopta policy here which
we cannot carry out. I hope, therefore, the bill
will not pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is clearly an excep-
tional case, sir. The State of Michigan, as is well
known, has a larger amount of coast than any
other State in the Union. There are some thirteen
hundred miles of coast, and the traffic isenormous.
It was stated the other day what an immense
amount of commerce passed around the State of
Michigan; it is enormous. What is called the
graveyard of commerce on those lakes is the west-
ern border of Michigan. It is near this point
where we desire to establish this court. The pres-
ent court at Detroit is occupied very much with
civil business, very much with admiralty busi-
ness. The court is literally crowded with the
amount of business before it. The Legislature
has asked, I believe unanimously, for this meas-
ure; the members from the State arc unanimously
in favor of it; and I believe the bill is just, and
ought to pass, and I hope it will pass. I do not
wish to occupy the time of the Senate. I trust
Senators will see the piopiiety of passing the
bill.
Mr. POWELL. I am decidedly of opinion
that this bill should pass. It is well known that
the people of a portion of the State of Michigan
are laboring under very great inconvenience m
consequence of their State not being divided into
two judicial districts. There are parts of that
State, within my knowledge, where, at certain
seasons of the year, men have to travel hundreds
of miles to reach a court. I have tiavelcd some-
what through that State, and know this to be the
fact. There arc no conveyances to take them to
their capital. From some parts of the State, at
• some seasons of the year, they have to go on snow
shoes to reach the capital. There are many States
in the Union divided into two judicial districts,
the people of which do not labor under half the geo-
graphical inconveniences of the people of Michi-
gan. I think it is but a matter of common justice
and right to the people of Michigan that their
State should be divided into two judicial districts.
I hope, therefore, the bill will pass. I advocated
it before the committee, and it gives me great
pleasure to vote for it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish simply to say that
I have voted steadily against every bill of this
kind that has come up since I have been m Con-
gicss. f voted against the bill to divide the State
 >f Missouri into two districts, and I believe ex-
perience has proved that two couits were not ne-
t^ssaiy in that State. I voted against the bill to
divide the State of Illinois into two districts, and
1 had no idea then, and have none now, that theie
was business enough to render it advisable to have
two sets of ofliceis for the United States courts in
Illinois, two judges, two maishals, two cleiks,
Ac. For that reason, and because my opinion has
always been that the dividingofStatesinto judicial
districts was rather a matter to make offices than
to subserve any other purpose, and from my
knowledge of ami long practice in the distjict
courts of the United States, 1 cannot conceive
how it is possible that the maritime business and
the business peculiar to the United States courts
in the State of Michigan should require anything
like another court in that State.
Besides, there does not seem to be proper in-
formation before the Senate on this subject. There
ih no statement of the state of the docket of the
present court, of the quantity of business done,of
i be number of days the court is held, of the num-
ber of its terms, or anything of that description.
Statistics should al ways be furnished in such oases,
at least to show the nature of the business that is
done and the extent of it. Take the city of New
York; and I will venture to say that the district
court in that city has four times the amount of
business that there is in the United States court
in the whole State of Michigan. It "must be so
from the nature of the case, and the nature of the
business, and yet one district court suffices in New
York city. I think if we go on making courts
in this way there will be no possible end to it.
Every State which seems to be large in its terri-
tory will be for having two judges and two sets
of officers of every description connected with the
United States courts.
•VIr. POSTER- And tho^e States that hsw
two districts are asking for three, like Pennsyl-
vania and New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have heard of that.
We cannot grant these applications.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate on this subject. I rise sim-
ply to say that I hope the Senate will pass the
bill. I sincerely believe that it is necessary, and
that its necessity arises out of the very great ex-
tent of territory embraced within the limits of the
State of Michigan, and from the vast commercial
interest connected with it, and connected with the
admiralty jurisdiction of the courts. I take it that
my friends from the New England States would
feel somewhat differently if they had a measute
of this soit pending before the St nate. It is very
true that we are bone of their bone and flesh of
their flesh, but they must also recollect thatwe
are approaching towards our manhood, and that
we shall not forever be entirely content to be used
in their leading-strings, if I may be allowed that
expression. The State of Michigan is larger than
all the New England States put together; it has
more sea coast (for I may apply that term to the
lake coast) than all New England, and J do not
know but double the amount of sea coast; and the
amount of our admiralty business is perpetually
increasing, especially on Lake Michigan, over
whose waters pass annually vast untold quantities
of the products of the West—wheat and corn and
pork and beef, and all the products of the great
and flourishing and fertile Northwest.
There is another consideration, Mr. President,
connected with this matter. Itis not exactly fair
to subject all the persons who may happen to be
served with process in the remote parts of that
State to the expense and trouble of goin£ to De-
troit to make their appearance, and to pay for
witnesses who are compelled to go there a thou-
sand miles off. I submit, these matters to the Sen-
ate without wishing to take up time.
I entirely repudiate the idea that there is any
particular piinciple that can be laid down in re-
gard to such cases as this. It is undoubtedly the
duty of Congress, and the Senate and Congress
will be willing to meet that duty, to providecourts
for the convenience and the accommodation of the
people of the States, wherever there are people;
and they cannot, they will not be governed by a
narrow policy which assumes in limine that be-
cause a State is broad and large, expansive in its
territorial limits, therefore it needs but one judi-
cial district. I ask Senators whether it is entirely
a reasonable view to take of such a question, no
matter whether the question applies to my own
State or any of the western States, the expansive
western States. We must have contenicntcourts
for the transaction of our business; we are as
much entitled to these benefits as are all the older
States of the Union. We do not ask for any par-
ticular advantage. We have not been very im-
modest in our demands upon our friends from the
old States, but we nsk them for simple justice.
We ask them to treat us as they would have us
treat them when their necessities come before us.
That is all we ask,and we think that is reasonable.
Mi.GRIMES. There is some foico in theai-
gument of the Senator from Michigan, that one
portion of the State of Michigan is inaccessible
fioin the other; hut it occurs to me that in Older
to remedy that difficulty this second court ought
to be held at Copper I lai bor, rather than at Grand
Rapids, because Grand Rapids and Detroit are
comparatively in close proximity to each other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Within ten hours by rail-
load.
Mr. HOWARD. So are Boston and New
York.
Mr. GitlMES. But the argument of the Sen-
ator is that a part of the State of Michigan is in-
accessible to the court nt Detroit. If that is the
argument the new court ought to be placed in that
portion of the State which is thus inaccessible,
and that poitionis the upper peninsula. I would
therefoie suggest to the Senator that it be changed
to Copper Harbor, or some point in that part of
-flihe State.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite clear that the Sen-
ator from Iowa does not undeistand exactly the
provisions of the bill. The division of the State
is this? a line running from about the center of
the southern boundarj'of tlie State, almost directly
north to the straits of Mackinaw, and from that
dirpetion across the strnits of Mackinaw over into
what is called the county of Delta, which is on the
northwest side of Lake Michigan; and this dis-
trict does not include any part of the upper pen-
insula, any part of the Lake Superior peninsula,
but simply the whole of the western part of the
lower peninsula of Michigan, and the whole of
the waters of Lake Michigan lying west of that
State, and extending also across the lake into what
is called the county of Delta on the northwest
corner of Lake Michigan, in such a way as to give
to this court the whole admiralty jurisdiction aris-
ing upon Lake Michigan, and including all the
commerce which shall be passing between the
States of Illinois and Wisconsin and Michigan,
giving the admiralty jurisdiction on that lake in
reference to those three States to this new court.
All the rest of the State remains precisely as it
was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to say one word
to my friend from Michigan. If he will convince
me of the necessity of the thing, I will give him
quite as liberal a vote as he has any right to ex-
pect. He assumes m his reply to gentlemen of
the old States, to which he refers, that they are
perfectly convinced of the necessity, but willfully
refuse to grant accommodations which are abso-
lutely required. Now, 1 submit to his candor
whether that is a fair way of arguing.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 be^ to say that I have made
no such assumption. The Senator from Maine,
if he has any recollection of my language, cer-
tainly cannot draw such an inference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood my friend
simply to say this: why should these gentlemen
from the old States refuse to yield to oui neces-
sity, and why should they not give us what is
necessary ?
Mr. HOWARD. But that is not the point ex-
actly. I did not pretend that you saw the neces-
sity. What I assumed was, that I saw the ne-
cessity, and my State saw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But in oider that f should
act in the same way, it is necessary, also, that I
shouldsee the necessity. Now, how docs the mat-
ter stand? Here is the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom this bill was referred, reporting
against it. The committee of the Senate, to
whom all such questions go, who examine the
question of necessity, or are supposed to examine
it thoroughly, have acted upon this bill, and have
decided that it is not necessary and not advisable
that there should be two United States district
courts in Michigan. That ordinarily is presumed
to be something in favor of a particular line of
action. What the Senators from Michigan ask
is, that we shall overthrow the d< cision of the
Committee on the Judiciary who have examined
this question, thoughtupon it,and reported on it,
and coincide with their views of the necessity.
Is it not somewhat to be presumed that the Sen-
ators from Michigan, in arguing their own case,
may be a little influenced by their own feelings?
They are certainly not quite so unprejudiced
j judges as the Committee on the Judiciary, to
j whom the Senate submitted the question; and
j therefore, when those who are not on the Com-
' mittee on the Judiciary, but are .simply called to
hear and decide, are requested to take the state-
ments and views of the Senators from Michigan
because they see the necessity, I think we have a
right to inquire something about what the decis-
ion of the tribunal was which we ourselves have
constituted to investigate the matier; and we are
hardly to be accused of a want of liberality and
of generosity; and tins charge, which is reiterated
with regard to the old States not giving the new
ones what they really want, is haidly applicable
to the case at present.
Now, sir, in repaid to this matter, I ready think
that before the Senate shall be called upon to grant
this application we should know something of the
business of the piesent couit. We are pretty
much all lawyers, and can judge of such matters.
We should know something about what is the
state of the docket and the nature of the busmess,
It is \ery clear that the question of territory and
inconvenience has no effect upon it; for, as I un-
derstand, the upper peninsula, of which we have
heard, is left with the Detroit distnct as befoie,
and does not come into the new district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not design reiterating
to-day the reasons why the committee thought
proper to report adversely upon this bill, which I
when th* hill was up before; but I do oh-
