1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jectthat upon almost every bill which is brought
into the Senate it should be deemed an argument
in favor of the bill to make an assault upon New
England particularly. What that has to do with
the passage of this bill I do not know. I am sorry
that the time has come when it is supposed 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Illinois
will allow me one word. I have made no assault
upon New England. The charge is entirely gra-
tuitous, and I repel it now, so that there shall be
no misapprehension about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator alluded to
New England by name in his remarks. The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] yesterday, in argu-
ing the necessity of a territorial government in
Arizona, took occasion, also, to refer to the op-
position of New England, when an actual count
showed that there were but three Senators from
New England who voted against the bill.
Mr. WADE. 1 am not aware of that state-
ment. Did I say any thing about New England ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood so.
Mr. WADE. 1 should like to see the report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has got to be a very
fashionable argument with our friends in the
Northwest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope my friend from
Ohio did not use such language. I certainly heard
a statement of that kind here, and I thought it
came from him.
Mr. WADE. You are mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know some Senators
around me had the yeas and nays callcd for the
purpose of showing that out of twelve New Eng-
land Senators, theie were only three who voted
against the organization of the Territory of Ari-
zona. I am sorry the time has come that it is
necessary to speak of the Senators from particu-
lar States, and to make an attack upon that region
of country in order to pass a bill. Sir, I have no
such feeling. I do not believe in these attacks
upon sections of the country. I think there is no
occasion for them; and I think they arc calculated
to get up ill feeling where kindness ought to pre-
vail. 1 do not know how Senators may vote from
one section of the country or from another; and I
do not think it has anything to do with the pas-
sage of this bill. The question is, whether we shall
adopt the policy—and the Senator from Michigan
says there is no principle in that—of establishing
United States courts wherever a particular local-
ity requests them. Where shall we stop? The
piinciple is, that you must have as many United
States courts,and itis the duty of Congress under
the Constitution to provide as many courts as is
necessary for tho adjudication of that particular
business which, by the Constitution of the United
Slates, is assigned to the courts of the United
States. That is the principle; and when you have
done that, it is a departure from the principle upon
which the Constitution was framed to establish
more courts in order to facilitate the convenience
of parties litigant, or to accommodate particular
localities.
Thcr*-; has been no showing that the causes pe-
culiarly belonging to the United States jurisdic-
tion cannot all be tried in the courts already es-
tablished by the United States in Michigan. There
has been no statement showing that the United
States district court cannot do the whole business
of that State; but we are told that there is no court
over on the west side of the State, and that Lake
Michigan is on that side. That is all true; and
the Senator tells us of the great commerce between
Michigan and Illinois and Wisconsin. Well, there
aie cuuits in Illinois and Wisconsin: and so far
as United States causes are concerned they can
be just as well adjudicated at Milwaukee or at
Chicago as they can at Grand Rapids. The juris-
diction of the United States courts is not to be
limited by State lines. They are intended for the
adjudication of cases where from some local causes
it may be supposed that citizens outside of the
particular locality would have a prejudice to con-
tend against if they sued in the State comts. So
far as the commerce upon Lake Michigan is con-
cerned, there arc two United States courts upon
the banks of that lake, and now they wanta third;
and they want this court, too, at a place that is
within direct railroad communication with the
place of holding the United States courts in that
State at this time. I say to you if this bill passes,
applications from the State of Indiana, with nearly
twice the population of the State of Michigan,
from the State of Iowa, from the Stale of Wis-
consin, and from other States, will be pressed
upon you, and you must go on multiplying these
courts and the expenses of the Government until
the business which shall be in the Supreme Court
of the United States will so accumulate as really
to amount to a denial of justice. I stated when
this bill was up the other day, that a cause is not
reached for two years in the Supreme Court of
the United States, and the more you multiply
these district courts the more business you will
have in them. If you had a United States court
in every county you would have more or less
business. There has been no showing to demand
the establishment of this court.
Mr. HOWARD. It is very true that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have not been able to refer
this matter, in the formal mode that is practiced
in courts of justice, to a master in chancery to
take an account of ihe number of cases which
have been tried in the district court in Michigan
for the last ten or fifteen or twenty years; and
such a proceeding is not very practicable. I beg
to repeat, however, what I said the oth,er day,
that I know, as a practitioner in the district court
and in the circuit court of my State, that the dock-
et is heavily crowded, and that the district judge
that transacts most of the business of both of
those courts is overwhelmed with judicial labors.
He finds it neccssary to employ the whole of his
time, from the beginning to the end of the year,
in the disposition of cases; and they very often
accumulate upon his hands to a degree that ren-
ders it extremely embarrassing for parties litigant
in court. We want another court for the trans-
action of business, and we want it with a view to
the convenience of the people of the State; and I
do think, I must be allowed to say, that it is not
entirely kind in Senators here to fling upon my
State, and upon myself and my colleague, the
imputation that the great motive for the creation
of this court is the appointment of another judge
and another marshal. Why, sir, the same re-
proach would exist against every bill for the cre-
ation of a new court in a State, or in a Territory,
or anywhere else. It is one of those means, I am
quite aware, however, which are resorted to for
the mere purpose of throwing odium on a bill,
and rendering it an object of suspicion to other
Senators. In this case there is no just ground for
any such imputation. We simply want another
court, another clerk,and another marshal for the
public convenience; and I take it that that is the
only true policy that can be adopted by Con-
gress in reference to the creation of courts. We
must create courts for the dispatch of judicial
business; and if we must have courts and addi-
tional courts, we must have additional judges and
additional clerks and marshals. I will not further
consume the time of the Senate. I trust the bill
will pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
tukeuj resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEaS—Mcs.&rs. Carhlr, Chandler, Davi>, Dixon, Foot,
Harding, [lailan, Henderson, llowaid, Howe, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Latham, Ne^mith, Pow-
ell, Uice, Riehard.-on, Sherman. Puinnei, Turpie, Wade
Wiiiey. Wiiinot, and Wilson of Missouri—2.3.
NAYiS—Meters. Arnold, Clark, Collamei, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Harris, Moirill, Ten Ejck, Trumbull, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—11.
So the bill was passed.
CONDITION OF PRISONEKS' RELEASE.
Mi. POWELL. I desire to notify the Senate
that on Monday, or some early day next week,
I shall offer a resolution asking for a committee to
investigate the conduct of General Gilbert, who,
in command of United States forces, dispersed a
body of peaceful citizens of Kentucky, assembled
at the capital of that State for the purpose of nom-
inating candidates for Governor and other State
officers. I now offer the following resolution in
conformity to notice which I gave yesterday:
Resolved, That a committee o( three be appointed to in-
vestigate the faets m iCfeiriKM? to the arrest, imprisonment,
and release of I). A. Mahonv and A 0. Shewaid, of Iowa,
and J. U. Mnlkev and Andicw D. Duff, of Illinois, and
that ! iud committee have power to send lor pei«on;> and pa-
pers, to examine witncs^e* on oath, and to administer oaihs
to said witnesses, and thai said committee icport.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I object to
the consideration of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will He over
under the rules.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move now to take
up the bill (S. No. 435) to promote the construc-
tion of railroads and telegraphs in the State of
Kansas, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole; the question pending being on tSjfe
amendment, in the form of a substitute, reported
by the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. FOSTER. As in about two minutes the
bill will have to be laid aside, in order to take up
the unfinished business of yesterday, 1 ask the
Senator from Kansas if he will not give-way to
allow me to move to take up a little pension bill
of three or four lines that will not, as I believe,
occupy the time beyond one o'clock.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. . This bill has here-
tofore been before the Senate, when it was read,
and laid aside informally. It will not now take
more than five minutes to dispose of the bill, and
at one o'clock I shall ask the Senate to lay aside
the special order for the purpose of allowing us
to dispose of this bill. 1 should be glad to ac-
commodate the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I only made the suggestion be-
cause I supposed the Senator from Illinois would
insist on the unfinished business coming up at
one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment reported by the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad as a substitute for
the original bill.
Mr.POMEROY. I wish to submit some amend-
ments, which have been agreed to by the Commit-
tee on PublicLands, and to which I suppose there
will be no objection. Every member of the com-
mittee has agreed to them.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe the amendments
now suggested by the Senator from Kansas are
intended to be offered to the amendment of the
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands thattheamendmentsof theSenatorfrom
Kansas are to the amendment in the form of a sub-
stitute reported by the committee. The morning
hour having expired, however, it isincumbenton
the Chair to call up for consideration the special
order of the day, being the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 362) to
provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others and to authorize the judges of the United
States courts to take bail or recognizances to se-
cure the trial of the same.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
the special order for a few moments until we can
finish the Kansas bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to have
it postponed. If a vote was being taken, I would
not object to the vote being finished on a propo-
sition that was pending; but I cannot yield toal-
I low any other bill to be considered.
I Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This bill has to go to
| the House of Representatives, and time is of the
I greatest importance. It will excite no discussion
whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are going to vote I
do not object to laying aside the special order in-
formally for that purpose. If the Senate is ready
to vote, I am willing to lay aside the special order
informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent, the special order can be temporarily
passed over; but to postpone it with a view to
proceed to the consiueiation of another bill must
be by vote of a majority of the Senate. Is there
any objection to the temporary suspension of tho
special order for the purpose of proceeding with
the consideration of the bill indicated by the Sen-
ator from Kansas? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and that bill continues before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. The amendments of
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomerot] will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
to stiike out all after the word "construction,"
in the fourth line of the first section of the pro-
posed substitute, down to the word " branches,"
m line seventeen, being the words which describe
the roads proposed to be constructed, and in lieu
of them to insert: ,
First, of a road and telegraph from the city of Leaven-
wortli, by the way of the town of Lawrence, and via the
Ohio City crossing of die Osage river, to the southern line
