220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
encc to this question of slavery in connection with
this rebellion.
That these gentlemen donotrepresentthesentj-
ments of the people of New Jersey now, in their
views with regard to slavery, I hope and believe;
tfut if they do, I can only sny that such senti-
ments are not m unison with the traditions, the
teachings, of the early history of our State. The
history of New Jersey in connection with sla-
very is, I think, a beautiful one; and its record is
so fair and so pure that it is deeply to be regretted
that anything should now occur to blot or deface it.
NewJersey has, from the earliest period of her his-
tory, been an anti-slavery State. It was remarked
by the Scotch historian, Graham, that slavery
never existed in so mild a form as it did in our
State during its colonial history. Slavery was
forced upon New Jersey, as it was forced into the
other colonies, by the mother country. One of
the first instructions that was ever given to Lord
Cornbury, our first royal Governor, was, that
every means should bo taken to facilitate the oper-
ations of the African Slave Company.
In the Convention that formed the Constitution
of the United States, New Jersey was represented
by as able a body of men a a were to bo found in
that assembly, headed by Judge Paterson, who
for many years subsequent to the adoption of the
Constitution graced and adorned the bench of the
Supreme Court of iho United States; and by the
celebrated Dr. Witherspoon, whose fame was
not confined to this hemisphere, and who, in be-
coming an American citizen, became,in the truest
sense of the word, an American patriot.
The New Jersey delegates in that Convention
voted throughout against every concession made
to slavery. They did it upon principle and upon
conviction. They voted against slave represent-
ation. Judge Paterson made one of the ablest
speeches that was made upon that question. lie
took the gtoum! that if slaves vvcie propeity, as
they were claimed to be by the South, then slaves
had no more right to be represented 111 Congress
than any other species of pioperty. They op-
posed the continuance of the African slave trade.
They never would consent, by their vote to pro-
long that infamoustraificfora day or for an hour.
That was the course they pursued in the Con-
vention. They were overruled by their sister
Stales; but they acquiesced in tin; compromises
of the Constitution, and front that day to this
New Jersey has been one of the most conserva-
tive States in the Union. While opposed to these
concessions in favor of slavery, New Jersey has
ever been ready to stand by the compromises of
the Constitution; and she has ever set her face
against every attempt to interfere with slavery,
directly or indirectly, in those States where it ex-
isted by law. I have never known an abolitionist
in the State of l\\:w Jersey. There may have
been such, but 1 have never met with them. And
yet she has always been an anti-slavery Slate;
her ixntimclH on that subject has always been
declared until now in a way not to b* mistaken.
When Missouri applied for admission into the
Union s a slave State, New Jersey took the lead
in resisting her application. The first meeting
that was ever held in opposition to the admission
of Missouii was held in the city of Trenton, and
it was attended by both political paities. Demo-
crats and Federalists vied with each other in their
zeal and in their detei initiation to oppose the ad-
mission into the Union of another slave State.
That, meeting was followed by meetings in Phila-
delphia, ami m Boston, and m New Yo.k, and
even in Baltimore, where a meeting was heid , pre-
sided over by the mayor of the city, v. hi eh adopted
similar resolutions. The Legislating of ?se\v
Jersey soon convened. That L-ei^latutv with
entire unanimity parsed a series of i evolutions de-
claring their unalterable hostility to the admission
of any new slave State into tins Uni"n; and tiioje
resolutions were followed by the adoption of .sim-
ilar resolutions m almost evesy one of the free
State-?, dochuing that under no circumstances
would they ever consent to the admission of an-
other slave State into this Union. Rut notwith-
standing all this, Missouri was admitted into the
Union as a slave State, and New Jersey again
acquiesced.
fchr, in 1850, New Jersey, although reluctantly,
acquiesced in the compromise measures which
weto then adopted, the fugitive slave law and all,
although drugged, as that measure was, so as to
make it as offensive and distasteful as possible.
She accepted them as a compromise for the sake
of peace, and for the sake of the Union.
And yet, Mr, President, there is a party now
in the State of New Jersey who seem to me to
embrace every opportunity of declaring them-
selves the apologists of slavery, and who, so far as
you can judge from their public resolutions and
declarations, are wholly unwilling that slavery
should be interfered with in the slightest degree,
even although such interference may be absolutely
necessary in order to subdue this wicked rebellion.
Nov/, sir, I am not an abolitionist; I never have
had any sympathy with that party who call them-
selves abolitionists.
The distinction which separates the abolition-
ist from the Republican in my estimation is this:
the abolitionist makes the destruction of slavery
the end; we make it the means to an end. We
go for preserving the Union at all hazards, let it
cost what it may; the abolitionist goes for the
destruction of slavery, no matter what the conse-
quences of such destruction may be. The lan-
guage of the President with, regard to this matter is
the language upon which wo arc willing to stand
or fall. If" the destruction of slavery js the only
means of saving the Union, we are for destroying
slavery; but if the destruction of slavery would
invohe the destruction of the Union, we cue op-
posed to it. While 1 look upon slavery as bning
a great social, political, and moral evil, yet it is
not the only evil that o::ists, and the destruction
of the Union would involve evils infinitely moie
serious than those which are connected with sla-
very; and therefore if 1 supposed that the best
means of preset vug this Union wa.? to suffer sla-
\ery to exist, [should be the Jastnrm m the world
to interfere with it dnectly or indirectly.
Mr. President, 1 have faith in the issue of this
great struggle in whiih we are engaged, and never,
during the darke&t hour which has marked its
progiey.-j, bar my confidence ever for one moment
abated. Sir, if I supposed it was possible that
this country was doomed to perish in this strug-
gle, I should begin to lose my confidence in the
existence of a power which superintends and pre-
sides over the destinies of the world. Thcic are
circumstances connected with our struggle here
which remind us very forcibly ofthe struggle that
took place in England moie than two centuries
ago. That was a stiuggle against royalty; this
is a struggle against slavery; ana, sir, there arc
some sinking circumstances-; of resemblance be-
tween thctwo; for history is always reproducing
itself.
The object of those who were strugglingfor lib-
erty in England was to confine the royal power
within constitutional bounds, just as the object
which the Republican party in this country have
had is to confine slavery within constitutional
bounds. We never \vre disposed to interfere with
it in the Slater whet e it uxisird, but we always de-
sired to confine it w jtinn those bounds allotted to it
by the Constitution • That with the progress of the
civil war in Eagkuul ii became perfectly manifest
that it \ as necessary to do something more than to
confine die royal authoiity within constitutional
bounds, fn order to preserve the liberties of the
people, it became necessary to destroy it altogether.
No peace could he made with it; the wounds of
deadly hate had pierce.1 so deep that no true rec-
oncilement could he hop^d for. And, sir, with us
it looks as ii' this nowei of .slavciy, which at fiist
' it wan only intended to con fine v/ithm its constitu-
i tionnl bounds, vnll have to be treated as the power
; of royalty was treated in England.
i There were, during that struggle in England,
■ dark and dreary days, when almost every man
: war; ready to despair. And yet there were always
■ noble, trusting spirits, who never abated one jot
■ of heart or hone. Among these was one whose
1 name every loveroffreedom as well as every lover
, ofseniusv illalwaysdelightiohonoi. ImeanJohn
I Milton. While there were those who argued that
i the state of tlnngs in England betokened degen-
; eracy and decay, Milton declared that they were
; but casting oil'the o!d and wrinkled skin of cor-
! ruption and sKveiy; that th^y were destined to
j outlive these pangs,and to wax young again, en-
| tering upon a glorious career of tiuth and pros-
i perous \irtuc: and then he breaks out into that
| sublime and glorious passage which I have so
! often called to mind,and loved to repeat,asnot in-
' applicable to our own condition. "Mcthinks,"
said he, " I see in my mind a noble and puissant
nation rousing herself like a strong man after
sleep,and shaking herinvmcible locks. Mcthinks
I see her as an eagle mewing her mighty youth,
and kindling her undazzled eyes at the full mid-
day beam; purging" and unsealing her long abused
sight at the fountain itself of heavenly radiance;
while the whole noise of timorous and flocking
birds, with those also that love the twilight, flutter
about, amazed at what she means, and in their
envious gabble prognosticate a year of sects and
schisms."
Mr. President, this glorious Union, this noble
Constitution, will not be destroyed. We shall
emerge from this contest—I know it, I believe it—
we shallemerge from this contest a purer, a nobler,
a freer, a more united, a more happy people than
we ever were before. I rcjoicc that this conflict
has come. It must have come sooner or later,
and it never could have come atabetter time than
this. I believe most religiously that thc# very
disasters and reverses we have sustained in the
progress of this contest have been sent by a mer-
ciful Piovidence for ourgood, and are intended to
render the victory when it comes more lasting,
more thorough,and more complete. Oh, what a
noble contest is that in which we are engaged!
No muse of fire that ever ascended the highest
heaven of invention can imagine anything- more
grand or more august. It is a contest for law, for
order, for civilization, for Christi mity, for free in-
stitutions hero and everywhere, now and forever.
Let this expeiiment of free government fail, and
when may we ever hope that another shall be
-successful ?
Mr. President, v/e cannot fail. There is no
instance in the history of the world of a nation
being suffered to perish in its fresh and early youth.
Nations have usen and matured and decayed, but
no nation hke ours has ever been suffered to perish
in the morning of its life. To use the beautiful
imagery of the Bible, our sun will not be per-
mitted to go down while it is yet day; we shall
continue to be a beacon light to illumine the na-
tions of the world, and to bcckon them on in their
path to freedom.
LETTERS OF MARQUE.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders
be suspended, in order to take up Senate bill No.
393.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 393)
concerning letters of marque, prizes, and prize
goods.
Mr. GPJMES. 1 ask for the reading of the bill,
as it has not been before the Senate since the last
session of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read as
it has been amended.
The Secretary read the bid.
Mr. HALE. Has that ever been printed as it
stands5
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not.
Mr. MALE. It is a bill of some consequence,
and I hardly think that the Senate are ready to
pass upon it at this moment. I move that it be
postponed until to-morrow, and that the bill and
the amendments be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I will also ask whether the
bill has ever been referred to a committee?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 really cannot sny. The sub-
ject was before the Senate at its last session upon
certainly two days. Whether if has been to a
committee or not, 1 realty cannot tell. i. can say
this: that it has met with as much consideration,
I think, as almost any bill thar has been before a
committee; it underwent the examination and met
the approval of several of the members ofthe Sen-
ate who pay particular attention to foreign affairs
and nautical questions.
Mr. KALE. My motion is <hat the bill be
postponed until to-moriow, and that the bill and
amendments be minted.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better be re-
ferred to a committee.
Mr. EESSENDEN. TTas it not been?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
referred to a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be ref-rred to
the Comnufee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of any
commerce belonging to the rebellious States that
is to be depredated upon; end I do not know what
