222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
of annual expense. I believe it would be best for
the Army to make this consolidation. Many of
our old regiments have not in the field now more
than three or four hundred effective men; and
every regiment, in order to be what itoughttobe,
should have at least one thousand men. I will
say to the Senator that I am in favor of the con-
solidation, and I think a practicable mode can be
adopted for that purpose; and I think the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will early address them-
selves to that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend will
allow me to make a further suggestion; and that
is, that, at the time they take that subject into
consideration, they will also consider the ques-
tion of brigading the regiments from the several
States together. Upon that, I do not wish now
to ^express any opinion; but I hope the subject
will be considered.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. "WADE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 7, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal ofyestcrday was read and approved.
UNITED STATES AGENT AT MONROVIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of December 19, 1862,
transmitting copies of all reports received from
Rev. John Seyes, United States agent at Mon-
rovia, for liberated Africans; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. WOOD asked and obtained leave to have
his vote lecoided in the negative on the passage
of tho Army appropriation bill.
Messrs. ED WARDS, PATTON, and MOOR-
HEAD severally asked and obtained leave to
have their respective votes recorded in the affirm-
ative on the passage of the Missouri emancipa-
tion bill.
CALL OP COMMITTEES.
Tho SPEAKER stated the business in order
to be the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on Military Affairs.
nOM(EOPATHIC PRACTICE IN THE ARMY.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee on Militaiy
Affairs, reported buck a petition from citizens of
Chester county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress
to provide some measure for the introduction of
the homceopathic practice of medicine in thcArmy;
and asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that the
petition be laid upon the table. tr-
It was so ordered.
REBEL CONTRIBUTIONS.
Mr. OLIN also, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition of citizens of Lawrence
county, Ohio, praying Congress to pass a law
levying contributions on the enemy, to aid in pay-
ing the expenses of suppressing the rebellion; and
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that the
petition be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
ARMY BAKERS.
Mr. OLIN also, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition of one hundred and four
In1 leers, employed by the Governmental the Army
bakery of the United States, for increase of wages;
and asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that the
petition be laid upon the table.
it was so ordered.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. EUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, moved that that committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
following cases, and that they be severally laid
upon the table; which motion was agreed to:
Resolution for having reported some mode by
which soldiers unfit for duty may be at once dis-
charged, and those in hospitals fit for duty at once
sent to their regiments.
Resolution of inquiry into the expediency of
providing for each incorporated college and uni-
versity in the United States a professor of military
science and tactics;
Resolution instructing inquiry into the expedi-
ency of appropriation for military roads from
Sioux City, Iowa, to Fort Randall, Dakota Terri-
tory, and Niobrara, Nebraska Territory, to Fort
Randall;
Resolution to inquire into the expediency of an
appropriation to complete the military road from
Walla-Walla to Fort Benton; and
Resolution to inquire whether any legislation is
necessary fo secure the more promptexamination
of sick and disabled soldiers.
SOLDIERS IN HOSPITAL.
Mr. McPHERSON, from the same committee,
moved that it be discharged fiom the further con-
sideration of the petition of citizens of Hagers-
town, Maryland, in relation to the care of soldiers
in hospital, and that it be laid upon the table;
which motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER SEAMEN.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back House joint resolution
No.122, requiring theestiruation ofseamen as well
as soldieis in the adjustment of quotas of volun-
teers; which was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON TIIE BANKS.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That five thousand extra copies of the report
of the Sceretaiv of the Ticasury on the condition ot tiic
banks be printed lot tho use of the members of this House.
ADVERSE COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back the following joint resolutions, with
the recommendation that they do pass; and the
same were severally ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, they were
accordingly lead the third time, and passed:
Joint resolution to confirm the adverse decision
of the Court of Claims in the case of Thomas B.
King;
Joint resolution to confirm the decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of Arthur Edwards
and others;
Joint resolution to confirm the decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of George Yates;
Joint resolution to confirm the decision of the
i Court of Claims in the case of J. W. Knaggs,
! administrator of Wetmore Knaggs; and
Joint resolution to confirm the decision of the
Court of Claims in the ease of Joshua Eddy's
heirs. ,
VOLUNTEERS BOUNTY, ETC.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, moved that that commit-
tee be discharged from the further consideration
of the following resolutions, and that they be laid
upon the table; which motion was agreed to:
Resolution toinquire whethcrfurtherlegislation
is necessary to insure bounty to the heirs of vol-
unteers killed m the service of the United States;
and
j Resolution relating to war claims at St. Louis.
| MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
; A message was received fiom tho Senate, by
; Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
j that that body had passed a bill of the following
; title, in which he was directed to ask ihe concur-
; re^ce of the House:
j An act (No. 427) for the relief of Charles Ander-
,! son, assignee of John James, of Texas.
MARINE CORrS.
d Mr. HICKMAN, by unaimons consent, intro-
duced a bill to further promote the efficiency of the
marine corps; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
TRANSFER OP BALANCES.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to make transfers of balances
in certain cases; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
EXPULSION OF THE JEWS.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
WhefPas, on the 17th day of December, 1862, Major Gen-
era] Grant, commanding the department of Tennessee,did
publish the following order, to wit:
Headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps,
Department of the Tennessee,
Oxford, Mississippi, December 17, 1862.
General Order No. 11 ]
The Jews, as a class, violating every regulation of trade
established by the Trcasuiy Department, also department
otdeis, aie hereby expelled from the department within
twenty-four horns from the receipt of this Older by post
commandeis.
They will see that all this class of people aie furnished
with passes and required to leave ; and any one returning
after such notification will be arrested and held in confine-
ment until an oppoituruty occurs of sending them out as
prisoners, unless luniished with peimits from these head-
quarters.
No passes will be given these people to visit headquar-
ters for the purpose ol making peisonal application for trade
peimits.
By oider of Major Gcueial Grant:
JOIJN A. RAWLINS, A. A. G.
Official—J. Lovell, Captain and A. A. G.
And m pursuance thereof did cause many peaceablecit-
izens of the United States, residents m said department, to
be expelled theiefiom within twenty-fourhour* without al-
legation of special misconduct on their part, and on no other
pioof than that they weie members ot a ecrtnht lehgious
denomination ; and whereas, the said Older, m its sweep-
ing condemnation of a whole class of citizens without dis
criminating between the guilty and the innocent, illegal
and unjust, and in its execution is tyiannical and cruel-
Theieiore,
Resolved, That the said order deserves the sternest con-
demnation of this House, and of the President as Com-
mandei-in-Ohief.
The previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question there were—ayej
28, noes 30, (no quorum voting.)
Mr. PENDLETON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Pendleton
and BurFiNTON7 were appointed.
The main question was not ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes 41, noes 60.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This resolution cen-
sures one of our best generals without a hearing,
and I move that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 5G, nays 53; as follows:
YEA?5—Aldnch, Baker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair. William G. Biovvn,
Onihnton, Bmtiham, Cliainbeilam, Claik, Frederick A.
Conkiing, Das k-. Dud I, Dunn, Ed w aids, Eliot, Elj, ron-
ton, Samuel C. lV-^enden, Fisher, Goneh, Hickman. Ilor-
ton, Hutching Julian, Francis W. Kfllogu, William Kel-
lo <r, Kilhnger, Lehman. Lovejny, McKean, McKnight,
McPiiersop, Maynaid, Mitchell, Momhead, Nivon, Noel!.
Olui, Patton, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward
H. Rollins Shrinks. Sheffield, Stevens, rtuatton, Francis
Thoma-j.Ti liable, Trowbi idge,Yerree,Washbui no, Wheel-
pi. and Wilson—.">0
NAYS—William Allen. Alley, Anconn, Biildle,
l>lak", Calveit, Coltax, tlo-coe ConkiinL', Convuu, Cox,
I'Unlap, Edgoiton. Thonm^ A. D. Fe^enden, Goodwill,
Gtangor, Haiirht. flail. Haulms, liolman, Johnson, Kerri-
gan, Knapp. Law, Lazear, Low. Mailoiy, Mcnzies, Mor-
ns Noble, Noiton. OdeJI, Pendleton. Puty, Price,TtuldlP,
Shi^l, William G. Steele.' Stiles. Brnj.unin F.
Thomn-. Yallandishani. Van Valkenhiuch, Vibbaid, Voor-
hee-. Walker. Wall, Web-tor. Wicklille, Windom, Wood,
Woodruff, Wotce-tei, and Yeanuin—03.
So the lesolution was laid upon the tabic.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
tahlt ; and also moved thut the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR GENERAL BUTLER.
Mr. HUTCHINS submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Rc-olvcd, That the thanks ot this House are hereby tend
cicd to Majot General Benjamin F. Butler lor hib energetic,
able, and humane administration during his command ot
the Department of the Gulf.
