1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
cessity exists, this is the proper remedy? If it be so, we
ought not to take alarm at a departure from principle which
is necessary for the preservation of the constitution itself."
Sir L. Parsons, opposing the bill, said:
"He thought the measure unnecessary. The executive
Government could resort to martial law, if it was necessary
to suppress rebellion."
Mr. Gray, opposing, said:
"It was better that the executive Government should
resort to what has been called (he thought not legally) its
prerogative of proclaiming maitial law. That was no pre-
rogative of the Crown, but rather an art of power, sanc-
tioned by necessity, martial law being a suspension of the
King's peace. Butit was better that martial law should pro-
ceed from the executive Government in urgent moments,
than be the work of the Legislature on every >lichtpietense."
In the rebellion in Ceylon, in 1848, the Gov-
ernor proclaimed martial law, and tried and exe-
cuted many rebels.
Mr. President, I have interrupted the Senator
from Kentucky to call his attention to some facts
in relation to what he is basing; his argument upon,
the precedents of English history. The truth
is that although Magna CharUi has always pro-
claimed since it was enacted that no person should
be arrested but by due process of law, yet when-
ever necessity has arisen in cases of invasion, in-
surrection, riot, revolution, the executive Govern-
ment, in the first instance, have exercised the right
to proclaim martial law.
If 1 am not interrupting the Senator from Ken-
tucky too much, I may be allowed to say one
woid" more. While I do not stand here to declare
that it is my settled conviction, beyond any doubt
in my own mind, that this power to suspend the
habeas cotyus or declare martial law is in the Ex-
ecutive, I say that there is one very strong argu-
ment to show that it ought to be in the Executive.
The Senator says that Congress ought to exercise
the power in each instance, not authorize the
President even to suspend it when he shall see the
necessity arising, but that in every instance Con-
gress must be assembled together and enact a law
to suspend it. Why, sir, suppose that these con-
spirators had carried out their project on the 4th
ofMarch, 1861, and had seized Washington, taken
possession of this Capitol before Mr. Lincoln
•could have been inaugurated, or after he was in-
augurated, and before Congress could have been
convened, how could your Congress have assem-
bled ? It is of necessity that the strong arm would
have to he exercised before Congress could meet.
But, Mr. President, I did not design to inter-
rupt the Senator from Kentucky to make a speech.
I simply rose to call hisattcntion to these facts in
English history bearing on this precise question.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think that the au-
thorities the gentleman has adduced have any bear-
ing on this point. The Senator must know—he
would not be so good a lawyer as he is if he did
not know—that, it has been held by the judicial
authorities of England, by Lord Loughborough,
in a case reported in 2 Ilenry Blackstone, that
since the Petition of Right and the Bill of Rights
no such thing as mart ml law could exist m the
British etnjme,and had not existed for one hun-
dred and fifty years pi lor to that decision. 1 have
heretofore made somewhat of an elaborate argu-
ment on that very point,and adduced the author-
ities fully sustaining that position.
The Senator from Wisconsin will allow me to
state, thatevery instance he lias adduced has been
an instance of the declaration of martial law in
the colonies or the dependencies of Great Britain.
The rule in the colonies and dependencies has
been very different from that which prevailed in
England proper. All the cases adduced by the
Senator are m the colonies. We know that they
have claimed the right there to exercise martial
law within the camps and within the lines, but
since the Petition and the Bill of Rights, the great-
est lawyers in England have held that there was
no authority in the Crown to declare martial law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky a single question.
Mr. POWELL. I have but a few minutes to
speak. { would rather be allowed to go through.
1 do not wish to be discourteous.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator says the
power to declare martial law and to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus is a thing within the lines of
our forces. I will ask the Senator, where is the
boundary of the lines of our forces, and who
judges where the boundary begins? Here we are
upon the Potomac. Where is the boundary of
the lines where martial law exists?
Mr. POWELL. The Senator greatly misun-
derstands me. i never said we had it within the
lines. 1 have attempted heretofore to demonstrate
that there was no power in this country to declare
martial law, and that you could not do it except
by overthrowing the Constitution. That is my
position.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow
me to get through. I said that many of the British
authorities claimed that they had the right there,
within their lines. I hold that there is no author-
ity in this Government to declare martial law. I
mean that martial law defined by the Duke of
Wellington, which was a suspension of ail law,
and setting up the will of the commander-in-chief.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Kentucky—I do so in all sincerity
—does he mean to say that within the lines of our
Army martial law cannot be proclaimed by the
co m ma nd er-i n -ch ief ?
Mr. POWELL. I do mean to say it. That
is the position I have heretofore taken and main-
tained.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Senator.
Mr. POWELL. And I am now ready and will-
ing to maintain it, and to adduce the authorities
on any proper occasion. You have no right to
declare martial law.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator make a dis-
tinction between military law and martial law?
Mi. POWELL. Certainly I do. I have de-
fined what 1 mean by martial law. It was that
which was defined by the Duke of Wellington,
setting up the "will of the commander-in-chief and
making that the law.
Mr. GRIMES. What is military law?
Mr. POWELL. Military law is the rules and
regulations established by Congiess for the reg-
ulation and governmentof your Army. In Great
Britain it is their mutiny nets which correspond
with our rules and articles of war. There is a very
great distinction between military and martial law.
Congress alone has the power to make laws for the
government of ourarmu;s,and that ismilitary law.
But martial law, as defined by the books, is where
the commander-in-chief sets up his will and makes
that the law. That description of martial law I
say cannot exist in this free country, except by the
overthrow of the Constitution. Thatis my posi-
tion. The Senator from Wisconsin will allow me
to say that 1 by no means attempted to assert that
they could exercise it in camps. I merely stated
that that had been the practice of British com-
manders on many occasions.
But if was not my purpose, Mr. President, to
discuss the subject of martial law particularly. I
wish very briefly to state some of the objections I
have to the first section of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois. I will read a
portion of that amendment:
That during the present rebellion, the President of the
United States, whenever m his judgment the public safety
may require it, is authorized to suspend, by proclamation,
the privileges of the writ of habeas coipus, in all cabes of
political olfen>es throughout the United States or any part
theieof. And whenever ami wlicicver the " ;nd privileges
shall be Mi^pended, as aforesaid, no military or other officer
shall be compelled, in answer to any wnt of habeas corpus,
to return the body of any person or persons detained by him
by authouty of the Pre-idunt; but upon the certificate, un-
der oath, ot the officer ha vine charge of any one so detained,
that such person is detained by him a* a political pn^oncr
oi as a puaoiier of war, under authouty of the Piesidont,
fin tlier proceedings under the writ of habeas corpus shall be
suspended by the judge or couit having issued the said writ
so long as said pioclamation shall remain in force and said
rebellion continue.
The point particularly to which I object in that
section is, that you cannot have the party relieved
from arrest and custody if he is held for a political
offense; and you authorize the President of the
United States to suspend the writ for political of-
fenses. Now, I ask Senators what they mean by
political offenses. Do they"mean any one who
opposes the policy of the present Executive?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator desire
an answer?
Mr. POWELL. When I get through I shall
be glad if the Senator will answer. I did not ask
the question with thv view to have it answered
now, for I should have been through a quarter of
an hour ago if I had not been interrupted. We
have no definition of " political offenses" on our
statute-books, j know that in many parts of our
country the President and the military authorities
have undertaken to arrest persons for political
offenses that are variant. Persons have been
arrested, conventions have been dispersed, when
they have met peacefully for the purpose of nom-
inating candidates. What do you define to be a
political offense ? You leave that to the discretion
of the President, He might suppose that any
person who thought fit to criticise his measures
of administrative policy was guilty of apolitical
offense. He might suppose that all those who
advocate the principles of the Democratic party,
or any other party that was in antagonism to the
Administration, were guilty of a political offense.
It is vague and indefinite, leaving it to the discre-
tion of the Executive, there being no known def-
inition of what is a political offense. What the
President might consider a political offense others
might consider a political virtue.
Allow me here, sir, to notice briefly what one
of the President's commanders in the field con-
sidered a political offense the other day in my own
State. There was called a convention of the Dem-
ocratic party, by its regularly organized executive
committee, to meet in the capital of that State on
the 18th day of the present month. They did as-
semble. Many of the counties of the State were
represented. They organized by electing a pres-
ident, and thereupon a Colonel Gilbert, at the head
of a large number of soldiers of the Army of the
United States, s-urrounded the convention hall,
entered it, and dispersed it; he would not allow
it to hold its sessions. What was the offense of
those people? This Colonel Gilbert is reported
by the telegraph, whether truly or falsely I do not
know, as having said that those gentlemen were
rebels, were traitors; and he- further added that
none but loyal men should stand for office in the
State of Kentucky, he himself judging of their
loyalty ! That was assumed to be a political
offense by this colonel. Now, sir, so far as the
charge of these persons being rebels is concerned,
I repudiate it; it is a false charge; it is a foul cal-
umny upon them, come from whence it may.
They were law-abiding citizens; they were peace-
able citizens. I grant you they wck-> opposed to
the policy of the President; and they met, as is
the tune-honored usage of that party before each
gubernatorial election, for the purpose of select-
ing candidates for Governor, Lieutenant Govern-
or, and all the State offices. They were forcibly
driven from their'hall by the military of the Uni-
ted States, and, if the telegraph reports it truly, the
commander foully slandered and basely aspersed
the characters of those gentlemen, for many of
them are known to me. The president of that
convention I know intimately. He never has
been connected with the rebellion in any way;
he is an honored citizen of Kentucky who once,
for a short time, occupied a scat in this Chamber,
and has for fifteen or twenty years been a mem-
ber of the Kentucky Legislature, has been its
speaker, and has been honored by an appoint-
ment as Governor of one of the Territoriesof the
United States.
Now, Mr. President, in order to vindicate my
fellow Democrats of Kentucky, who have been
foully aspersed and slandered by this satiap of
power, this man Gilbert—that is, always provided
that the charges in the telegram are true; I take
them as they have gone to the world, assailing
those gentlemen as traitors and rebels—I present
the proceedings of the preliminary meeting that
called the convention. They met in the capitol
of Kentucky on the 29th and 30th days of last
month. It was a large meeting, as I understand,
composed of the Democratic members of the Le-
gislature, and many of the distinguished citizens
of Kentucky not members of the Legislature.
They adopted there a preamble and resolutions
setting forth their faith, which I will send to the
Clerk to be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Proceedings of the Democratic Meeting held on the 29th and
30th of January.
At a meeting of the Democratic members of the Legis-
lature of Kentucky, and a large number of the Democracy
from various counties of the State, in the Senate Chamber
in the city of Frankfort, Thursday night, January 29,1863,
General William Johnson, of Scott, was called to the chaii,
and W P. 1). Bush, of Hancock, appointed secretary.
On motion, the following preamble and resolutions, of-
fered by Hon. A. P. Grnver in the Senate, and by VV. P. D.
Du&h in the House of Representatives, on the 19th instant,
were unanimously adopted as the sense of the meeting, to
wit:
In times of war, as in peace, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is the supreme Jaw of the land. It prescribes tho
powers of the Government in its executive no less than in
