224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7.
five years ago a period of commercial gloom and
daikncss passed suddenly over the land as an
eclipse passes over the sun, leaving blameless
and ruined enterprise prostrate in its wake. Men
failed then in great numbers, who not only did
not fail fraudulently, but who did not fail at all in
the ordinary commercial sense; and yet they were
hopelessly crippled. Thousands whose property
if convertible as in ordinary times, or convertible
at all, would have sustained their credit, or at least
protected their creditors, nevertheless went down,
most of them never to rise again, cxceptby some
measure of general relief. Many of them were
again struggling up, were pursuing a visible hopaof
retrieving their fortunes, when the rebellion broke
out, and gave them a final blow. Millions due to
the city of New York alone—§200,000,000 I think
—as well as millions upon millions duo to loyal
citizens throughout the country, were suddenly
and unexpectedly snatched from them; and thus
great interests of enterprise, already maimed and
weakened, relapsed into final prostration. When
rebellion raised its head, all enterprise shrunk
back, ventures of commerce were staggered and
intimidated; and hence not only the men who were
actually struck by secession, but those who were
indirectly prevented from entering into commer-
cial pursuits, or arrested where they were, fell back
into the paralysis to which the year 1857 had re-
duced them, and from which they might have re-
covered had not the disturbance of national affairs
overtaken them.
I am speaking thus far only of the voluntary
provisions of the bill—that is, the provision releas-
ing debtors—and perhaps I ought to stop here to
say to those who regard a bankrupt law as only
an insolvent law, that this is not an insolvent law,
not a law which proposes to discharge everybody
who owes anything. But speaking of the volun-
tary features, and admitting them to be for the
benefit of the debtor and not of the creditor, I say,
looking to the public interest, that perhaps now,
more than ever, all the energies of the country
should be free, all its dormant activity should be
aroused, all its prostrate interests should be raised
lip, all us fettered enterprise should be released.
The resources of the nation should be invigorated
and unlocked,even though individuals may be the
losers. It may be said that great numbers of the
unworthy and the dishonest will be let loose to
prey anew upon the commercial world, and that
in this way an unwholesome stimulus will be given
to motcantilc activity. No doubt this is true. A
vast number of men, without merit, without in-
tegrity, without good cause in morals, if not in
law, will shun the payment of their debts, and em-
bark again upon the sea of speculation. My an-
swer to this is the same made befoie to the same
proposition in another form. Whenever a sys-
tem of bankruptcy is inaugurated, and theie luiir-t
bo a beginning, it must be undertaken with a cci-
tain knowledge that in the shoal of men who rush
for relief there will be a large percentage desti-
tute of merit. This is inevitable; but I deny that
the percentage will be larger now thou ixt any other
time. On the contrary, 1 think, if it were worth
while, reasons could be given for the belief that
it would be less than ii might be hereafter.
It has been said, and made one of the objec-
tions to legislating upon the subject at present, that
rebel debtors owe loyal men enormous sums, and
that they may escape. Those who make this
suggestion have overlooked the provisions of the
bill, by which rebels, and all those who in any
way have given aid or comfort to unlawful dispu-
tation of the authority of the Government, are ox-
eluded from its benefits; and they also overlook
existing facts, and the peculiar circumstances of
the times. It is true that the Constitution requires
that all systems of bankruptcy shall be uniform,
yet it allows us to exclude rebels as a class, just
as we may constitutionally exclude infants', or
lunatics, or corporations, oi any other class of peo-
ple. Not only may we constitutionally exclude
them, but exclude them from the voluntary pro-
visions of the biil, while they are subjected to its
compulsoi y piovisions, as j think they should be.
Indeed, itmay be doubted whether even theUnion
men in the insurrectionary States would derive
much benefit from an act of this sortadopted now.
Should it be repealed as soon as the act of 1841
was, the chances arc that they would take but little
by it; their courts are not open, and the oppor-
tunity will notsuou exist fur theUnion men m the
insurrectionary States to make much headway in
obtaining legal discharge from their debts, fiut,
sir, I want to direct attention to the compulsory
features of the proposed statute, to its provisions
in aid of creditors. The opportunity is within our
grasp to arm the creditors of the loyal States with
process which will override the acts of rebel courts,
the doings of rebel legislatures, and the swindling
shifts of all sorts in the insurrectionary States, by
which traitors have beenskullcingfrorn their cred-
itors, or setting them at defiance, and by which
residents in the southern States are to continue to
defeat the collection of demands against them.
The opportunity exists to give loyal creditors pro-
cess which may go as fast as the Army shall go
into the domain of the rebellion, and lay hold of
the property, be it real or personal, of those who
have filched from the North untold millions of
money.
To illustrate: the Government has opened a
court upon a pretty large scale in the city of New
Orleans. A gentleman has gone there panoplied
with a large measure of judicial power and dis-
cretion. From a hasty glance at his published
commission, it would seem very unnecessary for
him, in the language of a great English judge, to
be "hungry aftcrjurisdiction;" his powers in that
respect seem ample as they stand. Doubtless he
is the forerunner of judicial reorganization and
restoration. Louisiana owes the North many mil-
lions. The land is there, crops are there, build-
ings and improvements are there, and if northern
creditors can lay hold of the property of their
debtors, large amounts can be collected.
Now suppose this bill were law. A district
judge in New Orleans can send his process, his
commissioners, and his assignees wherever the
army goes throughout his district, and this may
embrace several States, and would not the provis-
ions proposed be a potent instrumentality for good
for the benefit of creditors in the North ? Would
notcreditois avail themselves ofthem,and would
not a considerable installment of indebtedness be
saved? The House will judge what force there
may be in this; and be it more or less, inasmuch
as rebel debtors, not one of them, could avail him-
self of the provisions of the bill, it would, as far
as the Jesuit could be arrived at, be clear gam.
And so of each locality where, from time to time,
judicial restoration shall occur.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not know that I should occupy
the time of the House by going into detailed ex-
planation of the measure, as is customary in pre-
senting important bills. The committee was
awaie that the House, in ease a majority should
be found to favor a proposition of this sort, would
be compelled to rely to a considerable extent upon
the committee, and that gentlemen at large would
not feel it their duty, in a bill so voluminous as
this necessarily is, to examine it critically each
for himself, or even to act upon any explanatory
statement made upon the floor. Remembering
that the House would be compelled to lepose
upon the credit and assiduity of the committee
somewhatnure than m ordinaly eases, they weie
ciicumspect,and, I think I may say, more pains-
taking than ordmauly a committee would be ex-
pected to be; and I believe that the whale com-
mittee deem this biil in.thc main as good a basis
of action, peiluips, as could be leasonably ex-
pected. They believe that it is guarded, as far as
may be, against the escape of fraudulent debtors
who seek a discharge. They believe that it is
guarded, as far as may be, so as to enable creditors
to apply the test of solvency to all trader owing
them whose circumstanccs become dangerously
embaria&sed. They believe it will cut up pre-
vailing systems of preferential assignments and
fraudulent transfers, and the various contrivances
by which tiiemore unscrupulouscreditorsnatches
the estate of the debtor, to the exclusion of all
otheis. They believe it is so guarded as to debar
from its voluntary provisions all the outlaws in
the country. They believe that its compulsory
provisions are nev  riheless leveled effectually at
all men who are insolvent debtors indiscrimin-
ately, whether they be rebels or not. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow
me a few moments:
Mr. R.03C0E CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose the purpose is to ]
have a vote on the bill, and I am willing that it !
shall be so. I do not wish to discuss the merits  
of this bill, although I think justice and human- 1
ity require it should become a 4a w; but I want
to* remind the gentleman of this fact, that there
were about one fourth more failures in 38G1 than
there were in 1S57, while the liabilities aie much
less. That seems to me to be a fact which ought
to be before our minds in deciding how we will
vote upon this question. We relieve now nearly
one fourth more than we should have done in the
crash of 1857, while the liabilities are only about
one half.
As to the theory of bankruptcy, I think the
general principle ofholding these creditors under
these disabilities is very much like thatof the old '
practice of putting a man in jail to make him pay
his debts, Among the recollections of my child-
hood is the case of a shoemaker who used io come
to my father's house to do up the work of St.
Crispin twice a year. Failing at one time to meet
his engagement, I inquired the reason why lie
failed to make his usual appearance, and ho said
that he hnd been put in jail because he could not
pay his debts. It is on that principle precisely
that we keep a man under the hopeless liability of
these obligations—demanding payment, we make
it impossible to pay. It is like fettering a man
and requiring him to run. Somewhat further back
in the history of the world the creditor seized his
debtor by the throat, saying, " pay me that thou
owest,"and sold his wife and cluldien to liquidate
his claim, and then thrust him into prison and
said to him, " thou shaltnot come out thence till
thou hast paid the uttermost fat thing." This is at
once impolitic, unjust, and inhumane. There is
a vast amount of business talent, enterprise, and
commercial integrity throughout the country that
maybe said, m some sort, to be imprisoned. As
this is a year of jubilee to those literally enslaved,
so let it be signalized by the disinthiallment of
I those who areentangled by pecuniary obligations.
' It is but simple justice to those who are thus suf-
| ftrmg, and also to the country, which needs the
I aid of all its citizens.
} I would like to show how this law would tend
' to restrict ciedit, both as to amount and time, and
, thus prove a blessing to the country: for I hold
| that large and long credits, originating in the in-
herently vicious system of banking, is detrimental
to the public weal. But I will not trespass longer
on the gentleman's tune.
Mr. HOSCOE CONKLING. I am very much
obliged to the gentleman from Illinois; he suggests
to me a remaiiv which I intended to make. I have
often heard H said, and I believe there is a meas-
uie of truth in it, that the same men who are bank-
rupt ata given tune will be very likely to be bank-
rupt again, and that many once discharged will ask
to be discharged again. The committee, m view
of the danger of repetitions, faihues, and dis-
charges, m case of the same person, have provided,
as the 1 louse may have observed, that any man
who has been once discharged as a bankiupt shall
not be discharged a second time, if more than a
fourth of his creditors object, unless the estate is
sufficiently large to pay a fixed percentage, 1 think
of sevf nty per cent., upon the entire indebtedness,
and a thud discharge is impossible except upon
payment m full of all debts preceding th-- previous
discharge. This provision fairly answer one pre-
vailing objection. I think if those who have been
unfortunate before, and who have bt en discharged
under any system of insolvency in the Stales,arc
also excluded from the benefits of 'he lull until
they can woilc their estates up to the payment of
a suitable percentage, the objection on that score
is fully nfct.
And now, Mr. Speaker, so far as I am charged
with the management of this measure, my wish is
to consult the disposition of the IIoum; as to the
time when ihe vote f-hall be. taken upon it. and
as to the mode of taking the sense of the House
upon it.
In conclusion, I hope the House will indulge
me in making a single remai k personal to myself-
It has fallen to my lot sovetal times, owing to my
position upon the committee, to submit motions
and ii quests looking to the adoption of a bank-
rupt law, and thus I have been placed in the atti-
tude, apparently, of a special advocate of such a
measure, hi view of this fact, and m justice to
the tutth, I wish to state fur my constituents
myself, that iheiu pinbably is not a membci upon
tins door moie indifferent than 1 am to the late of
this bill. My judgmentia that atail times a well-
guarded system of bankruptcy is essential to every
