THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGRESS,
PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
RIVES, "WASHINGTON, D. C. .
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY
JANUARY 9, 1863.
New Series No. IS.
sound commercial system. My judgment is that
at this particular time there are reasons which will
probably never arise again for the passage of such
an act, and that by its passage we can accomplish
a good which cannot he effected in any other way.
That is my judgment; but I feel no sort of solici-
tude in either my representative or personal char-
acter that this bill should take one direction rather
than the other.
And now, sir, if any gentleman will indicate
either that he desires to be heard, or that any par-
ticular disposition fur the present shall be made
of the bill, I will or will not demand the previous
question, as shall suit the disposition of the House.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My desire
in relation to this measure is that its further con-
sideration shall be postponed for a few days, in
order that some amendments may be suggested
which, I believe, are quite important. I think this
is one of the most important subjects upon which
we are to act during the present session, and that
this bill, having been now for the fii st time read m
the House, it is vei y de&ii able that it should be ex-
amined, and especially, I may say without invid-
iousness, by all the lawyers of the House. I may
say, in passing, that the committee is enthely in-
debted to my friend fiom Now York [Mr. Roscoe
Conklixg] for the preparation of the bill. Tie has
spent a great deal of time and great labor on the
subject,and has prepared, I think I may freely say,
an admirable Nil in its main features, but there are
some amendments that I desire to oiler for the con-
sideration of the House, if I shall luwe an oppor-
tunity at a future day. A remark made by my
friend from New Yoik, for instance, indicates one
amendment that may, if practicable, become ne-
cessary. It is true that a court has been consti-
tuted in New Orleans by order of the President
of the United States. I do not propose now to dis-
cuss the powers of that court, but it is perfectly
plain that under the bill now before the House,
that court could have no jurisdiction on this sub-
ject; because this bill only piovidcs for jiuisdic-
tion of the district corn's of the United Statts;
and therefore, if myfii'4nd is deanous that thi^
bill shall hare any force in insurrectionary dis-
tricts, he must make an amendment by u'hich
courts thus constituted shall have jurisdiction over
this subject.
Mr. ROtiCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
will allow me a moment. 1 agree with him en-
tirely thai Judge Peabody, who goes to N'-w Or-
leans, I take it, for no purposes inside of the reg-
ular piactice and proceedings of any cmrt, would
not have jurisdiction under this Nil. I think he
would not have effective jurisdiction under any
possible contiivctnce that the ingenuity of man
could invent; but my point of illustration was this:
theie and elsewhere, as rapidly as possible, there
is to be a diligent effort at judicial lestoraUon. 1
take it that 11• is is merely a premmn.uy stop; I
take it that Judge Pcibody is only a foreiuuncr
in that le^pec;, And my point was that, 'is f<ist
as the coiMts were leawakened and r< vivified in
those States, this lull would have elhcf. And I
should have no hope—not differing in that respect
from the gentleman fi om Massachusetts—that any
bankrupt law that would be constitutional could
be so arranged as to give to thos^ temporal y com-
missioners and military judges—as a gentlemen
behind me calls them, and 1 think it is a vry cor-
rect designation—any jurisdiction. I do not think
that that can ha done, and I shall have no hope
that it will be.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My only
object in using, Mr. Speaker, is to expiess the
hope (whether I shall vote for this bill or not') that
it may be made as perfect as it can be made before
the vote on its passage. I have great pleasure in
eaying that the learned chairman of the committee
which reports this measure has drawn up a very
good and sensible bid, the fruit of much labor and
skill.
The great difficulty, Mr. Speaker, in the way
of a bill of this kind at a time like this is to make
it effective to the large class of debtors, and at the
same time properly secuie the rights of creditors.
15
The insolvent, or bankrupt law of Massachusetts
—for it is a bankrupt law—has been in practical
operation for twenty-four years, and has been fre-
quently amended, as experience has shown its
defects, until now it is, in my judgment, (he best
bankrupt system the world has seen. And it is
well done precisely for this reason—that it was
passed in a time of thoughtful peace. There was
no large class of men to be immediately relieved
by it, and therefore there was no unusual pres-
sure for the passage of a bill looking mainly to
the lelief of the debtor. The law is therefore so
framed as to guard the rights of cieditorsas care-
fully as it guards the rights of debtors. On the
i other hand, everybody understands that the effect
of the banki upt law of 1841—which, by the way,
my friend is perfectly justified in saying was a
very imperfect bill, and, as compared with the
! bill before the House, the mere skeleton of a bill
| —was simpiv to wipe out and expunge millions
; of debt. In the administration of it the cred itors
| got nothing. It was in practical operation, if not
: in principle, a sponge to wipe out debts. That
| law was repealed when its special woik was ac-
i eomplished. My fear is that if wo pass a bill at
i this time it will be much the same thing; we enn-
i not hope to have such a law as will embrace a
| proper protection for creditors, and that it would
i be a temporary expedient, like the statute of 1841.
j If a bill is to be passed by this Congi ess, all must
| desire to make it as perfect in foim as may be.
I know that there are gentlemen in the House and
! out of it, familiar with the subject, who have ob-
' jections to make and amendments to oiler to this
, bill; and therefore I should be glad to have it post-
j poned for two or three days, or till some day n«xt
i week, that these amendments may be offered, if
; thought h"st.
! Mr. KELLOGG, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker 
I Mr. KOSCOE OONKL1NG. I have not ic-
. signed the floor; hut if the g« ntieman fiom Illinois
; desires 
i Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not piopose
! to take the door as a matter of couitesy, f«>r £ in
1 proposition which 1 de^itrn to make wiil b" by no
; means satisfactory tfs the geinJemaii from New
York; mal it will answer my purpose as well to
; obtain the floor after he trots through,
i Mr. ROSCOE COXKUNG. I am not so sure
' of the gentleman Js pi oposition not being s.itisfac-
1 tory to me. Perhaps he desires to submit a mo-
tion to lav on the table.
I Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is my pui-
' oose.
! Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. Well, I do not
\ know but that that is a fair way to take the sense
I of the House upon it.
j Mr. KELLOGG,of Illinois. Myobjectislo
I take the sense of the House upon it; and if 1 Ime
! the floor fei that puipcs.-, 1 move that the bill be
: laid on tin table.
■ .Mr. ROSCOK CONKL1NG. 13:• fore that mo-
: tton is submitted, I wi*h to know whethei any of
1 my colleagues on the committee desire to speak
on the i>> i 1.
! PvJr. HTTTOinN'S. I desureto soya few words.
i Mr. KELLOGG, of lihnois. Th"  I witli-
; hold mv motion.
Mi. HUTC1MXS. Mr. Speaker, I had the
: honor of b'Mnir a memhei of the special committee
'! engaged in preparing this Kjiki upt bill. As the
gentleman horn Massachusetts has well and truly
[ said, the honor and cieuitof the piopuiation of
jl this bid belong entire iy to the gentleman from
!i New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkmn'c,] the ehasr-
ii man of the committee. I believe he has bestowed
i' a greet deal of labor upon it, availing himself of
j. ah the mcotis of information within his reach and
p ail the sugg^s'inns at his command; and I believe
!j that, Oil the who!", th"4 bill embraces substantially
]; the ideas which should he incorporated into such
ji a law. The number of failures since ltOT, in the
L States of New Yoik, Massachusetts, Pumsyl-
!j vania, Illinois, Ohio, llhode Island, Michigan,
j| Iowa, Indiana, Wisconsin, New Jersey, Con-
j, ncctieut, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Ma-
il ryland, Kansas, and the Territories, amount to
two thousand six hundred and forty-nine, with
liabilities amounting to $654,101,691. The sta-
tistics from other States are not at my command.
I believe that these statistics are accurate, show-
inga vast liability, which 1 think should be released
and provided for. Now, the suggestion of the
ge#t!eman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas.,]
that the bill which the State of Massachusetts has
adopted was prepared in time of peace, may be
well enough; but I think that the bankrupt law
of ld41 was also prepared in a time of peace, anil
1 do not think that the question of peace or war
can materially change the nature of a bankrupt
law. If talent and care have been applied to it
in time of war and trouble, it is as likely to be
j good as though it had been prepared in time of
i 1'^ace.
i 1 can say, as did the chairman of the commit*
| tee, that l'have no personal interest, and my con-
| stituents very little personal interest, in the pas-
| sage of this law. I do not represent a commercial
| community. I lepicsentan agricultural constit-
i ncnc.y, and my constituents are mostly solvent,
j But 1 favor this bill because I believe that the good
| of the whole country demands such a law. I shall,
; therefore, chcei fully give it my support. I do not
I object to the postponement of the bill, ifany mem-
; her desires to offer amendments. This bill has
1 been before the country and before the House for
i a long time. This is a short session, and we will
! soon be pressed with business. 1 think, therefore,
! thai we ought to uige the passage of this bill at
an caily day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Now, Mr. Speak-
er—*-
Mr.KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit me,
under the privilege accorded to members of the
committee, to say a very few words?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Certainly, sir, if
the gentleman is a member of the committee.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I will say but
a very few words in enforcing the suggestions of
the chan man of the committee. He has referred,
m very appropt late terms, to the fact of so much
of the enterprise and energy of the country bein<*
manacled from the want of a bankrupt law. I
would like to point to membeis of the House the
immediate future, or, at least, the early future,as
I tiu-st. Had the ciisis of 1857 not taken place,
and had this war not occurred to bring about a
great mass of bankruptcy, I should say that this
was an appropriate time to incorpoiate into our
system of invvs one so important and so essential
to a commercial community as a bankrupt law.
Never was there a period in the world when the
admonition, u let him that standeth take heed lest
he fall," was moie applicable to a community than
it is now to ours. Wisely, 1 think, under the ne-
cessities of the case, we have made a large issue
of paper money. The exigcnciesof the case still
existing leqime. I think, a great addition to that,
j j We aie in a pei iod of wide expansion. The cur-
rtney is cheap, and will be ciieaper, inviting to
j enterprise. At the same tune, the great staple of
j! our manufactures is withheld from consumption;
p and whenevei it is restored to the market, a revul-
j sion will take place more disastrous than any that
!' has e\er befoic taken place in this country. 1
I know that if reason were permitted to have full
'' sway.ieason would guard against it. 1" know
i that'if merchants would be wise in an emergency
: of ihis kind, they would carry small stocks, and
>' they would contract no debts; but we have not
. proven a very wise people. Periods of expansion
iia\e always piovcn to be periods of commercial
ruin; and this will not in my apprehension prove
;j unlike its predecessors, only that it may be in a
; more exaggerated way; for it involves not only
" the ordinary stimulus of expansion, but also the
■, various excitements that are engendered by our
:i condition of national affairs.
I know this is not a very pleasant picture, but
it is a picture of the times; and one to which we
shall do well if we take heed. It is not so much
that we may have a measure to relieve men of
!; their embarrassment in the present times, as to
ii give us a system that shall provide in advance-—
