1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
Golden Circle, and demand an armistice to nego-
tiate an inglorious peace with rebels in arms, were
the trusted associates and ever obedient followers
of Jefferson Davis and his rebel compeers. His-
tory will write it down that these sympathizers
with rebels were ever swift to obey the commands
of the rebel chiefs, when they were the leaders
of Africanized Democracy, whether those com-
mands were to repeal the Missouri prohibition,
to seize the ballot-boxesofinfantKansas,murder
brave free State men, frame and support the Le-
comptow constitution,stuff ballot-boxes, applaud
fillibustev raids upon border nations, approve
Dred Scott decisions, misrepresent and slander
patriotic men for clinging to the principles and
policy of the republican fathers, or to give assur-
ances that the incoming Administration would not
be permitted to enforce the authority of the nation
in the seceding States. Yes, sir; history will re-
cord the fact that Davis and his abhorred com-
peers in treason left these Chambers with the as-
sured confidence of conviction that these men,
who now brand Abraham Lincoln a tyrant and
a usurper, would divide and distract the North,
throttle loyal men in their tracks, and thus shield
the traitors in their dismemberment of the Union.
History will record the fact that when the old flag
of the Union went down at Sumter beneath the
devouring batteries and the confederate flag of
treason went up, the nation, inspired by the fires
of outraged patriotism, rose in sublime majesty,
forced the unwilling to raise the national flag, and
the Government to defend with all the nation's
resources its menaced life. History will record,
too, the fact that these sympathizers with rebels
bowed before the majestic uprising of the people,
bided their hour, vilified first the supporters of
the Government in measured phrases, and then,
when misfortunes came upon the nation, when
the high-wroughtexpectations of the people were
doomed to disappointment, when mourning was
in many homes, and anxiety for the loved and the
absent filled the hearts of many households, they
broke the silence and inaction imposed by the
people in the first bright ardor of insulted patriot-
ism, pronounced the President a usurper and a
tyrant, the Government a despotism, demanded
peace on any terms, and sent words of hope and
cheer to rebel leaders whose hands are red with
the blood of our murdered countrymen.
Sir, these men and these presses that are now
assailing the President and the Government in
measureless and vituperative phrases, decrying
the credit of the nation, proclaiming-that the sub-
jugation of the rebellion by armed forcc is an im-
possibility, demanding- peace at the cost of a
broken, dismembered, and dishonored Union, pre-
dicting the disruption of the now loyal States, thus
sowing seeds that may ripen into the bitter fruits
of alienation, hatred, and strife, are playing the
role in this drama of civil war marked out by the
rebel chiefs ere they left these Chambers to raise
the standard of revolt. Do these men and these
presses believe they can delude and deceive the
American people? Sir, the intelligent patriotism
of the people will not permit the Democracy of
Kentucky, nor of the free States, to play the role
of secession under the thin disguises of Democ-
racy. Do not the Senator from Kentucky and
his confederates know that this abhorred and ac-
cursed rebellion, born of the fell spiritof slavery,
was plotted by Democrats, organized by Demo-
crats, and inaugurated by Democrats? Do they
not know that Democrats raised the banners of
revolt, and dragged their cowardly and leluctant
opponents in the confederate States into civil war?
Do they not know that this is a Democratic in-
surrection r Do they not know that Stephens and
Toombs and Olingman and Benjamin had to turn
Democrats before they could plot treason? Do
they not know that a man must turn Democrat
before he can be a traitor? Do they not know that
every willing leader of this rebellion would this
day votetheDemocraticticket? Do they not know
thatevcry traitorinarms hails and welcomes Dem-
ocratic victories ? Do they not know that every
vituperative phrase they utter against the Admin-
istration in these Chambers, in State Legislatures,
in Democratic conventions, before the people, or
in their presses, excites rebel hopes, fires rebel
hearts, and nerves rebel arms?
Sir, I should think the Senator from Kentucky,
and the men who umre with him in these wicked
denunciations of the Administration, would feel
the blush ofconscious shame mantling their cheeks
when their words are hailed and applauded by the
men they once followed, whose counsels they
shared for so many years, whose souls are stained
with treason, and whose hands are red with the
warm blood of our murdered countrymen. The
land resounds with the tread of half a million
rebel Democrats^ ready to pour their murderous
fires into the living bosoms of our kindred and
brothers, who have left their homes to uphold the
cause of their country. You hear the sound of
rebel cannon, you see the flashing of rebel guns,
and you rekindle the zeal of these Democratic
rebels, and dampen the ardor and the hopes of your
loyal countrymen by renewed assaults upon the
Administration in whose hands are the issues of
the struggle, so far as they depend upon human
agency, by proclaiming the hopeless character of
the contest, by demanding compromise and peace
dictated by rebel bayonets.
Sir, we are often reminded that the land isdottcd
over with the graves of our countrymen who have
fallen in this rebellion. Who filled those graves
with the bodies of our murdered countrymcn ?
Every bullet fired in this unholy rebellion at the
hearts of our loyal countrymen, battling beneath
the old flag of United America, was fired by a
disloyal Democrat; for a man has to be a Demo-
crat before he can be a traitor. Sir, the brave
and devoted men who have followed to the field
the flag of their country, who stood by that flag
with unswerving fidelity through sunshine and
storm, amid the diseases of the camp and the dan-
gers of the battle-field, and who now sleep in
their bloody shrouds, went down by shots and
shells fired by disloyal Democrats. The brave
men who fill the hospitals, or linger among their
kindred and friends, maimed by wounds, were
maimed by bullets fired by rebel Democrats. Tens
of thousands of fathers and mothers, brothers
and sisters, wives and children, are mourning for
the loved and the lost who went down in the storm
of battle or by the fatal diseases of the camps in
this Democratic rebellion. Fathers and mothers
who arc mourning over lost sons were made child-
less by rebel Democrats. Wives made widows
in this war were made widows by the bullets of
rebel Democrats. Orphan children were made
orphans by Democratic shot and shell. The flags
of the Republic, riddled and torn by shot and
shell, were riddled and torn by the shot and shell
aimed by rebel Democrats. Let the fathers and
mothers, the brothers and sisters, the wives and
children of loyal America remember that these
sons and brothers, husbands and fathers have
fallen in an accursed rebellion, born of the dark
spirit of slavery, and plotted, organized, and in-
augurated by Democratic leaders, and fought by
rebel Democrats who howl with fiendish joy when
their Democratic sympathizers hurl their fierce
maledictions against the Government, or win a
victory over the supporters of the Administration.
Let the heroic men who are bearing the cause of
United America and of the rights of human nature
in the land of the rebellion, ever remembcraround
their camp fires, on their weary marches, on
picket duty, in storm and darkness, and on the
perilous ridges of battle, that the foe around them
and beforcthem, pouring leaden rain and iron hail
into their bosoms, are traitor Democrats fighting
to dismember the Union and blot our native land
from the map of nations. Let them remember
that these rebel legions who are hurling death into
their ranks are listening with hungry ears to the
maledictions hui led at thePiesident by rebel sym-
pathizers in the loyal States, and watching their
action and shouting over any Democratic victo-
ries won against the Administration as the tri-
umph of friends and allies. Let them remember,
too. that in the loyal States the apologists of trea-
son and of traitors, the vituperatois of tha Gov-
ernment and the intriguants who would baffle the
policy of the Administration and sacrifice the
unity of the Republic by an inglorious and dis-
honorable peace, are Democrats, who give to party
what should be given to their country, rent and
torn by civil war.
Sir, with the damning fact plain to the full com-
prehension of mankind, that Democratic leaders
plotted for years this wicked rebellion, that they
inaugurated and proclaimed it, that they have for
nearly two years put forth the most gigantic ef-
forts to dismember their country and blot the Re-
public of the United States from the list of nations,
men in these loyal States, calling themselves Dem-
ocrats, denounce the Government and the acts of
the Government, defame the men who are strug-
gling to carry the country through the "impending
contest, encourage men not to enlist and to leave
the ranks of the country's defenders, demand
peace at-the certain cost of the integrity'of the
Union, and call upon their Representatives to
withhold men and money from the Government.
Sir, spies and traitors fill the land, and skulk-
ing neutrals everywhere abound. But the other
day a convention of men calling themselves Dem-
ocrats, rather than secessionists, met at Hartford..
Much doubt has existed concerning the purposes
of the Hartford convention that assembled during
the war of 1812, but no one will ever entertain a
doubt of the purposes of the Hartford convention
assembled amid the throes of fratricidal strife. This
convention reflected Lhe opinions and sentiments
of Toucey, Seymour, Eaton, and other men tainted
with the leprosy of moral treason. The resolu-
tions adopted by the convention are tainted with
treason, and the speeches before the convention
were inspired by that fell and malignant partisan-
ship which extinguishes the generous and enno-
blingspiritof patriotism. The master-mind of this
convention of the Connecticut Democracy de-
nounced the war as "a crusade against a portion
of the country and its institutions." He declared
that "the Democracy of Connecticut will defy
Abraham Lincoln in all his unconstitutional acts.
We will say to him, pass militia bill after militia
bill; but when you undertake to take away from
the captain general of this State the command of
the guardians of the State we will say to you you
shall not go one step further." Another orator
spoke of "the arrests made by this tyrannical
Administration;" and,inconncction with the sub-
ject said, " we shall say to the Government,' lay
hands on a citizen of Connecticut, and by the
gods, you shall die, or I will!' " He said, " a
friend of mine asked me what I would do if Mar-
shal Carr should undeitake to arrest me. I said
i 1 would kill him, damn him ! I would kill him V
And I say to you, if one of these infamous whelps
should attempt to arrest any of you without due
process of law, 'kill him, damn him, kill him!'"
And this convention of New England Democrats
responded, " kill him, damn him, kill him !"
Sir, wo have heard much said during the past
few weeks about leaving New England out in the
cold; but I am quite sure the men who so flip-
pantly talk of leaving New England out in the
cold, would not leave out the man who uttered
that sentiment, nor the men who responded to it.
He and they are quite too much in harmony with
the assailants of New England to be thrust from
them. Perhaps these avowals of the Democrats
of Connecticut may soften the hearts of the Pu-
ritan haters who conceived the idea of thrusting
New England from the pale of the Union. Per-
haps this brutal threat to murder the marshal of
the United States or any of his " whelps," may
appease the wrath of those chivalric men to whom
her puritanism is a rock of offense. Who knows
but that this manifestation of profanity and pugna-
city of the copperheads of the East may have been
only a Yankee trick to commend Puritanic New
England to the copperheads of the West, who
prate about leaving New England out in the cold?
Mr. TURPIE. If the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts will allow me, I do not think that any per-
son has seriously contemplated anything like a
secession of the East or of the South. I believe,
as far as this talk of leaving Now Englandout in
the cold is concerned, it has only been to allow
Massachusetts to have the benefit of the draft.
Mr. WILSON', of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts needs
no defense in these Halls. There was a time when
men of acknowledged capacity and character
dashed their heads against Plymouth Rock; but
they were hurled back then as the old rock dashes
back the waves of the Atlantic, f have no expla-
nation or defense to make for Massachusetts or
for New England against the assaults of men
tainted with moral treason. No son of New Eng-
land should deign to defend her against the puny
assaults of the "men who are proud to echo the
slanders of King James and his courtiers upon
the TPuritans of his age. The man who would
weaken the bonds of the Union, who would sow
the seeds of alienation and distrust between this
people, bound together by the associations and
