1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 137)
to authorize the raising of a volunteer force for the
bettor defense of Kentucky, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee onPensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Abraham
Lansing, reported adversely thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etuciudgis, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the followingjoint resolutions,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested :
A joint resolution (No. 12G) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Thomas B. King;
A joint resolution (No. 127) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims m the case
of Arthur Edwards, and others;
A joint resolution (No. 128) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of George Yates;
A joint resolution (No. 129) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Joshua Eddy's heirs; and
A joint resolution (No. 130) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of J. W. Knaggs, administrator of Whitman
Knaggs.
The joint resolutions were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
THANKS TO GENERAL ROSKCltANS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to intioduce a
joint resolution of which no previous notice has
been given; and I desire that it may be read,and
then,ifttttbe necessaiy, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; but if that reference be not
necessary—and I do not think it is—I should like
to have it acted on at once.
By unanimous consent leave was given to in-
troduce the joint resolution (S. No. 117) giving
the thanks of Congress to Major General Wil-
liam S. Ilosecians, and the officers and men under
his command, foi gallantry and good conduct in
the battle of MurfrecsboroTennessee; and it was
read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate that this joint resolution may be considered
at the present time. Is there objection ?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to say that while, so
far as the mfoiination ieaehes me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of the joint resolution?
Mr. GRIMES. I am going to state, if the
Chair will allow me, why I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not in
order.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No objection being
made, the joint resolution is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will state in a word why I
think the Senate ought not to act on this resolu-
tion at the present moment.
So far as the information has reached us, I judge
that the exploits of General Rosocrans at Mur-
freeshoro' are unexampled in the military annals
of this country, and are unsurpassed in military
history anywhere. I do not believe that the mil-
itary commander now lives who has performed
such gallant and glorious deeds as he has, under
such adverse circumstances. Defeated on the first
day, with the loss of some prisoners and cannon,
on the second day sustaining a repulse of one wing
of his army, yet, restoring order, rallying his men,
and fighting four successive days, he achieved a
decisive and triumphant victory. Whore, m mil-
itary history, is it recorded that a commander has
assumed control of a dispirited army, as his was
when General Rosccrans took command of the
army in Kentucky, marched it two hundred miles
through a hostile country, supported it over aline
of railroad that had been repeatedly destioyed in
part and temporarily rebuilt, and then fought it
with the bravery,the determination,and the skill
that he exhibited? In my opinion, General Rose-
crans stands to-day the greatest captain of the age.
Yet, Mr. President, the official reports of the
actions at Murfreesboro' are not before us. We
have unauthentic reports, and I believe them. But
is it safe or wise to act upon them? Shall we es-
tablish the precedent of acting without them? If
we do, we may have resolutions of a similar char-
acter' thrust upon us in regard to other officers,
when there may be doubts of the propriety of
passing such resolutions in regard to them, and
we maybe restrained from properly investigating
their merits because of the precedent that may be
established in this case.
I choose to make the point on this, the strong-
' est case that can be presented. I make it in the
i case of a man who for the last eighteen months has
j been my beau ideal of a military commander. I
; insist that wo ought not to adopt u. vote tendering
i the thanks of Congiess to any man immediately
' upon its introduction into the Senate. It should
i only be adopted after the most mature considera-
j tion. It is the highest compliment that can be
I paid to a military or naval hero—it is an Ameri-
! can title ofnobiliiy. Resolutions of this description
- should he sparingly and deliberately bestowed. I
- wish General Rosecrans and the nation to feel that
1 such a resolution is worth something. I there-
< fore move that the resolution be referred to the
; Committee on Military Affairs,
i Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
] desire and had no desire to press the consideration
j of this resolution against the wish of any Senator
of the body. Thetri is time enough to act upon if.
! It seemed to me, however, that this was one of
i those rare cases that come to us deserving of
j prompt recognition. I concur enthely in what
has been said by the Senator from Iowa coneern-
j; ing the action of Genera I Rosecrans and his forces.
I; 1 am perfectly willing that the resolution shall be
;} iefVrred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
be reported at a time when we have all the facts of
; the case before us I am with that Senator against
j' passing resolutions in favor of small or doubtful
!: actions. I think a resolution of thanks of Con-
;; gross ought to mean something;and to mean some-
i thing it should be well founded and be well de-
I served, and, as the Senator says, weil and delib-
! urately considered.
I _ The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint icsolu-
! tion will be referred to the Committee on Military
( Allah's and the Miiuia, if theie be no objection,
j TAXATION OF BANK BILLS,
j Mr. SHERMAN. 1 f the morning business is
, disposed of, I should like to have the bill I mtro-
| duced the other day in legard to taxing bank bills
j and fractional currency taken up with a view to
j its reference to the Committee on Ejnance, and on
; that question I desire to submit a few observa-
i tions to the Senate.
| The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- ;
I ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 445) taxing j
j bank bills and all fractional currency. j
I Mr. SHERMAN addressed the Senate at some j
! length. [[lis remarks will be published in the \
Appendix.] I
Mr. DAVIS. I move that all previous orders ;
be postponed, in order to take up the bill to au- !
thorize the Stat<j of Kentucky to raise volunteeis j
for her defense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow the hill which I have been discussing to be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
It was so referred.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS,
i Mr. DAVIS. Now I hope that the bill to au-
thorize the State of Kentucky to raise volunteers j
• for her defense may be taken up, and that we may j
; have a vote upon it without fuither debate. !
1 M r. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 will simply !
! soy that that bill was reported with a new draft j
! this morning. There are some changes made in i
! it, and I suppose it ought to be printed befoieitis i
! acted upon, i suppose Senatois will want to see -
, it. I think we had better let it he until to-morrow -
; morning. ;
I Mr."DAVIS. Well, sir, I move that it be ■
( printed.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harms '
| in the chair.) It will be printed wiihouta motion.
! Mr. SAULSDURY. The order of business, I
| believe, is the bankrupt law, under the charge of 1
I the honorable Senator from Connecticut, if it is 1
j agreeable to him, and meets the pleasure of the i
1 Senate, I will move that it be laid aside, that I 1
may submit some remarks to the Senate with refer-
ence to the bill under consideration yesterday, for
the release of State prisoners.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope that the bankrupt bill
may be laid aside by common consent to accom-
modate the Senator from Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 362) to
provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
States coui ts to take bail or recognizances to se-
cure the trial of the same, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Powell to strike out
the third section of the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, when the
injustice and intolerance of the British ministry
were forcing an issue between the parent coun-
try and the colonies in reference to the "power of
Pailiament to impose taxes upon the latter with-
out their consent, the remonstrances of the ablest
English statesmen were treated by the advocates
of power as the utterances of sedition. It was
then that the noble Chatham thus spoke:
u £orry I am to hear the liberty of sppech in this House
imputed as a ernno. But the imputation shall not discour-
age mo. It n a liberty I nic:m to exercise. No gentleman
ousht to be aft aid to cxeteiso it. It is a hbeity by which
the gentleman who calumniated it might have piofited."
It has been frequently said upon this floor, since
the commencement of this unnatural war, that we
aie making history. Sir, wo are but repeating
it. Repeating its follies, its madness, its wicked-
ness, instead of avoiding them, being instructed
by its examples. They who admonish us by
those examples, and who would have us profnt
by them, are, by the advocates of power and the
j tools of faction, charged, like Chatham, with be-
ing seditious, disloyal, and as being sympathiz-
ers with lebelhon. Well, sir, this is not strange.
Great popuiarcommotions,greatcivil revolutions,
always bring to the surface of society a class of
men too wise in their own conceits, but really too
ignorant and too debased to be instructed by the
lessons of history. Thrown by revolutionary
force into unnatural positions, and true to their
native instincts, they crawl around the feet of
temporary power, and seek their own greatness
in the detiaction ofthose who would have wisdom
in counsel and moderation in action. Such men
glory m nothing so much as in writing the name
of Austides on the shell.
In his annual message transmitted to Congress
on the first day of the session, the President thus
speaks:
" Wo of thh Congress and this Administration will be re-
membered in «pite of ouiseives. No personal significance
or insignificance can spare one or another of us. The fiery
Inal ihiouiiii which \\v pass will light us down in honor or
di-hoiioi to the latest generation."
A moment's sanity after eighteen months of
madness! A /lash of reason at. the conclusion of
an hour's incoherent raving! What will the future
think of me? Ilow shall I and my Administration
live in history' If such questions had constantly
presented themselves to the Executive, and had
he honestly and uniformly acted in reference to
the judgment of impartial history, how different
would have been his and our situation now. But,
sir, party, not country—vengeance, not jastice—
have been the objects most dear to this Adminis-
tration; and the evidence of this fact which they
have and will continue to furnish, will light them
down in " dishonor to the latest generation." I
know, sir, this language may be considered harsh.
The question may be asked, as it has often been
asked heretofore, why denounce the Administra-
tion? Why not denounce the lebels? I answer,
sir, that the rebels, as they arc called, are not to
bo afiected by denunciation or praise from you or
me. They have gone out from among us, and are
not to be biought back by denunciation, but by
wisdom in counsel even more than by bravery in
the field. That there may be wisdom in counsel,
both for the purpose of reuniting a dissevered
country, and for the still greater and nobler pur-
pose of preserving civil constitutional liberty, I
have a light to speak my honest convictions in
refcienee to executive action and of party action;
and, having the right, I shall be governed in its
exercise by no other consideration than that of
the public good.
At the commencement of a new year, it may be
well to review the political chart by which our
