1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
il m
It will be amazed to find that the deadly poison
of secession is in the very veins of our society;
that here in the capital arc men and women who
furnish information to the enemies of their coun-
try; thatour cities are filled with men swift to give
evidence against the country that protects them,
and to furnish weapons and the munitions of war
to rebels in arms. We have men ready to dis-
courage enlistments, to counsel men to desert their
flag in the face of its enemies, to conceal and pro-
tect men who have turned their backs upon their
comrades in the field. We have men who weep
over our successes and rejoice over our misfor-
tunes. Within afew milc^of myhome, when the
news came last spring that General Banks was re-
treating, pursued by Jackson up the Shenandoah
valley, one ofthese Democraticsympathizers with
armed traitors shouted for joy over the defeats of
his countrymen. Sir, we have such men every-
where—men who so long and so blindly followed
the counsels of Davis and Toombs, Slidell and
Mason, and the pro-slavery Democratic leaders
who have plunged their country into the fire and
blood of civil war, that they have not ceased to
sympathize with them and to denounce the Re-
publicans as usurpers and tyrants.
Mr. President, I would not sustain the Govern-
ment of the United States in any act of tyranny
and oppression towards even the men who stand
before us with their hands dripping with the blood
of our countrymen. Nor would Ideal harshly or
unjustly with their sympathizers. I abhor their
deeds, but I would not deal unjustly with them.
God knows that if they had justice done them in
this world many of them would be quickly sent
out of it. I would smite down rebels in arms in
the field. 1 would arrest the men who give aid
and comfort to traitors wherever found, in the
loyal or disloyal States, until the just authority of
the Government should be fully established, and
the flag of the united country should wave every-
where m triumph, from the St. John to the Rio
Grande. The land resounds with the tread of
armed men; our fields are stained with the blood
of civil war; the maimed, the dying, and the dead
fill our homes with anxieties and sorrows, and the
Republic, rent and torn by the storms of battle, is
fearfully struggling for national existence. In this
troubled hour, when patriotichearts throb heavily
with solicitude for the fate of the nation, when the
Government is staggering beneath the burdens
imposed upon it by the pressing duties of this fear-
ful crisis, instead of the united counsels and action
oflofty patriotism, the heavens are darkened with
the arrows of partisan warfare, hurled at the Ad-
ministration by the reckless hands of political ma-
lignity. Those envenomed shafts now rained .upon
the Government and its supporters recall vividly
to our recollections the boastful predictions of the
rebel chiefs ere they left these Halls to drench the
land with the fraternal blood of civil war. They
told us here, in tones of assured confidence, that
they would have a united South, that we should
haveadisumtedNorth. Jefferson Davis, the rebel
chieftain, three yeais ago,in this Chambei boaNt-
fully announced that if blows were struck their
northern Democratic friends would thiottle us in
our tracks. Those traitor leaders left these Cham-
bers in the conscious assurance that the action of
the Government would be impeded, checked, and
thwarted by their Democratic allies. The fires of
patriotism, rekindled into a consuming flame by
the rebel batteries around Fort Sumter, silenced
for a season the voices of sympathetic Democracy,
and disappointed the high-raised expectations of
the traitor chiefs. Now, sir, the voice of the whole
pack of rebel sympathizers rings out in full choi us
on the track of the Administration. But the people,
the intelligent, patriotic people, will silence the
voices of faction, and dispel the illusions of hope
created anew in the bosoms of the rebel leadeis by
the clamor of northern demagogues. Sir, the
loyal people of the United States, who are for
" liberty and Union, now and forever," will never
forget that the Administration, with all its faults,
lias been faithful to the rights of mankind and the
unity of the Republic. They will not, they can-
not, cease to i eniember that the Republican party,
with all its faults of omission and commission,
never nurtured a traitor m its bosom to sympa-
thize with treason, or to fire upon the flag of his
country, or into the ranks of his country's de-
fenders.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I have listened
attentively to the most extraordinary speech of
the Senator from Massachusetts, to which I pro-
pose briefly to respond. That speech is extraor-
dinary in many respects, and especially is it ex-
traordinary in this, that he does not propose to
meet or attempt to overthrow anyone of the many
and distinct charges of executive usurpations set
forth in the resolutions of the Democrats of Ken-
tucky, but contents himself by making a general
denunciation of the resolutions and of those gen-
tlemen. I well know the reason why the Senator
did not attempt to meet the charges. They are
numerous, they are specific, and set forth dis-
tinctly and in unmistakable language the action
of the Executive, and state wherein the President
of the United States has broken faith and has vio-
lated the Constitution which he has sworn to ex-
ecute. The Senator knew he could not by argu-
ment meet the charges in that address, as he calls
it, or in that preamble and those resolutions, as
they really are; and hence he contented himself by
general denunciations of those gentlemen. I now
challenge the Senator to the list, and ask him to
take up those resolutions and meet the argument
upon the charges thereincontained. The chargcs
in those resolutions against the President are true,
and the Senator from Massachusetts dare notcon-
trovert them. He cannot meet them in successful
argument, but he wishes to get off by a general
denunciation of those people. That will not do,
sir. You cannot escape in that manner. You
must meet the stubborn facts and refute them, or
the Piesident, you, and your party will stand
convictcd of the offenses therein charged.
The Senator says the man who penned the res-
olutions and those who appeared in response to
that call will be decreed by the great American
heart disloyal. I dare say they will be decreed
by the abolition heart of the Senator, and those
who follow him, disloyal; but those who are de-
voted to the constitutional and civil liberties of
the people will proclaim them loyal and true sons
of noble sires. That will be the verdict in all after
time. I am sorry the Senator has left his seat.
I hope he will return and listen.
Mr. President, it is the custom of those who are
the peculiar friends of the Administration to de-
nounce the Democracy everywhere as disloyal;
but when it suits their purpose theyproclaim that
they are loyal. I well remember, during the can-
vass in the great State of New York, that the lead-
ing Administration papersand orators everywhere
denounced Governor Seymour as disloyal. I do
not hear any chaigcs of disloyalty against him
to-day. You denounced the gallant Democracy
of Ohio as disloyal. So yon did those of New
Jersey and of Indiana and of Pennsylvania and
of Illinois. When Demociats arc candidates they
are always, in your esteem, disloyal. Your cor-
rupt leaders and venal organs denounce them, and
the intelligent, virtuous, and upright people elect
them. Now you arc denouncing the Democracy
of Connecticut as disloyal; and for whatdoes the
Senator arraign those absent people? ft is because
their gallant candidate for Governor has chosen
to say he desired that this war should cease; he
did not believe that we could restore this Union
or preserve the Constitution by foice of arms; but
that we could do it only by mild means, by con-
cession and compromise. He thought war was a
destructive element; not one calculated to icstore
this country to that prosperity, peace, and quiet
that we had before this unfortunate levolution
broke out. For that they aie denounced.
All. President, if you denounce as disloyal all
those who are opposed to this war, in my judg-
ment you will denounce to-day three fourths of
the American people, for 1 honestly believe that
that number are opposed to the war. 1 know that
your briefless barristers who have major general's
commissions, your army contractors, your pub-
lic employes, (not all of them, for many in the
Army desire peace,) who are getting more money
now for a month's service than perhaps many-of
them ever got fur a year; all those who are en-
gaged in public plunder are for the continuation
of the war; but the honest laboring masses, the
tax-payers of the country, who wish their coun-
try to be preserved, who wish'the Constitution
faithfuliyexecuted, and the Union to be restored,
are opposed to the war. They believe with me
and others that you cannot restore this Union by
force of arms. In my judgment that is to-day a
demonstrated fact. Why then persist in this wild,
this mad, this "suicidal policy that must fof,ever
destroy the Union and overthrow its Constitution?
I know that if you continue it for twenty .years
there would be those in interest, who love rnarn^
mon more than their country, who would be £jjc
carrying on the war as long as they can makFa
dollar out of it; but the wise, the sensible, the
virtuous people of the country are not withyoa,
gentlemen. If you think so, you are 6adly, sadly
mistaken.
But, sir, the honorable Senator tells us that
every widow and every orphan in this broad land
that has been made by the guns fired in thi4 rebel-
lion were made by Democratic hands; that none
but a Democrat fired a gun. I was astounded at
that statement. Does not the Senator know that
many men of very great distinction in the rebel-
lion were never Democrats? Does he not know
that Mr. Bell, one of the candidates for the Pres-
idency in the last canvass, is with the rebellion?
Does he not know thatZollicoffer, who fell at the
head of his columns in the confederate service,
never was a Democrat? Does he not know that
a large majority of the people of the South who
have always differed from the Democratic party
are as much in favor of the rebellion as the Dem-
ocrats ? The Senator must know those things;
and yet he has the audacious impudence *to tell
this Senate that every gun fired was fired by a
Democrat. Does he not know that others whom
I might name were no Democrats? Does not the
Senator know that many of the men from my own
State who are in the confederate army were never
Democrats? General Hanson, who was killed the
other day at Murfreesboro', was a life-long oppo-
nent of Democracy. The gentlemen to whom I
allude never acted with the Democratic party.
That portion of the Senator's speech is about as
true as anything he has uttered concerning the
Democratic party. It is wholly without founda-
tion in truth. I dare say the Senator, in hisdis-
tempeied zeal, thinks it is true. I do not impeach
his veracity, but I do say that he is woefully,
lamentably ignorant on the subject. I do assert
that the facts arc not so. The Senator, I dare say,
in his heated abolition zeal, believes everybody
who is not now an abolitionist is a Democrat; but
let me tell the Senator he is very much deceived
in that matter.
The Senator has indulged in general denunci-
ations of the Democracy of Kentucky and other
States; but why did he not take up the preamble
and resolutions and show wherein the facts therein
specifically alleged are untrue? For the very best
reason in the world. Those facts stands admitted
before the country. The proofs are to be found
everywhere. Many of them stand on the records
of this Senate Chamber. They stand in the proc-
lamations of the President. They stand in his
usurpations impressed indelibly on the minds of
twenty million people who have been wronged
and cruelly injured by the usurpers during this
war. The Senator does not pretend to meet those
charges, but he indulges in a general denuncia-
tion. The Senator cannot escape by any such
general charges or any such assault upon my con-
stituents. I meet them, and I hurl them back with
scorn and contempt as malicious slanders. My
constituents who attended that meeting and sent
forth that address are as loyal and true to the
Constitution of their country and to the Union of
these States as the Senator from Massachusetts or
any of his abolition horde ever dared to think they
were. Why, sir, does that Senator pietend to
think that because men oppose the usurpations of
the President and denounce them, that therefore
they are opposed to the Government? He seems
to confound the Government with the Executive,
and he says they denounce the Government. Let
me tell him, sir, that in the document read at the
desk of your Secretary, there is not a single word
in denunciation of the Government. They ex-
press their devo.tion to the Government and to the
Constitution of our fathers, and their deteimina-
tion to maintain them. They do assail the Pres-
ident for his usurpations. They do assail him for
the plunder he has allowed the Army to commit
m many cases. Every syllable of that bill of in-
dictment is true. There is no man who can suc-
cessfully meet it and controvert it. But, forsooth,
because they denounce the Executive, the Senator
says they denounce the Government. There is
not a word of denunciation in that preamble and
resolutions against the Government. They stand
