1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them. They deliberately chose war in preference
to pcace on these conditions, and for so doing
"this Congress and this Administration will be
remembered in spite of" themselves. " No per-
sonal significance or insignificance can spare one
or another of" them. Whether "the fiery trial
through which we pass will light" theni " down
in honor or dishonor to thf latest generation," his-
tory will hereafterattcst. Butwarexisting,(right-
fully or wrongfully it may be unnecessary now
to consider,) what was the duty of " this Congress
and this Administration" if they determined to
prosecute it? To prosecute it for legitimate pur-
poses and by legitimate means. What wore (hose
purposes? At the extra session Congress declared
them, as follows:
"That this war is not wasedon their pait in any spirit of
oppression, or foi any purpose of conquest, or subjugation,
or purpose'of overthrowing or nuerterinsj with the
or established institutions of thy Stales, but to defend and
maintain the ^upieirmcy of tiie Constitution, and to preserve
the TTnio i with all the rtiymtj. eqinlity, and limits of the
several tUato miimpaucd; ami that a-> soon as these ob-
jects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
That was an hour of gloom and despondency,
of consternation and alarm. Your defeated army
was hastening in confusion from the bloody field
of ^Vlanassas, and seeking shelter from the pur-
suing foe, even under the shadow of the national
Capitol. The soothsayers of abolitionism had
been proved false in their utterances of success,
and gladly submitted, for the time being, to a dec-
laration of the objects of the war by Crittenden m
the House, and Johnson in the Senate. 1, sir,
voted for that resolution, not because I believed
"this Administration and this Congress" meant
to prosecute the war m accordance with jt, but
because 1 believed it was the only ba^is upon
which the war could with justification be prose-
cuted. Mr. President, I have hail but one opinion
from the beginning in reference to the purpose of
this Administration and tins Congress in accept-
ing war, and prosecuting it as a means of determ-
ining oursectional political differences. I believed,
and now believe, that their object in rejecting all
peaceful modes of adjustment was to present the
alternative to the southern States that had declared
their intention to resist the dogmas of the Repub-
lican party as the national policy of the country—
submission to such policy for all time to come, or
war. Relying upon a sectional nunvncal ma-
jority, and well knowing the attachment of that
half of the northern people who were as much op-
posed to those dogmas as the people of the south-
ern States themselves to the American Union,
they judged it would be an easy matter to sub-
due all resistance to Federal authority; and they
determined to rnnke such resistance a pretext to
abolish slavery forever in the South. War would
produce two classes of patriots. One composed
of those who should shout Union, and, staying
at home accusing their neighbors of disloyally
because they were not Republicans, should lpjel
amid the spoils of public plunder; and the other
who, beins: Democrats and conservative men, had
in every struggle with the country's foe?, either
domestic or foreign, evinc--d their duvotion to the
country's honor, would rally to her call and bear
her banner in triumph amid the storm of battle, or
nobly perish in the attempt.
Misjudging the temper pnd character of the
American people, they sought to prevent all r1-
monstrance against whatever means they chose to
adopt to accomplish their purpose, by governing
a free people by appeals to their f  ars. M >bvs be-
came their instruments of vem*\anco, and whore
these could not conveniently be invulrvd, execu-
tive tyranny laid its lawless hand upon ti.( unof-
fending but suspected vietim, and foits and bas-
tiles opened, and closed their ponderous doois
upon him. Was not Abraham Lincoln President,
and was not William II. Seward his prime nil Uls-
ter, and who dared say augnt against tin ir infal-
libility? The espionage of Napoleon sank into
insignificance as an agency of oppression in com-
parison with that practiced under the administra-
tion of Abraham Lincoln.
Men conversed in whispers; even woman dare
not speak above her breath., A deadly tremor
seized upon all classes, except those who, them-
selves being spies and informers, were conscious
of reposing under the shadow of executive protec-
tion. Finally the law and Constitution w-'re ap-
pealed to for piotcction against execut.ve tyranny.
That Constitution which was made for all times.
for peace as well as war, declared that no man
should be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law. This guarantee of
personal freedom had been extorted by the Eng-
lish barons, sword in hand, atRunnymede, from
the haughty and oppressive John, five hundred
years ago, and had been the birthright of every
Englishman since. It was the birthright of the
framers of the Federal Constitution, a ml they in-
serted it in that instrument, that no power should
ever deprive their childien of it.
Thatgrcat writ of right, the writ of fta?>eas corpus,
had been passed two hundred years ago, during: the
oppressive reign of Charles 11, to relievo one Eng-
lish subject from imprisonment by order of the
English Privy Council, contrary to this provision
of Magna Charta, and our fathers provided in the
Constitution, as a prohibition upon the powers of
Congress, that the privilegeof tins writ should not
be suspended unless in case of rebellion or inva-
sion, when the public safety should require it. No
one evoi dt earned that the President could suspend
the privilege of this writ-, no statesman had ever
so spoken; no commentator had ever so written;
and no court had ever so decided. Congress had
provided for tho issuing of this writ upon proper
application made to any judge of the Supreme
Court, or judge of any district court of the United
States, and the venerable Chief Justiec was ap-
pealed to to award it for the purpose of inquiring
into the legality of such executive arrests. The
execution of the wr.t was rented, and the judge
infoimed—to the amazement of all save the m:n-
lonsofdespotic power—that the President had au-
thorised the commandant of a fort to suspend the
writ oi'haheaf corpus, and that he had complacently j
obeyed his master's command. And this brings j
me, sir, to a consideration of the question, has the j
President the power to suspend the privilege ot
the writ of habeas corpus: and if he has not, and
Congress lias, should they confi r that power upon
him, or ( xercise it themselves, in reference to pei-
sons domiciled in Slates not in rebellion, and where
the courts of jusiicc are open '
Tho President assumed tho possession of this
power, aiid has attempted to exercise it in such
a manner,and to such an extent, as to make him-
self absolute dictator and ruler over the liberties
and lives of the whole American people. When
lie first attempted bis usurpation of power in this
respect, it was to the extent of suspending the
writ of habeas corpus u\ reference to pai ticular per-
sons and pai ticular distiicts of country; but hav-
ing t< st'xl the submission of Ins countrymen, and
fortified himself with the printed opinion of his
most obsequious Mr. Attorney General, who man-
ifests great facility, as well as felicity, in writing
opinions to order, together with the assurance by
a subservient press, as the consideiation for the
piivilege of transmission through the mail, that
it is treason to question the action of the king—
vouched for by Mr. Attorney—he boldly pro-
claims the suspension in every part of the United*
States, and in respect to all persons who shall be
guilty of whatever he shall adjudge to be crime,
however unknown to tho Const) tut ion and laws
of the hind. By his proclamation of September
tho U4tii, issued, doubtless, to deter from opposi-
tion to that of the 20d of the same month—which
1 will her< after consider as one of the executive
rn-wns of restoring the Union and preserving the
Constitution—he declares:
'• WJh i^a-, it ha* become neec^-nty to call ir>tf> service
not only vol'iiit bu t also that pmlions ot the milHia ot
i!i<' btruc- he diaiud.in ordei to suppie^ the m-unee- j1
Hon e\,-tourin the Tinted Siuto<,und disloyal persons are |j
ma ade/ju.tf'v ru-uruned, bj the ordinal} pioecfsos of Jaw, !
iio-n finiMeniiL' tue^i trien<-uie>. and ftnm giving aid .ami
com!'), t j:t \nu<>i's Wu\ to the nisiiirecuon. Now, theie-
ft>!e. he U onlered,
41 1 That dunm: the '-xif-tin^insurreetion. and n<< a nccep-
N'uv mea-iue lot Mipprc-.-ni" the <-ame, alt ichel* and niMir-
ci'nt-, 'heir aidei> and nix ttoi^, uitlun the Tailed ytatc^,
and all pri-on1- d.-cournirimj volunteer enli-tm'Mit^ n"=i^t-
inir imliiia dndV, or amity ot nny di-lojal ptaetice.afioid-
mt{ aid and eiimiort to tlic rebels a-rain-t the autliontvof
t!'e. Tinted Matt %-hall be Mibjeot fo'martir.i law, and liable
to t-. v.! raid punishment by ooiut martial or military com- i |
im-sinn. ,
u :2. That the writ of hahecs corpus U fu^p'mded m respect |1
to ail pel-one arre<u d, oi who ate now, ot heitMiter during 11
the rebellion -hall tie, mipi ironed m ,uiv toi t, camp, ar-enal, j ■
military pir-on, <>i otbet place ot conunement by any mil- j
itary authority, or by the bcntenee ot any couit-martial or
military comm..—ion.'1'
The provision of the Constitution, article one,
section nine, io—
" Tae pi'ivdoge of the writ of habeas corpus shad not be
suspended, utiles?! when In case of rebellion or invasion
the public safety may require it."
Now, my first proposition is, that wherever the
power of suspension is lodged, it is not unqualified
and absolute, either as to place, time, or circum-
stance, but is limited as to each. Neither is it an
arbitrary power; but while the depositary* of the
power is the judge of the occasion or emergency
calling for its exercise, that judgment is to be
formed in view of the requirement of the'public
safety. It can only be suspended in case of rebel-
lion or invasion. "If the rebellion only exists in
Texas, the suspension could not constitutionally
be exercised in New York, because the public
safety would not require it. If the invasion was
of Louisiana, suspension would be unwarranted
in Pennsylvania, for the same reason; and if the
rebellion or invasion was confined to a SQiall por-
tion even of a particular State, the suspension
would not be rightful in other portions of the same
State unaffocteTl by the invasion or rebellion, be-
cause of the absence of danger to the public safety,
the existence of such danger being the only con-
dition authorizing such suspension. Such was
the opinion of the men who framed the Constitu-
tion, and such wasj tho opinion of Congress in
X«S07,as fully expressed in the debate in the House
of Representatives upon the motion to reject the
hill passed by the Senate in that year, suspending
this privilege on account of the supposed danger
to the public safety growing out of the alleged
conspiracy of Aaron Burr. -The attempt of the
President—even were he the depositary of the
power—to exorcise it at the piescnttime in the
States of Delaware, Illinois, Pennsylvania, or
New York, whore rebellion does not exist, and
where the administration of public justice in the
Federal courts is unobstructed by popular vio-
lence, would be arbitrary, and therefore unconsti-
tutional ; because the condition upon which alone
it can be exorcised—danger to the public safety-
does not exist m either of said States.
Before I consider the assumption of the Presi-
dent in reference to the power of suspending tho
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, I invite the
attention of tho Senate to a few preliminary con-
siderations which may be of service in determin-
ing the question m reference to the depositary of
tins power. By the provisions of Magna Charta
no freeman could be arrested, imprisoned, de-
prived of life, liberty, or property, except by due
course of law. This was no grant of right or priv-
ilege by the sovereign to the subjects, but it was
a pledge on his part to them that their ancient
birthright should not thereafter be infracted by
him. vVhen the recognition of this right was ex-
torted by the barons from John they were demand-
ing no new rights, but insistingon theobservance
of existing ones. They were contending against
executive usurpation. The habeas corpus act passed
in the reign of Charles II conferred no new sub-
stantive political riirht upon the subjcct. It was
no giant from the king, revocable orothcrwise at
his pleasure, but it was a legislative remedy, pro-
vided by Paihamont, by which the ancient birth-
riojit of tho subject, acknowledged to exist by
Magna Charta, should be piotected and rendered
secure against executive invasion. The kings of
England never had control over their subjects
contrary to the course of the common law; and
no one ever contended, after the passage of the act
of habeas corpus, that the king could annul or sus-
pend that act, which was meant as a protection
against his own acts of illegal oppression. If the
English monarch could not dopt lve an English-
man of tho benefit of this great remedial writ, if it
was to him a writ of right ex debito just'iticr,, neither
could the people of the thirteen colonies be so
deprived of it, because it was to thom also a writ
of right against the infractions of the provisions
of Magna Charta; which provisions pertained to
them no less than to their English ancestors.
This writ was English in its origin, and never
existed any win. rc else than in the British domin-
ions before the American Revolution. It is there-
fore to England and her colonies that we must look
to ascertain its true character as well as the priv-
ileges which it confers. The inhabitants of these
colonies, before and at the time of the Revolution,
claimed all the rights and privileges of English-
bom subjects. Hence we find that on tho 14th day
of October, 1774, the first Congress resrived—
" That the respective colonies aie entitiedtothofc0 n o 
&id? of Jjnglandy and more e.>pecidiiy to the great awl itic*
