1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
i move to add these words, "to cover corre-
spondence to and from them."
Mr. ALLEY. Let me say a single word in
explanation. It will be remembered when i pre-
sented to the House this amendment last evening
I stated that I did it at the request of the Post
Office Department, and with the consent of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads; that
I w as in favor of the abolition of the whole frank-
ing piivilege, but that, inasmuch as that could
not be accomplished, I was in favor of the pro-
visions of this amendment; that some of them I
disagreed to, without specifying particularly those
1 was opposed to. As the chairman of the com-
mittee had explained to the committee the several
provisions of that amendment, I suppose it was
distinctly understood, I learn from him that he
did not understand that provision to be at the time
what he understands it to be now, and that the
members of the committee were equally opposed
with me to this provision. I hope with that ex-
planation, and in view of the position of the case,
that the amendment will prevail.
Mr. COLFAX demanded the previous question
on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I suggest to the
gentleman fiom Indiana that the bill as amended
be ordered to be printed, and its consideration
postponed, so that we may understand its provis-
ions before we are called on to vote on them. I
venture to say that there is not a member on the
floor who has not lost the track of this bill.
Mr. COLFAX. If the House will fix some
hour when the bill tjhali be voted on I will not
- object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let us dispose of the
bill now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the call for the previous
question, so that I may oiler an additional section.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot withdraw it, because
then amendments will be offered all day. I ask
for a vote on the bill. 1 insist on the demand for
the previous question on the third reading of the
bill.
On seconding the call for the previous question
on a division, there were—ayes fifty-four, noes not
counted.
Mr. COLFAX demanded tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noble and
Washburne were appointed.
The previous question was seconded—the tellers
having reported ayes 66, noes 29—and the main
question ordered.
Mr. HUTCHINS moved that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Afr. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nayr<.
Air. COLFAX. Take the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I renew it, and demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wn*s taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Delano, Diven, Dunn, Frati-
chot, Goodwill, (Jnder, Hauling, Hickman, Johnson, Wil-
liam Kello^u, IjftiiMMir, Loveioy, Melndoe, McPIhtsou,
Maynard, Menznw, Anson J*. Montli, \*oble, Nugen, Pen-
dleton, Pike, Poller. John II. Rice, Sargent, Stud, Sloan,
Woven*, Stiles, Tram, Was>hbmnc, Wickliile, WiNon.and
Worcester—31.
NA"VS— Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J, Al-
len, Alley, Atnoki, Ashley,Babbitt, Rally, Bakei, Baxter,
Reaman. Kiddle, Jacob B. Ulan, Samuoi S. Ulan, Blake,
William G. Biown, BufFinton, Calvt'it. Ca^ey, Oli:mu>er-
lam, Clements#, Cobb, Cohax, Fiedenek A. Cnnkling. Co-
vode, Cox, Ciaven*, Cuttenden, Davis, Cdserton. Edward?,
Eliot. Engln-b, Samuel (\ Fe->viidcn, Thomas A. I). IVs-
fcnden, FMx-r, Grander, Halm, Hale, Hall, Hanson,
Hooper, Julian, Kelley, Keriigan, Knapp. Law, Lazoar,
Lou, MeKeun, MdCuu'lit, Malloiy. Mitchell, Moorhead,
Nixon, Norton, J'ait'ni, Timothj G. Phelps-, Po'uero}, pot-
ter, Puce, Alexandi'r f 1 Ilice, Edwatd H. Uollnn/James
S. Rollins, vSir.nik--, Sheffield, Shellabniger, Spautdmg,
Stratton, Funics Thomas, Tumble, Vallatidiyham, Van
Wyek,Walker, Walton,Wheeler, Whaley, Albei t S White,
Chilton A. W!iit<\ Wnidoni, Woodiutl', and Wiight—82.
•So the House lefusud to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly lead the third time.
Mr, COLFAX demanded the previous question
on the. passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Air. HUTCHINS demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. William Allen, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, i
Daily, Bakei, Bidillc, Bingham, Jacob ii.Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, William G. Biown, Butlinton. Calvert, Ca«ey,
Chambeilam, Clement?, Cobb, Colfax, Fredeuck A, Conk-
lui!*, (Jovode, Cox, Ciavens, Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot,
Samuel C. Fe^senrien, Thomas A. I). Fessenden, Fishei,
Granger, Glider, flahn, Jlaight, Uale, Harrison, Hooper,
Julian. Kollev. Kenyan. Lazear, Looims, Low, McKnight,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixun, Noiton, Odell, Olm, I'atton,
'1 iirioihy O. Phelps, Pnnieroy, Porter, Price, Edward II.
Rollm«, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheiiabamer, Spaulduig, Stiat-
ton, Francis Thoma?, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Verree, Walker, Walton, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S.
White, Windom. Woodruff, and Wu'ght—73.
NAYS—Mgsms. Aneona, Ashley, Beaman, Davi«,
Dawes, Delano, Divcn, Dunn, English, Fentoii, Fouke,
Fianeliot, Gooeh, Goodwin, flail, Ilmding, Iliekman,
Ilutchms, Johnson, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lairing,
Lovejoy, Mclndoe, MeKeiin, MePherson, Marston, May,
Mavnaul, Anson P. Motrsll, Noble, Nugen, Pendleton,
Pike, Potter, Alexander II. Rico, John II. Rice, Robinson,
James S Rollins, Sargent, Sheunan, Sloan, William G.
Steele, Stevens Stiles?, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Vuoihoos, Wa^-hbmne, Chilton A. While, Wick-
litfe, Wilson, Worcester, and Yeainau—55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, by unanimous con-
sent, reported a bill to amend an act untitled "An
aet to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved July 1, 1862;
| which was read a first and second time, ordered
! to be printed, and its further consideration post-
j poned till Tuesday next after the morning hour.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that it be
made a special order on Tuesday after the morn*
ing hour.
Air. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object.
JENNINGS riGOTT.
Mr. DAWES. I would call up to-day the re-
port of the Committee of Elections, to whom were
referred the credentials of Jennings Pigott, claim-
ing to have been elected a Representative from the
second congressional district in .North Carolina,
and the piotest of Chailes Henry Foster against
the right of said Pigott to a seat by virtue of any
such alleged election; but at the request of Air.
Pigott I will postpone it to Monday next.
JAN'E B. EVANS.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in or-
der to be Senate bill No. 34G, for the relief of Jane
15. Evans, on which the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Rice] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for a few minutes*
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, this bill re-
ported from the Committee on Patents provides
for the extension of a patent which professes to be
a preventive of steam boiler explosions; and I
desire to ^ive some reasons why that extension
should not be granted. Congress has enacted a
law m regaul to the granting of patents. The
grant is for fourteen years, with a discretion con-
fided to the Commissioner of Patents to extend it
for seven years longer. The patentees have had
this patent for twenty-one years; and it seems to
me that there should be some weighty reasons for
granting a further extension. In that time they
i have made all the profits to which they are rea-
j sonably entitled under the patent, itsccmstomc
that if we are, on the application of everybody
who asks for an extension of a patent, to grant
such extension, we should at once repeal our
: patentlaws, or generally extend them in all cases,
|i so that patents may be extended ad infinitum.
:| Now, Mr. Speaker, there is but one paity or
1 family interested in the extension of this patent,
while it meets with universal disfavor all overthe
country wherever high-pressure steamboats are
used. There is a general protest against the ex-
tension of this patent for several reasons. First,
this patent has been already enjoye-d for twenty-
one years, the usual period allowed by law. Sec-
ondly, the patentees have made a great deal of
money outof it. Thirdly, it imposes an enormous
tax on all persons interested in steamboat naviga-
tion. And fourthly, it is of no value whatever to
prevent explosions. It is known along the Ohio
river as the Evanspatent humbug. I am asked by
a gentleman at my light, how is it that steam-
boats are obliged to use it ? I was coming to that.
If a party engaged in steamboating were at lib-
erty to use it or not, I would not care about this
patent being extended. But if gentlemen will
refer to the present steamboat passenger law of
1852, they will find that there is a provision in the
ninth section compelling the use of fusible alloy
on high-pressure steamboat boilers, one to cach
boiler; and this Evans safety-valve of alloy metal
being the only one which fits the statute restric-
tion, the steamboat inspectors are constrained to
decide that it must be applied to meet the provis-
ions of the statute.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will thegentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me a moment?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois for a brief interruption.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, having
been a member of the Committee on Commerce
of thisHousefortheJastcightorten years, I have
hod an opportunity of becoming familiar with this
subject. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has
well stated that an invidious distinction in favor
of this Evans safety guard is contained in the
steamboat law of 1S52, which bill was the work
of one of the wisest men who ever sat in the Sen-
ate or House of Representatives, John Davis, of
Massachusetts. When that bill was before Con-
gress, the lobby interest of this patent was so
great that a provision was inserted in the law,
:! compelling the use of this patent on all high pres-
|j sure boiler steamboats. It is now the law of the
11 land; and every steamboat that is built has to uso
this patent. In this country of inventions it is
extiaordinary that the inventive faculties of the
people should be tied up by an act of Congress.
But such is the case. It has been demonstrated
over and over again that the pure, simple tin plug
is a much better preventive of explosions than all
the machinery of Evans's patent safety valve.
Under this law there is a board of nine supervis-
ing inspectors, selected for their knowledge of this
subject. They have over and over again in their
sessions called the attention of Congress to this
matter, asking for a repeal of that provision of
the law, and stating that the tin plug was a much
superior picventive of explosions to the Evans
safety valve. The Committee on Commerce has
reported two bills to do away with the use of this
patented article, but the lobby interest was so
strong that it pievailed against what was admitted
to be the interest of the country. One reason was
alleged in favor of the patent, which was, that it
had only a short time longer to run,and then there
would be no such influence upon Congress to pre-
vent the law being changed. But, to my utter
astonishment, the Senate has passed this bill,
renewing the patent for fourteen years longer,
thereby compelling every one who builds a high-
pressure steamboat to pay for this article what-
ever price is demanded for it.
I now beg to call the attention of the House for
one moment to an extract from a report of the
Committee on Commerce on this subject:
'-Sec. 9. The application of fusible alloys, in accordance
with the provisions of the law of 1852, has been attended
with much vexation and tiouble; and the inspectors aie of
the opinion th.it no gieater secunty to life is obtained than
would be by the application of pure tin, winch will not be
subject to the &amo difficulties. They theretoie recommend
this change."
Mr. McKNIGHT. I intended to allude to the
facts to which the gentleman from Illinois has
called the attention of the House. I know that when
the steamboat passenger bill was before Congress
the lobby interest in favor of this safety valve suc-
ceeded m getting a clause in the bill, making its
'use on high-pressure steamboat boilers compul-
sory. The steamboat men on the western waters
say that if this safety valve were fixed at any rea-
sonable pi ice, such a price as it can be made for
by any machinist, they would not object to put-
ting it on their boilers as a kind of brass orna-
ment, and for that alone. But as there is no merit
and no safety in it, they do object to paying twen-
ty-five dollars for every boiler. Remember that
some of these boats contain five and six boilers,
and that to pay five or six times twenty-five dol-
