232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
he shall receive embassadors and other public ministers;
lie shall take care that the laws ho faithfully executed, and
shall commission all the officers of the United Biatcs."
Here are h is whole po wers and duties prescribed.
He can exercise no other powers, and is required
to perform no other duties. He cannot assume
the powers of a legislative character which may
be necessary to enable him to execute his office, for
it is expressly provided, in the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution, that Congress
shall—
" Make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powei?. and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of '
the United States, or in any department or oflicer thereof."
If, therefore, in case of rebellion or invasion .the
public safety shall require the suspension of the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, the President •
shall not assume the power to suspend, btitCon-
gressshall " make" a law suspending it, that this
power vested by the Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States may be earned into
execution.
Having shown, as I think, that the President
lias not the pow^r to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus, 1 propose now to show that
Congress alone has that power in the cases and
on the condition named in the Constitution. The
proof of this is furnished from the nature and
character of the act of suspension. The existence
of the privilege of the writ 13 recognized in the
Constitution. The issuing the writ 10 secure the
practical benefit o£ the privilege so li-cogmzed is
the result of a legislative enactment. When has it
ever been held, either in England or this country,
that any power except the legislative could sus-
pend an act of legislation ' Never.
Again: iho power to suspend in the cases and
■upon the requirement mentioned is cleaily con-
gressional, from the fact that the prohibition upon
thing else. According to the theory of the Eng-
lish constitution, the king is the fountain of honor,
ant! hence Ins authority to grant patents of nobil-
ity. No such theory under our Constitution pre-
vails in refeience to the President. His powers
are delegated in the Constitution. He cannot even
grant patents for useful inventions, which may be
done by authority of Congress. This is, in fact,
a prohibition upon Congress; for without it, not-
withstanding orders of nobility are manifestly
contrary to the genius of republican institutions,
the attempt to exercise such a power, it not being
prohibited, might have been made by Congress.
To prevent the attempt to exercise such a power
this prohibition was manifestly inserted, and such
has been the opinion of every commentator who
has written upon the Constitution.
Again: Congress is the depository of this power,
according to the settled judgment of the men who
framed the Constitution and those cotemporaneous
with its foimation. The first occasion for the
practical consideration of the question arose in
1807, and grew out of the alleged conspiracy of
Aaron Burr. Thomas Jefferson was President,
and James Madison, who had much to do with
the framing of that instrument, and who is uni-
versally admitted to have had as correct aknowl
the subject, as. bath been said. In the United State? it can
be susp'-'nd^d only by the authoi lty of but not
whenever Congithink p'opT; foi u cannot be su^
ponded unle&sln cases of netu U rebellion or invasion. A
&Ui«pcnMon under any 01 her c.rcnm-tancos-, whatever might
be the pretext,would be unconstitutional, and consequently
muft be disregarded by those whoso duty it is to grant til©
writ."
Judge Story, in His Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, sections 1333-1342, remarks:
«• It would seem that as the power in given to Congress
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in cases of rebellion
and invasion, that the n<?bt to jud?c whether the exigency
had ansen mu^t exclusively belong to that body."
Tho honorable Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
| Field,] in his very able speech of yesterday,
! seemed to think that Judge Story had not suffi-
i cienily considered this question. I submit, Mr.
! Picsident, that Joseph Story, in solemnly writing
j his Commentaries upon the Constitution of the
| United States, would not thoughtlessly or care-
' lessly expressan opinion which was to be regarded
* by his countrymen as constitutional law for all
j time to come.
I Finally, that the power to suspend this writ is
j vested in Congress, and not in the President,has
j been judicially determined. Bolirnan and Swart-
[ wont", after having been committed by the cncuit
court of the District of Columbia, as before stated,
on affidavits charging them with treason, made by-
Generals Wilkinson, Eaton, and others; and the
two former were sent to the Districtof Columbia;
and thereupon, on the 26 th of January, 1807, Mr.
Jefferson sent to the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives the following message:
u I leceived from General Wilkinson, on the 23d instant,
his affidavit, chaining riamuel Swaiuvout, Peter V. Ogdcn,
and James Alexander with the cumes described in the
affidavit, a copy of which is now communicated to both
tune that Swartwout and Bollman, two of the persons ap-
pi ehctided by him. were arrived in this city in custody each
r immediately delivered to the At-
atesin this dibtnctthe evidence ie-
... ...d nsanw them, with instructions to lay the same
bel'oie the judges, and apply for their process to bring the
accused to justice, and put into his hands otdeis to the
oiTie< having them m custody to dehvei them to the mar-
si). il on his application."
Upon these affidavits, and after an investigation
of the cases, they were committed by the circuit
court of the district to await their trial for treason.
Neither Mr. Jefferson nor Mr. Madison supposed
the power of suspension U found m that article 'i of Conor**. It was u.mmincul to me at tl.o same
and section of the Constitution which relates ex- '  
clusively to tho powers of Congiess, and was ;j of ;l mihtaiy oliicei. I
deliberately placed there by the ft timers of the ,j toin*\vof the United Sta
Constitution. I know that it has been urged by !
the honorable Senators from Indiana and New i
Jersey, and by otheis, that no just infeioneo as -
to the depository of tins power can be drawn fi om i
this fact, because they say there aie two clauses in |
that section "directly limiting the power ot the !
President; first, in relation to drawing money j
from the Treasury, and, secondly, in reference to ;
titles of nobility." This is a mistake. The first ,
of these prohibitions is as follows: i
" No money shall be diawn nom theTieasury hut in con- ;
sequence of appiopi atiotH made by law; and a leuular ;
statement and account of the icceipts and eKpendmuct- of ;
all public ntonev shall lie published irom time to time." i
The meaning of this provision i«, that Congress
shall not authorize or allow money to be drawn
by anybody, or for any purpose, from the Treas-
ury without having first made by law a specific
appropriation fur that purpose; and, to pievent
any evasion or violation of tins prohibition, they
shall cause to be published from time to time " a
regular statement and account of the receipts and
expenditures of all public money;" and, m com-
pliance with this requirement of the Constitution,
Congress has annually caused such publication to
bo made. The Secretary of the Treasury makes
his report directly to Congress,and they annually,
m compliance with this provision of the Consti-
tution, order its publication. The piovision,
although negative in form, may neveitheless be
consti ued as affirmative in character, so as to mean
that appropriations of the public money shall
alone be made by law of Congress, and that such
appropriations shall be necessary to the drawing
money from the Treasury; and that publication
of the receipts and expenditures of all public
money shall, from time to time, be made by Con-
gress, as the evidence that this provision of the
Constitution has not been infracted or evaded.
The other prohibition alleged to be upon the
power of tiie President is that—
"No title of nobility &hall be granted by the United
States."
The assumption that this is a restriction upon
the power of the President arises from the fallacy
of supposing that without it the power in this re-
spect of the President would have been coexten-
sive with that of the English sovereign; whereas,
without any prohibition expressed in the Consti-
tution, he would have had no authority to grant
p&tents of nobility* or patents in relation to any*
of the court upon their discharge, remaiked:
I! at nnv time the public eafe\v -hoti!d lequiie the sus-
pension of tne power* vi^fd by tins act [the habeas corpus
act of I7S9] in tlie court* ot the United States, it is for tiie
Legistatur c to say so."—4 Cranch, 75.
I know, Mr. President, that it has been said
during this debate—it was said before by Mr. Bm-
ney, it has been said by several gentlemen who
have during the existence of these troubles written
in reference to the powers of the President in re-
lation to this question—that that was not a point
necessary to determine the case, that the question
was not before the court, and we are told so by gen-
tlemen who would have you think that the solemn
declaration recorded m a judicial opinion deliv-
ered by such a man as John Matshall, of great,
universal legal learning, is what they called obiter
dictum, and is not to be considered by the Con-
gress of the United States, by the President of the
United States, and by the people of this country,
of as great weight as the .opinion of these great
luminaries of the law to whom the Senator from
y suppose they
a light to commit on the affidavits even of Wil-
kinson and Eaton; but, in striking contrast with
the examples of the present day, they delivered
the accused over to the civil tribunals. A bill was
immediately introduced into the Senate, read three
times in one day, and passed without debate, not
authorizing the President to suspend, but propos-
ing by act of Congress to suspend the privilege of ;
the writ of habeas corpus during the term of three 1
months, preference to all persons "charged on
oath with treason, mispnsion of tieason, or other
high crime or misdemeanor endangering the peace,
safety, or neutrality of the United States," and
who had been or should be ii arrested or impris-
oned by virtue of any warrant or authority of the
President of the United States or from the chief
executive magistrate of any State or territorial
government, or from any person acting under the
direction or authority of the President of the Uni-
ted States." Tins bill was sent to the House; and
a motion being made that the bill be rejected, it
was very ably debated for a whole day, and the
motion passed in the affrimative by a vote of 113
yeas to 19 nays. Every member who participated
in the debate admitted the power of suspension,
under proper circumstances and by proper bill,
to be in Congress. No one alleged the power to
exist in the President.
who studies the principles of law, and wishes to
acquire correct information in relation thereto, will
seek the sources of knowledge even in the obiter
| dicta of John Marshall sooner than in opinions
1 which have recently flooded the land to sustain
, the tottering fortunes of an Administration.
S Again, sir, is it possible that your judges of the
! Supreme Court of the United States can have for
i years deliberately expressed opinions which arc
: now to be regarded as nothing? I refer,also, as
| to the opinion of the judges of the Supreme Court
! in a case before them, to the decision in cx parte
\ Kane,(14£ioward, 147 ) Mr. Justice Nelson, in
' deciding that case, distinctly expressed the opin-
ion that the power to suspend the pnvilege of the
writ of habeas corpus was m Congress alone; and
his opinion was adopted by Justices Taney and
Daniel, and not dissented from, as far as appears,
; by any of the judges.
| The last authority which I will cite is the ex-
| haustive opinion of the present venerable Chief
: Justice of the United States in the case of Mer-
; ryman. This opinion was delivered since our
! present troubles commenced, and the wholecoun-
; try is familiar with it. 1 will not extract from
' that which, as a whole, is so symmetrical and
conclusive. It has never been answered, and will
forever lemain unanswerable.
It will be seen, Mr. President, by reference to
every commentator who has written on the sub- :
joct. 1 cite the opinions of two. In Tucker's I
Blackstone, volume one, appendix, page 292, it is !
declared, as follows: j
i: In England the benefit of thU important wnt [the writ j
of habcus'corpM} can only be suspended by authority of i
Parliament, it ha* been done &everai timo  of late years, j
fcfoth m -pnglautt Suii in Ireiantl* to thfc great OpprUssilei tjf '
izing the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
in cases of rebellion and invasion. In my judg-
ment they voted wisely; for while, if wisely ob~
seived—and the power which it confers should
never be invoked except in accordance with the
intention and for the purpose contemplated by the
fratners of that instrument and by the authority
