1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Congress—much evil might not result from it,
an unwarranted departure from that purpose by
this Administration has shown that this provision
has been most unfortunate for the liberties of the
people. The possibility that this power might be
abused, or made the means of oppression, was
foreseen and made known by some of the wisest
members of that Convention, and assigned by
some of them as a reason for withholding their
assent from its adoption. The address of Luther
Martin to the Legislature of Maryland contains
this remarkable passage:
" By the next paragraph, the General Government is to
have the power of sii-pendm? the habeas corpus act in ca^es
of rebellion or invasion. As the State governments have
a power of suspending the habeas coipm act in those casus,
it was '-aid theio \va-"ito reason for giving *ueh a power to
the Geneial Government, Miiee, whenever the State which
Is invaded or in which an in-urrection takes place finds it*
safety icrjuire* it. it will make iw ot that power : and it
was urged that it wo gave tin? powei to the General Gov-
ernment, if would he an en^ne of oppression in its hands;
since whenever a folate should oppose it? view*, however
arbitrary and unconstitutional, and leruse submission to
them, the General Government may declare it an act of te-
bellion, and, suspending flic habeas coi}>us act, may seize
upon the prisons ot tbd^e advocates of I'leedom who have
had viitue and ret-olution enough to excite the opposition,
and may imprison them during its pleasure ui the lemotest
pari ot the Union, so that a citizen of Gcoigui nhgiif In;
tilcA in the i'tn tiiest pait c>( New Hampshire, or a citizen of
New Ilamp.-hne m the fitithest extienie to tlie South, cut
offhom their family, their friends, and theircveiv connec-
tion. Tin-se consideration^ induced me, sir, to give m>
negative also to tins clause.*'
How prophetic! How more than realized by
the country now ! But, sir, even the great wisdom
of the framers of the Constitution could not fore-
see that it was possible that a man might be placed
in the presidential chair tn less than eighty years
from the adoption of the Constitution who should
so play the tyrant as to arrest peaceable citizens
in States not refusing submission to the General
Government, and bastile them during his pleasure
"in the remotest part of the Union." Sir, hud
our fathets known that such acts of intolerable,
oppression could be practiced in the name of lib-
erty, and would be submitted to by the people, I
verily believe they never would have formed the
Federal Union.
Mr. President, notwithstanding that Congress
alone can rightfully suspend the privilege of the
writof habeas corpus t Abraham Lincoln, elected to
be President of the United States, but by his acts
assuming to be tyrant over the liberties and lives
of his countiymen, has had tlie audacity before
man, and the temerity before Heaven, to presume
to suspend, by his proclamation of the 24th of
September last, the privilege of this writ, not only
in the States in revolt, but throughout the whole
United States; to seize peaceable citizens in my
and other States, and to "bastile" them in "the
remotest part of the Union;"and " hear it, oh ye
heavens; and give car, oh earth !" the patient and
long suffering people of tins country have tamely
submitted to this exercise of despotic power. Not
satisfied with this usurpation of power, he has
proclaimed that "all rebels and insurgents, their
aiders and abettors," nut only m the States in re-
volt, but "within the United States, and all persons
discouraging enlistments, resisting militia diafts,
01 guilty of any disloyal practice"—a supposed
offense, one created by himself, unknown to the
constitution and laws of any civilized or barbar-
ous people on earth, undefined even by him, and
the definition of which rests solely m Ins own
arbitraly will—"affording aid and eomfoit to the
rebels against the authority of the United States,
shall be subject to martial hm\ and hable to trial
and punishment by courts-martial or military com-
mission." And that there shall nut be any possibil-
ity that the victims of his oppression shall escape
his vengeance, he has declared thel "the writ of
habeas corpus is suspended in respect toall persons
ariested," even before the pretended suspension,
"or who are now, or hereafter during the rebellion
shall be, imprisoned in any foit, camp, arsenal,
military prison, or other place of confinement, by
avy military authority, or by the sentence of any
court-martial or military commission." Since the
institution of civil governments, since the forma-
tion of human society, since God made man, there
never has been such an unwarranted assumption
of power, or such a despotic exercise of it; and,
regardless of personal consequences, I will, in
behalf of my countrymen, in the name of the vio-
lated Constitution ot my country, and in defense
of civil liberty t protest against it; and he that says
that for so doing f am disloyal to my country, lies
before men and in the presence of high Heaven.
I use this language because every miserable
abolition press and abolitionist in the land dares
to charge with disloyalty a man who honestly
utters his sentiments differing from the views and
policy of this Administration. It may be that I
manifest some feeling on this subject; it may be
that I manifest more than some persons think I
ought to exhibit; but I have been made to feel on
this subject; my constituents have suffered; and
while I stand in this Senate a representative, it is
true, of the sovereignty of one of the smallest
States of this Union, I will discharge my duty to
the people of that Slate, though the heavens them-
selves should fall.
Sir, it may be said that there is no danger to the
loyal citizen from this assumption of power on the
part of the President; that he is honest; that his
only object is to suppress the rebellion, and that
the innocentwill in no mannersuffer. Suchacon-
fidence may well become the willing slaves of
power or the conscious tools of despotism. It
becomes not me. "The price of liberty is eternal
vigilance." The best guarantee of liberty is the
observance of the Constitution of one's country.
I have no confidence in the honesty of any man
who, after having solemnly sworn to "preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States," can so flagrantly attempt its destruction.
I know that there is danger to the liberty of the
citizen from this assumption of power. I know
that the innocent have suffered from it. I know
that peaceable and unoflendingcitizens of my own
State have been "bastiled" in different parts of j
the United States—" cntotf from thcirfamily, their i
friends, and their every connection." In behalf1
of the people of my State, I have appealed in per- |
son to the President, and to his Secretary of War.
My appeal has been in vain. I have appealed to
this body to make respectful inquiry in refeience
to the cause of their oppression. My appeal has
been refused. 1 make no other and no more,
except to my fellow-citizens of my own State.
While 1 ever have and ever shall counsel my State
to be the last to abandon the Federal Union,into j
which she was first to enter, and to patiently wait i
and hear until returnw% reason shall convince all 1
sections that the best security for their rights of J
life, liberty, and property, is in that Union and ;
under that Constitution which our fathers formed, ,
and the dismembered sections of that Union may :
from this conviction again become reunited', yet j
{ now and here say to the people of my State— !
speaking to them as individuals who are conscious ,
that they have ever been true and faithful to the |
Constitution and lawsof theireountry—being con- :
serous of your innocence of just cause of offense, ,
let no minion of despotic power hereafter ariest
or imprison you, unless in accordance with the !
law of the land. Against wrongful arrest defend :
yourselves; and in that defense use just that |
amount of force which is necessary for your pro- \
taction; and whatever shall be the result, your con- l
duct will be in accordance with the law of the
land, and will meet the approval of a righteous ,
God. If you shall fall in defense of your rights, :
you will leave as a h-gaey to your children or your '
fi lends an imperishable renown. Your name will ;
be ticinsmittrd to future generations in the glorious
catalogiH of thotoe who have bravely died in de-
fense of liberty, and will be remembered to the ,
latest " syllable of recorded timo." j
l)ut, sir, let us examine the provisions of this !
extraordinary document, m connection with the .
rights of the citizen guarantied by the Federal
Constitution. The Constitution declares that— ,
" Xo person shall ho Ik id to answer for a capita L or other-
ww' iiuamon o;iu< , un!< on a presentment or nulift- ,
nvnr of a  iand jmy. except in rase4- aii.-inirm the haul or 1
naval force'-:, or in the ruli^a, when in actual service in
time ofwai ; nor he deprived of life, liberty, oj piopeity 1
without due j)ioci"-s of law.'' j
When there is no offense, no crime, of course '
lie shall not be held to answer at all. Crime can '
only be defined or declared by lav/. The Pres-
ident declares that not only persons engaged in ,
the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when
in active service in time of svar, but all iebelsand
insurgents, then* aiders and abettors, within the i
United States, shall aiiswn, not as the Constitu- ;
ti'~>n provides upon presentmeni or indictment of ,
a grand jury, but by arraignment before a court- ;
martial or military commission. A rebel or in- j
surgont, their aiders and abettors* are guilty of!
treason. Treason is both a capital and an infa-
mous crime. It is defined in the Constitution, as
follows:
" Tiea^on rurainstthc United States sba!) consist only In
levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
gtvingthein aid and comfort."
By the Constitution, a person charged with this
crime shall not be held to answer for it unless on
apreaentmentorindictment of a grand jury. But
this assumption of power does not satisfy the
President. He makes (declares) a new crime—
the crime of "disloyal practices." Mr. Presi-
dent, for twenty years I have studied and tried to
understand the law of the land. For seventeen
years I have practiced in the courts. During
twelve years of that time i have, defended persons
charged with almost every crime known to tho
criminal code. For five years* as the law officer
of my State, I prosecuted in the criminal courts,
and endeavored to familiarize myself with th©
principles of the criminal law. But 1 confess, sir,
thatneverdid 1 read or hear of the crime of "dis-
loyal practices" utuil it was proclaimed by Abra-
ham Lincoln. lie does not define it; he does not
inform the American people what it is, that they
may avoid its commission; that secret he keeps
locked up in his own discretion. Buthe proclaims
that all persons guilty of this no-ciime shall also
be subject to martial law and liable to be trie'd and
punished by courts-martial or military commis-
sion. Caligula hung up his bloody code of laws
so high that ihe people could not read them. The
President, not to be surpassed in cruelty, will not
allow his to be defined.
But, sir, what is martial law, to which every man
in tho United States, contrary to the Constitution,
is made subject by this proclamation^ and what
are com ts-martialand military commissions? The
Duke of Wellington, who ought to be good
authority upon this subject, in a debate in Parlia-
ment declared that martial law was neither more
nor less than the will of the general who commands
the army, and he contended that the "general who
declared martial lawand commanded thatitshould
be carried into effect was bound to lay down dis-
tinctly the rules and regulations and limits accord-
, mgto which his will was to be carried out." The
; President of the United States is Commander-irc-
! Chief of the Atmyof the United States. Under
[ his proclamation, what he wills to b^ disloyal
I practices are such. Any one whom he wills may
! bo arrested as a violator of his will. The law by
! which he declares a violator of his will shall be
| tried is his will. The tribunal by which the grave
< offender is to be tried is constituted as the Pres-
i ident wills, for the military commission is ap-
! pointed by his authority alone. The punishment
j inflicted, if the President wills that his will has
' been violated, is just what the President wills, no
I moic, no less. It may be the deprivation of life,
I liberty, or property, either or all. The Constitu-
| lion declares thatno one shall be deprived of these
| without due piocess of law. But'what is the
! Constitution when we have a President that has
a will ? All these things the President professes
to have done to save tho Union and preserve the
Constitution. Is he mad?
Among all the causes that have been potential
in dmdi.ig public sentiment and preventing con-
cert and harmony of action in the adhering States,
none have been more so than these usurpations
of power and acts of oppression by the President.
The question ceased to be so much whether ne-
groes shall be free, as, shall white men be made
slaves? Every bastile has been more disastrous
to the Union cause than an army lost, and every
wrongful imprisonment of the citizen more inju-
rious than a defeat.
Another measure adopted by the President, pro-
fessedly as a nccessary measure to suppress rebel-
lion, is his proclamation of the 1st instant, pro-
claiming freedom to nearly three million of slaves
in the revolted States. Abrntumfulmen. A Pope's
bull, as lie himself has well said, against the comet.
Are the slaves whom he declares free in his posses-
sion or that of their masters ? Has he or they con-
trol over them ? Can his paper bull give them prac-
tical liberty? If jt can, surely it can do some other
and more efficient things to waid suppressing rebel-
lion. If it is sopotcntiul, why not issue another de-
claring that the eyes of the rebels shall ail imme-
diately drop out? They could not then see to
against him. Why not still another, that the guilty
sinners shall all immediately become lame? They
