234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
could not then march against him. And yet an-
other, that every nerve of every rebel shall be im-
mediately enervated? They could not then lire a
gun or draw a sword. Still another, that Rich-
mond is taken? They then would have 110 capi-
tal. One more, that they arc all dead without
heirs? Then, indeed, their possessions wouldall
escheat, and without the aid of a confiscation bill
could be parceled out among the thousands of
disinterested but hopeful and expectant patriots
who are impatiently waiting for the time to come
when they shall be bidden to go down and pos-
sess the "gdodly land." Mr. President, while this
utterly unconstitutional and abominably wicked
proclamation can be of no service toward restor-
ing the Union, it will, while unrevoked and at-
tempted to be executed, forever prevent a peace-
ful reunion of the Spates. I say peaceful reunion,
for I never dreamed of a reunion by force. You
ne*er can conquer the South. That many peo-
ple, inhabiting that extentof territory, have never
been conquered since the world began so as to be
made permanently to live m political connection
with another people against their will. You can-
not restore the Union by force, it never could
have been preserved by force. Would some mod-
ern slave-freeing patriot hear what a wiser man
than Abraham Lincoln has said on this subject?
Would some modern patriot who questions the
loyalty of all those who differ in opinion from
himself; would some patriotic editor of a news-
paper which, perhaps, may denounce me as dis-
loyal, because I have uttered this sentiment, listen
to whatagroatcr man than the present Executive,
or even than a mighty editor or a scribbler for
some obscure newspaper has said ? If so, i invite
his attention to the words of John Gluincy Adams
in referenc*to this very matter. Was he a dis-
unionist, was he a secessionist because he did not
believe that a Government created by consent, and
united by the affections of the people, could be
kept together and preserved by force, when the
people of the different sections had become alien-
ated15 If he was not a disunionist or secessionist
for believing that, what reason have the modern
pretenders to patriotism, but whose patriotism,
however, in too many eases lesults from public
contracts, or from feeding at the public cnb, to
charge me ancl those who think with me with
being disloyal to the Government of my country,
or to the Constitution and laws of the land, be-
cause we believe as he believed? What interest
have I to be disloyal to the Government and Con-
stitution of my country? What benefit could se-
cession bring to me or my people? Do wo wish
to invoke fire and swoid to sweep over our little
State? Do'we want the contending factions, mad-
dened, devilish, profane, to tread our soil and
destroy our substance ? .No, sir; wc only pray
that the God of heaven may even now aid the be-
nighted counsels of tins Admuiishatiori that they
may letrace their steps, and that, by putdence of
action and wisdom of counsel, they may again
cause one national Hag to wave not only over the
State of Delaware and the States now m the Con-
federacy, but again to wave fiom the Lakes to the
Gulf, and from ocean to ocean, the emblem of a
united, happy, prosperous, and great people.
But, sir, I have digressed. I ''all attention to
the utterances of Mr. Adan\s m icference to these
questions that we may see whether those who now
entertain the opinions he did are piopurly to he
charged with being actuated by a different senti-
ment from that by which ho was actuated. 1 pre-
sume it will not be denied that Mr. Adams uttered
the words which 1 am about to read. I have not
the address in pamphlet form, but 1 have it taken
from a newspaper professing to give the time and
place, and the persons who were present on the
occasion. The extract which I shall read is con- j
tained in an address before the Historical Society
of New York, delivered m the city of New York
on the 30th of April, 1839. Mr. Adams aigued
m the address that no State had a right to nullify
an act of Congress, that no State had a right to
secede from the Union I believe every word he i
said in reference to bo tli those matters, and I choose ■
now, sir, to believe what he further said on that !
occasion when he declared: I
"But the indissoluble link of union between the people !
of rhe&cvoial States- ol' tins oonfedeMted nation iti.aftei ail, j
not^n th" but in Hie heau. It' the day should over j
come (may Heaven avert u !) when the affections of the peo- i
pie of these States be alienated fioin each othei; when Jj
the fiaternal spirit shall give way to cold indifference, or I!
collisions of interest shall fester into hatred, the bands of
political association will not long hold together parties no
longer attracted by the magnetism of conciliated interests
and kindly sympathies; and far better will it be for the peo-
ple of the disunited States to part in friendship from each
other, than to beheld together, by constraint. Then will
be the time for reverting to the precedents which occurred
at the formation and adoption of the Constitution, to form
again a more perfect union, by dissolving that which could
no longer bind, and to leave thp separated parts to be re-
united by the law of political gravitation to the center.55
Mr. President and Senators, I want no disso-
lution of this Union. 1 want to sec all the States
reunited; but I do not believe in your policy of
doing it. You had better take warning in time.
Do you not hear upon every breeze the utter-
ances, in a very populous and powerful section
of this country, that the folly of extremes has
dissolved the Union and plunged us into war, and
that the time may come when self-interest may
dictate that they, to escape the burdens which you
impose, and to have security for the future, may
be bound to form a union among themselves? It
may bo that the thing now is but in imagination.
It is for you to consider whether a persistence in
the insane policy of this Administration will not
lead to such a lamentable catastrophe.
The only means by which the Union can be
restored is the consent of the contending parties,
based upon such terms as shall be agreeable to
both. This proclamation declares that " the exec-
utive Government of the United States, including
the military and naval authorities thereof, will rec-
ognize and maintain the freedom of said" slaves.
The effect of this declaration is, that if the people
of the South shall at any time hereafter be willing
to return to their allegiance to the Government of
the United States, and to iive under the Constitu-
tion as it is and in the Union as it was, they shall
not be permitted to do so; that an absolute con-
dition to their return shall be the freedom of their
slaves and a continuance of the war until that free-
dom is recognized by them. This proclamation
solemnly commits this Administration to prose-
cute this war for the freedom of the slave, even
should every other cause of difficulty be adjusted;
the object for which I verily believed it was ac-
cepted and prosecuted by the Administration
from the beginning, and without which no war
would have been waged. If#*)rc effectually to pie-
vent a reunion, thi.s proclamation jnvites a servile
insurrection; for while impotently advising the
slaves to abstain from all violence, this is given
upon the condition that they arc not opposed by
their masters in theirefforts practically to become
free, for when acting in self-defense they may,
even under presidential advice, act with violence.
"And 1 hereby enjoin upon the persons so de-
clared to be free," says the President," to abstain
fiom all violence, unless in necessary self-de-
fVnse." These words, uttered amid the fiery or-
deal through which we now pass, will light "their
author down in dishonoi to the remotest genera-
tion." Let him not lay the flatteiing unction to
his soul that he will, on account of either " per-
sonal significance or insignificance," escape his-
tory. John Biown may be forgotten, but the
memory of Abraham Lincoln will never die. This
proclamation further declares that the slaves " of
suitable condition will be received into the armed
service of the United States, to garrison forts, po-
sitions, stations, and other places, and to man ves-
sels of all sorts in said service." The slave to be-
come the murderer of his mastei ! And this done
to restore the Union, and cause his master to con-
sent to live in political fellowship with those who
cause and approve it! Verily,
'• Judgment hath lied to biuti«h
And men have lo&t then teason."
Mr. President, in animadverting it may be with
apparent severity upon the action of the President,
and the means which he has unwisely, professedly,
adopted to restore the Union, I have been gov-
erned by no feelings of personal unkindness to
him. He, I, all of us, sink into utter littleness
amid the awful realities of this solemn hour. Amid
the throes of a nation's dissolution, and in view
of all the consequences to result from it; the giving
up of all that is glorious in the past; the destruc-
tion of all that was valuable in the present; the
resigning all that was bright in the future; the con-
fession that we have not been able to preserve the
rich heritage bequeathed us by a heroic, noble,
and patriotic ancestry, and the transmission to
our children of naught but the record of our polit-
ical follies and crimes, affords occasion only for
deepest self-abasement. Senators, can anything,
even now, be done to restore our once glorious
Union, and to preserve our once boasted nation-
ality? if so, we should he stimulated to make
the effort by the recollection of all our fathers did
for us; by all the blessings we shall lose; by all
the ills our children and our children's children,
for all generations, may be forced to suffer; and
that we may escape, not only the scorn and de-
risiod of the present, but that our memories may
not be cursed by the indignation of the wise and •
good for all time to come, lfmyfeeblevoicecould
now become potential, I would say, let hostilities
immediately cease throughout the whole land;
let an armistice, by mutual consent of contend-
ing parties, be immediately proclaimed; let both
sections, honorably,and as brave men, acknowl-
edge their faults, and, as far as possible, retract
their errors. Let the people of every State, North,
South, East, and West, through their delegates,
meet in a national convention, and there, imitating
the example of thcirfatheis,agree uponacommon
basis of union for all time to come. Then, indeed,
would a happy and multitudinous people raise
again, amid shouts of joy, that same old national
flag, with every star leset, and with no stripe
erased; and, chastened by affliction, and made
wiser by experience—lekindling the watchfires of
constitutional liberty upon every mountain top,
never again to be extinguished—renew their march
m the pathway to a common destiny of national
glory, greatness, and lcnown.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I shall not
pursue the debate in the direction which it has
taken. I shall not follow my friend the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Air. Powell,] in the
glowing and spirited eulogium which he delivered
the other day upon that great party which com-
menced with Aaron Burr, and ended, as we had
hoped, with James Buchanan; whose initial act
was the attempt to break down the Administration
of Washington, and whose final infamy was the
surrender of the defenses of the country. Doubt-
less, Mr. President, the impartial student of his-
tory will have occasion to note that, in all its
course, it has been illustrated, and too often led,
by men worthy of those who stood by its cradle,
and of those who lingered the mourners atits fall;
and if its acts, at no previous period, have paral-
leled those which in the closing months of its last
administiation embalmed it in the execration of
mankind, we must remember that it never before
had so fair an occasion to manifest its true spirit
and its real character, but that under all circum-
stances, and at all times, it remained true to its
mission, and never failed to accomplish all the
mischief in its power.
The rebellion that we are now fighting is the
logical sequence of the doctrines of that party, of
its insidious teachings and its flagrant practices,
of its disregard of law, its contempt of authority,
its aggrandizement of one section of the country
at the expense of the other, n nd its subordination
of every other interest to the perpetuation and ex-
tension of human bondage. The chiefs of that
party in the South are fighting against the Gov-
ernment; its chicfs in the North,"with some most
honorable exceptions,are voting against the Gov-
ernment. The former do notaffectto conceal their
gratification at the victories of the latter, and the
latter have rendered veiy important aid and en-
couragement to the former. It now stands before
the country clamoring for a more vigorous prose-
cution of the war, and opposing every measure
which is deemed just and necessary by those to
whom the people have intrusted the conduct of
the war. Airogant over the victories which it has
achieved in the absence of so many men fighting
the battles of their country, it talks openly of
amnesty to rebels in arms, and hints at restoring
a violated Constitution by overthrowing the power
atWashington and organizing a piovisional gov-
ernment in New Yoik"!
Mr. President, 1 would not disturb the com-
placency of any Senator who felicitates himself
on having belonged to that party, nnd who founds
his hopes of peacc and tranquillity upon bringing
it back to power, and restoring to this Chamber
Mason, and Shdell, and Toombs, nnd Davis, and
Wigfali; and to the other, Pryor, and Hmdman,
and Barksdale, and Kent. But, sir, I do not pro-
pose to go into the merits of the Democratic party.
I think that question has nothing to do with this
debate, and I did not introduce it.
