1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I understand that the men in whose behalf the
interposition of the Senate, is invoiced are able
now, and have been able at anytime during their
imprisonment, to release themselves by taking the
oath of allegiance—the same oath that you and I
and all of us took when we assumed our places
here—and that they refused to do it. I have this
on the highest authority. Mr. President, I have
no sort of sympathy with such men. They may
suffer a great deal, but they suffer of their own
choice; and I do not think the time of the Senate^
should be occupied m discussing the wrongs of
men who obstinately refuse to relieve them-
selves. An American citizen who lives under
the Constitution; who enjoys its protection, and
experiences its blessings, and yet refuses to sup-
port it, is entitled to no consideration here; and
if he is willing to suppoit the Constitution, why
should he not be willing to say so? 1 grant that,
technically, the Government lias no right to arrest
an innocent man and then demand any act or
word whatever as the condition of his enlarge- i
ment; and if this is done wantonly, it is a serious
offense against the liberty of the citizen; but in ,
times of great public peril, when treason is ram- !
pant m one section of the country, and stealthily !
lifting its head in the other, something must be,
conceded to the Government which cannot exer-
cise a proper vigilance overall the objects of just
suspicion without sometimes letting suspicion fall
upon innocent men. And, Mr. President, it an
innocent man be arrested, if he be subjected to no
unnecessary severity or restraint, and is released
whenever lie will take the oath of allegiance, it
may be a matter of great mortification and vex-
ation and annoyance to him—doubtless it is, in
many cases—but it is not a great gtievance for
him to bring here for remedy.
I cannot undeistand why any citizen should
refuse to take the oath of allegiance when called
upon to do so by competent authority. Were it
not that I hear gentlemen upon the other side,
whose loyalty I do not question, say ihat they
would not do it, I should say that no loyal Amer-
ican citizen should refuse to take it. A Senator on
the opposite side of the Chamber asked the other
day, " would you take the oath of allegiance on
compulsion ?" Sir, I would take it any way and
every day, as often at. anybody wished me to take
it I would be willing to take it three times a day,
as grace before meat. Indeed, I think there is
no form of expression in the language, except the
Lord's prayer, that an American citizen can oft-
ener take with advantage to his soul's health than
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. President, we have all suffered very much
in tins war. I suppose there is not a man here
who has not sufieied by it m his estate, if ho has
been fortunate enough to have any; and there are
thousands and ten of thousands of honest, indus-
trious men who have been utterly ruined by it;
and there are tens of thousands who have suffered
in a way that is not reckoned by the currency
which values this woild's goods. 1 cannot raise
my eyes in this Chamber but they rest upon some
Senator, the hope and pride of whose manhood,
the inheritor of whose name and honors, lies a
cold and moldering victim to this infernal wicked-
ness. Among the least of the sufferers arc those
whose wrongs consist in their being compelled,
reasonably or unreasonably, to that they will
support the Constitution of the United States; and
they are among the lost that shall receive relief or
sympathy from me.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator yield to me
a moment ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. Do i understand the Senator
to convey the idea that anybody who has been
imprisoned could be released on taking the oath
of allegiance ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do.
Mr. POWELL. I can say to the Senator that
such has not been the fact.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator specify
the cases ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir. I will specify the
instance of Mr. Stanton, of my own State, who
was, for six years, I think, ccrtainly for at least
four years, a member of the other House, who
proffered before General Mitchell, in Cincinnati,
to take the oath, and he was not allowed to do so.
He was then, by order of Mr. Seward, sent to
Fort La Fayette. He again proffered to take the
oath and give bond, but he was kept for several
months after that before he was released.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is he now in custody?
Mr. POWELL. Not now; but he proffeied to
take the oath both in Ohio and afterward from
his prison-house in the State of New York, and
the Secretary of State refused him release from
imprisonment for months after he made that offer;
and I can say to the Senator that this day there
languish on Johnson's Island four or five of my
constituents, from whom I have letters now at my
lodgings, declaring that they were willing to take
the oath, but they are there still; and when the
tyrants who put them there will choose to let
them out, I cannot tell. Those are facts known
to me.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I have been
assured upon the highest authority that there is
not, and has not been for months, any person con-
fined without process who could not release him-
self by taking the oath of allegiance, except some
contractors who are charged with enormous frauds
upon the Government; and I do not suppose they
have the sympathy of cither side of this Cham-
ber.
Mr. POWELL. I have no doubt that the Sen-
ator has the assurance he has stated, and I have
no doubt, further, that ho has stated precisely
what he believes, for I have the utmost confidence
in his integiity and good intentions; but 1 can
assure lnm'that the fact is not as he supposes; or
if it is, my constituents write untruths to me.
Mr. ANTHONY. To the, resolution of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury,] upon
which this debate has sprung up, although I be-
lieve the biU of the Senator fiom Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] is now nominally before the Senate, I
have no objection as it is proposed to be amended;
thai is, that it be addressed to the President of 1 he
United States, if not, in his opinion, incompatible
with the public interest to furnish the information.
I think that it is an unnecessary interposition in
behalf of men who have a remedy nearer, and a
better, before them, and that it is an unnecessary
vexation to the Executive; but I fancy he has so
many heavier ones pressing upon him that this
will not add much to tl«£ total weight. Rutin its
original fotm, I am prepared to take my share of
the"responsibility of voting it down, and of say-
ing to men, whether open tiaitors or secret syrn-
pathi7ors, if you will not support the Constitution
you shall not have its remedies.
Mr. 'WILKINSON. 1 move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until Mon-
day next at one o'clock, when I shall make some
remarks in reply to what the Senator from Dela-
ware has said.
The motion wasagiecdto.
PRINTING OK A DOCUMENT.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the message of
the President of the United States, transmuting,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, the report
of Hon. Reverdv Johnson as commissioner of the
United States at Now Orleans, be printed with the
accompanying papers
Mr. GRIMES. That motion, I suppose, goes
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LATHAM. Not necessaiily; not unless
the printing of extra numbers is called for, which
1 do not propose.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the rule to re-
quire the reference of all such motions to print, to
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clakk in
the chair.) The Chair understands the rule to re-
quire a reference of this motion to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. LATHAM. A motion to print a message
of the President of the United States?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. LATHAM subsequently said: I under-
stand that tliei e was no objection interposed to the
! motion that I made to print the message of the
' President communicating the report of Mr. John-
: son; and m the absence of any objection, the mo-
! tion may certainly be entertained by the Senate.
! The P RESIDING OFFICER. Theoider will
! be made if there be no objection on the part of any
I Senator. The Chair hears no objection, and the
! order to print will be made.
I GENERAL TWIGGS'S SWORDS.
I On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the joint resolution (S. No. 116) making disposi-
tion of the swords formerly the property of Da-
vid E. Twiggs, late brevet brigadier general in
the Army of the United States, was read a sec^,
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the reading.of the
President's message in relation to this matter, and.
the documents which accompanied it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The message
will be read when it shall have been obtained. It
is not at the Secretary's desk, but has been sent
for.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As the pa-
pers accompanying the resolution are notat hand,
I will not, at this late hour, press its consideration,
if the Senator desires to have the papers read. It
will take several minutes to read them, and prob-
ably the Senate does not wish to be detained at
this hour.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to have the papers read.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration ofexecutive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors weie reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 8, 1863.
The House met at twrlvc o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a biil to promote the efficiency of the
commissary department; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affaiis.
BATTLE OK NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. I-IOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, this being the
anniversary of the battle of New Oilcans, in com-
memoraiion of that victory, and in honor of the
memory of Andrew Jackson, I make the custom-
aiy motion that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to; there being,on a
division—ayes 15, noes 35.
MISSOURI EMANCIPATION BILL,
Messrs. WHITE-, of Indiana, POMEROY, and
LANSING, by unanimous consent, were allowed
to have their votes recorded on the passage of the
Missouri emancipation bill, and they accordingly
severally voted m the affirmative.
Mr. MALLORY recorded his vote in the neg-
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, cell
members who have not voted on the passage of
the Missouri emancipation bill, and desire to, will
be allowed to record their votes on that question.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, lepoited a bill to provide ways and
means for the suppoitof the Government; which
was read a iiist and second time, ordered to be
printed, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and made the special
order for Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, also
submitted an amendment he proposed to offer to
that bill; which was ordered to be printed.
W. A. KYANS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
moved that that committee be discharged from the
further consideiation of Senate bill No. 375, for
the relief of W. A. Evans, and that the same be
laid upon the table; which motion was agreed to.
JOHN SKIRTING.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported bark Senate bill No. 103, for the relief of
John Skirving, with the recommendation that it
do pass; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, arid, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be punted.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, made an adverse report on the bill in-
