1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will yield to the gentle-
man, if there bo no objection.
Mr. FENTON. 1 object to the gentleman
yielding the floor unless he yields it uncondition-
ally.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Very well. 1 only wanted
to say a word.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would yield to the gen-
tleman if I could do so without losing the floor;
hut objection being made, I must insist 011 my de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous ques-
tion on (he passage of the joint lesolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 should like to inquire
whether this man was ever in New Mexico ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. MAYNARD. Idesno to make this in-
quiry, if not out of order.
The SPEAKER. It is out of order, unless by
general consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr, F. A. CONKLING called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers wore not ordered.
The House divided on the passage of the joint
resolution; and there were—ayes 42, noes 15; no
quorum voting;.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and F. A. Conkmnto were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 25.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to leconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to leconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF NAME OK THE CONCORD, ETC.
Senate bill No. 520 to change the name of the
bark Concord to that of Rising Sun, and to au-
thorize the issue of an Ameiican legister to the
British colonial-built steam vessel City of To-
ronto, and to change her name to Frankfort, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was read through.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, it wum re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
CREW OF TIIK MONITOR.
Senate joint resolution (No. 130) to compensate
the crew of the United States steamer Monitor for
clothing and other property lost in the public ser-
vice, was taken from the Speaker's table,and read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution was pmu! through.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CHARLES F. ANDERSON.
Senate bill (No. 518) for the relief of-Charles
F. Anderson, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a fust and second time, and lefciied to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. YEAMAN. Some days since I reported
from the Committee on Military AfFaiis House
biil No. 698, for the benefit of the president and
directors of the Bardstown and Louisville Turn-
pike Company, Kentucky, which was intended to
he referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Frivatc Calendar. By some mistake it has
gone to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and as it is the only private bill on
that Calendar, { wish that it may be transferred
to the Private Calendar.
There being no objection, the change of refer-
ence was made.
EMMA L. FULLER.
Senate bill (jNo. 535) for the relief of Emmn L.
Fuller was tawen from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a thud reading; and
was accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
REGISTER TO THE BLUE BONNET.
Senate biil (No/476) to authorize the issue of
a register to the steam vessel Blue Bonnet, for-
merly a British colonial vessel, and to change her
name to Peconic, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce
POST ROUTE BILL.
House bill (No. 722) to establish certain post
routes was taken from the Speaker's table, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. COLFAX. There are a variety of post
routes put on by the Senate, which I suppose it
is not necessary to read. The Senate have also
added two independent sections, which the House
will, I presume, desire to consider separately. I
move, therefoie, that the amendments of the Sen-
ate, adding post routes, be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
At the end of the bill add the following new section :
bEC. 2. *2>i<2 be Uf mther enacted, Thatilic true intent and
meaning of the eighlli section of the act entitled '£ An act
making appropriations for the service of the Pom Office Dc-
parttnent'during the fiscal year ending tiie 30th of June,
18G2,'' .shall be taken, doomed, and consHiued to be direct-
ory to the I'o.-tma&ter Geneial to make the mail service on
the route therein mentioned semi-weekly lor the pciiod
therein provided.
Mr. COLFAX. That amendment of the Senate
has reference to Minnesota. At the time the bill
was passed for the overland mail to the Pacific
coast, it was provided that there should be a semi-
weekly mail established in the western part of
Minnesota. The section not being mandatory,
although intended to be so, the mail provided for
has never been established. The amendment of
the Senate, therefore, only carries out the exist-
ing law, and I hope that it will be concuned in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate is as follows:
Add at the end of the bill the following new section :
Sec. 3. jhulbcit further enacted. That the Overland Mail
Company, no.v ens't«ud in carrvinjx tlie United States nrul
fiom St. Jo^pii, Mifsonn, to Plaeciviile, California, shall
have the privilege ol occupying the public lands where their
bi.uioi^ rue fu< d, at tho rate of not more than one for evciy
ten miles of the unite on which said company entry the said
mail,andshall have <1 preemption right therein of any land,
not mineral, and not disposed of oi tes-erved. or to "which
a preemption '>r home-ti'.ui Hnim has not attached when
the same shall he biougiit into market, to the extent of one
luindicd and sixty aeie^, to be selected contiguous to, and
to include their improvements-; paid preemption right being
in hen of the same hetetofore granted by the twelfth sec-
tion of iht* act appioved 3d Maich, 1857, entitled k< An act
making appiopuatinn* lor tin' seiviee of the Post Office
Department dining the fiscal year ending June 30, I808."
Mr. COLFAX. That isan amend mcntm which
the members from the Pacific coast are specially
interested, and I will yield the floor to them, in
order that they may explain its piovisions.
Mr. PHELPS, ofCaliforma. A few words will
'•xplain this amendment of the Senate. It is in
accordance with the twelfth section of the act of
Congress of 1857, establishing the overland mail
route. By that section ft was enacted that the con-
tiactors should have tho right of preemption to
three hundred and twenty acies of land not al-
ready disposed of, at each point necessary for a
station, not to be nearer tlum ten irises to each
other, and provided that ail mineral lands shall be
exempt. By subsequent legislation the overland
mail on the southern route has been transferred
to the central and northern route; but in making
the transfer, this provision in reference to the right
of preemption of the land about the stations was
entirely overlooked. The amendment of the Sen-
ate now underconsideration supplies that omission
of the law.
Mr. Speaker, there is a special reason why this
amendment should paes. It is necessary that the
Ovetlund Mail Company should have the control
of that much land about their stations. There are
roving bands of Indians throughout that whole
country. They gather more or less about these
stations, and life and property will be rendered
very insecure if spirituous liquors are permitted
to be sold in the neighborhood. It was on that
ground that the right of preemption or the control
of the land about the stations was granted in a
previous law. By the act of 1857 the company
had a right to preempt three hundred and twenty
acres of land; but by this amendmentof the Sen-
ate the company can only preempt one hundred
and bixty acres at each station. This is neces-
sary, as I have stated, in order to exclude all grog-
genes and rtimmeries from the vicinity, and to
save the lives and property of the company and
those employed by it from the depredations of
prowling Indian bands. The amendment does
not give them title to the land at all; it merely al-
lows them the rights of preenaptors, so that when
the land is brought into market they may come
forward and purchase where their different sta-
tions are built.
Now, sir, I recently had the pleasure of going
over this overland mail route. They have built
stations every ten, fifteen, or eighteen miles; and
they have put up some quite valuable stations—
especially those denominated "home stations," at
the end of the route of each driver. It is proper
that they should have an opportunity to protect
the property which they have put up at these
stations; most of them are very valuable im-
provements. I think it necessary for the Over-
land Mail Company, and for the emigrants cross-
ing there, that the company should have the right
to exclude these rummenes from their stations.
The amendment is a just and proper one, and I
hope it will be concurred in.
Mr. COLFAX demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the House to de-
cide at this time whether we shall have a recess
this afternoon, or sit an hour or two longer and
then adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The resolution provides for
the decision of that question at the hour of recess.
Mr WASHBURNE. The House can come
to some understanding on the subject by unani-
mous consent.
Mr.ANCONA. I object.
FRAUDS ON TIIE REVENUE.
The next, biil taken from the Speaker's table
was the bill of the Senate (No. 50G) to prevent and
punish frauds on the revenue, to provide for the
more certain and speedy collection of claims in
favor of the United States, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, with
leave to report at any lime.
j Theie was no objection, and it was ordered
j accotdingly.
j MAJOIt AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill (No. 5IG) to authorize an in-
crease in the number of major generals and brig-
adier goneials for the foices m the service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. OLIN. I wish that bill referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, with leave to re-
port at any time; or I would like to have the
[louse fix some day whon the business before the
Military Committee can be taken up and consid-
ered. I have been requested to make application
to the flouse to fix some day when the important
business of that committee may be taken up and
considered.
A Member. I object to any more special or-
ders.
j Mr. OLIN. I presume there will be no ohjee-
I tion to having the bill referred to the Committee
; on Military Affairs*, with leave to report at any
1 time, and I make that motion.
I There was no objection; and it was ordered
' accoiding-ly.
Mr. WiilGHT. Now fix a day when that biil
shall be considered.
Objection was made.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH REBELS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill (No. 451) to prevent correspond-
ence with the rebels; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COX. I ask my colleague to yield to mc in
01 der that 1 may move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary,
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 cannot yield for that mo-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
