236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
troduced yesterday by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts,* [Mr. Hooper,] to provide a national
currency secured by pledge of United States stocks
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof.
Mr. MORRIS. Let the bill be read.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have not the bill with me.
Mr. MORRIS. Then I object to the report.
FRANCIS II. PLUMMER.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, made a re-
port in the case of Francis H. Piummer; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
MAJOR GENERAL BUTLER.
The committees having been called through for
reports—
The SPEAKER announced, as the next busi-
ness m order, the call of States for resolutions,
under which the resolution offered by Mr. Hutch-
ins yesterday, and laid over till to-day, was first
to be considered, the pending question being on a
demand for the previous question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That the thanks of tins IIou$.fc:irc hereby tend-
ered to Majoi General Benjamin F. Butlerfot his energetic,
able, and humane administration during his command of
the department of the Gulf.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WOOD cemanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aldiich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bak< r, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Btair, Samuel
S. Blnu, Blake, Ijutimton. Birnhnm. Campbi II,Chamber-
lain, Clark, Clements. Collar, Ficderick A ConUlnur,
Roscoe Conklmu, Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwatd-, Eliot,
Elj, Teuton, Samuel C. Fe^scaden, Thoma- A D Fe-^en-
den, Fiahei. Gooeh, Goodwin, Gi.mget, Gmlev. Ibmi-on,
Hooper, Morton, Hnt^hins, Juhan, Keiley, Fiance W.
Keilo«<j, William KeiJog:;, Ktihttger. Lan-iug. Lehman,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mckean, MeKnisrht, McPluison,
Mitchell, Moorhead. \tv*on P. Mornll, Ju tin rf. Moru'l.
Nixon, Nodi, Oim, Timothv G. I'help-,, Bike, Pomerov,
Poiter, Alexander II. Rice, John II Rice, Edwaid [I Rol-
lins, Sargent, ^edsiwick, t^hell.ibanrer, i"Moan, Sp.mlding,
Stevens, Stratton, Tram, Trimble. Tmwbndse, Van llotn.
Van Valkenbuniii, Yerreo, Walker. Wall, Wallac", Wa-li-
burne, Wheelei, Albert S. White, Wilson, Wimiom, and
\Vore««tei—86.
NWS—Messrs. Wilham Allen, Riddle, William G.
Brown, Calvert, Conway, ("otmng. Cox. Dunlap, Hauling,
Jolnt.-son, Knapp, Law, Lazeat, Malloiy, May, Men/,ie-,
Morris, Noble, \*oiton. Pendleton, Perry. Sluel, John B
Steele, Stiles, Francis Thoma-, Vallaudigham, Yibbaid,
Wadsworth, Webster, WickluR;, and Wood— 31.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HUTCH INS moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was adopted; and also
moved to fay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SEX ATE.
A message from the Senate, by Air Forney,
their Secretary, informed the Hoiuso (hat the Sen-
ate had passed a bill and resolution of the Mouse
of the following titles, severally, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
Joint resolution (No. 125) to grant the use of
a portion of Judiciary square for a free library and
reading-room for soldiers, and a bill (No. G08;
presciibin^ the times and places for holding terms
of the circuit court for the district of Iowa, Min-
nesota, and Kansas.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 421) to forfeit the pay of absent
officers of the Army, and for other purposes; and
An act (No. 432) in relation to bounty, pay, and
emoluments to volunteer soldiers in certain cases.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM LOUISIANA.
Air. MAYNARD. I ri*e lo a privileged ques-
tion. I move that there be extended to the Rep-
resentatives eiect fiom Louisiana the usual cour-
tesy of seats in the Hall pending the investigation
of their claims to seats.
The motion was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION or THE REBELLION.
Mr. BLAIvE introduced the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That thk Hoikc earne^tlv demote- tho most
speedy and *'fiectuai measures taken to put down the rebel-
lion ; that any propositions lor peace or cessation of iiostd-
ities at this time on any terms other than an unconditional
s?ubmissuon of the rebels now m arms against the Govern-
ment to the requirement* of the Constitution and Jaws
would be pusillanimous and traitorous; that the members
ot this House do lieteby give the most earnest astmranco-i
to the people ot the United States that the} will eheeil'ully
co perate with the Picsident a-s Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy in any measures lie may deem proper,
sanctioned by the Constitution and tho laws of civilized
warfare, to strengthen the irnlitniy power of our gallant sol-
diers in the field defending the Government, and to weaken
that of the enemy laboring to destroy it.
Resolrcd, That the only alternative Government can or
ought at this time to oiTer to lebcis is, submit or be con-
quered.
Mr. WOOD, i move to lay the resolutions on
the table.
Mr. BLAKE. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Air. STEVENS. I suggest to the mover of the
resolutions that he postpone their consideration
until all the resolutions upon thissubject come up,
when they can be considered with the others.
That is better than to consider the matter piece-
meal.
Mr. WOOD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BLAKE. I move, then, that it be post-
;i poncd until the 14th instant.
I' The motion was agreed to.
j! Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso-
jj lutions; which were read, and postponed until the
j! 14th instant: \
Resolved. That the duty of maintaining the integrity of j
' the Union of tho States under the previa form of eovern- ;
!! nient, with the limitations ol the Constitution unimpaired. J
; is mo>t sacred and obiigatoty, and no proposition tending to
i destto_y tne Union, oi violate the obligations of theConiti- !
tution, can riglitin'lv be entertained ot considered by the '
rppre<entaliveb of the people in an\ ot the departments of
■ the Government. !
;' Revolted, Tiiat the free and unrestricted navigation of 1
' the Mississippi nver mu^t be uvtoied and maintained a- i
! the eommon ami absolute light otthe people of ail of the j
j i State*, and tho du'y to vindicate the >aine against evcy
effort to impair it, unpeiative, and cannot, undei ntu en- 1
I cum-tances, be abandoned by the Government of the Uui- ;
' ted States. I
,! PAYMASTERS IN THE ARMY. j
I Mr. COX introduced the following resolution,
'\ which was read, considered, and a^ieed to: !
i • Ile-'olvcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs bedi- !
reeted to consider the expediency of a bill tequtring the in-
; crca-e of the amount of the bond-? o! the paymaster-! in the .
j ■ Anny. and Mich otliei restrictions and penaltiesa> will in-
; sure a more tiu-nvorthy execution oi tiien ofiices,; orif, in
I the opinion of the committer, the, abolishment of-aid office |
and the ti.mefcr of th" dutie- thereot tocapt.nn^ of compa- ,
,• nies, oi vome oilier otlieer, can be made u ith a View to the ,
,, public seiviee, that they report a bill accmdingly. :
jj TERRITORIAL BUSINESS. !
Ii Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consentof !
]' the House that Fi iday of next week he set apart 1
! for the consideration of territorial business. !
' Air. TH0A1AS, of Massachusetts, objected.
II r IlE ED-MEN IN SOUTH CAROLYN V, ETC1. !
Mr. WICKLIFFE introduced the following
(l preamble and resolution; upon which he demand- '
' ed the previous question: j
Whetca?. lb- Stv-otan of the Trca^uiv. upon the enptut e
i, of Hilton [fca<{ and the plantations in ami about Port i o> al,
: a>^umed to take ciiaige ot the plantations and the slaves 1
found upon them, and of «ueh othei slaves a-? were cap-
: tured or sedticedtioni the po<se-sion of their owners in tli it
, portion of the States of South Carolina and Georgia, and a*
, Secret,uy ot the Tkm^ui v, and at public expense, under-
took to euluvatf the iaim.-, by tho slaw* thu- taken po-ses-
1 fciou of. appointed agent-, superintendent-, and managers, |
" and caused -chool-. to be estal)hshed. and teaclien- and in- !
1 Miuctor- to he cmploved to teach and educate the captured 1
■ ^lave-: and wheica<, alter said bu.-oie-> had been under
' the manac-'meii! of the Sceretaiy ot the Tiea-uiy itua-5
i | tramdeiied to tin' Scerctaiy of War, and whether titer e wa- ■
1 any t-ettlemont of aeeount^ of expense, and profit:- between
, the two D< paitment- is not known; and wlierea^,t!)e peo-
1 p'e have a light to knowhow and foi wliattlie punlie moiK-y
, has betui expended, and. more partieulai !> , as th.s i- thu
[ lif-t experiment oi piacncal fainnug by an\ Admsmstiation ■
! of lite {'in ted Stat! ami as it wa-> eoimnenced without the '
i au'hon'yor con-cnt of Congtess obtained, more particu-
i J i n ly at tti s time it j-5 requn< d that t he remit-* of thu cxper-
1, intents of the lust \ < ar -hould be known, a^ tho Secretary of
\^'ai give- u- to tindej-iand that lie contemplate^, a- a pait
i of, or the sequent ot the s\-tem of aboht.on, devoting the i
labor ot th^ treed ^lave-< to the cultivation of the planta- 1
1 tion^ and land .within the seceded States: Tiierelorc, i
Rcsot'-aL That the Secictary of the Trea-my and the >
!; Srci. fan of \V,it he msti ucteti" to make each a full repott ,
j ot thtir separate acting nod doings in rhe premise*, and
j pariicu!ail\ ou the following points: 1 The number, ages, ■
j; and sex of negroes over which tin1} have had each separate >
; tontiol irom tlnsl-t day ot Januaij, 18C2, engaged in agii- i
;i culture. 2 The number of farm-and acres ot land which ]
; have been cultivated by the-e slaves under their -upeivii.-
j| io,ij the pioducts m kitnl and quantity, and what di-po-~i-
jj tion ba- been made of tin; t-atuo ; if sold, when, wiiere,
jj and the pri^e received, and tiiodisposition of tne pfoceeds. ,
M 3. The number of agents, persons, or superintendents em- '
!' ployed in the business, male or female, and the salary or
!j amount paid each, and tlj^p duties aligned them 4. The
«! amount ot the entire r-um expended in the operation, and
jj for what subjects and objects expended, and out ot what
! approptiation of mom y was the ( xpendituro made ; to te-
i J poit copies of all eontracts for clot luna and supphe- for the
i: said negroes which have been made, as well those which
J j have been fuiliHed as those now in pi ogress ol completion.
i! Mv. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
j on the table.
,j Mr. WICKLIFFE. I demand the yeas and
!| nays.
ij The yeas and nays were ordered.
(| The question was put; and it was decided in
jl the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 50; as follows:
1 i YEAS—Mess*6?. Aldrieh. Alley, Arnold, Ashley. Babbitt,
,! Kakei, Baxter, IJ^aman, I'mgham, J.ieoh i>. HI an. Samuel
S. Blair, JHake, Buifnitou, Butnham, (Jamphell, Chamber-
!' Iain, Claik, Colfax. Frcdeuck A Conking, R<<sco«- C'onk-
jj ling. Davis. Dueil, Edgerton, Edvvatd-, Ehoi, EU, Fenton,
ji Samu<d Pc'senden, Timma^ A. 1). Fe--apd'm, Fi-her,
;, Fiank, Goo^h. Gm ley. rian i-on, Hooper, lit itch in-. Julian,
Kulley. Francii W" Keilojxg, William Koll Lansing,
<\ J^oveioy, TiOw, McKean, McKnigl'.r, M^c'.ieH. An^on P.
MoiiJll, Justin S MoirilL Nixon, Noe'.i, Oiui. Timothy G.
Phelp-, I'jke, Pomeio\, i'ortei, Alexand -r II. Rice, John
II Riee, U'dclte. Edvvai I II Uolim-, Sai^'uit, Sedgwick,
Shank-, Sheilabaiger, Sloan, Spauliimg, Stevens, Train,
j! Tumble, Trowbiidge. Van liom. Van Va'kenbm?h, Ver-
i1 roi, Walker, Wall, Wallaec. Wa.-hburiie, Wh''cioj, Albert
S White, Wii-on, W.ndom. and Wo-cc-ft—SI,
;■ NAYS—.Mo-ai.-. William Aden, I3auy, Uiddle. William
|' G. Blown, Calvert, Clements, Cot iiiu.g. Co\, Ci.ivens. Duu-
ij lap, Uutm. Giancror. Glide', II ill, II:itdm<?, Iloiman,
', Johnson, Kilhnger, Knapp, Law, Luzear, Le:uy, McPher-
son, Mallory. May. JMen^ie-, Moms, Noble, Is oi ton, Nugen,
i Pendleton, Petrv. Pticc.jn.ncs S. llolhn-5, Shic!, Smith,
1 John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiie-, Benjamin F.
1 Thoma-. Fiancis 'I hotna£:, \ aliandigitam, Vibbrud, Wads-
' worth. Webstci, WickiifTe, Wood, Woodiulf, and Y«a-
! man—00.
! So the resolution was laid on the table.
! LAIvE DEFENSES.
• Mr. F. A. CONIvLirsG, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Naval Afrciirs, sub-
mitted a report in response to a resolution of the
! House, upon the nav?I defenses of the gieat lakes,
i The ieport was laid upon the table, and ordered
. to be primed.
j MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT,
i A message from the President, by Air. Nico-
HYj his Piivate Secretary, informed the House
' that he had approved and signed an act to indem-
nify certain citizens of the United States residing
i in the State of Delaware for expenses incurred by
! them in defense of the United States.
j MONTHLY PAYMENTS TO THE ARMY.
I Air. LAW submitted the following resolution;
. which was read, considered, and agreed to:
RailvcS, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propti"ty and e\peii,cncy of
making monthly payment* to ciie officers and b ddiei- now
i m the -et vice ot the United States, and to report by bnl or
! otheiwi-e.
i COMMISSION TO ASSESS DAMAGES.
j Air. YE AM AN submitted the following res-
i olufion:
; Ucsohcd. That a special committee of' fj\ o bo appointed,
! with ducctjon -ro reportabul pioviduurfo'-theappo.ntment
orcoinmi--ioners who-c jiower atxl duly -h.JI he to .itttnd
in tho distt iet-= ot country pas-< d ovi oi occupied bv the
■ armies of the Tutted States dm in? lite pio-ent rebellion,
and hear and take piool of !os?c^ ^u-funed bv citizen-, and
caused by the pit.-ence oi eonduet ot the ^ald anntes, and
, al-o pioofo'"the loyah} oi tli-io\al!y of pel ,-on-prc-entmg
' such claim- ; and to m-tuiiznt-h tin* ko.d of piopcitj taken,
for what taken, and the value ot that neee—aiily consumed
and of that which wa- wantonly destroyed, in no ca<n tak-
iii^in tite esiimated coiiocquential damage-, but only the
actnal veduo; and make and letuin repoi t-, with the evi-
dence and their opinion on eaclt claim, to tin1 Court of
Claim4, at W.i-hmatoo ; and piovidins tb.it no -nch claim
shall be paid until approved bj said Const ol Claims.
1 Mr. ELIOT. I move to lay that resolution
upon the tabic.
; Mr. IJOLMAN. I desire fo say that the Com-
, rnittee of Claims expect to be prepared byTues-
' day next to report such a bill as that indicated in
; the resolution.
| Mr. COX. I hone the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will allow the resolution to be referred to
; the Committee of Claims.
I Mr. FENTON. I hope my friend from Mas-
, sachnsetts will accept of that modification of his
moiion.
j Mr. ELIOT. As I understand that the Com-
' mittee of Claims have the subject before them, I
will withdraw my motion.
: Mr. FENTON. I rnovo, then, that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Claims,
i The motion was agreed to.
