1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
was indorsed also by President Pierce and Sec-
retary Marcy. This brings me to the question
of the gentleman in reference to the treaty of Paris
made on the 16th of April, 1856. I have hereto-
fore, when this matter had no great significance,
discussed the question with reference to the treaty
of Paris. That treaty proposed to abolish pri-
vateering entirely. France insisted upon it, and
England coincided in the policy at that time. Mr.
Marcy proposed to accept that policy in behalf
of the American Government, and to enlarge its
benignant operation. lie therefore accepted iton
one vital condition; and that was that the pri-
vate property of the subjects and citizens of one
belligerent on the high seas should be exempted
from seizure by the public armed vessels of the other
belligerent, except contraband of war. In that
condition is to be found the American doctrine—
the "traditional policy." Mr. Marcy contended
that if it was right in principle to exempt private
property from spoliation by privateeis, it was
equally just to exempt private property upon the
sea from the spoliation of public armed cruiSers.
The principle at stake, which is the American
principle, was whether private property shall be
sacred upon the high seas from spoliation from
any quarter. That is the American principle,
sanctified by American tradition.
COURTS IN T1IK DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Ohio, I deshe to
ask the unanimous consent of the House that the
bill from the Senate to reorganize the courts of
the District of Columbia be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
IIOUH OF ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. FENTON, I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. COX. I will yield to any gentleman. Iam
not desirous of making a speech.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that we continue our session until
five o'clock and then adjourn, dispensing with the
evening session.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
LETTERS OF MARQUE AGAIN.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to detain the House
unnecessarily,but I do not think we can come to
a vote on this bill to-mirht.
Mr. McKNiGHT. 1 desire lo make an inquiry
of the gentleman. Did I understand him to say
that Secretary Marcy was m favor of abolishing
privnteei ing ?
Mr. COX. I said, in speaking of Secretary
Marcy's amendment (o the Pans convention, that
he was in favor of abolishing privateering, but
only on tin: condition that public aimed ciuisers
should be forbidden from spoliating upon private
property, excepting such ns is contraband of war.
Mr. McKNJGHT. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will read from Mr. Marcy's answer,
of the 13th of April, 1856, to Mr. Buchanan's dis-
patch. He said:
" Both Great Britain and France, af- well as Kus^in, feel
gieat concern as to the course which our citizen*, will take
in repaid to privateering. The two former 1'ower.s would
at this time mo-1 readily enter into a convention Mipuhurng
that the subjects oi citizens of the party, being a neiitiah
who ehall aecepi a commission or letter of marque and en-
gage in the pi ivateer .-crvi.ee, the other par tv being a btili-
tferent. ma> be treated a.s pirates. A stipulation to Huh
elFeot vva-. contained in several of our treauey, but I do not
think ihe Piesidein would permit it to be inserted in any
new one III4- objection lo it doc^ not miso fjom a desire
to have our citizens embark m foreign belliueumt acivice;
but, on the contrary, he would much icgiot to see them
take Mich a comae. Our ]a\v> go as iai as tho.se of any
nation—f think lurfhor— in laying lectramt5! upon them in
regard to couig into loretgn pnvalcer service Tin? Gov-
ernment is not piepatcd "to listen to any proportion tot a
total '•uppressioii of privateering. Jt would not enter into
any convention whereby it would preclude itself from re-
f-urting to the merchant marine of the country in case it
should becomo a belJigcrwrt paity.1"
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, 1 imagine that the
House and the whole country understand what
was Mr. Marcy's position. He never pioposed to
abobsh privateering except he got a valuable equiv-
alent in the interest of commerce and humanity.
He stood upon the principle, not that privateering
should be aboli shed, not that public cruisers should
be abolished, but that private property on the high
seas should be sacred from the spoliations of either,
lie took this giound m the interest of non-com-
batants, in the interest of innocent merchantmen,
in the interest of traders, carriers, producers, com-
merce. He wished to reduce naval warfare to a
duello between war ships upon the sea, even as
war upon the land, by the international code, is,
or ought to be, a duello between organized and
national armies.
Mr. MAYNARD. The ptiint to which I wish
the gentleman's attention is this. The object of
Secretary Marcy, as well as of other American
statesmen, has been to incorporate a new principle
into the law of nations upon the subject of war
upon the high seas. Of course we cannot do that
by ourselves. We can only do it with the assent
of the other principal nations of the earth. I un-
derstand that foreign nations have refused to in-
corporate this new principle into the laws of mari-
time warfare.
Mr. COX. The Paris convention, to which I
have referred, was agreed to by forty-six of the
maritime Powers of the world, including England
and France. We agreed to accept those proposi-
tions as amended by Mr. Marcy in the manner I
have stated. France has again and again agreed
to that proposition. Mr. Dayton says in his cor-
respondence with the Secretary of State last year
that it was entirely acceptable to France and to all
the other maritime Powers of Europe, except
England; but Great Britain has always opposed
the application of the Marcy amendment to the
Code International, and for the simple reason that
she has had, as compared with us, more cruisers in
proportion to her commcrce, while we have had
more commerce in pioportion to our cruisers. It
is, therefore, the interest of Great Britain to pre-
vent the enlargement of the Paris doctiinc of mari-
time law; while it is the interest of France and of
nil other maritime Powers, except England, to
accept the doctrine as amended by Mr. Marcy.
But, Mr. Speaker, 1 did not rise to make an
argument either for or against tins bill; 1 merely
desired to show the necessity of reforringit to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, or some other com-
mittee, where it may be properly examined. I
will quote only one paragiaph from a speech made
at the other cud of the Capitol by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations there, to
show the importance and gravity of this subject
with respect to our foreign relations and future
complications about them. He said:
" It is well Known, that according to ancient linage and
the law of nation*, every privateer is entitled to belligerent
iryht^ow of which is thai mopt diflieult, delicate, and dan-
geion-i right, the much-disputed right of 'search. There is
no right of vvai with icgard to \v hieh nations are more sen-
sitive, and no nation ha^ been more sensitive than oin own,
while none has ^ullercd moie lioni u.s cxeicisc. ll> virtue
of this i iglit, every licensed sea rover will be entitled to
stop and oveihaul on the ocean all ineichant vessel-,, under
whatcvei llag. Jl lie cannot caprnre, he can at lea-t annoy.
It he cannot make prize, lie can at least make trouble,and
leave behind a Ming."
How many annoyances to foreign Powers, espe-
cially to a Power anxious to find fault with us,
would spring from the exercise of this belligerent
right by semi-responsible private vessels sailing
uiuler a letter of marque. The object of priva-
tcenng is plunder. It has no national object, it
is drnatioimlizntion of the contest for private
greed. In the pursuitof such an unchivalric and
barbarous object, how many risks do we run of
difficulties with foreign Powers already predis-
posed to quarrel with us. Any member will see,
by consklenngthis proposilion, that there is great
danger, in this lime of peace with foreign nations,
in granting a right to the President, delegating to
him a power winch the Constitution confides to
Congress alone. In that view, sir, is it not a mat-
ter of grave deliberation whether we ought to lash
such a bill ns this through the House?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Ohio 13 under misapprehension in regard to this
subject. So far fi mil the subject being now sprung
on the House for the first time, a resolution of the
same character was introduced soon after the 1st
of January, referring the whole subject to the
Committee on Naval Affairs; and the matter has
been befoi e that com mitteo ever since. It has been
likewise extensively discussed in the press and in
the commercial cities of the country. As far as
I am able to undeistand the temper of the House
it is prepaied to pass this bill forthwith, and I
trust it will be passed before we adjourn this
evening.
Mr. SEDGWICIC. I tuqve to amend die mo-
tion by referring the bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which was the committee that re-
ported the bill in the Senate.
Mr. COX. I have no objection, if my colleagues
on the Committee on Foreign Affairs have none,
to the reference of this bill to the committee of
which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedg-
wick] is chairman. All I ask is that the matter may
be properly considered before we adopt a measure
which majrgive annoyance and complicate our
relations with foreign nations. This same ques-
tion was considered in the Committee on Foreign
Affairs for sometime, and I was instructed by that
committee to report certain resolutions looking to
the adoption of the Marcy amendment to the Paris
proposition, and looking to the abolishment, not
only of privateers, but of public cruisers so far as
they trenched on public property. I had the honor
last session to make a speech on this subject which
nobody regarded, for it had no significance then.
I knew it would have hereafter, and the hereafter
has come. I am glad that the practical Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs has considered this question;
and, for my part, I have no objection that it would
consider it further. It certainly should be con-
sidered before it is passed through this House in
a summary way.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedgwick] pro-
poses that this bill shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. Now, if it should go to
that committee without leave being given to report
at any time, it will be buried there. That com-
mittee will not be again called to report this ses-
sion. I believe that it is of great importance that
this bill should pass. I have received, as chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, resolutions
from the State of New York, and other documents
urging the immediate passage of such a measure;
and 1 hope that, unless the Naval Committee
shall have leave to report at any time, the House
will pass the bill before it adjourns this evening.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the bill will take that
direction, and that the consent of the House will
be given that the Committee on Naval Affairs
shall have leave to report at any time after the
morning hour.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to having it
brought back here at any time by the committee
which takes charge of it. Gentlemen must see that
1 mean no factious opposition to the bill.
Mr. McKNiGHT. I am opposed to the refer-
ence of the bill to any committee. We are now
near the close of the session. The Committee on
Foreign Affairs does not meet till next Wednes-
day, its regular day of session. If the bill goes
before that committee, it will give rise to discus-
sion; and as we do not ordinarily have more than
half an hour's session, I doubt very much whether
we would be able to come to any conclusion. I
find it. very difficult to have any special session of
that committee on any other day; and therefore
I do not believe we could act upon it in time.
Now, I presume that the Naval Committee also
has its hands full at this time. I do not see the
necessity of referring this bill to a committee at
all. The subject has been amply discussed in the
Senate, and we have all read the debates in that
bodjfupon it. Moreover, it is not proposed heie
at all that the President shall at once go to work
and issue letters of marque and reprisal. It sim-
ply gives authority to the President, in case a for-
eign war should be precipitated suddenly upon the
country during the recess of Congress, that bo
may use this power under certain rules and regu-
lations as laid down in international law. For
my part, 1 am willing to trust to the diplomacy of
our present Secretary of State in carrying out
these rules; for 1 believe that there is no wiser or
moie politic man in public life in this country.
[Laughter.] Whatever gentlemen may think as
to his views on our domestic affairs, I think that
nobody can dispute the assertion that, in our for-
eign affairs, the Secretary of State has managed
most admirably and adroitly our foreign corre-
spondence and diplomacy. And I think the coun-
try is deeply indebted to fiim. 1 will say, further,
that even in his views on our domestic policy, I
agree very much with the Secretary of State. At
least, 1 do not differ with him so much as my
fiiends of " the Mountain" or Red Republicans
on the extreme left, [laughter,] believing his po-
sition in this regard to have been greatly misrep-
resented, if not misunderstood, and that he has
been "more sinned against than sinning."
