1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
the support of the women and children who have
been left behind. We have asked (and the prop-
osition has passed tins House, and is now in the
other end of the Capitol) to raise an additional
force of twenty thousand men, for the purpose of
protecting our border—for the protection of those
women and children. We ask it for the protec-
tion of the Union. The protection of Kentucky
is the protection of Pennsylvania arid the Stales
of the Union. When we ask for a force to go to
Kentucky to protect her borders from the inva-
sion of the rebel guerrilla parties, it must be seen
that it will stand there also as a groat harrier to
the invasion of Pennsylvania, and of the States
north of it. It ought to be seen, when we ask
that force, that we do not ask for it in a spirit of
selfishness. We ask it for the protection of the
Government. The protection of Kentucky is the
protection of Pennsylvania and of other States.
In other words, the protection of Kentucky is the
protection of the whole people whose fortunes
have been cast north of her.
Gentlemen do not know, when they make dec-
larations of disloyalty against us, when they al-
lege that we have no patriotism, how we smart
under their injustice. Yet we have to submit to
these charges, under the previous question and
other rules, without having* an opportunity to
reply. What does it cost in Pennsylvania to
be a patriot, where a hostile foot has never been
planted? Perhaps Pennsylvaniadid feel thetiead
of the foe at Chambersburg. I acknowledge that
her people defended their border with manliness.
Butgn to a Stale where there ha«i been nomvnsion
by the rebels. How much does it cost to be a pa-
triot and a Union man in such a State? What
docs it cost to be a Union man where there is no
appearancc of treason, where there is entire una-
nimity m defense of the Union and the enforce-
ment of the laws? There are m those States no
differences of opinion founded upon conviction
strong enough to inducc them to take up arms
against each other. The people of my State have
suffered constantly from the raids ofguemlla par-
tics. Many of our own kindred have cast their
fortunes with the southern confederacy against
the Government. Kentucky has peopled in part
neaily every one of the southern States now m
rebellion. It is natural, therefore, that we should
have a fc( ling of sorrow, yea,.sympathy, for those
who, upon conviction, enteitain opinions hostile
to the opinions of loyal men. J say that it costs
much to be a Union man in the State of Kentucky.
All we ask,and we feel it to be impoitant,is that
it shall go forth from this whole House that the
Government deplores the condition of the border
States, that it loves them for their devotion to
the country, and that the clamor against them as
southern sympathizers shall forever cease. That
declaiation ought to spring unbidden from evety
hp m this House. We ha\ e never sought to de-
stroy this, the best Government the world ever
saw. So far as 1 am concerned, so far as my State
is concerned, I lepudiate the imputation that she
or her people sympathize with this rebellion.
Justice demands that 1 should do so.
Air. STEVEN'S. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
intention to make an}' reflections upon Kentucky.
It is true that one of the high officials of this Gov-
ernment, the Adjutant General of the United States,
who tiavuled through Kentucky some time since,
did report that nearly all the active, vigorous
young men of that Stale were in the rebel army.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If he leported that,
then he reported what was a he.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot assert whether it is
or not. He reported it. He may have been mis-
taken. I am glad to learn that it is a mistake, if
such be the fact.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is no mistake, but
a lie.
Air. STEVEN'S. The gentleman says that it
is no mistake, but a lie. It may be a lie, but I
know that Kentucky, at the sfait, by her consti-
tuted authorities, refused to take part in favor of
the Union, although they said they would not
organize against it.
Mr. DUiNLiAf. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Air. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Air. DUNLAP. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the President of the
United States indorsed the position of Kentucky
at that time.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope to find the
gentlemen from Kentucky, if they think the Pres-
ident is right, indorsing him. [Laughter.] I
do not know the condition of Kentucky now. I
know, so far as many are concerned, that they are
true, and I regret that they are not alb so, in order
to save the State from defending herself against
her own children. I am sorry that one of the
citizens of Kentucky should be recreant. I regret
that they are not universally loyal, so as to save
the people of the Northwest, of Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and the other States there, from the calamity
of having to send their sons to be butchered upon
Kentucky soil, and partly by Kentucky riflemen.
Still, I am not going to include indiscriminately the
whole population of Kentucky. There are many
noble men from Kentucky in the Army of the Uni-
ted States. I might contradict the statement of the
gentleman from Kentucky as to the proportion en-
rolled upon the one side and the other, if it had not
come from so respectable a source. I think more
of the people of Kentucky were enrolled in the rebel
than in the Union army. If the gentleman says
otherwise, I am not able to deny it.
As I have said, I do not rise to make charges
against Kentucky, nor have 1 made them against
other than the disloyal men of Kentucky. But
there was one thing which induced my remark,
and one thing which gentlemen from Kentucky arc
not able to deny, unless they deny the record of
this House—that, with a unanimity that would
have done credit to their fidelity if they were on
the right side, they have voted against the Admin-
istration. No vote has been taken in the House
to sustain the Administration, or to carry out the
measures which it deemed necessary to put down
this tebclhon, but two classes of members have
voted together with great regularity; one, the life-
long Democrats, who were opposed to the Admin-
istration upon paity giounds—1 have no i-eflec-
tions to make against them for doing so, as they
obeyed the instinct of party—and in nine casesout
of ten I hegentlemen from Kentucky, with perhaps
one exception. They voted with the Democratic
partyagainstthis sideof the House, which issup-
porung the Administration. That fact is not to be
denied. I ask the House and the public at large
what professions made by the gentlemen from
Kentucky arc worth when their votes are all given
to embai rass and clog the measures of the Admin-
istration, and which are ntecN.saiy to carry on the
Government? Why, sir, such loyalty is worth
little more than rank secession and treason.
Mr. KERRIGAN. I cali the gentleman to
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not out of order.
Mr. KERRIGAN. I call the gentleman to
order, and I tit ink those belonging to the gentle-
man's party are the rankest secessionists in the
country. [Laughter.] Yes, sir*, I say that the
only people of this country who adhere to the
Constitution and the Union of this country are
the Democratic party. [Order! Order!] Trea-
son, secession aie there, [pointing to the Repub-
lican side of the House.] [Order! Order!] 1 call
you and the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
order.
Air. I3LAKE. I call you to order.
Air. KERRIGAN. I call you to order. When
you seek for treason and secession, you will find
it there, [pointing to the Republican side of the
House.] [Order! Order!]
Mr. NOELL. I call upon the Chair to send
for the Serjeant-at-Arms to preserve order.
Air. STEVENS. 1 think, Air Chairman, that
the gentleman from New York [Air. Keiuugan]
is perfectly in oidor.
Mr. KERRIGAN. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman make that declaration.
Air. STEVENS. Recently, as he has obtained
the opportunity of speaking freely here, I con-
sider hardly anything which the gentleman fiom
New York could say would be out of order; and
I feel disposed, so far as I am concerned, to ac-
cord great latitude to him as a set-off to the restric-
tion lie has so 1 a to 1 v undergone. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania wiU confine himself to the subject under
consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. I am replying to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mi. Dcnlap,] and he con-
fines himself to the subject under consideration,
I suppose.
MY. TEAMAN I would like to ask the gen-
tleman, if he considers the delegationfrom Ken-
tucky upon this floor as in little less than open
secession and rebellion, what he would sa,y of
that vast multitude of people of his own State and
of the North with whom we keep company r
Mr. STEVENS. I say the gentleman from
Kentucky is about as loyal, m my judgment; as
the present Governor of New York, and I think
he is no moie obstructing the operations of the
Administration in the suppression ofthe rebellion
than very many who think as that Governor
thinks. I have no particular desire to stigmatize
gentlemen from a particular section because they
hold particular ideas. I do not hold that they are
aiding to suppress the rebellion by the course
which they have taken in this House. If other
gentlemen do hold them to be thus aiding, it is an
opinion which they have a right to indulge in,and
I have no reproaches to cast; but 1 do not look
upon them as doing anything to promote the prog-
ress of this war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky spoke of
some things which he did not say, and which I
did say. 1 am not very much in the habit of re-
tracting what I say, unless I find I am wrong. I
did say, sir, that 1 find no warrant in the Consti-
tution for the admission, under the Constitution,
of West Vnginia. I do not know whether the
gentleman from Kentucky voted for that bill or
not.
Air. DUNLAP. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I voted against the bill,
because I deemed it unconstitutional.
Mi. STEVENS. Then the gentleman voted
against it upon the same opinion I expressed, that
it was unconstitutional. Out I went further, and
voted for it because I did not believe that theCon-
stitution embraced a State now in aims against
the Government of this Union, and I hold that
doctrine now. It was not said upon the spur of
the occasion. It is a deliberate opinion, formed
upon a careful examination of the law of the Uni-
ted States and the laws of nations;
Though it may bo out of place just now, I will
give one or two reasons for my opinion. The
establishment of our blockade admitted the south-
ern States, the confederates, to be a belligerent
power. Foreign nations have all admitted them
as a belligerent power. Whenever that came to
be admitted by us and by foreign nations, it placed
the rebellious States precisely in the condition of
an alien enemy with regard to duties and obliga-
tions. Now, 1 think there is nothing more plainly
written in the law of nations than that whenever
a war, which is admitted to be a national war,
springs up between nation and nation, ally and
ally, confederate and confederate, every obliga-
tion which previously existed between them,
whether treaty, compact, contract, or anything
else, is wholly abrogated, and from that moment
the belligerents act toward each other, not accord-
ing to any municipal obligations, not according to
any compacts or treaties, but simply according; to
the laws of war. And I hold and maintain that
with regard to all the southern States in rebellion—
I do not speak of Kentucky, but of those States
which have gone out under an act of legislation or
convention—the Constitution h^snobindinginflu-
ence, and no application.
Air. DUNLAP. Are not those seceded States
still members of this Union, and under the laws
of the Government?
Mr. STEVENS. In my opinion they are not.
Mr. DUNLAP. Then I would ask the further
question, did the ordinances of secession take
them out of the Union ?
Air. STEVENS. The ordinances of secession,
backed by the armed power which made them a
belligerent nation, did take them, so far as present
operations are concerned, from under the laws of
the nation.
Air DUNLAP. Are they then members of the
Union r
Air, STEVENS. They are not, in my judg-
ment.
Air. DUNLAP. And the ordinance of seces-
sion took them out?
ATr. STEVENS. I have my own views of this
subject, and if erroneous the gentleman will not
act upon them.
Air. DUNLAP. Then if these States are not
within the Union, how, as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Aleans, do you propose to
