240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
pass an appropriation to pay officers to collect rev- ]
enue in States which do not belong to the Union ?
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to levy that tax, !
and collect it as a war measure. I would levy a ;
tax wherever I can upon these conquered prov-
inces, just as all nations levy them upon provinces
and-natioris they conquer. If my views and prin-
ciples are right, I would not only collect that tax,
but I would, as a necessary war measure, take
every particle of property, real and personal, life-
estate and reversion, of every disloyal man, and
sell it for the benefit of the nation in carrying on
this war. We have such power, and we are to
treat them simply as provinces to be conquered,
and as a nation fighting in hostility against us
until we do conquer them. I can arrive at no other
conclusion. To me it is a great absurdity to say
that men, by millions, in arms shall claim the pro-
tection of the provisions of the Constitution and
laws made for loyal men, while they do not obey
one of those laws, but repudiate their binding ef-
fect. There never was a principle more clear than
that every obhgation,whetherina nation'al or civil
point of view, in order to be binding, must be
reciprocal; and that the moment the duty ceases
upon the one part, the obligation ceases upon the
other; and that, in my judgment, is precisely the
condition of the rebel States now.
Mr. YEAMAN. I am so much astonished at
the doctrine i am now hearing, and 1 foel so much
interest in this thing, not only as a question of con-
stitutional law, but in view of the influence which
these announcements may have upon tins contro-
versy, that I hope the gentleman will allow me to
ask another question.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. YEAMAN. Does the gentleman hold, or
does he not, that the ordinance of secession passed
in South Caioiina was legal under the Constitu-
tion of the United States 5
Mr. STEVENS. I hold that it was an act of
treason and rebellion.
Mr. YEAMAN. I would ask further, whether
the backing up of these oidinances of secession
by ai med force imparts to them any validity ?
Mr. STEVENS. I hold that so long as they
remain in force against us as a belligerent power,
and unul they are conquered, it is m fact an ex-
isting operation; I will not say anything about its
legality. [Laughter.] I hold that it is an exist-
ing/«cf, and that so far from enforcing any laws,
you have not the power.
Mr. YEAMAN. What I want to know is
whet her these people a re now citizens of the United
States, or whether they are an independent nation;
and if the Jauei, I want to know where we derive
our right or authority to wage war against them,
and to tax them to support that war,all of which
I am in favor of;
Mr. STEVENS. I hold that the Constitution,
in the first place, so far opeiated that when they
went into secession and armed iebullion they com-
mitted treason; and that when they so combined
themselves as to make themselves admitted as bel-
ligerents—not merely as men in insurrection but
as belligerents—they did acquire the right to be
treated aspusoners of war, and all the other rights
which pertain to belligerents under the laws of
nations.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman yield to
mc for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania vv ith what propriety
he can speak of these men at the South who are
engaged in this armed lesistanee to the United
States as rebels, or as disloyal men, when he dis-
tinctly stated just now that he thought that the
duty of obedience and the duty of protection were
reciprocal,andthatwhereprotection is not afforded
by the Govermw nf, the citizen is not bound in
allegiance to that Government r Does not his doc-
trine lefcfiso these men from all obligation to the ;
Government of the United States, which is not
protecting them from the confederate government;
and has he, therefore, a right to punish them by :
the confiscation of their property, or by hanging
them as traitors, for the acts which they have
commuted?
Mr. STEVENS. All these ci 'nies were com-
mitted before they became belhgeients; before
they had acquired the status of a belligerent power
and compelltd us to treat them as belligerents, for
instance, as prisoners of war.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky 
A Member. Pennsylvania, if you please.
Mr. MALLORY. I beg Kentucky^ pardon,
and the pardon of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. I would ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania if the confiscation act does not apply to
those crimes which have been commuted since
the commencement of the armed resistance wh ich,
in his doctrine, converted them from traitors and
rebels into public enemies. It cannot, therefore,
refer to crimes, as the gentleman says, which were
committed before this armed resistance was made,
and our relations with the southern States became
the relations of one belligerent nation to another.
Mi. STEVENS. I suppose that bill refers to
a continuation of what was commenced before.
My own notion is, sir, that we have the right to
treat them as we would any other provinces that
we might conquer. Now, sir, 1 do not know but
what the President looks upon it in that light.
Mr. M AYNARD. This discussion has become
. very interesting; and I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether he holds to the theory that this is
, aGovernmentof the American people, or whether
i he holds that it is simply a compact between sep-
. urate, independent, and sovereign States?
! Mr. STEVENS. Well, that is an abstract
! question. [Laughter.] It has been well settled
heretofore.
Mr. MAYNARD. If he holds to the latter
view, 1 can well conceive why he should hold
every individual citizen in each particular State
responsible for ali the acts committed by the State
. authorities. If he holds to the foimer hypoth-
esis, 1 would ask him how any citizen can lose his
rights under the Constitution, wherever he may
be found, excepting by his own act, or by the regu-
larly uuthoiizcd act of the Government through
its different branches, legislative, executive, and
judicial ?
1 will ask the gentleman a further question, be-
cause this is a matter in which my constituents
will feci great interest. The gentleman's remarks
will go out to the country as those of a repre-
sentative of his party, theparty which is now in
power, and they will be repeated ail over the coun-
try as thoseoi a representative man, not express-
ing his own opinions only, but the opinions of a
huge party, the opinions of the Executive.
Mr. STEVENS. I speak for myself only.
Mr MAYNARD. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman say that, for I am personally well awaie
he does speak for himself alone; but I know that
it will not 1x-so understood and so represented in
■ certain portions of the country,
I would ask the gentleman how it can happen
that people situated as those in my own particu-
lar distiictare, for instance, who have resisted the
action of the majority of the State and of the State
government funn the beginning, hyve usisted it
by arms and are now resisting it—how it happens
that they can, by any possibility, have lost their
rights under the Constitution, although thev Imp-
pen to ho within the limits of one of the so-called
seceded Stares?
Mr. STEVENS. I hope I may ho able now to
finish the few remarks 1 proposed to make, be-
cause I wish to get through with this bill if I can.
I have seen no act, either done by the Executive
or proposed by the Congress, which would take
away any lights or sacwilce any interests of the
loytTi men in the rebellious States. I have seen,
on the other hand, that they have been carefully
protected from ali the consequences even of a war
measure which was supposed to be necessary,
and which dni, in the first instance, take some of
their property. There hps been great care taken
to separrue them from the original sin of those
who wentinto the rebellion, and to guard all their
propyl ty._
Now, sir, as I said before, I speak only for my-
self. These views of mine are not now for the
first time put forth, and I am sorry that 1 have
been provoked into the expression of them on this
occasion, for I wanted to go on with the hill. But
I do not see how the Executive can view these
questions any other way than I do. He appoints
in places winch we conquer military governors,
and I was told yesterday that he had creatcd a
court m New Orleans. Now, if the Constitution
still opeiates in those portions of the country, if
it is not a question of military power, I want to
i know by what authority he does that.. I 353 also
that by the proclamations of his military govern-
ors he orders men to be clected to take their seats
in this Congress. To be sure, he has seen fit to
direct what kind of men shall he elected, which,
perhaps, was right enough, or we might have been
overrun by secessionists. Only to-day, evidence
has been presented of what purports to have been
an election held in Accomac county, or in some
of the adjacent counties in Virginia. Will any of
these gentlemen here who are such sticklers for
" the Constitution as it is, and the Union as it
was" tell me by what authority that election took
place, unless it was by that military authority the
existence of which I have been asserting? Why,
1 saw from some reports when that election was
going on, that at one of the precincts they had to
send a squadron of cavalry to protect the ballot-
box and those voting', and that the secessionists
attacked them and diove them off. Now, I ask
again, under what part of the Constitution are these
proceedings; and if they are not under the Con-
stitution, how is it that the Constitution is in full
force in ali these States? I would ask my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] under what
clause of the Constitution does his excel lent friend,
Andrew Johnson, hold his office as Governor of
Tennessee ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer the gentleman
with a great deal of pleasure. Under that part
of the Constitution which requires the United
States Government—not the people of the United
States, but the Government as a Government—to
guaranty to the people of every State a republi-
can form of government. Whenever the author-
ities of a State have abdicated, or have been driven
away by usui pat ion or i n vasion, the U mted States
Government must see tiiat the machine! y already
there is vitahzed and set to work.
Mr. STEVENS. Then if the President hap-
pens to think that there is not a republican form
of government m Tennessee, although nine out
of ten of her people form a constitution, and pass
laws under it, he has a right to place a governor
there and supersede the governmentof the people.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is the gentleman's
own inference, and not my position.
Air. STEVENS. I do not hold to any such
doctrine as that. I hold that the Governor of
Virginia to-day is John Letcher, so far as the
Constitution is concerned. No other man has
ever been elected accoidiog to the provisions of
the Constitution. I hold, too, that there is no ne-
cessity for the exercise of the provisions of the
Constitution in order to effectuate these objects,
for that these rebellious States are all now under
military law and military 1 ule, and that this Gov-
ernment has a light to do all those things which
ate necessary to repress this rebellion, and to con-
quer these people, and then we shall come to tho
question of the Union afterwards. I say that
you cannot justify nine out of ten of the acts of
the Government, or of our own nets here, if you
consider the Constitution a valid and binding in-
strument with reference to those in arms in the
rebellious States.
Mr. MAYNAUD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for the purpose of
expressing my dissent from the sentiments which
he has just uttered. I must remind hi in again
that he is speaking to the country, and that he
will be regaided by a huge paitof the country as
.speaking not only f.jr himself, but for the party
to which he belongs, and for the Administration:
and 1 wish to say that when lie slates that not
mic tenth of the acts of the Administration can be
justified or sustained by the Constitution of the
United States, he does, in my opinion, a great
injustice to the Administration. My opinion is
entirely different from his, dmmetrically'opposed
to his. I believe that those acts to which the
gentleman alludes, and winch have been animad-
verted upon very severely in different parts of the
country, and nowhere more severely than in the
rebellious States themselves, came lega'ly and
properly within the scope of the constitutional
powers which the President took an oath to main-
tain and support. 1 must dissent, therefore, from
tiiat broad, sweeping aitack on the gentleman's
own party and Adrainistiation.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit me to say a word in reply
to what feii from the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynaud?] Mr. Speaker, I do not know
why the gentleman should so persistently state to
