1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
of pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Moses Kelly, administratorofMajorW. W. Rus-
sell, deceased, praying that the accounting officers
of the Treasury may be authorized to make cer-
tain allowances in the settlement of the accounts
of Russell as paymaster in the United States ma-
rine corps; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS. I present a resolution of the
Legislature of New York relative to United States
allotment commissioners. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Concurrent Resolution relative to United States Allotment
Commissioners.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That our Senators in
Congress be instructed, and our Representatives requested,
to give all possible aid to Messrs. Theodore Roosevelt,Wd-
liam E. Dodge, jr., and Theodore B. Bionson, United States
allotment commissioners, in eariying out the allotment sys-
tem with the troops of tins State.
State or New York,
In Senate, February 19, 1863.
The foregoing resolution was duly passed.
By order ot the Senate,
JAMES TERWILLIGER, Clerk.
In Assembly, February 19, 1863.
Resolved, That the Assembly concur in the passage of the
foregoing resolution.
By order of the Assembly,
J. B. CU3IIMAN, Cleik.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a petition numerously
Rigned by citizens and electors of the State of New
York, in reference to the manufacture and sale of
intoxicating liquors. The petitioners represent
that they believe, in justice, for the benefit of the
country, that this interest should be made to pay
more heavily the burdens of the war, and the pe-
titioners pray that if an increased revenue be de-
manded it may be drawn fiom this traffic, and that
a much heavier tax be laid upon this traffic than
heretofore. This petition is signed by George
Hall, ex-mayor of Brooklyn, New York, and very
numerously signed by leading citizens of New
York and Brooklyn. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of an increase in
the number of cadets at the Military Academy at
West Point; winch were ordered to lie on the table.
KMANCIPAT10N IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. W1LLEY. Mr. Piesident, I have certain
resolutions, passed by the constitutional conven-
tion of West Virginia. Perhaps I ought to state—
it will be within the recollection of the Senate—
that at the last session, m the act admitting West
Virginia, certain conditions were imposed in re-
gard to the emancipation of slaves. Those con-
ditions prescribed that all slaves under ten yeais
should be free at twenty-one, and that all over ten
and under twenty-one should be free at twenty-
five. Some ten days ago the convention recon-
vened, and by a unanimous vote incorporated that
amendment info the constitution, and it is to be
submitted to a vole of the people on the 26tii of
March next. That same body has passed a res-
olution, which I ask may be lead and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
Resolvcds That thu convention respectfully ask of the
Cnnsjicvs ot the United States to oppiopriate the turn of
$2,000,000 to aid the new State of \\\st Vngtniain eman-
cipating hci j.lavo-1 under the act of Congress approved on
the 31st day of Deccmln-j, lfctfW, <t^ well a> tlio?e not thereby
to be emancipated : Piovidedjiou ever, That none but loyal
slaveholder >lmll he conipensitrd.
Rcsohed, Thai th<1 Ibiegomg u^olution be attested by the
president ruul seeret.uy of tins convention, and be trans-
mitted to our repie*t'uiati\ cj> in Congros.
A. I) riOPEll, President.
Ellers R- Ham,. Sccrctmy.
The resolution was refened to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FltOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 558) concerning the inspec-
tion of steamboats; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was icfcirud the bill (H. R. No. 551) to equalize
and establish the compensation of the collectors
of customs on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was refeired the memorial of Frederic
P. Stanton, praying for the correction of an al-
leged mistake in the settlement of his account as
contestant for a seat in the Senate from Kansas,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Fitzpatrick,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
and passed to a second reading:
Resolved, That there be paid to the widow of John C.
Fitzpatrick, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, the
sum of $500 in full compensation foi the service? of said
Fitzpatrick in attending to the making of contracts forand
placing furnituie in the committee-rooms of the not tli wing
of the Capitol, under the resolution of the Senate passed
March 303 1860.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
548) to provide circuit courts for the districts of
California and Oi egon, and for other purposes, re-
ported it with an amendment.
PRINTING OF CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committeeon Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution to print ten
thousand copies of the national currency bill, have
instructed me to report it back, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
ten thousand extra copies o' the act entitled An act to pio-
vide a national currency, seemed by a pledge ot United
States stocks, and to pi o vide for the cueulaiiuu and redemp-
tion theieol.5'
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to its present con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it will lie over under the rules.
PRINTING OF CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. Tin;Committeeon Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution for printing the
census, have instructed me to leport it back and
recommend Us passage, and I ask for its present
consideration. It is to leduce the number on ac-
count of the hi«h price of paper.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object. Let it lie over.
Mr, ANTHONY. I think the Senator wilt
withdiaw his objection when he understands that
the object is to leduco the number ordeied to be
printed, in consequence of the very high price of
paper.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the lesolution parsed by the Senate Jan-
uary 21, 1863, m the following words namely : " That of
the M'vcial part-, of the eighth ceiwiN them he printed and
hound, under the direction ot the Superintendent, twenty-
live thousand copies lor the u-e ol the Senate; and that
the same maybe printed from the copy furnished to the
IIon«-o of Representatives" he, and hereby is, rescinded,
and in lieu thereof that eight thousand copies of the same
he printed and bound, undci the direction of the Supeun-
lendent, foi tli" u*-e of the Senate ; and that the s>ame be
pi mted from ^fneotype plates and that they may he punted
Irom the copy (nrm^lied to the flou^e of Repie&entatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
REGISTER, TO THE MAPLE LEA1\
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have instructed mc to icpoit a bill (S. No.
557) to provide for the issuing of an American
register to the steam vessel Maple Leaf; and I ask
that it may be put on iis passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read three
times, and passed. Jt provides for the issueofan
American register to the British colonial-built steam
vessel Maple Leaf, now owned by Charles Spear
and J. II. B. Lang, of Boston.
POSTAGE ON FOREIGN LETTERS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to call up a joint
resolution which I reported from the Post Office
Committee the other day in relation to the collect-
ing of foieign postage in coin.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (S. No. 129) author-
ising the collection in coin of postages due on
unpaid mail matter from foreign countries was
resumed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to offer a substitute
for that joint resolution:
Whereas the failure to prepay foreign correspondence
throws upon the Post Office Department of the United States
large balances, which have to be paid in coin: Therefore,
Be it resolved, fyc., That the Postmaster Geneial be, and
he is heieby, authorized to take such measures as may seem
to him advisable to collect postages on letters Irom abroad
not prepaid, in order to avoid loss in the payment of such
balances.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
MEDICAL STATISTICS.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
JtcsoZfcrfjThat the Surgeon General be, and he hereby is,
requested to submit to the Senate, as soon as the samecan
be in readiness, the materials prepared by him relating to
the medical and suigieal history of the piesent lebellion,
with-uch other medical statistics as may he in pieparation
in his office.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethkridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 635) making ap-
propuations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1S64.
The message also announced that the House had
insisted upon its disagiuement to ceitain amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
659) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, insisted on by the Senate, and
upon its amendments to certain otheramendments
of the Senate to the said bill, disagreed to by the
Senate, agreed to the conference asked forby the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Tiiaddeus Ste-
vens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Justin S.'Morrill
of Vermont, and Mr. Carey A. Trimble of
Ohio, managers of the same on its pait.
The message also announced thai the House
had disagieed to the amendment of the Senate to
the amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate (No. 407) to fix the terms of the circuit
court in the District of Wisconsin, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votesof the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. James F. Wil-
son of iowa, Mr. John F. Potter of Wisconsin,
and Mr. William Windom of Minnesota, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills and
joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 346) for the relief of Jane B. Evans;
A bill (No. 451) to prevent correspondence with
rebels;
A bill (No. 473) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prevent members of Congress and officers
of the Government of the United States from tak-
ing consideration for procuiing contracts, office,
or place from the United States, and for other pur-
poses;'*
A bill (No. 514) for the relief of Elizabeth M.
Baxter, widow of the late Robert Baxter, second
lieutenant of the tenth regiment Minnesota volun-
teers;
A bill (No. 535) for the relief of Emma L. Ful-
ler; and
A joint resolution (No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Perry 15. Broc-
chus his salary as judge of the Supreme Court of
the United States for the Territory of New Mexico.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 494) to gi vc
greater efficiency to the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States, with an amendment, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate; and the
bill of the Senate (No. 492) to amend the laws re-
lating to the Post Office Department, with amend-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence of
tiie Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
i of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 20th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 695) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Register in the Treasury
Department, and a Solicitor for the War Depart-
ment, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 709) for the benefit of Simon
and Emanuel Bamberger;
