1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
his object by amending1 the text so as to read
" Kansas branches." There are two such roads.
The Hannibal and St. Joseph Company have the
right to build a small branch.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I took from one of the
Senators from Kansas the suggestion. It was de-
signed to cover the Hannibal and St. Joseph road.
That there may be no mistake about this, I will
accept the modification of the Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can also mod-
ify it by saying " and also the Hannibal and St.
Joseph branch of said road."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. According to my
understanding of the original bill, there is no such
branch of the Pacific railroad as the Leavenworth
and Pawnee branch, and therefore I cannot see
the propriety of this amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is no Leaven-
worth branch, but the branch is to be built by the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment that
I should like to submit. It has been submitted
to the committee, and a majority of them approve
of it. It is a new section to be added to the end
of the substitute:
be it further cnacted, That the said company is here-
by authorised lo enlist laboreis fur the conjunction of said
rondmidera military organization, with penalties for de-
sertion or default being stipulated ni the printed aiticles of
enlistment, and to advance thereupon the eo-t of transport-
ing said laborers to thu line of said road, which ai tides of
enlistment and the foifeitures ami penalties stipulated tiieie-
in, b«ini* first appioved and sanctioned as reasonable and
just by the rieMdentof the United States and the Attorney
General of the (Jmied States shall be valid and bindiu^on
all parties and shall In* maintained and euloiced by the mil-
itary forces ot the United States.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company desire to
build their road where there is no government,
and must take a large number of hands there.
They want some kind of organization. The com-
pany that 1 suppose will construct this road pro-
pose to hire their men in Europe. They propose
to complete their road in three years, and it is im-
possible to get the labor in this country, and im-
possible to get it in Europe without some organ-
ization. If gentlemen have had any experience
on the frontier, outside of law, they know the
difficulty of getting there and keeping in order live
or ten thousand men without some oigamzation,
some way of contioiling them. It is as much as
we can do to control them in the States. Those
who have had experience in this matter find great
difficulty in controlling a large number of hands
in Slates where they have courts and law. 1 know
there are Territories ami territorial governments
through which this road passes all the way, but
the seat, of government is four or five hundred
miles away sometimes from wheie the men will
be at work. Tim government is so far away that
some kind of organization is needed.
The amendment provides that this agreement
shall be submitted to the President of the United
States, to be approved by him and the Attorney
General; that is, I he e.onti act between the company
and the parties, that they may enlist in Europe or
wherever they please; but when they bring them
on the ground they should be organized under
some force where discipline can be maintained,
where oider can be preserved, where the men will
work'under that lestiamt and in that subotdina-
tion thatis necessai y both to accomplish the work
and securc the object the men have in budding
this road. U anywhere confusion rc'gns on the
line o( this rond,.they will not build it; and as we
have no State governments, but only Territorial
governments, the seat of which may be three or
four himdied milis from where the men will be
at woik, it is necessary that they should have
some form of military government on this line of
road such as the Piesident and Attorney General
may approve. That is the amendment.
Mr. HAllLAiW I agieed that the Senator
should report this amendment, but on reflection I
do not think it necessary. 1 think it would be a
little dangerous to confer military authority on the
supriintendents of railroads. 1 think they ought
to be able to control their men by the use of the
civil authoiity in the Temtories where the road is
to be built. I hope, therefoie, the amendment will
not be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senate will give
some little consideration to this measure before it
is adopted. It seems to me a very extraordinary
proposition to organize a military force, subject
to military rules and regulations, to build a rail-
road. I do not know but that there may be a con-
stitutional power in the Government to do it; but
if there is, it strikes me that there is no enterprise
in the country to which people might not be sub-
jected by military rule. They are to be enlisted,
if I comprehend the proposition at all, as a mili-
tary forcc, and to be regarded as a military organ-
ization, subject to military control, and, for aught
I know, to military law- Certainly the amend-
ment itself in terms provides that they shall be
subject to such punishments as the company may
see fit to inflict by the consent of the President.
It strikes me as an extraordinary fact that it is
proposed to organize as a military force what is
really a civil force for the construction of a rail-
road. It seems to me to be anomalous, and so ex-
traordinary that it deserves to challenge the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. It is true I have inserted the
word "military" in the amendment; but it is to
be such a kind of contract existing between the
parties as the President of the United States and
the Attorney General shall say is just and proper.
If Senators desire to say it shall be a contract
entered into between the parties, that will accom-
plish whatl desire. It would be useless, however,
to enlist men to do this work, and take them out
where there is no law to enforce obedience to a
contract The Senator is aware that these men
must be transported there atgreatexpense. Sup-
pose they should leave the moment they get there.
They cannot be taken there short of from fifty to
seventy-five dollars apiece, and there is no way
of building this road without the men. There is
no safe way of conducting the prosecution of this
work after we get there without organization. 1
have tried myself many a time to do work on the
frontier, where we had no organization, no law;
and my own experience leads me to advocate the
passage of this amendment. If the word "mili-
tary" is distasteful to the Senate, let it be changed
so as to provide for such a contract, entered into
between the parties, as the President of the United
States and Attorney General shall deem to be
just and equitable, so that it can be enforced in a
court. But it will be impossible to build the road
by taking men out there without any contract
that shall have some semblance of power in it.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me this is a very
extraordinary amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. A very good one.
Mi. CLARK. It may be a very good one; but
it is certainly extraordinary. If the Government
proposed to build this road itself, it might be going
a great way for the Government to build it by mil-
itary organization. I think everybody would agree
that we were cairying the military authority to
the extreme point for the Government, to go and
build a road under military authority except in
time of war. But here is a proposition, not for
the Government to build the road, but for the Gov-
ernment to authorize this company by a military
organization to go and build that road and control
its laborers—that is the scope and object of it—by
military authoiity, and to subject them to penal-
ties for desertion or default.
Mr. POMEROY. As the President of the Uni-
ted States may prescribe.
Mr. CLARK. No matter who prescribes it, I
am entirely opposed to it. It is contrary to the
spiiit of the Constitution; it is contrary to the
spirit of our laws. We are getting to be a mil-
itary nation far enough and fast enough without
undertaking to carry on these civil enterprises by
military oiganization. The Senator says he is
willing to strike out the word "military," and let
them make a contract. I ask the Senator if he
cannot make hiscontract now withoutany author-
ity? These laborers, if they are of age, have
power to contract with your corporation; your
corporation has power to contract with them; but
the difficulty is, they want the exeicise of a mil-
itary organization, so that by force of some kind
they may bring these men up to where the courts
of law will not bring them. To that 1 am en-
tirely opposed. I do not believe it is wise; I do
not believe it is just; I do not believe it is in the
spirit of our Constitution or of our Government;
and I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no doubt some-
thing new in this amendment, but the idea of
building a railroad across the continent is a new
project. It is also true that we are obliged to keep
up a military organization there now. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire may perhaps be aware
of the fact that on this whole line of road they
have to-day a military organization. General
Craig is there, not in Kansas, but on the military
line of'the road, on which this Union Pacific Rail-
road Company proposes to build. The military
organization which the Government has there
will have to be sustained in the future, as it has-
always been in the past, since we commenced
taking our mails across the continent. We have
increased it on account of troubles with the In-
dians this year. The Territory of Colorado has
over two regiments, more or less, in that service.
The only reason why we expect to be able to
prosecute this work at all during the rebellion and
for years afterwards, is because we expect some
military organization on the line of the road. I
do not believe there arc courts out there in which
you can gut any redress or any justice done.
There are no courts, after you leave the western
boundary of my State till you get to California,
that are accessible to you. The United States
have a court held twice a year, at some distance
somewhere in the mountains, but no one would
think of taking a laborer into such a court as that.
The only way in which order can be maintained,
iu which peace can be secured, and the laborers
can work successfully, will be by a military or-
ganization, and the same military organization
that we now have on the ground.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I am quite desir-
ous that this grand Pacific railroad shall be built;
but I believe if the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kansas be adopted, it will entirely
defeat that object unless he can add the provisions
of the conscript bill m aid of this section. Cer-
tainly no freeman will agree to work on the road
under such regulations as are proposed in this
amendment. It is pioposed by this amendment
to authorize private corporations to exercise mar-
tial law,as 1 understand,even to the death penalty,
I suppose, for the purpose of building a railroad;
and men who arc governed entirely by their own
interests—I allude to these corporations—are to be
armed with this enormous power over the free,
liberty-loving laborers of this country. Why, sir,
there is not a man in the United States who would
undertake to work for this corporation under such
circumstances; and so far from aiding in the con-
struction of the road, according to my judgment,
if the amendment be adopted, it will wholly defeat
the object,
Mr. CLARK. I was not looking at the amend-
ment with that view as to what might be itsfffect
on the road or coiporation; but I was looking at
it as a departuie from the principles of our Gov-
ernment to give this power to this organization.
Now I understand from the Senator from Kansas
there is a military organization on that line of road.
Then there is no necessity for a further and second
oiganization for the safety of the men operating
it. 1 take it the present organization is sufficient
to take care of the Indians and all trouble arising
from that source on the road. It is unnecessary
for this corporation to keep a band of laborers
organized as a military company for protection.
What, then, is the object? The Senator plainly
declares it. He says there are no couits in that
country, or if there are they are very 1 emote; they
have no access to the courts; and they want this
organization for the purpose of controlling the
men. Then you aie going to control the men at
the point of the bayonet because vou have no
court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire will suspend his remarks.
It is incumbent on the Chair, the morning hour
having expired, to call up for considciation the
unfinished business of the last sitting, which is
the bill to provide for the discharge of State pris-
oners, &c. That hill is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and the question is
on the amendment to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for a few moments.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia ix desirous of having his measure disposed
