244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
late these rebels, to extirpate them, and rcpeople }i
tho«e States with a loyal population, that that ij
exile and that annihilation by military authority !j
would be unconstitutional. Now, I claim that this if
is precisely, if necessary, just what the Constitu- }|
tion imperatively requires of us. [Laughter.] \'<
That it imposes it upon us us a sacred duty to \\
destroy these rebels, and, to the extent that may '
be necessary, to extcurunate them in order tore- I,
store as a matter of fact, what sstill exists as a mat- !!
tev of right, the constitutional authority of the li
Government of the United States. I repudiate the j1
theory which,if I understand the gentleman from j|
Pennsylvania, is his theory, that if I own a ves- |;
sel, the mere fact that jmates come and take pos- \ \
session of it, destroys tne validity of my title to it. i;
I may not be in posse ssion; 1 may go and demand j:
the possession to which I am legally and consti- |j
tuuonally entitled, and force may prevent my \\
tilling possession; but that does not invalidate p
my rightful c'aim. ||
Mr. STEVENS I hope the gentleman will I;
allow me to explain. I said no such thing, and j|
advanced no such idea, although the gentleman !j
from New Yoik [Mr. Olin'} seemed to understand ij
tne as the gentleman from Illinois does. "Where jt
it is a question between individuals, any crime i,
committed does not nuilily the law; but theie is a 11
great difference between a whole community—a ij
nation in arms—and individuals. Wheie a nation )|
conies to fight against a nation, a belligerent against j j
a belligerent, there is no aiburament but tile laws !j
of war. That i.s my doclnoe. The other doctime
stated by the gentLman from New Yoik I nev(,r 'j
evt n intimated. j]
Air. LOVEJOY. Tlem the question whether I]
I had a title to the vessel would depend upon the .!
number ofpiiaiev who robbed nie of it. [Laugh- 'i
tor.] Now, I i'lMst, Mi. Chairman, that we do
not want to annihilate the States, but the rebclsin ;i
the States, just as we would not desire to annihilate j'
or destroy a vessel because pi t ates have t ikui pos- 1 j
session of that vussel, but the pirates themseu es. ,j
We are not lighting a nation, but a horde of trai- ;|
tors and rebels who have armed themselves to jj
overthiow and repudiate the national Government. ij
Vy o are not fighting to obtain redress from a aa- j
fioii, but to subdue a rebellion. If all the citizens t
of a State are r-'bels, and will not repent and re-
turn to their allegiance, then I would kill or exile
them all, if I had the power. Rut this is not a
question of power, but one of theoretical right.
1 hold that if one third of the citizens of Ken-
tucky are loyal, the State belongs to that third; |!
that if one fomth of the citizens of Tennessee li
are loyal, the State belongs to that fourth; and Si
thjt just as soon as the Government can cnfotcc II
linnr rights, it is bound to enforce them; and the ||
whoIeMnaehiuery of the State government can be j}
set going by those who remain, who are loyal, |l
whether one half, one fourth, one tenth, or one H
hundredth. The n^ht of the Federal Govern- jj
ment never was invalidated, and never ceased for h
a moment. The constitutional right to use mili- ji
tary loiee, to use all means and appliances possi- h
hie to regain possession of that State, and place Lj
it m the hands of loyal men, never ceased. rrhat,
I think, is both Jo<xic and law. The Administra-
tion is not responsible for the idiosyncrasies of my
very able and accommodating fnend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I was reminded, while
that gentleman was sneaking of our nets to sup-
press the rebellion being unconstitutional, as I
did while the gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] was addressing the committee—and I
hope the latter gentleman Will take example of
my coolness and deliberation when he addresses
the committee again—of what Solomon says 
Mr.STEVENS, Mr. Chairman,we have heard
all about Solomon before. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. With very little profit, I fear.
I do not yield the floor, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman holds it by
mv courtesy.
Mr. LOVEJOY.
Mr. STEVENS.
Mr. LOVEJOY.
at ell events.
The CHAIRMAN.
Peiin* y Ivania yield
Several Members. Let us have Solomon. Give
us Solomon. [Laughter.]
Another Member. The speech should have
siomo wise thing Pi it. [Continued laughter.]
I believe not.
Oh, yes.
Let me make my quotation,
Does the gentleman from
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Another Member. Let him print the quotation
from Solomon.
Mr. LOVEJOY. In reply to that member, I
would say what I was not going to quote,.that
" though you bray a fool in a mortar with a pes-
tle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him.'5
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I knew perfectly well, Mr.
Chairman, when I enunciated my opinions, that
they would be repudiated by all sorts of men on
this floor, learned and unlearned. [Laughter.] I
did not profess to speak for a party, certainly not
for so conservative a gentleman as my friend from
Illinois, [Laughter.]
Members, (to Mr. Lovejoy.) Make your quo-
tation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. u As dead flies cause the
apothecary's ointment to stink, so does a little
folly in him that is reputed wise." [Laughter.]
The gentleman is like an ocean of wisdom with a
little island of folly.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that not only a ma-
jority, but perhaps a very considerable majority
of my friends on this floor do not go to the extent
to which I go in the doctiiuus which I have enun-
ciated. They are coming along behind,and will
be up shortly, but they are not up y^t. I know
that very well. Still I do not propose to take one
step backward. I hold thedoctrines which I have
enunciated to be true, and I abide by them.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Dunlap] said
something about my having stated that 1 was
not willing to have any Union hereafter wherein
slavery should exist. That is true, sir; I sjid that
more than once. If there is to be a division of
this Union 1 do not want it to be simply a sepa-
ration from the cotton States. If there is to be a
Union formed again I would not have one part of
it to be wholly free, and the other part slave. 1
would not, if I could, agree to such a Union. 1
would not have two Unions, the one comprising
the cotton States, with slavery, and the other a
northern Republic, with slavery also m it. I
should lesist that. The Alinignty has made use
of the evil passions of the South to so far repeal
the obligations which we were under to them, as
to open the door to enable us to get rid of that
great evil. Yv'e have not only been thus com-
manded to let those who are m bondage, if we can
do it lawfully, go free, but it seems to me as if
the waters weie standing on eacli side until those j
oppressed people would pass through. And 1 have i
thought that the almighty Power was taking the 1
wheels, one by one, off the chariots of Pharaoh
and his host; but I see rising up, all around nie, j
a thousand tinkers to put them on again, [laugh-
ter,] and to help to detain on the passage still fur-
ther the four millions, whom, for centimes, we
have oppiessnl, and for whom, I believe in my
conscience, that the Almighty is suffering the
blood of my fiiends and of your friends and of ,
the friends of the North to flow in rivers on the 1
soil of the South. I am very glad to find that j
Kentucky is becoming not only tolerably loyal, 1
but much moie loyal than it was a year ago. I ;
find, from the remaiks of the able gentleman from i
that State who last addressed us, [Mr. Wads- :
worth,] that lie is changing his opinions very !
much, tor I lemembor that he then declared that '
if the Federal Government attempted to deelaie ;
emancipation, or to arm the slaves, we should have
the whole umu d population of all the slave States
in arms against us. That is my recollection. If '
I am eorreet, then 1 take it that he has changed :
Nomewh.it. At Last, fiom the early part of his
discourse, 1 thought he had changed, but ill the
winding up I think he reiterated the same doc- 1
tune—that if we attempt this thm£ now it will be
resisted by c very man m those btates. Sir, I make ,
nojmputauoii against Kentucky. She has many
noble and many loyal *ons; but'iam not quite sat-
isfied with that kind of loyalty. The quantity is
salisfaptory,butthe quality is veiy poor. [Laugh- .
ter.]
Now, sir, I have a word to say on a subject |
which has not troubled us much latterly. J mean
the amendmentoffered by thegentlemanfrom New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling.J One of the sec-
tions of the law read by the gentleman the other day
was as to the time when these commissioners ore
to enter on the duties of their office. Thore 1,3 vn
express provision that the President shall appoint
commissioners within those States at a salary of
§3,000 a year; but it also says that the salaiy shall
not commence until they enter on their duties, and
that they shall not enter on their duties until pos-
session is taken by our armies. Now, sir, this
is a bill making appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1864. It is the duty of the Pres-
ident to appoint them all; it is our business to
j make the appropriation; and it is the duty of the
disbursing officer, when they have entered on their
duties, to pay their salaries, and not before. I
now move that the committee lise for the purpose
of closing the debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that motion will not
prevail at present.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Holman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration; and particularly the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I mov.e that all debate 011 this
bill be closed within one minute after its consid-
eration shall be resumed m the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by making
it five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
SIIIP CANALS.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the consent of the House to
j have printed, for the convenience of examination
I. of members, a proposition to be used m the con-
■ sideration of the measure which has been assigned
;| for consideration on Tuesday next.
li The bill was read by its title, as follows:
' j A bill to consti uct a ship canal for the passage
h of armed and naval vessels from the Mississippi
1 liver to Lake Michigan, and for the enlargement
' I of the locks of the Erie canal, and of the Oswego
p canal, New York, to adapt them for the defense
i' of the northern lakes.
;i No objection being made, it was ordered that
i the bill be printed.
Mr. ELY moved that the House adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. COX moved that when the House adjourns
jj to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next,
j The motion was disagreed to.
j I The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Is Mr. CLARK. I ask the gentleman to with-
, draw the motion, to enable me to submit a report
ii from the Committee 011 Printing.
I, Mr. ELY. I will withdraw it.
NULLIFICATION PROCLAMATION'.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
consideied, and agreed to:
Raolre/l, That five thousand copies of Jackson':? procla-
mationon nulLtieauon be printed lor the use 01 the House,
SETII WALKER,
Mr. "BLAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Sefh VyTalker, which
was read a fiist and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
INVALIDITY OF SECESSION ACTS.
Mr. CLEMENTS asked the consent of the
llous'* to submit the following resolution:
JicbolveJ, That the act-* of seeo^-aou elannm<* to have
beui pa-?■.(•(} bv a part 01 the people of apaitof the State*4
of tin- Government weie null dial \oul, and of no effect;
and that the tHiue constitutions and l,i\v> of the States so
claiming to have ^reeded aie the *ame 11s fhov weie ptfi-
viou> to -jtiid act-; the\ have not connmttcd State suicide,
101 their c'on-titutiosi- and laws still e.u>t in tliulujal people
Mr. COX. Tint is vmy good doctrine; but I
think we had betn-r consider it some other time.
I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to. and (at half past
four uMoek, p. ui.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 9, 1863.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ou rnal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMMUNJCATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, comma-
