1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
nicatm?, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the G.'b instant, a copy of the report and jour-
nal of Captain Medorem Crawford, commanding
the emigrant escort to Oiegon and "Washington
Territory in the year 1S62.
Mr. NESMITH. As that report is one of a
great deal of importance to the people of the West,
and particularly of the Pacific coast, I move that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented (ho memorial of James
Ftndley Schonok,commanderin the United States
Navy, praying for leliof from the action of the
naval advisory board in not recommending him
in the list of officers for promotion; winch was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. NESMITH presented the memorial of
Margaret L. Stevens, widow and administratrix
of tin; late Biigadier General Isaac I. Stevens,
praying for compensation for extra services per-
formed by her husband as superintendent of In-
dian affairs in Washington Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow and administratrix of the late
Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens, praying for
compensation for services rendered by her hus-
band in preparing the final report on the northern
Pacific railroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying for the
organization of a national bureau of statistics in
the Interior Department; which was icferrod to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Oliice.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES,
Mr. NESMITII, from the Committee 011 In-
dian Affairs, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire into tin* subject, reported
a bill (S. No. 456) to enable the Piesulent to ne-
gotiate a treaty with the Klamath and Modoc In-
dians, and for other purposes; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Ft- j
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution ;
(II. II. No. 131) for the prompt payment of the :
soldiers of the United States Army, and the sea- I
men and marines of the United States Navy, have 1
directed me to report it back, with an amendment i
in the nature of a substitute for the joint resolu-
tion. I give notice that I shall call it up at the :
earliest day, probably on Monday, and I want it \
punted immediately, so that metnbe rs of the Sen- !
ate may have an opportunity to sei it.
The substitute take* the jshapo of a bill (S. No.
459) to provide for a further issue of bonds of the '
United States and of United States notes, and for
other purposes. ;
NOTICK OF A BILL. \
Mr. WILLEV gave notice of his intention to j
ask leave to uurodneo a bill to aid West Virginia |
in seeurimr the speedy and final abolishment of ;
slavery therein, j
0UKPKNT1ALS. '
Mr. SAULSHURY piesented the credentials of '
Hon. Jamec A. 1}\yar*d, chosen by the Legisla-
ture of the fState of Delaware a Senator from that !
State for the term of six years, to commence on "
Mai oh 4, which were read and ordered to !i
be placed on the lias. j!
JilLI-P lXTItODUCHB. i|
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts asked, and by 11
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a j
bill (S. No. 4.V)) to construct a ship canal for the j
passage of aimed and naval vessels from the ALs- i
sissippi river to Lake Michigan, and foi the cn-
largr.ment of the locks of the Eue canal and the
Oswego canal of Now Yoik to adapt them to the !
defense of the northern lakes; which was read
L\viee by its title, and referied to the Committee '
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con- \
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. >:
45^) to sia pt.nd tlie sale o! lands in the islands on |
the cuasl or South Carolina and Geoigia, m and !
about Purt Ilo)\d, winch was read twice by its ''
title, and retried to the Committee on Military :
Atfairs and the Militia. " \
ADVERSE DECISIONS OF COURT OF CLAIMS. ,!
Mr. CLARIC The Committee on Claims to
whom were leferrcd several joint resolutions con-
firming adverse decisions of the Court of Claims,
have had those matters undei consideration, and
directed me to report them back with a recom-
mendation that the resolutions pass; and if there
is nothing to detain the Senate now, I ask that
they be passed at this time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 120) to confirm the adverse decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of Thomas B. King,
the joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 137) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Arthur Edwards and others, the joint res-
olution (II. II. No. 128) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of
George Yates, the joint resolution (II. Tv. No.
129) to confirm the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims m the case of Joshua Eddy's heirs, and
the joint resolution (H. It. No. 130) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of J. W. Kmiggs, administrator of Whitman
Knaggs, were severally read the third time, and
passed.
LOUDOUN AND HAMPSHIRE ROAD.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the committee on the conduct of the war
be, and Un j aie hereby, authouzed and in tiucted to in-
quire into the present condition ol' the Loudoun and [Iamp-
r-hnc uuiroad. extending fiom YVaMnn^ton and Alexamiiia
to or near Harper's Fern, and report as to its utility for
ttan-~purting Hoops and MippUesr foi our At rny ; and \\ bother
and to what extent it would ^hoitcn and facilitate commu-
nication fiom the capital with the western raihoads, and
whetbei it would he serviceable to the public interest to
have caul mad repaired and connected with llaiper's Feiry,
and wlini would he the probable c<M of such repans and
connection ; and the said committee be, and is heieby, au-
thored to tepoif by billoi ottu-MWW.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the icsolution will lie over.
GENERAL OIIANT'S 0RDHR RELATIVE TO JEWS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution I olfeied a few days ago concerning the
expulsion of the Jews from the department of
General Grant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
resolutions for introduction, the resolution sub-
mitted hy the Senatoi from Kentucky will come
up in us order. It will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will not insist on ihe reading of the resolu-
tion.- I see by the papers that that ordct has been
rescimh d.
Mr, POWELL. I have a motion to make m
regard to it, and I wish it to be read.
Mr. HALE. It was read when it was origin-
ally offered, and it is not worth while to read it
again.
Mr. POWELL. I insist on the reading.
The Secretary continued the reading of the res- i
olution, as follows: f
Whereas, Major Gcn^ial It. ^ Grant, of the Ai my of tli" :
United States on the 17th day ol December, 180*2, i-Mied ,
the following j/eiteia! otdei : 4 |
Hlauqi;\RTi-iis I'nnerrF.vi is ArmyCori's. j
In.l'AlVi >1L.NT 01' T1IK i' f NN I,S s hi'., \
0\: oui , Mifcbit-n'i'i, December lT,lto2. i
General Ord"r No 11 | j
'i'ne Jews, a- a cln-s, violating every lobulation of tiade
established by ihe Tieasiiu Department, aNo department
mder«, ate hereby evpelicd fiom the department within
twenty-Jour houis fiom ihe receipt of tins order by post
eomniandeis.
They will sop that all this < Iap« of peopin are furnished
Willi p.i^-es and requiied to leave; and any one returning
aitei such nolifieat ion will he arret led and he'd m confine-
ment until an oppoitunitv otcuh of t-ending them oat ad
pt •-oner*., nnln-- tin m-hed wuii peuniti fiom these' head- '!
(|uar!"r-, Ji
Ao pa>se-' will be given the«e people to visit headquar- ;i
*r-> t"i tie purpose of making per-un.d application lor trade u
peinnt [j
Bv Older of Major General Giant:
J( >IIX A. R WVLINS, j2. Ji. G. '!
Ofneial—J. l;U\i,Tr.. Captain cuhlJi. v7. U. !|
Ami w I.euM-. bv vnui" oi kuiI older, the Jews', as a cla<-;>, j;
who chum to be I03.1l e.ti/eiiv (t; th<> United .State--, have j
be'j'i e\ri jiid the on of Piifluc<i'j, Ke'ituekv, and
hav" bt.'en rit tven t om then bii-ine-s and homeJ- bv tie: mil- ;!
ita'-y anihouH. Without an} -jieeiue ''liai:^ - i) ivm^ b< en '!
n.aiie aj un-l tieaii 01 -ia> <*))p 'iinni;. en Lie in 10 im.et
the vairae and n< neui) "•Ii;,iye-, el lOitl: m saiJ ouiei • Tin ie- .
Ilesolt'cJ •';?/ the of tl ? Umfeil States, Teat !he ^aid ;
Older ofMajia al G u.nt. <.Apt il m<r tlx Jew-, at; a cla-.-, 11
itoei the d'-p^'tment ot w !e> a he 1- m command, i& cull-
diMnu''d as illegal, tjrannieal, eiuel. and unjust, and the ,
rietidciit i-„ requested to countermand the &ame. 1
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the day after !!
the resolution was introduced, I understood" from"
General Halleek that the matter had been laid be-
foie the Picsident, and that ihe order had been
promptly revoked. The conduct of the President
and of the General-in-Chief in thus promptly
countermanding such an outrageous, unconstitu-
tional, and inhuman order, meets with my hearty
approval. I commend them for it.
The order having been countermanded, I desire
to move that the last clause of the resolution be
stricken out; and after that is stricken out, I de-
sire to have the action of the Senate upon the res-
olution. Gentlemen may say, the order having
been revoked, it is unnecessary that this body-
should take any action upon it. That seems to
be the intimation of the gentleman from INTew
Hampshire. I look upon the matter otherwise.
1 have in my possession documents that go to es-
tablish the fact beyond the possibility of a doubt
that the Jews, residents of the city of Paducah,
Kentucky, some thirty gentlemen m number,
were driven from their homes and their business
by virtue of this order of General Grant, only
having the short notice of four and twenty hours;
that the Jewish women and children of that city
were expelled under that order; that there was
not a Jew left, man, woman, or child, except two
women who were prostrate on beds of sickness.
I have the evidence before me, set forth in a pe-
tition, and attested by some twelve or fourteen of
the most respectable Union citizens of the city of
Paducah, among others the surveyor of the port,
that those Jews of Paducah had at no time been
engaged in tiade within the active lines of General
Grant; that they had alt the while been engaged
in legitimate business at their home, and that there
was but one Jew,a resident of Paducah, who had
jjone out of the State into the cotton region, and
that one was not at home, and consequently was
not expelled from his residence by this ruthless
order.
Mr. President, ifwe tamely submit to allow the
military power thus to encroach on the rights of
the citizen, we shall be setting a bad and most
pernicious example to those in command of our
Army. We should administer to those in com-
mand of our armies the sternest rebuke for such
flagrant outrages upon the rights of the citizen.
These people are represented by the most re-
spectable citizens of Paducah to be loyal men.
Many of them arc men who were not engaged in
commerce. They wore mechanics, attending to
ihe.r daily avocations at their homes. In my
judgment, it is incumbent on this Senate,"'as tho
nuut< r is befme them, to pass the resolution, and
1. t Gencial Grant and all other military com-
mando! s know that they are not to encroach upon
the rights and privileges of the peaceable loyal
citizens of this country. Pass the resolution, and
the exam pic will be of tin-greatest importance, par-
ticularly at this time, when the constitutional rights
of the citizens rue being stricken down and irodden
under foot throughout the entile couutty by the
executive and the military power. We fum sub-
mitted ai ready too long and tamely to thecneroach-
m< uts of tlie military upon the civil rights of the
citizen. Manyof th<(se Jews who were expelled
from Paducah were known to me for many years
as highly honoiable and loyal citizens. This
order expels them as a class from thatentiie de-
partment, and prevents them having a pas* to ap-
proach his person to ask a redress uf grievances
General Grant might just as well expel the Dap-
lists, or the Methodists, or the Episcopalians, or
the Catholics, as a class, as to expel the Jews.
All are alike protected in the enjoyment of their
religion by the Constitution of our country. They
are inoffensive citizens; and it is set foi th m papers
that I have before me, that two of the Jews who
were expelled had served three months in the
Army of the United States m defense of the Union
cause.
There is no excuse for General Grant for issu-
ing the order, It may be said that Jcvvsiu
his dcpartr.n t«t had be<.n guilty of illegal tiafwc,
If so, "Xpel tl.or- who violated tho !.iw and ihui-
i?.h f h« rn. I do not wish to shield a Jey- or a Gen-
tile h on: just punishment for the iniircth.n of the
law. lie should ha\e directed hisoide; to the
offenders, and should have punished them; but,
sir, so fur fiom doing that, he punishes a whole
people as a class: without specific chaige, hear-
ing, or trial, he drives out inoffensive, loyal peo-
ple, men, womni, and children, from a city far
