1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
of the country, in Illinois or Massachusetts, Con-
gress should do it directly and at once. "We must
discharge our duties. The people would rather
trust us than the Piesident in this regard, and if
any Senuiur can give a good and sufficient reason
why the act should be passed, I will vote for it.
But I will never vote to confer the power upon
the1 present Executive. I have not such confidence
in his judgment and ability as to confer any more
power than he now has. If the people had the
opportunity to-day they would relieve him from
the exercise of any poworin thisGovernmcnt, not
confer more on him. But, sir, I cannot stay that
determination now manifest in (he majority here
to do so much wrong;, as I think, to civil liberty.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I have a very few words to say in reply to
the remaiksof the Senator from Illinois. The Sen-
ator objects to the declaration I made, that Demo-
crats made tins civil war; that every soldier who
had fallen in this war had fallen by a bullet sent by
a Democrat—-by a rebel who would vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket in any State this day. Sir, the decla-
ration was a broad declaration, and yet, upon my
conscience, I believe it to be strictly and literally
true. The Senator refers to Virginia, and he asks
us who took Virginia out of the Union. I will tell
the Senator who took Virginia out of the Union.
Mason and Hunter and her delegation in the House
of Representatives, Governor £etcher and Henry
A. Wise and the chiefs and champions of the Dem-
ocratic party forced Virginia out of the Union.
Mr.WlLLEY. These general remarks of the
Senator from Massachusetts do injustice to the
gentleman who represented the Wheeling distiict
m the other House. Allow me to ask him to
except Hon. Shenaid Clemens.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. I stand cor-
rected in regard to Mr. Clemens. General Mil-
son also took no part in that work of treason.
Mr. WILLEY. He was also a Democrat.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I know that
many Democrats took no part in that dark work
of treason. The Senator from Illinois referred
to Stuart and Preston, and the old line Whigs of
Virginia, who aided in carrying her out. Sir, I
know something of these movements m Vtiginut,
and 1 know that those men to whom lie refers
assured the Administration, and assured General
Scott, that they would hold Virginia in the Union;
but when the flag of our country went down un-
der the rebel fires at Fort Sumter, when the storm
of rebel fanaticism swept over the South, they
cowardly bowed their headsand followed the bold
and reckless Democratic leaders into this bloody
revolution*, they are in that party to-day, and with
that party, and rejoice over its victories and mourn
over us defeats. I say to the Senator from Illi-
nois, there is not on this continent to-day, in any
town, city, county, or State, a political organ-
ization that a man can enter and be a traitor but
the Demociatic organization. Rebels and rebel
sympathizers, everywhere, laud Democracy and
scoff at Republicanism. Benjamin, and Toombs,
and Stephens,and Clingman in Congress,and all
that class of men, before they became traitors,
went over to that organization; and now those
journals in the North, the Cincinnati Enquirer,
the Chicago Times, the New York Woild, the
New Yotk Express, and journals of that stripe,
are quoted and commended by traitots in arms.
Throughout the loyal States of this Union there is
not n man speaking treason or voting treason, nor
a journal printing treason or sympathizing with
traitors, that does not support the Democratic
party of the country and denounce this Adminis-
tration. All over the country, in the Senator's
own State, in the East and in the West, there are
men supporting the Demociatic pai ty, using their
influence directly or indirectly iu favor of this re-
bellion or against the further prosecution of the
war. We had before us this arraignment of the
Government, the other day, by a convention in
Kentucky calling itself Democratic. We had a
convention at Hartford,- Connecticut, the other
day, uttering the boldest ticason and sympathy
with traitors; and so, all over the country, the men
who talk treason or sympathy with traitors are
supporting the Demociatic organization and the
Democratic candidates and denouncing Repub-
licanism and the Administration.
Now, sir, I want the Senator from Illinois dis-
tinctly to understand me. While I say this, and
while i believe th« Democratic party ought to
drive that class of men out of its ranks, and I be-
lieve the patriotic men will drive them out of the
ranks, or will go out of the ranks of the organ-
ization themselves, I know that there are hun-
dreds of thousands of Democrats who are as true
and loyal to the Union as any men that ever trod
the soil of the Republic. With those men, in or
out of Congress, I have no words of difference. I
bid them God-speed in every word they utter or
blow they strike in favor of the country. I ap-
plaud the words and deeds of Cutler and Hooker
and Burnside and Rosecrans and Grant, and all
the devoted men who are fighting the battles of
the country, and I hail and welcome the patriotic
appeals of Bancroft and Dickinson and Cass and
Wright and Johnson, and other once-honored
Democrats.
The Senator refers to my State, and refers re-
proachfully 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I sounder-
stood him, but he disclaims it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I disclaimed it at the
time. I referred to the act of jfcourGovernorand
of the Secietary of War, not to the State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator did allude, however, reproachfully to the
authority obtained by the Governor of Massa-
chusetts to raise colored men to go into the forti-
fications of Boston haibor. I am sure, if the Sen-
ator understood the facts, he would see nothing
to reproach the Governor or Massachusetts or the
War Department in that arrangement. The Gov-
ernment had few or no men in the forts in Boston
harbor when the war commenced. The State
placed, by the authority of the Government, six
companies of three years men there to hold those
fortifications. When the call was made for men to
come to the defense of the capital, when General
Ranks was driven up the Shenandoah valley, those
six companies were hurried at once to Washing-
ton, and the Governor of Massachusetts called on
mihtai y companies organized in the city of Bos-
ton, made up of young men of high intelligence and
character, and they went into those fortifications,
and for months performed the necessary duties
for their defense, and all the other not agreeable
duties imposed upon them. The Governor of the
State proposed to organize a few companies of
colored men who weie desirous to enter the ser-
vice of the country, to occupy those forts, and
allow the few soldiers now thcic to pass into the
field. That is the offense committed uy Governor
Andrew and Secretary Stanton.
The Senator referred to the failure of Massa-
chusetts to respond to the call that has been made
upon her. 11 is not the first time that allusion has
been made to the alleged failure of Massachusetts
to respond to that call. Now, sir, 1 have to say
to the Senator from Illinois, who I suppose means
to do justice to all sections of the country, that
Massachusetts by the census had one million two
hundred and thirty-one thousand inhabitants; the
State of Indiana had one hundred and nineteen
thousand more than Massachusetts, and of that
number one hundred and one thousand are males.
Massachusetts is a State from which there is a
large emigration to all parts of the country. It
is a State largely engaged in commerce and in the
fisheiies, and vast number's of our men are upon
the deep or from home in their a vocations. It is not
so easy a thing to raise a hundred thousand men in
Massachusetts as it is in the State of Indiana, or
the State of Illinois, where in proportion to' the
population they have a vast number more of males
than females. Massachusetts has sent into this
war over eighty thousand men, and fourteen thou-
sand into the Navy. She has sent mto the service
of the eountry since this war opened more than
ninety-five thousand men, and she is not fifteen
hundred men short, if any, to-day of the number
required by the call made on her, and she will
soon have m the field, and that too without a draft,
all the men asked for by the President. That is
heriesponse to the call of the country. Along
her sca-coast, Cape Ann and Cape Cod are stripped
of the men who have enteied the naval or military
service of th" country. The city of New Bedford
alone has sun thirteen hundicd men who were
residents mto the Navy oflhe United States during
this war.
1 do not reproach Illinois; I could not do it if I
would, and would not if I could. She has nobly
responded; so has Indiana; so has the entire
Northwest. But, sir, in proportion to the number
of men fit to do military duty, I venture the dec-
laration that.there is no free State of this Union
that has sent more men into the military and.naval
service of the country than the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts; and 1 am sure the Senator from
Illinois will admit that the men she has sent upon
the decks of our vessels or into the field have per-
formed their duty with fidelity to their country.
The Senator refers to the money we have made
in Massachusetts during the war. Sir, I regretted
to hear the Senator make that allusion, because
it is calculatcd to mislead further those who are
already deceived. It may be that some of our
manufacturing companies that had on hand when
the war broke out large quantities of cotton that
has risen enormously in price, have made large
dividends; but the manufacturing, commercial,
and business interests of Massachusetts, by the
breaking out of this unhallowed rebellion, have
suffeied as much as any other portion of our com-
mon country. Tens of millions of dollars due to
us from every portion of the country have been
lo&t, and lost forever to the business men of that
Commonwealth.
But, sir, I have no disposition to pursue this
subject further. When I listened on Saturday to
the reading of the arraignment of the Presidentof
the United States by men in Kentucky who call
themselves Democrats, I felt that those resolu-
tions were penned by men whose hearts were
sweltering with disloyalty to the country, and it
seemed to me that the hour had come and that
duty to the countty demanded tHat such declara-
tions wherever made should be denounced, and
wouls uttered here or elsewhere that applauded
such declarations rebuked.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I have
but a huef reply to make to the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] He has been
driven from his assault on masses to assail indi-
viduals, and is as unfortunate in the latter as he
was in the former case. He charges four papers
as disloyal. I enter my protest here and now
against the whole thing as wrong and outrageous.
I shall direct my remarks first to the Chicago
Times, as that is in my own State, and as I have
been a constant reader of that paper since its first
establishment.
The present proprietors and editors are Story
& Worden. Mr. Story is a gentleman of great
ability and energy, as devotedly attached to the
Constitution and the Union as the Senator him-
selforany Senatorupon this floor. Mr. Worden
is the brother of the commander of the Monitor
in the fight with the Merrimac, and worthy in
every respect of the relationship. 1 defy the
Senator to produce one article from that paper
that expresses a disloyal sentiment—one article
calculatcd to weaken or lessen the affection of
the people for the Constitution or the institutions
of our fathers. 1 know no other test of loyalty
than that to the Constitution, and laws passed
in accordance to it. The editors of that paper
scorn, as I do, that other test which the Senator
seeks to apply to the citizen—fidelity to the pres-
ent Administration. The course of that paper
needs no indorsement from me. I may well, as I
do, leave them to look to this; I feel conscious that
the matter is in safe hands. I say to the Senator
that if there have been disloyal sentiments in that
paper, treasonable sentiments m it, the courts are
open, and there is the place to investigate it, to
try it, decide it, determine it, and to punish the
editors if they have been guilty of it.
The Senator has alluded to other newspapers,
the Cincinnati Enquirer, the New York World,
and the New York Express. I am not as famil-
iar with those papers as with the Times, but I
have the same reply to make in icference to them
that I make in reference to the Times. If the ed-
itors of the papers are guilty of treason, try them
—the courts are open—and punish them.
Now, sir, I have one other word to say in lef-
erence to this chaige against the Chicago Times.
Your Army has been, through the provost mar-
shals in Missouri, I believe, condemning the pa-
pot or returning it os a disloyal sheet. 1 have seen
those statements, i know the facts that exist.
How monstrous and outrageous is this conduct
against a paper against which you can bring no
truthful chargc of offense !
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator pardon
me for a moment >
