248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
ion acts which are passed occasionally, after pe-
riods of violence, by the British Parliament. I
have not compared it recently, but my impres-
sion is that it is substantially that. 1 think we
cannot exercise, in this country, what are called
the omnipotent powers of Parliament. We can-
not copy their example; we cannot follow their
precedents. It is not necessary that I should elab-
orate this idea. We do not possess any such om-
nipotence. I cannot but declare that that bill is
to me, to say the least of it, as doubtful and a
very^much more questionable proceeding than any
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus by the
President.
Then I may be asked, what would you do? I
would not undertake to smother up judicial in-
quiry at all. I do not think it necessary; neither
do I think we have the power to do it if it was
necessary. It may become necessary to regulate
judicial proceedings, to adapt them to the occasion
which arises, and to furnish the remedies which
are needed; but we should not say that a law shall
be passed to make that lawful which was unlawful;
we should not say in effect, " having done a thing
which was not authorized by the Constitution, we
tell you now that ihe courts shall never inquire
into it at all; we are afraid to have it inquired into
any way;and they,in relation to the privateclaims
of individuals, shall beousted ofjurisdiction in re-
lation to them entirely." Sir,'in my judgment
that is very bad policy, very bad statesmanship,
and of extremely questionable constitutionality.
Well, what is to be done ? Do what you should
do in the regulating of judicial proceedings that
will adapt them to the emergency. Can you do
it? I believe so.
The bill which has been discussed before the
Senate is a bill to indemnify the parties by dis-
charging them; but an indemnity bill, properly
bo called, in this country would be to pay the dam-
ages that may be recovered against our officers.
It is quite obvious that we cannot pass, in antici-
pation, any statute of that kind making appro-
priations to pay the judgments which may be re-
covered against them if the courts should think
their proceedings unconstitutional and irregular.
In the first place, what sort of confidence should
we have in judgments for damages obtained in
courts where it was distinctly understood before-
hand that not the defendant but the country was
to pay them? You offer the most direct induce-
ment to collusion between the plaintiffs and de-
fendants to let the damages be very high, to be
shared between them, and the Government to pay
them. Again, would you agree to pass a law of
that kind beforehand and let persons bring their
suits against these people, and if the court should
decide that their orders from the President were
not a defense, then you would have all the power
and eloquence of the bar of America down on a
jury to give damages, because nobody has got to
suffer for it; the Government is going to pay for
it. We can do nothing of that kind.0
This brings me, Mr. President, to explain brief-
ly the substance of the bill which I present, and
which I think fitted to the occasion. Our Consti-
tution provides that the jurisdiction of the United
States courts shall extend, among other things, to
all cases arising under the construction of tlusCon-
stitution, and under the laws and treaties made in
pursuance of it, and to all cases between the citi-
zens ol one State and the citizens of another State,
and so on. The manner in which this jurisdiction
of the courts of the United States may be exer-
cised over these various questions differs very con-
siderably m relation to causes that arise before a
State court and those that are originally brought
in the United States courts. Where in a State
court a question arises about the construction of
the United States Constitution or laws, and the
decision is against the right claimed under them, i
then, by the twenty-fifth section of our judiciary
act, when thatdecision has been made by thehio-h-
est tiibunal of a State, a writ of error may carry
it to the Supreme Court of the United States; bur
you will observe that is only carried there after
final judgment. In relation to suits between citi-
zens of one State and those of another, it is pro-
vided by our law that when such a suit is com-
menced, at the term at which it is commenced
the defendant, if he is a citizen of a different
State fiom the plaintiff, and could have been sued
in the circuit court, may, befoieit is tried at all,
by a .lotion, or petition and application, remove
that case into the circuit court of the United
States, and then it proceeds in that court.
Now, Mr. President, I propose that every per-
son sued for any act done under the Executive
of the United States, by order of the President,
during this rebellion, if he is sued in any State
court, may, like the citizen in the case just stated,
remove that case from the State court into the
circuit court of the United States. I believe we
have a right so to legislate. I have no doubt on
that point. In the first place, the occasion now
requires that to be done. In the next place, if
gentlemen will look at the case of Cohen vs. Vir-
ginia—the case which settles the construction of
the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act—they
will find that in the opinion of Judge Story in that
case the court held that the United States, by legis-
lation , may order, in thefirstinstance, all the cases
which may, under the provisions of the Consti-
tution, go into the circuit court, to be removed
there whenever they are commenced in a State
court. It is quite obvious from the reading of the
Constitution that if you could order one of these
forms removed, you could the other. I have a
precedent for this. I am not going now merely
by my own speculations and conjcctures; i have
a full precedent for it. 1 ask for nothing to be
done by my bill but what has been done. I ask
not only for what I believe may constitutionally
be done, but for what has been done.
Now, what is the object of getting a case into
the circuit court of the United States? Is there'
any great purpose in it? We cannot but know
that these very provisions of the Constitution
were intended to be provided for agreat occasion
of this kind. The Constitution contemplates that
the State courts in great emergencies, and in re-
lation to subjects which concern the Government
of the United States, are not safe for the Govern-
ment of the United States always to trust. Suits
may be brought against those who have arrested
and imprisoned men under the order of the Ex-
ecutive, in various States. They may be brought
before a justice of the peace, before a county court,
before a circuit court, according to the various
provisions of the different States as to their juris-
dictions. The great question arises before them,
was the Pie&ident authoi ized to make the order
on which the defendent relics; did the Constitu-
tion authorize it? That is important, not merely
to the individuals sued, but to the nation, because
it is most clear, as I take it, that if the President
and his subordinates, and the individuals to whom
his authority has been deputed, have acted in good
faith in this period of trial, at least we must indem-
nify them. Wc therefore have a pecuniary inter-
est; and thus it becomes quite important to have
some sort of check as to the measure of damages
that shall be awarded if the courts should find
these proceedings to be irregular. According to
common-law punciplcs, in such a case, the court
should tell the jury, in my humble judgment, if
they rejected the man's defense, if he presented J
the order of the Executive under which he acted, !
and the court should decide that it did not consti-
tute ales;al defense, yet, afterall, the courtshould
tell the jury, " if you find that though this was a
mistaken authority, the man acted in good faith,
or if there was aprobable cause in law for making
the arrest, the most you can do is to give the de-
fendant actual damages; you will give no exem-
plary damages; you will give nothing by way of!
what is commonly callcd smart money; you will !
give nothing for attacks through the individual !
upon the vitals of the Constitution, or all that; these i
people have acted in good faith; and if, m your !
verdict, you go beyond simply paying the man \\
the damage sustained by him by reason of his '!
confinement for the time he was actually confined, ''
the couit will set aside your verdict." Butdo we '
know that these State judges will do this ? Have
we any good reason to have confidence in their ;
holding over the jury the pi oper judicial influence !
to keep them m potent control? I am afraid of I
them.^ I do not like to leave our citizens and of- i
ficers in their hands. 1 desire that the cases may |
be earned intoour courts, into the United States i,
circuit courts, in order to avail the defendants of>
all the advantages and protections under our Con- :
stitution which those courts give. (
Mr. President, I said that I had a precedent for :
my bill. It is to be found in an act passed in 1815, !
in oider to piotect officers who had made seizures !
under the non-intercourse act during the war and !
previous to the war. The act of 1815 1 have es-
sentially followed, the object of which was to have
any suits brought against our officers for their
action under that United States law, if brought in
a State court, removable into a circuit court of the
United States, and directing the mode of proceed-
in^ thereon. My bill is essentially based on that.
The first section of this bill, following the words
of that statute, is that if any suit or prosecution
has been or shall be commenced in any State court
against any officer, civil or military, or against
any other person, for any arrest or imprisonment
made at any time during the present rebellion by
virtue or under color of any authority derived
from or exercised by or under the President of the
United States, and the defendant shall at the time
of entering his appearance in court file a petition
for the removal of said cause for trial to the next
circuit court of the United States to be holden in
the district where the suit is pending, and offer
good and sufficient security, then the cause shall
be removed and go into the circuit court of the
United States, and there be tried as if it had been
there commenced. All the provisions are pre-
cisely like those which apply to a ease where a
citizen of one State is sued by a citizen of another
State in a State court, who can remove the case
to the circuit court of the United States. It also
provides that if there has been a judgment in any
such case in a State court, it may be carried by
appeal into the circuit court. This provision is
made in the very words of the statute, from which
I shall presently read, for carrying all these cases
into the circuit court of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I ask whether this would
notfurnish to thePresident, and to hisofliceis, and
everybody else, all the securities which, in a Gov-
ernment of law, should be asked. The first great
question that will he made before the judge of the
circuit court will be this: the defendant offers to
show, and does show, that in making this arrest,
and holding this man in imprisonment, he acted
under the order of the President of the United
States; it is insisted, then, on the other side, that
the President was unauthorized to make such an
order, for that in doing it he suspended the habeas
corpus, and that he had no authoi ity to do, without
a law for it. The counsel would at first, of course,
insist that the President had the power to suspend
the habeas corpus in the necessities of the Govern-
ment. If the court decided that he had, there
would be the defense. But suppose the court
should think otherwise, and should hold that he
had not that power; still the counsel would insist
that this order of the President of the United States
to this major, to this general, to this marshal, to
these persons who have performed these services,
should be to them an entire defense. Did not the
Supreme Court of the United States hold it so in
the case of Holhns at Greytown ? Did not the
Supreme Court so hold in the Pennsylvania case,
where men were sued for their fines in not obey-
ing the order for the detached militm, in tho last
war? They insisted that there was no such inva-
sion to be repelled as authorized the President to
call them out, but the court said that was for the
President to decide, that was preliminary to the
order, and we cannot go back into it, it is an ex-
ecutive thing. So the court might say in this case,
that this order issuing to this general to do this
thing, that, or the other, and among others to ar-
rest a man if you please, is a protection to the offi-
cer, though the preliminaries to the issuing of the
order, which were forthe Executive to pass upon,
may have been mistakenly passed upon, the court
cannot inquire into them. I .say that such would
be the course, probably, and be'tter lawyers than
me, perhaps, would find still better defenses. But
suppose that the court should overrule the whole
of them; still the court, under the common rule
of law, would give the wholesome direction in
relation to the measure of damages which the
exigency of the case would demand.
In the next place, Mr. President, there is an-
other important provision in the statute from
which I have substantially copied the bill as
as I could adapt it to the present case; and thai
is as to what shall be the effect, in eases of thi1-
kind, of what is called probable cause. Undoubt-
edly, the common law was, that in some forms
of action, such as malicious prosecution, prob-
able cause was an entire defense out and out;
while in some other forms of action, as trespass,
it might iv.>t be; but it was always received in
