1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
pus in each individual case, as is suggested by the
Senator from Kentucky; but may authorize the
President to suspend it whenever the exigency
arises, where the public safety requires it in ease
of rebellion.
So much for that point. But the Senator from
Kentucky, in the course of his remarks, took
occasion to say that wherever the courts are open
the writ should never be suspended, if it is not
suspended there, when on earth could it be sus-
pended ? If there were no courts in existence, no
courts open to grant the writ of habeas cot -pus,
what object, let me ask, would there be in sus-
pending it? And yet the Senator says it never
should be suspended where the courts are open !
Complaint is made,too, that there is a disposition
to put the military above the civil authority. That
is not the object of this bill. The objtct of this
bill i.s to make the milttui y authority subordinate
to the civil authority. That is the provision of
this hill, and if this bill is enacted into a law,not
a person can be held in prison except it be by vir-
tue of judicial action. An arrest may take place
withoutan investigation before a judicial tribunal,
but at the very fust term of the court when a grand
juiy is impanneled, before which the accusation
can be laid, this bill requires that the accusation
shall be made, and unless the grand jury takes
action, the ptisoner is to be discharged on taking
an oath of fidelity to the Government, and giving
bond if the court thinks proper to require bond.
It is not, therefore, a bill placing the military
above the civil authority; on the other hand it
makes the military subordinate, the very thing for
which the Senator has been contending.
We are told both by the Senator from Ken-
tucky and by my colleague, that these arrests have
stitred a bad feeling in the country, created divis-
ion and a great deal of opposition. When a bill
is presented which will ^ive the sanction of law to
these proceedings, which will provide for dis-
chniging every political prisoner, why is opposi-
tion made to it > It is even said that this is a lull
to place the military above the civil tribunals of
the country. Why, sn, what is being done now ?
We ate told a great deal of complaint is made 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will my colleague allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague says this
will discharge all the prisoners under arrest. 1
ask him if they were not all directed to be din-
charged by an order from the Secretary of War,
lust November.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps so. If so, then
there will be no one for it to operate upon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Exactly; that is the
point ! wanted my colleague to reply to. Are
there any on whom the bill can operate now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. lam not aware; I have
not inquired whether any political prisoners are
still held in custody. 1 supposed that there were;
hut if there are not, it provides for all future cases.
Whenever any one shall he arrested, he is to have
opportunity to have his case heard at the very first
term of (he court. Should the Secretary through
who.se office he was arrested not present his case
to the grand jury, he himself may ask for his dis-
charge, and the officer refusing to obey the order
of discharge is to be punished.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my colleague will per-
mit me, I will call his attention to another thing,
lie provides m his bill by the second section that
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of State
shall, as soon as convenient, report the names of
the prisoners to the court in whose jurisdiction
they are held in arrest. Now, sir, is there any
time at which the Secretaries are bound to re-
port?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My colleague evidently
has not read the hill. If lie will read the bill he
will find that the third section provides that if, for
any reason, they do not do it within accrtain num-
ber of days, the party himself, or any friend for
him, may apply, and the number of days is fixed;
and if the limit does not suit my colleague let him
propose to fix a different number of days; there
is no importance in that. I think, perhaps, twenty
days is named in the bill.
x\Ir. RICHARDSOJNT. My colleague is prob-
ably mistaken about my having not read the bill.
I have read the bill. It so happens sometimes
thai men are arrested who have no friends. Some
of them are of that character.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read that section of
the bill. I apprehend that there would be some-
body through whom the party arrested could make
his complaint:
And in case the said Secretaiies of State and War shall
for any reason icfuse or omit to furnish the said list within
five days from and after thepasnage of tins act, any citizen
may, by a petition alleging the laets afoiesaid touching any
of the per-ons so as aforesaid imprisoned, supported by the
oath of such petitioner or any other credible peison, obtain
and be entitled to have the said judge's order to discharge
such prisoner.
That is the form in which the bill passed the
House of Representatives. In the amendment
which I submitted I altered that. The bill as it
passed the House only provided for those now in
custody, and required the list to be furnished with-
in five days. I limited it so as to require the list
to bo furnished, not only of those now in prison,
but of those who may be hereafter arrested, with-
in twenty days, I think, according to the amend-
ment I have proposed, from the time of arrest. As
to how many days should elapse is an immaterial
matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think my colleague
is mistaken as to the twenty days.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Twenty daysin the amend-
ment as I proposed it, I tlunk. In the tenth line
of the third section it reads:
In ease the said Secretaries of State and of War shall
for any tcason refuse or omit to funusii the said h&t of per-
sons held a^ piisonets as afoiesaul at the time of the pas-
sage of this act within twenty days thereafter, and of such
persons theieafter may be anc-ted within twenty days
Irom the time of the anest, any citizen may, by a petition
alleging the facts aforesaid touching arty of the persons so
an aforesaid imprisoned, supported by the oath of-uch pe-
titioner or any other credible person, obtain and be entitled
to have tiie said jud^e'* order to discharge such prisoner on
the same terms and conditions prescribed m the first sec-
tion of this act.
So that the provision is there, and certainly we
shall not have a discussion about the time, as to
whether it shall be five days or twenty days. I
attach no importance to that, so that a reasonably
sufficient time is given.
These constitute the objections to this bill on
the part of Senators on the other side; and so
far from having their objections, I had supposed
we should have their cooperation and support. I
thought this bill would receive the sanction of
loyal citizens of the United States, Democrats as
well as Republicans, Senators who were anxious
to put down this rebellion, and who thought as I
did that an act of Congress conferring this power
was appropriate and proper. When they saw the
divisions that had been occasioned m the country,
the bad spirit which had been engendered as they
tell us by these arrests, which are denominated
despotic and arbitrary, when a bill was brought
in to give the sanction of law to the proceedings
on the part of the Government and to provide that
the persons arrested should withm a convenient
time be taken before a judicial tribunal for ti ial, or
for discharge if thei e was nothing to allege against
them, I supposed we should have their coopera-
tion and support.
Some Senators denominate this my hill. Why,
sir, it is a bill that passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. I am not the author of it. I did pro-
pose a substitute for it in the form of an amend-
ment, and wrote it as a substitute because of the
difficulty of interlining the bill, as it came from the
House of Representatives, to express the views
which I entertained. The bill is the same in sub-
stance, except as to the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus, as provided for in the first section.
There weie some defects, as 1 thought, m the
House bill. This was one: it did not provide any
time within which the Secretaries should furnish
a list of prisoners, if any were arrested after the
passage of the act. I thought that was an omis-
sion that should be provided for.
Now, sir, 1 should be glad if we could get the
attention of the Senate to the metits of the bill,
leavingoutof view this partisan discussion which
has arisen, here. If there is really a desire to pre-
vent men from being arrested and held in prison
without warrant, as it is said, without authority,
without knowing for what, and for indefinite
periods, then unite with me in passing a bill that
shall put a stop to that. If ever there was an
occasion to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in
case of rebellion, surely that occasion exists now;
and I am for giving that authority, for settling
this mooted question, for it exists somewhere,
either in the Executive or Congress, one or the
other; and those of us who believe that Congress
possesses the power can vote for the bill granting
it; and those who believe the Executive has it, it
seems to me, cannot object to the declaratory act
at any rate.
Now, sir, I hope to have the attention of the
Senate, and that we may proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill upon its merits.
Mr. CARL1LE. The Senator from Illinois,
before he took his seat, said that if there was re-
ally a desire to prevent these arbitrary arrests, we
should unite with him in the support of his sub-
stitute. Now, if there is such a desire as that, I
ask the Senator to unite in the support of the sub-
stitute which I have offered for his. The substi-
tute which I have offered prevents these arbitrary
arrests. The substitute which he has offered, and
which he has argued in favor of, gives, as he says,
the sanction of law to these arbitrary arrests.
That is the radical difference betsveen the Senator
from Illinois and those who believe that no arbi-
trary arrest is warranted by the Constitution. In-
stead of the Senate of the United States, within a m
few days of the close of its session, being engaged
here in legalizing the exercise of arbitrary power,
giving the sanction of law to a measure which
relieves the Executive of the country from his re-
sponsibility to the people under the Constitution,
which it is his duty to administer and respect, it
would do well to join in the passage of an act to
prevent this exorcise of arbitrary power. Now,
sir, I use the Senator's own language, and I say
when a bill is brought in to prevent the exercise
of arbitrary power, to protect the citizen, so far as
the law can do it, in his personal liberty by pro-
viding proper punishments for those who outrage
that right and deprive him of that liberty, I ask
Senators to come up with me, and to support, not 0
the substitute of the Senator from Illinois, but the
one which is immediately under consideration, and
which I have offered in lieu of his.
Mr. President, once before in our history a prop-
osition was made to suspend this wiit. It passed
this body, so far as we can see, without even dis-
cussion and probably unanimously. It went to
the other House and received there but eleven or
fourteen votes, I forget which. It was then main-
tained (and that was early in our history, when
there were those living who had taken part in the
formal ion of the Constitution under which we now
live and under which we are acting,) that the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus was not contem-
plated to be suspended except in cases where the
taw could not be administered, or where there was
just ground to suspect the judges of corruption
and that they would not discharge their duties
faithfully.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Virginia allow me right there to ask him what
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus would
amount to in cases where the laws could not be
administered in the courts? How could you get
such a writ, and what would you want to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus for, where the laws
could not be administered m the courts? I should
like an answer to that.
Mr. CAItLILE. I do not say you should want
to suspend the writ where the laws cannot be en-
forced; but 1 say that where the laws can be en-
forced you should not want to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus unless your judges were unfaith-
ful and corrupt and would not administer the law.
I say you have no right to take from the citizen
the protection which the Constitution and the laws
of the land give him unless the public safety re-
quires it because of the unfaithfulness of your
judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Virginia
allow me to put him a question ?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. The validity of the order of sus-
pension, if I understand the Senator from Vir-
ginia, depends upon the question of the fidelity
or infidelity of the judge. Now, then, suppose
the writ be suspended by order of the legisla-
tive department or the executive department, and
the validity of that suspension be denied, and the
judge be appealed to to issue a writ oHiabeascor-
pus, and the response to the writ is that it is sus-
pended by order of the Legislature or by order of
the Executive, and the validity or sufficiency of
I that return be submitted to the judge, and he be
[ called upon to pronounce upon its validity in con-
I aideration of tne question whether he is faithful
