1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
or unfaithful, what is likely to be the determin-
ation ?
Mr. CARLILE. Mr President, gentlemen are
remarkably fertile in suppositions; and to those
supposing minds I leave the benefit of furnish-
ing to themselves their own answers. But, Mr.
President, every man knows fall well the result
of the proposition to which I have alluded. "When
in a district of country not exactly m a state of
insurrection or in rebellion, but where sympathy
is so great with it that it has affected the judiciary
of the land, then and to that extent it would be
incumbent upon the Congress oftheUnited States
probably to suspend the writ of habeas corpus; and
that was the intention of the framers of the Con-
stitution in putting the clause now in the Consti-
tution in that instrument. I lay it down as a
proposition that cannot be successfully refuted,
that a rebellion or an invasion in the State of
Louisiana will not warrant you in suspending the
writ of habeas corpus or authorizing arbitrary
arrests in the Suite of Maine. It is to that prop-
osition I desire to direct the attention of the Sen-
ator who is so very anxious, as he says, to legal-
ize, to give the sanction of law to the cxercise of
arbitrary power. Sir, instead of legalizing, in-
stead of giving the sanction of law to an exercise
of arbitrary power, we should be engaged in de-
vising such legislation as would forever prohibit
its cxercise, no matter by whom attempted
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
says because Congress passed a law some forty
or fifty yeais ago authorizing letters of marque
and reprisal 4o be issued by the President, there-
fore Congress can pass a law authorizing the
President to suspend the writ of habeas coiyus.
The language, and that which is to be done, con-
f templated by the Constitution to be done by Con-
gress, is different in the two grants of power. But
without noticing that now, L will ask the Senator
if Congress can pass a law authorizing the Pies-
ident to declare war. Congress can declare war
and authorize the Piesident to promulgate its
declaration, but can Congress dispense with its
power of declaring war and authorize the Presi-
dent to drt it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator wish an
answer ?
Mr. CARL1LE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly Congress
can in a certain contingency authorize the Presi-
dent to declare war and leave it to him to decide
upon the contingency, just as they do in case of
rebellion leave to him to decide when the rebel-
lion exists. And let me say another word, as the
Senator calls me up. He speaks as if I were ar-
guing in favor of the exercise of arbitrary power.
No sir, 1 am for the exeicise of constitutional
power. I am for allowing these traitors and sym-
pathizers, men who are fighting against the Gov-
ernment, to be arrested by authoiity of law. I
am for the exercise of constitutional power, not
arbitrary power. I have advocated no such tiling.
It is not to legalize arbitrary arrests: it its to make
just and pro per arrests constitutionally and legally,
itis entirely competent for Congress to au thorize
the-President to declare war in the happening of
a contingency which they provide for, and it is
competent, m my judgment, for them to authorize
the President to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in a case of rebellion just as much as it is to call
out the militia in case of rebellion.
Mr. CARLILE. That is precisely the answer
I presumed the Senator would give. It is com-
petent to do what the Senator says, for Congress
to authorize the President upon the happening of
n. given and fixed event prescribed by Congress
to declare war; but the power to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus does not authorize its suspension
by Congress or by any other department of the
Government simply because there is an invasion
or a rebellion. There must not only be an inva-
sion or a rebellion, but the public safety must re-
quire that this writ shall be suspended in addition
to the fact of an invasion or a rebellion existing.
Then, sir, who is to judge? Can Congress dele-
gate to the President the power to judge when the
public safety requires the exercise of this power?
Js it not for Congress to judge not only when the
public safety requires the exercise of the power,
out also in what districts of this country that power
should be exerted? It certainly never has been
contemplated, and I have not heard the idea ad-
vanced during this entire discussion, that a rebel-
lion in one particular section of the country au-
thorized the taking away from the people of other
sections of this high right, this privilege sacred
by time, and endeared to us by association, and'
one that distinguishes a free people from all others.
It cannot and it will not be contended that an in-
vasion or rebellion existing in a particular section
of the country would authorize an entire suspen-
sion of this writ all over that portion of the coun-
try where there was no rebellion or invasion, and
whore the public safety was not threatened. That
is the distinction to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate. It requires the exorcise, there-
fore, of the sound discretion and the judgment of
Congress before they can suspend this writ. They
cannot delegate to the President the power to sus-
pend it, any more than they can delegate to him
the right to declare war and plunge this country
into war upon his mere motion without the fiction
of the Representatives of the people and of the
States in Congress assembled. They may, as the
Senator says, provide that upon the happening of
a certain event, upon the existence of a contin-
gency apprehended m the future, then, if that par-
ticular event which they describe and provide for
does happen Congress may declare war; but they
cannot authorize the President to suspend the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus without fiist
determining that the public safety icquires it, and
designating the place, the States, and the districts
of country in which its suspension is necessary to
the public safety.
But, Mr President, the main objection to the
Senator's substitute and to the bill is not so much
to this clause authorizing the suspension of the
privilege of this writ as it is to the framework of
the bill legalizing arbitrary arrests. When 1 speak
of arbitrary arrests, 1 speak of arrests made out-
side of the ordinary process of law, not upon due
process of law, not by the ordinary judicial officers
of the country, not through the judicial tiibunals
of the country, but through another department,
whose business it is, not to make the law, not to
mteifere with the judicial department, but whose
business itis to keep its powers free, distinct, and
separate, because they have been so made by the
framework of our Government, from those of the
judicial, and closing tins department of the Gov-
ernment—which, by the way, is that department
which is dearer to every lover of liberty than any
othei, and the preservation of which is essential
to the maintenance of the liberties of the people—
closing that department of the Government by
lodging its functions in the hands of another de-
parunentof the Government, and that department
consistmgof butone single individual.
To me, sir, these propositions are fearful. I
may over-estimate them. 1 may see in them that
which does not exist. 1 trust it may be so. But
take tins bill in connection with the two bills that
have gone before and received the sanction of this
body, and I defy the wisdonvof man to create a
more severe and perfect despotism than they do
create.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, this is a ques-
tion of much importance and gravity, and it ought
to be and doubtless will be considered with calm-
ness and with refinance to the public good. I do
not know but that I may vote foi tins bill. I
probably shall, though 1 do not choose now to
make any pledge on the .subject, for I am not
able to foresee the shape which the measure may
take before it is put upon its final passage, and I
am willing upon so grave and difficult an occa-
sion, to some extent, nay, to a very great extent,
to yield my own opinions for the sake of concili-
ation and harmony here and elsewhere. But, sir,
if I vote for any measure purporting to give to
the President of the United States a modified au-
thority to suspend the great privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus, 1 shall do so, as the lawyers say,
protestando. I shall do it under a protest that the
President of the United States, upon a fair con-
struction of the Constitution, is already vested by
the instrument with full authority to suspend the
privilege of the writ in cases of rebellion or inva-
sion, and that it pertains to him and does not
pertain to Congress so to do. If this be the true
doctrine, we may well pause and consider the con-
sequences which may m the future flow from any
attempt on our part to intermeddle with this great
executive power. 1 am anxious to avoid, if we
can avoid, the setting of a precedent which shall
in the future look even to a divesting of the power
of the Executive of this important authority.
Still I may, as I have observed, be induced to
yield my opinions for the purpose of conciliation
and harmony, and to vote for some measure that
may be thought to quiet alarm, however unfound-
ed the alarm may be.
Mr. COWAlNf. Do I umj^rstand the Senator
from Michigan to say that the writ may be sus-
pended; or, in other words, do I understand him
to say that the writ is not to issue in all cases ?
Mr. HOWARD. I intended to be understood
and I think I so expressed myself, that it is the
privilege of the writ which is to be suspended;
u the privilege of the writ of Habeas corpus'* is the
constitutional language, although I must say that
I cannot very well conceive the propriety of allow-
ing the writ of habeas corpus to issue when the
party in whose favor it is issued is stripped of
the privilege which the writ carries with it. The
law neve>- uquires auseless thing to be done, and
it would be quite useless, would it not, to issue
tlv? writ of habeas corpus if all benefit under the
writ was taken away ? However, I will not dis-
cuss that question.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask, then, in what way can it be determined, or
by whom is it to be determined, in what cases the
piivilcgc shall be denied to a suitor? Is it not
only on the issuing of the writ and the return of
the officer to the writ that it can be determined
whether the case falls within that class of cases in
which the privilege is suspended?
Mr. HOWARD. Very likely there might be
an inconvenience and a 'difficulty arising from
such a state of facts. However, I do not con-
ceive that that view has any particular relation to
the line of argument I was about to present to the
Senate.
The Senator from Virgin iaa nd the Senator from
Kentucky, and some other Senators, hold that
Congress cannot authorize the President of the
United States, by proclamation or otherwise, to
suspend the privilege, those Senators holding that
it pertains to Congress, and, if I understand them
properly, to Congress exclusively, in exclusion
of all other branches or agents of the Government,
to determine for themselves in what particular
cases and in what localities the suspension shall
be granted; and that the power cannot oe dele-
gated to the Pnpsident or to any other functionary.
I think myfriendfrom Illinois (Mr.Trumbull]
has already sufficiently answered the objection
which has been raised, that the President of the
United States cannot be invested with this power
Let me call the attention of Senators, however,
for one moment to an inconvenience wLich would
spring up if the principle should be admitted that
this is a power exclusively lodged in Congress,
not to be transferred m any way to the President;
in other words, one which it is incompetent for
us to delegate to the President or any other indi-
vidual. What is the language of the Constitution?
" The privilege of the wiit of habeas corpus shall not
suspended unless wlicn, in eases of rebellion or invasion,
the puDUc safety may lequire it."
It is obvious from this language that there are
but two exigencies in which any power in this
Government can suspend the privilege. One is
the case of a rebellion, the other is the case of an
invasion. A rebellion is a domestic war, waged,
like the present war, for the purpose of overthrow-
ing an established Government, a case in which
one portion, whether great or small, of the peo-
ple belonging to the Government and owing alle-
giance to it have risen and taken up arms against
their established Government with intent to over-
throw and subvert it. The other case is that of
an ordinary war between this and a foreign coun-
try in which this country is, in the progress of the
war, invaded by the troops of the foreign coun-
try. In contemplation of the Constitution, the
privilege cannot, in either of these cases, be sus-
pended unless the public safety shall require it.
The public safety is one of the elements, and a
principal element, of the question. Unless in the
judgment of somebody, of Congress, or the Pres-
ident, or some one else, the public safety in time
of rebellion or invasion shall require the suspen-
sion of this great privilege, the privilege cannot
be suspended. Who, then,sir, is to judge of what
the public safety in those cases actually requires?
Is Congress invested exclusively with the power
of passing judgment on that questionIf so, then
Congress, and not the President, must neeessa-
