250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
I have thought, sir, that it would, perhaps, be
desirable that tiic forces from each State should
be maishalod together. I recollect that the Sen-
atorfrom Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] only a day or
two ago, made a suggestion here upon that sub-
ject, that it might be desirable that the forces from
each State should be brigaded together; but for
reasons deemed to be sufficient by the Govern-
ment that policy has not been adopted, and, so
far from brigading the regiments of a State to-
gether, particular pains have been taken to sepa-
rate them, and you can hardly find a brigade com-
posed of regiments from the same State. So far
as the troops fiora the State of Illinois are con-
cerned, so far as I am advised m rcgaid to the
matter, there is scarcely a single brigade composed
entirely of regiments from thatStatc; and yet now
you are to pass a bill to brigade twenty thousand
Kentuckians together. You will not allow that
to be done in regard to the troops of any other
State; but in regard to the State of Kentucky it
is to be done. The State of Illinois has got thou-
sands and tens of thousands of soldiers m Ken-
tucky, and they are not permitted to be brigaded
together; yet tins is to be done in regard to those
Kentucky troops.
And they aie to be raised, sir, for what pur-
pose ? They arc " to be employed within the lim-
its of Kentucky in repelling invasion, suppressing
insurrection, and guarding and protecting the pub-
lic properly" in that State. There is a proviso
" that at any time it may be necessary, in the dis-
cretion of the President of the United "States, these
troops may be employed out of the limits of Ken-
tucky." How? 44 Against theenemies of the Uni-
ted Statf-s." You cannot employ them to guard
the public propel ty out of Kentucky, but you may,
for the specific purpose of contending against the
enemies of the United States, employ them out of
the limits of that State; but they are to be raised pri-
marily for the purpose of guarding public property
in the State of Kentucky. That is the primary oli-
jeet for which this force is to be raised; and if these
troops are taken out of Kentucky, you nc\er can
use them to guard the public property; you must
take the troops from my State, the State of Illi-
nois, which sends thousands of men into Ken-
tucky and into Tennessee and Mississippi and ;
Alabama, and when they get down by the side of ;
troops fiom Kentucky—these twenty thousand !
men raised and brigaded together—the Illinois !
troops aio to be stationed to guard public prop- !
erty, and the Kentucky troops may be used to !
meet the enemy. Sir, 1 am opposed to that spe- i
cies of legislation; and I admit myself surprised |
that, with the experience we have had, such a i
proposition could obtain the sanction of the Mil- ;
itary Committee. I
And, sir, where arc these troops to be raised: 1
In the Stare of Illinois, or anywheie else. They
arc not twenty thousand troops to be rawed m
Kentucky; n<>t at all; but the Governor of Ken- ,
tucky is. by this bill, authorized to go to the Statu
of JNjcw York, or the State of Illinois, and uuse
twenty thousand men to guard public property m ;
Kentucky; and when taken out of the State they '
may be used against the enemy, but not to guard
public property. The bill docs not provide that
these men are to be laised within the limits of ;
Kentucky; it does not provide that they are to be
Kentuckians; but it declares that—
"• Til'1 Go vet not of i he Mate of KViueek\. !>v the onn-v;j 
anil under tln> direction oi the IV'Miicut of the jY.itcd
tfuto, >w.x\\ ii.ivo pt'Wei to jaw and oi^an.zi1 mt)
menu a volunteer force not exceedne; twenty timii ,tiri
rank and fiic. to s cr\e fur the leon of !u el\"" inoi'ln-. u, Ik
t withm the limits nt Kentucky rn iep< llii"/ tu\a-
moii, Mippres-nil' m-mrioctioiijUnd <jtiaidin'; a,id pintccun'' '
tin; putihe piopeity."
1 roops to be raised where; In tny State, m any
of the States; not Kentuckians; anu then they arc
to b" tin own together, and here is to be a body
of Kentucky tioops, twenty thousand strong, all
brought together and ofliceted by the Governor
of Kentmky, while the troops from other States
are broken up: and this overshadowing influence
is in be eonfei red upon a select set of men from this
State, not raised in the State necessarily; notcm- :
zens of the State in ce^ai dy, j
I\ow, sir, I do trust thai ih" Senate will at least ■
consider be.fore it passe s a bill of this character,
j shall not take up time m discussing it. I have ;
made these iew suggestions in regard to the bill |
us it comes befoi ens. There is another one which j
I will not omit, and that is this: the troops aic to '
be raised for twelve months. There are no such
troops raised in other States. In my State we h«ve
no twelve months troops; and as theie was no
draft there for nine months, we have no other
troops now in the fi« id except those who have vol-
unteered for three year; . In every point of view,
it seems to me that ihe organization of this dis-
tinct force for Kentucky if objectionable. If it is
necessary to li.uc twenty thousand mote men
raised, if that isth-; argument, let twenty thousand
men be raised m Kentucky; but sa1" nothing about
their being raised for the purpose .a'pi electing the
public property in Kontuckv; M th"m be raised
for the purpose of maintaining tite hiUguty of ih--
Union, and putting down the rebellion; and if they
are needed in Kentucky, I am that dm Pi ev-
ident will permit them to pane a m Kentucky to
defend it.
Mr. IVWIS. Mr. Preshh n'. 1 regard t!ie op-
position of the honorable Scnat-T t.om Illinois to
this measure as very extraordinary, a'id I am con-
fident in the asset Lion that he has not stated one
solitary objection to the bill but what is miscon-
ceived. He adverts to Simon Bolivar Buckner,
and to the traitorousnart which that officer played;
but he wholly misapplies it to tins b !i in the form
of the objection which he attempts to make to the
bill growing out of that mnttor. There were two
local organizations in the State of Kentucky: the
one was what was calk d the State guards under
a lav.7 of the State, which law was drawn up and
conceived by General Buckner, I believe, origin-
ally, as a measure of treason. The force organ-
ized under that law, he to a considerable extent
perverted to the purposes of tn-a-son and disunion;
hat that organization and th:U force was just as
separate and distinct in its nature and in the &cr-
vu.e v. Inch it tendered from what was afterwards
tiie home guards, as was that organization from
the three yeais United States troops fiom any
State m the Union. Sir, what was the home guard
organization ? It. was private organization, with-
out authority of Saw, cither of the United States
Government or the State of Kentucky. It was
got up wholly by the Union men of that State, on
their own responsibility and on their own author-
ity: and all thai was done in relation to that home
guard was. tlnough the late General Nelson, to
soiicu from the United States Government arms
to place in their hands foi the protection of them-
selves and the Union, and to prevent the State of
Kentucky from being dragged into secessionism.
Simon Bolivar Buckner, ond every secessionist in
the State of Kentucky, and all their sympathizers,
were as much opposed to the arming of the home
guaidsbv arms distributed from the General Gov-
ernment as they ever were to the raising of three
months men; and why ? Because it was the pur-
pose of that home guaid organization, and it was
fhe essential and important service which it ren-
dered to the Stare and tht Union, to hold that State
to her Union mowings and \vithin the Union : and
if it had not Loop for the effects of that measure,
and fu* the cieanon of cam;^ under the authority
of thr United Stater- Government at Camp Dick
Robinson, and another at iNfew Albany, opposite
Louisville, which was afterwards removed into
the city of Louisville under the auspiccs of Gen-
era! Lovell Rousseau, that State would have been
dragged inevitably into secession.
So, there never was a military organization in
thi.; laud that icnucu-d a more essential and im-
portant iservi<e to the Stale in v-hich it was or-
iraniz'd or to the United States, for the number
of that mi'itnry oiganizatjon, than the home
2,aatds m the1 Sf-tte of Kentucky, both to that
State and to the Union cause. Sir, I cast my fate
nnd my destinies upon that home organization.
I east it there for the purpose of saving the State
to the Union, and bringing it uhnneiely to the
performance oi its U<_-go constitutional duty to the
Government, and for no other purpose; and that
put pose wa  secured by that organization in re-
lation to the Union party of the State of Ken-
tucky, and to the position ultimately of the State
government, which would not have been saved
hut for the essential assistance rendered to the
Union cause by that home <ruard organization.
Sir, I tell the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that if General Simon Bolivar Buckner could this
day be consulted, or John C. Bieckinridge, or
Humphrey Maisdiali, or any other secessionist
from thai State in the confederate army, or anv
of their stiorig sympathies in the State of Kui-
'i tucky, one of the last measures to which they
would give their consent, one of the measures that
1' they would desire most of <di others to be defeated,
,i wet.Id bo this identical measure.
;; iVir. THUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
'' me to ask him a ciu< si ion ?
j| Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
I] Mr. TRUMBULL. Wliil" ii is undoubtedly
i| true tiiet many of three horn" guards, nnd prob-
1; ably a great ma]on ty o! I hrm, v.-ei o vei y true and
|| loyal men, i.- it notnlf" tru^, and is not theSen-
'| ator aware of ihe fact, tiuit a. portion of the arms
' furnished to pai of these home guards, either
11 hv care less guarding or else by connivance, or ill
1 pome other way, <r't into the hands of the rebels ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will explain that, and every
o.her objection which the honorable Senator takes
to tins measure. The State of Kentucky had a
h n.u-k of arms, as the other States, long ago (lis-
trsbuted to it by the laws of Congress. Those
j1 arms were to a considerable extent, probably to
■ the v.Thole amount of five or six thousand,
placed in the hands of the State guards, not the
i; home guards. The State guards were organized
by Bueknei, and they were under his especial
li command a:* the inspector general. They were
j! corrupted by him to the extent of two thirds of
them, and they were seduced into the ranks of
treason. To the extent that that State guard was
corrupted by Buckner, and to the extent that that
portion of it which he corrupted had been armed
• ' by a distribution of arms that belonged to the
;• State, they wait into the armies of the southern
confederacy; but the arms that were sent from
!; this city to be distributed to the home guaids were
■ , placed in the hands—to a gun and to o man—of
'! loyal Unioumen, so far as I know or believe.
;; There were portions, small detachments, of the
home guards that were surprised by the Statf
j; guards, whom Buckner had seduced into the ser-
'I vice of the confederate States: and they with their
!| arms were captured, but to a limited extent: and
f such is the fortune of war. But, I say, that a less
!, proportion of the arms distributed among the
home guards of Kentucky have fallen into the
!j possession of the confederate armies by capture,
j or by any other mode, than of the aims placed in
the hands of the three mouths tioops onginally,
and of the three years troops since, by authority
of the 1-Yderal Government.
Mr. President, this is a legitimate measure. It
is subject to not n single objection which the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois makes to it. These
troops are not only to be subject to be ordered, at
the will and discietion of the President, out of the
State of Kentucky for the service of the United
States, but for any and all mannt r of service which
jj soldiery can render. They may be ordered into
l| Tennessee or westernVirginia,oranyotherState,
for any militaiy seivice that a United States sol-
j| diery can perform—to meet the enemy in battle,
i; to guard the public property, to <rarri*un forts and
i( fortifications, or for any oilier service which a sol-
diery can render. The authoiittcs of Kentucky
! know that such arc the features of the bill, and
i they know that such arc to be the seiviccs which
' an3/ lioo> s raised under tins bill may be railed
, upon by the President, the Commandei-in-Chief,
! to render the country. They are wining to accept
j: the bul with these conditions. In the language
h of a Senator from Wisconsin, [Mi. Howe,] the
. primary object of the measuie is. so far as a guard
: necessary for the local defense of the State of
1 Kentucky , to <juve a preference in the performance
of that service to her own people, to dispense with
! the necessity of holding soldiers from other States
, in Kentucky for thatlocal service, and to enable all
i the three years men of that State and of every other
State to be transferred from the local defense of
Kentucky to render a more impoitnnt,extended,
and legitimate military service to the United States
i m other fields; and whenever these local ibices
| can be made auxiliary to the bet v ire of the United
, States in any field whatever, in the judgment of
I the President, and the President chooses to order
| them to it, they will be ready to march, and they
i will maich with a<« t.uo hearts and as firm and
unfaltering loyalty to the United States Govern-
ment as any troops in the service.
| Mr. President, I am sorry that I have been
i called upon to say another word in rekiti'M to this
: measiue; but I mute tne attention of gentlemen
| to u; I ask that it be scrutinized fairly and liber-
' ally, and I know that it will stand any test that
