1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
the argument of the Attorney General, and, hav-
ing done so, wiH no longer consume their time,
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, before I no-
tice the arguments of the Senator from Illinois in
reply to some of the positions I took concerning:
this bill, I will say a few words in response to the
last speech made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. 1 dislike this kind of wrangling; but there
were some remarks made by the Senator that de-
mand a reply. The Senator astonished me in one
thin":. He seemed to object to being called an
abolitionist. I teally thought he gloried in being
an abolitionist. If I had applied that remark to
some Senators on that side of the Chamber I think
they would have a light to object to it; but I neve#
supposed that the Senator from Massachusetts
would make any objection to it. It is an t vidence
that such is the unconstitutional teach inland atro-
cious action of that party that even its stoutest
and earliest followers seem desirous not to have
the name applied to them.
The Senator airaigns the Democrats of Ken-
tucky bcrmts(,in the preamble and resolutions I
road to the Senate a few days ago, they were for
peace. He denounces every body who is for peace
as a traitor or in sympathy with traitors. Every-
body who is for peace, North, South, East, or
West, is denounced by the Senator. My constit-
uents who held that meeting aie for peace. They
desite peace as a means by which this Union can
be restored and the Constitution preserved. That
is what they avow; and yet, because they desire
that as the only means which,in their judgment,
can preserve the Union and uphold the Consti-
tution, they are denounced by the Senator from
Massachusetts as ttaitois. The Democratic con-
ventions m many of the States, especially in the
Northwest, have held the same position, and they
too are denounced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. If they desired peace for any otherpur-
pose than maintaining the Constitution of their
country and preserving the institutions of our
fathers, the Senator might have had some excuse
for denouncing them. They believe, I believe,
others on this floor believe, and I think three
fourths of the people of the United States believe,
that you never can restore this Union or preserve
the Constitution of this country by arms. That
is the position I have; held on this floor from the
very commencement of these unfortunate difficul-
ties. I announced it before the war commenced.
1 believe it to-day. I think it is a demonstrated
fact that you cannot restore this Union by arms.
You have tried the war now for nearly two years,
and I verily believe the rebellion is stronger to-
day than it has been at any period since the com-
mencement of the war. The Senator's policy has
been tned, and so far is a failure. The piediction
that the rebellion would be crushed in sixty and
ninety days has proved to be untrue, and stamps
Mr. Seward a false prophet. Then why not ie-
sort to some other policy that will save the blood
and the treasure that are being expended in this
cruel war? ^
But, sir, the Senator does not denounce all who
are for peace. He never denounces one of his
abolition confederates. He denounces the Dem-
ocrats who are for peace, but who ever heard the
Senator fiom Massachusetts denounce Horace
Greeley, who was for peace from the beginning>
When i say from the beginning, I mean that in
the outset he was opposed to coercion, opposed
to war; and, in my judgment, that was one of the
most sensible positions Mr. Greeley ever took,
i regret that lie did not have the courage, the man-
hood, to maintain it. He was driven by stress of
paity feeling into supporting the warforaseason,
but Greeley now again clamors for peace.
The Senator enumeiates various newspapers of
the West and in the city of New York which he
denounces as treasonable sheets—the Express,
the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Chicago Times, and
otheis. They an; for stopping the wai; they are
for a reconstruction of the Union; for the main-
tenance of the Constitution and the liberties of
tin1 people; and they wish to do it by compro-
mise, concession, and peace; they regaid peace
and comniomtse as the only means by winch
those objects so much desired by .ail patriots can
be accomplished. The Senator denounces those
papers as traitorous. If lie was disposed to be
governed by a sense of justice, why did he not
denounce Horace Greeley and those of his aboli-
tion confederates who are for peace? Such is the
zeal of the Senator, such is the wild and crazy
fanaticism that has overthrown hisjudgment, that
he can see nothing good in a Democrat. They
may advocate the very same measures with the
leading journal of his own party in the United
States, and they are traitors whom he denounces;
but he does riot say a word against Mr. Greeley.
He does not denounce Wendell Phillips, of his
own State. He does not denounce scores of others
whom I might mention, who have declared over
and over again in addresses made to the people
throughout the country that they were for thede-
struction of the Union because of the institution
of slavery. He does not give a word of censure
to them. They are abolitionists. They are of his
own household. He assaults not them; but he
assails others. It is not my purpose to defend
those journals of which the Senator lias spoken.
They need no defense; they speak daily; their
able editorials ate a complete and ample vindica-
tion of their loyalty and patriotism. 1 am a daily
reader of the Cincinnati Enquirer, and I have yet
to see anything in that paper that is disloyal. It
is opposed to the usurpations of the President.
It is opposed to all who make efforts to overthrow
the Constitution of the country. It is in favor of
the rights of the States and the liberties of the
people, which this Administration have to a great
extent overthrown. It wishes the Constitution.of
the United States faithfully executed as it is writ-
ten, and as it has been expounded by the courts.
It is opposed to the wai, and tbinks we should
settle our difficulties by peaceable means. It is
in favor of tii^ Union, an^ thinks that peace is
the only mode by which we can reach that de-
sired object. I read occasionally the other papers
to which the Senator has alluded, and 1 believe
they occupy the same position that I haveattnb-
uted to the Cincinnati Enquirer. Such conserv-
ative and constitutional sentiments do not suit the
Senatoi; they are not ladieal and destructive
enoughforhim. The Senator, I believe,desnesthe
war to be prosecuted, not to lestore the Union as
it was and maintain the Constitution as it is, but
to destroy African slavery in the southern States.
I vei iiy believe that if the Senator thought the war
would not destroy slavery he would be opposed
to it, and would be willing to let the southern
States go out of the Union. Such certainly is and
has been the avowed sentiments of many of the
leading abolitionists with whom the Senator co-
operates; and I never heard the Senator accused of
being less radical than Greeley, Phillips, P eecher,
Cheever, and others, who have over and over
again expressed such sentiments.
The position I have attributed to the Cincinnati
Enquirer is the position of the Democracy of Ken-
tucky, whom the Se-muor so fiercely denounces.
I can tell the Senator that the Democracy of Ken-
tucky will not be ofFended by Ins assault upon
them. Had the Senator praised them, I have no
doubt that cyeh and every one of them would have
instituted a self-inquii v, andexclaimed , with the
Psalmist, " Lord, Loid, what evil hath thy ser-
vant done, that wicked men do praise him ?" Sir,
the Senator's positions are well known in that
country. His assaults will elevate those gentle-
men with that whole people. Nothing that can
fall from the Senator's hps can damage them, save
and except bis piaise. If he should give them that
he would damn them to eternal political infamy,
if the people should believe him worthy of credit.
The people of Kentucky well know the Senator's
antecedents. They knowthe vigorous assaults the
Senator lias made upon the Union, the Constitu-
tion of the country, and the rights of the States,
during his entiie political life. They know he has
been hand in glove with the higher-law abolition-
ists; and censures from that desci iption of men
have no terror to them. The praise of such men
would be an awful calamity to them; and I do
pray thoSenator will never give the Kentucky De-
mocracy his praise. His censure and abuse will
elevate them, his praise would humiliate and de-
grade them. I implore the Senator not to afflict
the Democracy with hts eulogies: spare them that
humiliation; u is more than they can bear.
But, sir, the Senator calls them traitors. Allow
me to say there was not a man in that convention i
who could not most favorably contrast his loyulty !
tluouc;hout his entire life with that of the Senator
from Massachusetts. They have been true, loyal j
men to the Constitution of their countiy and to .
the Union of their fathers. The Senator and those 1
with whom he cooperates—and I speak of his
party particularly; I do not mean all Republicans,
but the abolition wing to which the Senator be-
longs—have been constantly assailing it. The.
other day 1 hurled back upon the Senator those?
calumnies and slanders which he had uttered,
against my constituents and others who think
with me. 1 do it again. We scorn the imputa-
tions; we know they are unfounded; that there
is no truth in them; they are false,and we scorn
and despise them.
The Senator objects to the proceedings of that
convention, because he says they denounce the
President for allowing the Army to go into Ken-
tucky, or to overrun the State, Why, sir, that
convention passed no such resolve. There is noth-
ing in the preamble or in the proceedings of the
convention denouncing the President for any such
thing. They did not object to the Army going
into Kentucky, but they did object to the Army
robbing our people, stealing their property, de-
stroying theirhouses and plundering them. They
object not to the Army going there, but to its atro-
cities when it got there. That is what they ob-
ject to, and thte Senator tries to make something
out of that. He does not meet the real question.
He puts into their oiouths something they never
uttered, and makes an assault upon them for po-
sitions they never assumed. Why does he not
take up the propositions seriatim^ and overthrow
them if he can ? I have defied him to the list. He
has mentioned but one thing in that arraignment
of the Executive, and that lie has misrepresented.
He says they have denounced the President for
a thing for which they do not denounce him at
alb
The Senator arraigns the Senators who left
here and the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan, and he
says they hatched treason. Where was the Sen-
ator's loyalty then, that he did not rise here to
teach those men a lesson by denouncing what he
calls their treason? The Senator, when in their
presence, was as quiet as a sucking dove. He
waits until they have been a long time absent, and
are a great way off, and then he makes his as-
sault. He says the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan stole
everything they could get. Yes, sir, he charged
that Cabinet by wholesale with plunder and with
theft. Why did not the Senator make that charge
when they were here to meet it? lamnothereto
defend those Senators who left their seats here. 1
thought they did wrong when they left. But 1 will
tell the Senator one thing: where the Cabinet of
Mr. Buchanan stole one cent, those in power in this
Administration have stolen thousands upon thou-
sands of dollars. 1 will tell the Senator that those
who come after this Administration will find noth-
ing to steal. If you look into the reports made
by your own party friends on our tables, I will
aver that since the foundation of the world there
never was such robbery, thieving, and stealing as
those reports exhibit, in any Government on the
face of the eaith.
The Senator talks about those who are absent
stealing. Why did he not speak about his own
men stealing? Why did he not look into the re-
ports on our tables und denounce his own friends
for their robbery of the Government? If the Sen-
ator had been disposed to deal justly, there are
plenty of thieves right at hand to denounce; and
lie might, at least, have bestowed upon the thieves
now in the capital a portion of his abuse. That,
however, would have injured the abolitionists or
the Republican party. 1 suppose the Senator is
more anxious for their ascendency than for the
purity, honesty, or perpetuity of the constitutional
Government of our fathers; otherwise, I suppose
the Senator's party friends, who have plundered
and lobbed the Government of millions, would
have come in for a little of the Senator's censure
and abuse, if the Senator had ai raigncd and de-
nounced the thieves of his own party, who have
duiing the present Administration stolen untold
millions of the people's money, he would have
done the country a service; but that would have
injured the Republican party, and consequently
the Senator, when upon the subject of thieves,
finds it convenient not to mention the rogues of
his own political faith.
The Senator, true to his lawless instincts, ap-
proves the dispersing of the convention in Ken-
tucky by the military force of the United States;
and he says the Government wi4l be honored for it.
i did not know before that the order went out
