1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
from here. The Senator says "the Government
•will be honored for it." I had hoped it did not
emanate from here; and I suppose now that it did
not. The Senator speaks of it as the act of the
Government, and he always speaks of the Pres-
identas the Government; and 1 suppose thatis the
intimation. I had supposed that that act of dis-
persing a convention of law-abiding citizens who
assembled at the capital of their State for the pur-
pose of nominating candidates for State offices,
would be visited with the harshest censure by the
Executive. I hope yet it may be so, and the offi-
cer who did it may be dismissed from the service.
Those gentlemen were assembled lawfully for a
peaceful purpose. To be sure, they differed from
the present Executive and the present party in
power in their administration of the Government.
They hold views in antagonism to those of the
Administration. They differed in regard to the
war. They believed that the war would destroy
their country, the Union, and the Constitution,
and hence they opposed it, and were for settling
our national difficulties by peaceable means.
The Senator approves of dispersing men of that
kind. Does the Senator expect to perpetuate the
power of those in authority by not allowing those
who arc opposed to their administration of public
affairs to meet and nominate candidates to oppose
them? Does he want to put them down by the
point of the bayonet? Those citizens had a right
to meet there. They met under the panoply and
shield of the Constitution of the Union-^nd the
constitution of their State; and those wno inter-
rupted that meeting violated both the Constitution
of the United States and the constitution of the
State of Kentucky. I suppose the Senator thinks
that if the acts of this Administration could be
fairly canvassed at the next election, the party in
power would be very quickly overthrown and dif-
ferent men would take their places. That, I dare
say, accounts for the Senator's approval of the
dispersing of that convention.
But 1 can assure the Senator that all this force,
fraud, and terrorism, will do no good. The peo-
ple will rise in their majesty, and they will at the
ballot-box, and in a lawful,constitutional way—for
the Kentucky Democracy propose nothing else—
vindicate their claims to be heard; and they will cast
their votes against the policy of the present Ad-
ministration. Why", sir, that game was played in
the free States. They attempted by imprisoning
Demociatic speakers, and by suppressing Demo-
cratic newspapers, to perpetuate the power of the
Administration in those States; but, notwithstand-
ing all their terrorism, you see what the result has
been. Would the Senator have justified a military
force going to the State of Connecticut and the
city of Hartford the other day and dispelling the
convention of Democrats there, m which they
nominated their State ticket and promulged their
resolutions, in substance precisely like the plat-
form of the Kentucky Democracy5 Whydidyou
not go there and disperse them5 Would the Sen-
ator advocate the dispersing of that Democratic
convention? II<.> denounces them as traitors, and
he glorifies the Government for having dispersed
them in Kentucky. If he was disposed to act
justly, why did he not censure the Government
for not dispersing them m Connecticut?
The gentleman grows a little warm, and he says
these Kentucky Democrats offered even to send a
commission to procure peace. Those icsolutions
had been introduced into the Kentucky Legisla-
ture and were then pending, and one of the reso-
lutions provides that a commissioner be appointed
for the purpose of visiting Mr. Lincoln and those
in power here and the confederate government at
Richmond to settle our difficulties and to bring
about peace; and for that they are harshly de-
nounced. Why, sir, I thought New England re-
ligion would have taught the Senator a little better
than that. The Bible says '* blessed are the peace-
makers." They aic for peace, peace to restore
the Union, peace to preserve the Constitution,
peace to stop the spending of money and the shed-
ding of blood, peace to preserve the rights of all
the States in the Union under the Constitution.
That is their position. It is mine. That is the
position 1 have ever held. I desire to see this
Union restored as it was. 1 have never uttered
any other sentiment. 1 have never entertained
any other. I entertain none other to-day. But
1 do believe that thi's wicked war will lesult in de-
stroying and overthrowing all the rights of the
States, and in dissolving the Union, and over-
throwing the Constitution of your country. I had
no doubt in the beginning that peaceable means
properly and wisely directed would have effected a
reconciliation and saved the Union, would have
prevented the effusion of blood , would have saved
the expenditure of untold millions of money, and
the destruction of thousands of millions of prop-
erty, and saved the people from onerous taxation.
1 am confident it could have been done in the be-
ginning. I hope it can be done now. Believing
that war is utterly ruinous and never can accom-
plish the object that patriots desire, I am for trying
peace; and I am willing to accept cheerfully all i
the censure that can be heaped upon me for trying ;
to preserve my country withoutcutting the throats
of the people and impoverishing them by heavy
debts and taxation.
The Senator tells us that he would rather unite
than divide the people. What proposition has
the Senator supported here calculated to unite the
people? None,sir,none. He has advocated every
unconstitutional bill that has been presented here;
the bills to confiscate property and arm the slaves
found in him an advocate. He defends the Pres-
ident's proclamation—an edict without authority
of law, and which overthrows the Constitution to
emancipate the slaves in the States. He defends
the proclamation of the President declaring mar-
tial law and trying citizens throughout the loyal
States by drumhead courts-martial, when the Con-
stitution of his country says they shall be tried
by the courts and the juries of the country. The
ablestlawyer of his State, JudgeCurtis, has made
an argument which never has and never will be
answered, in which he clearly proves, beyond the
possibility of adoubt, that the President did these
things in violation of the Constitution of his coun-
try. The Senator has done everything to divide,
nothing to unite the people.
I shall say no more in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts. I regret that I have had to say
anything; for really I do not think either of us
has done much more than to say over again in a
different form what we said on Saturday; and,
therefore, the debate might have stopped there.
Rut when assaulted I shall defend myself, and I
shall defend my constituents against all assaults,
come from what quarter they may.
Mr. President, I will say a single, word, and only
a word, on the conscript bill that passed a short
time since. I see it has gone out through the
newspapers that all Senators were in favor of that
bill. I merely wish to put myself right. I was
opposed to that conscript bill, as Senators on this
floor know. 1 was necessarily compelled to leave
this Chamber at half past nine o'clock on the night
on which it passed. I paired with a Senator who
would have voted for it, the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Nesmitii,] and 1 asked my colleague to an-
nounce, when my name was called, that if 1 had
been piescnt I should have voted against it. 1
tried to pair with the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittlk,] with the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Shrrman,] and the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fe&senden,] but they said they preferred to
vote. The Senator from Oregon did pair with me.
No yeas and nays were called, and consequently
the announcement of my pair was not made. 1
do not want to have any responsibilities attach
to me for having passed bills that I was not in
favor of. If there is any responsibility to attach
for being against the bill I want to bear my part
of it. 1 shall not go into a discussion of that bill.
I did not think the vote would have been taken
that night. If 1 had been present, I would have
voted against the bill, and I intended before the
vote was taken to have stated briefly to the Senate
the reasons why I was opposed to it. That con-
script bill will, "in my judgment, if it becomes a
law, clothe the President with power that ia dan-
gerous to the liberties of the people.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the Senator from Kentucky, 1 desire to say that
1, too, assume whatever of responsibility attaches
to opposition to that bill. I was unwell, and not
in my seat at the time'the vote was taken, nor the
next day. 1 came the morning after, and desired
to procure a reconsideration, so that I might re-
cord my vote against it. Upon inquiry at the Sec-
retary's table, 1 learned that the bill had gone to
the House of Representatives. As a matter of
duty, if I had been present, I should have felt
constrained to cast my vote against it, and I re-
gret that, on account of my absence, my vote is
not recorded against it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to state that on the
night that bill was passed i left here at half past
nine o'clock. I did not know whether it would
or would not be passed that night; I hardly thought
it would be; and at half past nine o'clock I went
home and retired to bed. Had I been here, I cer-
tainly should have recorded my vote against it.
I carr\e the next day or the day after with the Sen-
ator from Illinois; and we procured a friend who
agreed to make a motion for reconsideration; but
when we inquired at the Secretary's desk, we were
tojd that the bill had been sent to the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to say to the gen-
tleman from Delaware that I did not think he need
take up the time of the Senate to make that decla-
ration, because nobody in the world would sup-
pose that he would have voted for it if he had
been here.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not know in what
spirit that remark was made, neither do I care;
but I mean to say this 
Mr. HARRIS. It was not unfriendly.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If it was not in any un-
friendly spirit 1 have nothing more to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a matter
of indulgence on the part of the Senate to allow
these explanations to be made. They are not
strictly in order. The Senator from Kentucky is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the Senator if he will
give way for a recess.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; I decline to yield for
that purpose. I have but a very few more words
to say, and then I shall not open my mouth on
this bill agiiin.
Mr. President, I will notice very briefly some
of the positions taken by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary. He asks to know 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will yield, I will move that we take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. POWEL*L. I shall be through in about
five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will allow
me, I will state that I have ascertained that there
are some others who desire to speak upon this
bill; and if we are to take a recess we ought to take
it now.
Mr. POWELL. I should prefer to finish my
remarks now; but I will yield if the Senator de-
sires it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I am willing to come
here early and remain late when the purpose of
the Senate is to transact the legitimate business
before us; but 1 wish to notify the Senate, that
hpeafter, if there is not a quorum in consequence
of iiy absence, they must attribute it to my being
unwilling to come here and sit all day to listen to
stump speeches.
Mr. ARNOLD. I hope the motion of the Sena-
tor from Illinois will not prevail. I think we had
better do some business in the course of the day,
before we adjourn or take a recess, and not, as the
Senator fiom Minnesota says, listen to stump
speeches, and do no business. 1 move that the
Senate take up Senate bill No. 541 instead of
taking a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is now on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a di-
vision—ayes twenty, noes not counted; and the
Senate took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
TELEGRAPH LINES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 150, granting authority to the In-
dependent Line of Telegraph to locate and con-
struct their telegraph.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lequires
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. Its object is to permit the Inde-
