252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
is that if, instead of raising twenty thousand men
for Kentucky, we are to puss a general bill for ail
the States, we had better pi o vide at once for rais-
ing- two hundred thousand or three hundred thou-
sand. The proposition by a general bill to au-
thorize the President of the United States to raise
twenty thousand twelve months men is, I think,
a very ridiculous proposition to be entertained by
the Senate. If we want to apply the measure gen-
erally to the country, we should come m here with
a large proposition to meet what may be the wants
of the country.
Now, sir, this is a very simple affair any way.
When the bill was originally proposed, I was
opposed to it, and I was opposed to it because I
thought we could get troops enough for three
years, raised under the general laws of the coun-
try, and therefore I thought it was not best to
adopt this course to raise men. We had given
Maryland authority to laise four thousand men
for its own local purposes, and we had the evi-
dence that they had rendered some service to the
country at that time. We gave the State of Mis-
souri authority to raise ten thousand men. Al- i
though there may have been some mismanage-
ment both in Maryland and Missouri, I believe
those troops have rendered real service for the de-
fense of those States. As to that point, however,
the Senators from those States, perhaps, are bet-
ter informed than I am.
The people of Kentucky desire in addition to
their three years men—and with all their difficul-
ties they have promply responded to all the calls
of this Government for men—m addition to rais-
ing about forty regiments m that State for three
years service, to raise a local force for a brief
period for the defense of the State.
Mr. DAVIS. We have raised fifty-four regi-
ments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That in-
cludes cavalry and all.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I was think-
ing of infantry. Now, sir, everybody knows
that Kentucky, by her position, is daily exposed
to invasion. That is clear to the comprehension
of us all. Everybody knows that when you go
into a community and raise a large body of men
for general purposes, there are left behind many
thousands of men who would willingly be organ-
ized for the defense of their own homes and their
own firesides who cannot be induced to enhstinto
the general service, so as to be liable to be trans-
ferred from one portion of the country to another.
It was believed last year that this force was neces-
sary for the defense of Kentucky. I thought we
could raise men enough for three yeais and that
this policy of organizing troops in a State for tem-
porary and local purposes for a brief period was
not a good policy; and if we had to-day troops
enough that we could put info Kentucky, if we
had an abundance of men, [ would not resort to
this course; but I believe that in Kentucky, after
raising the men that they have raised for the gen-
eral service of the country, they can raise fifteen
or twenty additional regiments for twelve months,
who can take the place of the three years troops,
who can go into other States, and they can raise
them much easier than we can raise three years
men.
The amendment of the committee corrects and
perfects the original bill. Tnstwxd of placing the
whole authority in the government of that State,
whether the military board or the Governor, the
amended bill simply says that the Governor of
the State of Kentucky may raise these troops,
by the consent and under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States. Without his consent,
after this bill passes, the Governor of that State
cannot organize a single regiment. Th" bill passes
Congress,goes to the President, and the President
executes it immediately, or postpones his consent
for its execution. If there be apprehension that
this force will be dangerous to the country; that
this organization will aid the rebellion instead of
sustaining the cause of the country; if there he
danger that the arms sent to arm these men will
be perverted and used against the countiy, the
President of the United State.; will have the best
information that any man ran hav^, and he will
not then consent that the arms shall go there, or
that tins oi^anization shall be made. But if the
evidence is clear and plain to his comprehension
that the force organized will be for the suppoi t of
the country, the President of the United States
will give his consent, and this force will be organ-
ized under his direction. That is the whole of it.
I know there are those who have had appre-
hensions in regard to the conduct of these men. I
do not know that there is any reason upon which
to found them; but I do know that within a few
days there have been rumors that a renewed ef-
fort would be made to carry Kentucky out of the
Union. The President will know what the strength
of this movement is. It will soon develop itself.
If it fails, as I have no doubt it is to fail, then the
President of the United States can organize this
force for the defense of that State; and we all
know—the experience of the last few months has
clearly shown us—that the State of Kentucky is
liable to be invaded at any time. It has been in-
vaded; raids have been made into that State, and
1 have no doubt they will be renewed. I believe
that this force, if it had been organized before,
could have defended and protected the State against
these raids. We just have intelligence of a raid
made by our own troops, in Tennessee, of great
service to the country. We have had one re-
cently into East Tennessee of great service to the
country. I hope that we shall have many more.
But situated as Kentucky is to-day, and as Ten-
nessee will be when we drive out the confederate
armies, both of those States will be liable at any
day to be invaded; and if we can bring up local
strength to our support, and if is honest and loyal
and true to the country, it will be a real service
to the Union; if it is false and treacherous, and
betrays us, there is danger; but before this bill
goes into operation, it must obtain the assent of
the President, and I know that those who are
administering this Government in the executive
depaitment, and the military leaders, are watch-
ing the movements in Kentucky, and that no risk
will be run if this bill be pass<d. Therefore, I
am opposed to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, and am in favor of the amendment
of the committee, which 1 think corrects several
errors that were in the original bill, and guards it
more carefully fiora abuse.
Mr. GIIIMES. It seems to me, sir, that if
there is any criticism to which the legislation of
Congress is obnoxious, it is the fact that there is
an entire want of system. It is a complete—I
might almost say a system of patchwork. It is
as many-hued as the coat of Joseph. We put on
a patch here and a patch there. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, we put one on Missouri; we
put a small one on Maryland: and now, because,
we did make patches then, because we did violate
what ought to bo the rule, and did depart from
principle, we are urged to depait from it again.
Sir, one of the great objections that I have to
the bill as it comes from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is, that it is special and particular, and
is not general, as my colleague proposes to make
it. What is the proposition as it is proposed to be
made by my colleague5 It is simply to give to
the President of the United States the same power
precisely as is given m the bill as it came from the
Committee on Military Affairs. If he believes
that the exigencies of the country require that
twenty thousand men shall be raised in Kentucky,
he has the authority to raise them under this bill.
We give him the power to decide that question;
but if circumstances occur which satisfy him that
only fifteen thousand men should be raised in
Kentucky,and that five thousand should be raised
in Missouii, under the piovisions of the bill, as
my colleague proposes to amend it, he will have
the power to divide up those numbers between
these States in these respective proportions.
Is there anything in that against which the
Senator from Kentucky ought to complain- It
seems to me that there is not. We give to the
President exactly the power that the Senator asks.
The amendment does not detract at all from the
provisions of the bill, except that it strikes out the
word " Kentucky" wherever it occurs, and allows
these troops to be raised in such pioportions,
throughout such of the States as the President
may deem to be m danger of insurrection or in-
vasion, its he may see fit. And, as was well said
by my colleague, it may possibly occur that the
Piesident of the United States may believe that
it is necessary to raise one or two thousand mt n
even m the State of Iowa; he may conceive that
it is necessary that five thousand men additional
should be raised in Missouri. If so, is not the
Senator from Kentucky willing that he shall make
that designation? Is he not willing that Missouri
and Iowa shall be protected, as well as the State
of Kentucky, by twelve months men ? Is he not
willing that each of these States shall stand upon
an equality in this respect? And who is to decide
that matter? Is itto be the Presidontof the United
States, to whom the Constitution and the laws of
the United States intrust it, or shall we confine
him by our legislation to the particular locality of
the State of Kentucky? It seems to me that the
amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I differ a little
with the Senator from Iowa upon the first propo-
sition which he submitted to the Senate. If there
is any criticism to which the legislation of this
Congress is more liable than another, I respect-
fully submit that it is not a want of system and
harmony between its different acts, so much as
that other defect, that we have never recognized
down to this hour the means we had at command
to put down this rebellion. The Almighty in
His goodness, when this war first struck us, left
us twenty million people who never had bowed
the knee to Baal,and never meant to do it. When
the first gun was discharged at your first fort,
when the first bullet was aimed at that old flag,
you saw they got up as one man, ready to resent
that indignity and to wipe it out forever. There
was not a full grown man nor a full grown woman
nora weaned baby mail these twenty millions who
did not feel that he or she had received a personal
insult when that bombardment rained upon Sum-
ter. I say,sir, and you will bear witness to the truth
of what I say, that since the sun first rose onlhe
morning of creation, there has not been so grand
an uprising as tiiat was which followed the bom-
bardmcntupon FortSumter; and there waspower,
there was physical force tendcied, urged upon the
Government of the United States which ought and
which would, if it had been promptly and prop-
erly directed, have rode down this rebellion in
the first ninety days of its history. There was
not a day more than that needed; but what has
been our action, and what has been the result?
We have undertaken to filter this magnificent force
out upon the rebellion, drop it down drop by drop,
instead of allowing the whole of it to gush as a
single torrent right upon the head of this great
crime of the Christian era. And there has scaicely
been an occasion when we have been asked to au-
thorize the President to employ a little more*of
this force, that it has not been met with some sort
of objection, some caviling, some disposition to
criticise and to amend the proposition and to fix
it up—yes, and in that sense to patch it up.
Well, sir, instead of ending this cruel attack,
this wanton attack upon the supremacy of the
American people, m three months, as we ought to
have done, the war is upon our hands still in more
magnificent and terrible proportions than it was
in that early day, vastly more. We have put,
time after time, additional forces into the fi'eid,
never once, Mr. President, uttering the one sim-
ple command that every man who enjoyed the
protection of this Government owed his life and
every dollar he had to the preservation of it. We
| never have uttered that command, we never have
laid the word of command, until within a ft w
months since, on any citizen of the United Stan ?,
which obligated him to peril anything, in person
; or property, for the support of the Government.
• We have relied upon volunteers, submitting it to
j every man's choice, whether he would defend
I the Government or would not. But within the
I past few months we have found volunteers were
| not so plenty as they had been; within the last
• few months we have been compelled to increase
j our military force by a draft, and even that has
i not been executed.
j But heie is a proposition on the part of the citi-
i zens of one of the States of the Union to send,
j beyond the quota assigned to her, twenty thou-
| sand more men into the field. The first question
! for us to determine is, do we need them ? I say,
! yes. I say wo have scaicely met the rebellion on
, fair terms. Large as has been the foicc you
j have armed, immense as has been the expenditure
I you have incurn d, you hove so disposed of your
! forces as that you hove scarcely met the rebels
upon any field but what you have been outnum-
j bcred. 1 say that is not only a lasting disgrace
j to the Government of the country, but I say,
I sir, that when God undertakes to cast up the
