258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
up to this time, the Chair will entertain the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Mexico.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the additional point
that this amendment is independent legislation,
creating new offices in New Mexico; and there-
fore it is out of order as an amendment to an
appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Thef Chair understands
that the offices have already an existence, and,
therefore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. When this appropriation
was offered before, we had no information from
the Secretary of the Treasury whether he reeom-
m<?ndcd this appropriation, and I was unwilling;
that it should pass without some such recommend-
ation. The objection, I believe, came from me
alone; and as I am now quite satisfied that the
appropriation is proper, 1 hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to amend by inserting,
after line eight hundred and twenty-two,the words:
For compensation of a day watchman, to be po-tcd in
the open rooms at the President's Hou^c, i$6U0.
I desire to explain the reasons why I offer the
amendment. Gentlemen will understand, I sup-
pose, that no day watchmen are employed about
the Piesident's House. The east room and two
other rooms are left open to the public, and the
character of the public in this neighborhood has
changed so much since this war broke out that
thefts are constantly goingon in these open rooms.
I understand that the loops and tassels of the cur-
tains of the green room have been stolen; that one
of the nth damask cui tains has had nearly a yaul
square cut out of it, apparentl}'with a knife, and
carried away; that the cords and tassels of the
ventilators have also been stolen; and some of the
expensive gilded ornaments of the east room have
also been stolen. There is no way to preventthis
sort of destruction to that property except by the
appointment of a watchman, whose business it
snail be to remain there during the hours these
rooms arc fcept open to the public. This appro-
pisation is asked for by the Commissionei of
Public Buildings, and I hope the House will
grant it.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not quite satisfied of the
propriety of this amendment. I do not know ho w
people, can get m there except through the front
door, and 1 have always found two and perhaps
three rather bold-acting doorkeepers in that place.
Now, how we are to escape this, except by watch-
ing these doorkeepers themselves, I do not very
Well kllOW.
Mr. TRAIN. The officers to whom the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means al-
ludes arc the dooi keeper and messenger who are
stationed in the hall; but the public have always
enjoyed, and do now enjoy, the right uf going
into the east room, and into those two rooms I
have mentioned, where those officers do not go.
Parties go into those rooms and commit depreda-
tions, put property into their pockets and walk
out, as many more distinguished men have done
in this neighborhood before.
Mr. STEVENS. As the doorkeeper can be au-
thoiized to search these people who pass through
that front door, and as there are certainly two, if
not thiee, very vigilant, and, as 1 judge by their
conduct, very efficient men foi anything, I hod
rather not vote for the appropriation.
Mr.TRAIN. There aie two ni^ht watchmen,
but no day watchmen about the building.
The amendment wss not agreed to.
_ The following clause being under considera-
tion—
Sfc 2 .Sad be it Jurthei' enacted. That the salaiv of the
A^i^tant Sftoictary ot State -hall be the  -atne as,'the A-
Seeictary ot'tho Navy, to commence with the pr'.-y-
ent fi«eai yeai—
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINCsaid: I would like
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means how much that will make the
salary of the Assistant Secretary of State?
Mr. STEVENS. Four thousand dollars.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 move to amend
by striking uut the words " shall be the same as
the Assistant Secretary of the Ncivy," and insert
m lieu thereof " §4,000." The practice of legis-
iolton by relation, which has grown up here, I
submit is a very bad one. We pass a law that
sih-h a man's salary shall be the same as that of
another man, and when you look to see what that
man's salary is, we find it is the same as that of
some other man's,and so on. Now, that has been
done as to Assistant Secretaries time after time.
The Assistant Secretary of the Treasury is to re-
ceive as much as the Assistant Secretaries of War
and Navy, whatever it may be; and then we enact
that another man shall receive as much as he does.
Now, I think that once in a while we had better
state what that is. Theiefore, if the section is
proper at all, I move to strike out the words indi-
cated by me, and insert " §4,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not apprehend that
my friend from New York appreciates the true
merits of this proposition. Certainly he has failed
to state them. The usage, as I understand it, is,
when an advance is to be made in the pay of a
whole class of officers, some individual is selected
out of that class, of peculiar merit, or who has
duties to perform of extra hardship, and his case
is presented as the point of the wedge; we are
asked to make an advance of salary in his behalf;
and when that is done, then others in turn como
along and say that they occupy the same grade
of office as the man whose salary has been raised,
and that therefore their salaries should be raised
in an equal proportion. That has~ been my ob-
servation of the practice of Congress. No doubt
the Assistant Secretary of State is a most worthy
and estimable man as an individual, and if there
is to be any increase of salaries, I would be as
willing that he should receive it as any one I know
of in public office; but I agree with the gentleman
from New Yoik that tins is a pernicious and faulty
style of legislation. I must, object, therefore, to
the amendment; and I hope it will be voted down,
and the whole clause stricken out, so that the sal-
ary will stand, as it now is, at $3,000.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the amendment, so that the salary shall be §3,000.
I appreciate what has been said by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] and the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] It
seems to me that this Congress should be careful
in relation to the increase of the pay and salaries
of officials. There seems to be a general dispo-
sition now, in this outflowing and flooding of the
resources of the country from the capital and from
the Government, to increase everybody 'spay, and
to be exceedingly lax in any responsibility from
subordinates.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to say that the Assist-
ant Secretary of State shall be paid as much as
the Assistant Secretary of War, not because he is
not as worthy a gentleman as the Assistant Sec-
retary of War, but simply for the reason that, in
myjud^im nt, his duties are not half as arduous,
and that he has not half the labor to perform.
Every gentleman of this House is well advised
that in these war times, when the War Depart-
ment is oppressed with business, and its officials,
from the highest to the lowest, are or ought to be
engaged for more than the usual hours of labor,
and particularly the Assistant Secretaiies of War
are engaged almost night and day m the arduous
duties of their positions, they should be paid more
than men whose duties are not increased, but
whose duties are piobably as light now as they
were m time of peace. And certainly §3,000 a
year is sufficient pay for this office of Assistant
Secretary of State. Sir, the practice has grown
up within the last year or two of making Assist-
ant Secretaries, of raising chief clerks to be Assist-
ant Secretaries, and when that office if; created, of
com se another is made by appointing a chief clerk
to the place thus made vacant. And so we arc
adding day by day and hour by hour to the num-
ber of officers about these Departments. I am,
therefore, in favor of keeping this salary at §3,000.
I believe that is ample and abundant compensa-
tion for the services performed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say a word upon this question. I believe it is
well understood, for \ have never made any dis-
guise upon the subject, that I am in favor, at all
times, of liberal salaries. I believe they are the
cheapest instruments for doing the public busi-
ness. i beg leave to say, m reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] that the ex-
istence of this war imposes vast additional labor
upon the Dcpaitment of State. It must be fa-
miliar to members of the House that a division of
the labor there has become absolutely necessary;
that the attention of the Secretary of State is ne-
cessauly exclusively confined at the present time
to diplomatic correspondence, and that the man-
agement of the consular department and all rec-
ommendations connected with that department
must devolve upon the Assistant Secretary of
State. I think if gentlemen wiil look at this ques-
tion fairly, they will see that the increase of labor
in that Department is equal, or neai ly equal, and
the increase of responsibility is certainly equal, to
that of either of the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment.
There is one other consideration, Mr. Chair-
man, and that is, that §4,000 now do not mean
the same thing that §4,000 did a year ago, or be-
fore this war was commenced. We know that,
from the expansion of the currency, the expenses
of living in this city are vastly increased; and that
§3,000 at the beginning of the war was as good a
salary as §4,000 is to-day. I think, therefore, the
real question is not whether the precise form in
which this proposition is introduced is right, but
whether we ou^ht to pay a just and liberal com-
pensation for the labor performed by this officer.
I think we ought to do so; and I shall therefore
vote for the proposition as it stands. I need say
nothing to gentlemen here of the fidelity, ability,
and courtesy of the gentleman now filling the
office, for the question does not turn upon the
merits of any individual.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to
The question recuned on Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling's amendment as amended
Mr. STEVENS. I have a word, and a word
only, to say upon this question. Itis well known
tluu the Assistant Secretaries of all the other De-
pal tments have had their salaries raised from
§3,000 to §4,000.
The CIlAiRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania propose an amendment? Debate is
exhausted on the pending amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reduce the sum
one dollar. I think that is enough to rcduce it.
That makes the salary one dollar less than that of
the Assistant Secretary of any other Department.
They all receive §4,000, except the Assistant Sec-
retary of State. We have raised their salaries
one by one, and why we should stop when wo
get to the Assistant Secretary of State, unless there
be some personal reasons for it, I cannot very
well understand.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Do I understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that all
the other Assistant Secretaries are paid §4,000 a
year?
Mi. STEVENS. I so undeistand.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My understand-
ing is that the Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
whose duties are about the same as those of the
Assistant Secretary of State, receives only §3,000.
I am so informed, and that is my own recollec-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is probably
correct; I may have overlooked that fact.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would ask the
gentleman, also, how it is in relation to the Assist-
ant Postmaster Generals?
Mr. STEVENS. Ah ! they do not come tech-
nically within the class of officers I am speaking
of—Assistant Secretaries. I was probably wrong
in my statement just now. I know that the As-
sistant Secretary of the Interior has not had his
salary raised: but we must all agree that lie has
less to do now than any other Assistant Secretary.
Indeed, the Secretary of the Interior himself has
very little work now. I am not willing to see the
Assistant Secietary of the State Department, the
chief Department in the Government, singled out
and allowed to remain at a lower salary than any
other officer of the same grade. If I had my way,
I would raise the salary of this officer to §5,000;
so that the under Secretary of State, like the un-
der Secretary in England, should be as competent
as the Secretary himself, and as capable of dis-
charging the duties of foreign correspondence,
and of taking his place whenever there is neces-
sity for it. But that is not the fashion m this
country; and I would, therefore, put the Assistant
Secretary of State upon the same ground as the
other AssistantSecretaries. Nobody who has had
the patience to read the voluminous correspond-
ence of the present Secretary of State, or even to
count the number of pagcs,will say that that De-
partment is less burdensome than either of the
other Departments. Undoubtedly it requires much
more intellect, and the Secretary requires much
more relief than any other. I think it but right,
