1863. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
Mr. President, I shall not take up time to fol-
low the Senator in his general course of remarks
during the day. I have endeavored to confine
myself strictly to the single point involved in this
bill, and shall content myself with discussing no
other question on the present occasion.
Mr. CARLILE. I shall not detain the Senate
but a moment; and I rise now to make a remark
that I intended to make while the Senator from
Wisconsin was speaking, if he had allowed me
to interrupt him.
. Mr. President, this is certainly one of the most
interesting and important questions that can en-
gage the attention of this body. It is interesting
not only as a question of constitutional power to
be determined by each Senator for himself, but
it is interesting, to every individual citizen of this
country from the highest in p6sition to the most
humble in the land.
The Senator puts the case of a contractor fur-
nishing provisions to the enemy, and thus ena-
bling the enemy to sustain himself while carry-
ing on this war. I ask the Senator if that is not
giving aid and comfort to the enemy, and if that
is not treason, declared to be so by the Constitu-
tion, and if he cannot be arrested under the law
as it now is without the suspension of the privi-
lege of the habeas corpus, or without the Executive
or any subordinate officer resorting to the asser-
tion of arbitrary power to make the arrest?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The case I put was that
of a man who had done so within the State of
Virginia or Alabama, and who subsequently es-
caped to New York or "Pennsylvania.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly you could arrest
him in New York or Pennsylvania just as well
as you could in Alabama or Virginia.
Mr. WILKINSON. Where will you try him ?
Mr. CARLILE. That is another question.
Your law provides that he is to be tried in the
district where he committed the offense. If the
circumstances of the country are such that the
law fixing the place of trial in the State or district
where the offense was committed is calculated to
shield traitors and enemies of the Government,
had you not better change your laws, and au-
thorize a trial in States or districts where the
courts are open, than to put the liberty of every
citizen in the land at the mercy and in the power
of a single individual ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Constitution express-
ly forbids it. It requires positively that he must
be tried in the State or district where the offense
was committed.
Mr. CARLILE. Then, sir, the Senator ad-
mits that the framers of the Constitution wisely
determined that only where the offense was com-
mitted should the trial take place. If he respects
that part of the Constitution, is not the other
equally obligatory upon him? But does the con-
stitutional provision depiive you of the power of
arresting the individual, and holding him until you
can try him in the district where the offense was
committed? I ask the Senator to answer that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The constitutiomtl pro-
vision is this:
u The trial of nil crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall be l>y jury, and such trial ^hall he held  n the
State vvlieie tins said crimes shall have been committed,
but when not committed within any State, the trial shall
be at such place or places as the Congress may by law
have directed."
So they cannot be tried in Virginia while it is
in the power of the confederates. Therefore you
cannot arrest them or do anything with them.
Mr. CARLILE. They cannot he tried in that
portion of Virginia which is in possession of the
enemy, but they can be arrested out of Virginia
and detained until you have your authority re-
stored in that State. But, Mr. President, that is
not the question at issue.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the gentleman tell
me by what kind of warrant they can be arrested
outside of the State where they committed the
crime ?
Mr. CARLILE. Precisely as any criminal is
arrested in any State and carried to the State
where the offense was committed for trial.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. That is only done when
the Governor of a State which has issued its war-
rant for him on an indictment against him, applies
to the Governor of another State to sui render him
up as a fugitive from justice.
Mr. CARLILE, That part of the Senator's
argument is really not applicable to the question
before the Senate. Who is there in the Senate
that has opposed the assertion of this power with-
in the rebellious States? It is admitted by the
substitute which is now before the Senate, and
which I have offered as an amendment to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois advocated by
the Senator from Wisconsin, that this power of
arbitrary arrest shall be exercised in those States
where you cannot through the judiciary arrest an
offender. Therefore that part of the Senator's
argument is not applicable at all. The question
at issue between the Senator and those who differ
from him is as to the power and the expediency of
arresting without due process of law citizens in
confessedly loyal States, where youi^ourts and
your magistrates are open. I desire the Senator
to show, by any process of reasoning, why this
necessity, why is it that you suspend the privi-
lege of this writ in the loyal States, and deprive
the loyal citizen of his right, his constitutional
right, to his personal liberty?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will put a distinct case
to the Senator from Virginia. Suppose Jefferson
Davis should come up into the State of New York,
would the Senator from Virginia arrest him ?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly I would.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By what warrant could
you arrest him ?
Mr. CARLILE. I should arrest him by an
affidavit and by warrant issued by any officer in
New York.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Where is there any law
that authorizes an officer in New York to arrest
a man guilty of crime m Virginia?
Mr. CARLILE. It is no use for us to discuss
that question. If that is the object of the Senator
from Wisconsin, if that is the object of the friends
of this bill, let them provide that these conspira-
tors, these men in arms, and those who are aiding
them, iffoundanywhere m the loyal States, where
the courts are open and process can be executed,
shall be arrested; or, iftney will confine the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus to that class
of men, they will find no opposition on this side
of the House, 1 am willing to say. Sir, it is the
direction of this legislation contained in this bill,
and in other bills that have received the sanction
of the Senate, not against rebels, not against trai-
tors, not against men in arms, but against loyal
citizens of the loyal States, of which we complain.
We maintain that the crime of secession, the crime
of the men who have endeavored to overthrow
this Government, should not work the destruction
of the liberties of the loyal citizens of the loyal
States of this country. That is the question winch
is at issue, nothing more, nothing less. This is
no effort to arrest rebels or traitors, men who, it
is contended, have forfeited their rights under the
Constitution; but this bill puts it in the power of
the Executive to arrest every loyal citizen m every
loyal State of the United States. Senators talk
about the courts deciding as to the constitution-
ality or the validity of the arrest. Why, sir, the
man who has power to arrest you has the like
power under tins bill to arrest the judges of your
courts.
But, sir, see the distinction which you draw
against the loyal citizen. In the United States
court for the western district of Virginia, five
hundred and probably more, perhapafifteen hun-
dred men have been indicted as guilty of treason.
They have been admitted to bail, and arc enjoy-
ing their personal liberty, going^t large on their
recognizances; but the man who has not been
thus indicted, against whom the charge of treason
has not been made, against whom no charge ex-
ists, but owes his imprisonmentalone to the mere
exercise of the despotic power of the party arrest-
ing him, is to be confined at the pleasure of the
party making the arrest in the hastiles of the land,
and there is no recognizance for him. That is
the distinction that you draw, a distinction actu-
ally operating in favor of the traitor and against
the loyal citizen.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is any such case
this bill provides for giving that man a chance to
obtain his liberty by giving his recognizance. 1
Mr. CARLILE. If you do not pass this bill,
that man has the protection of the Constitution
and the laws around him, and this bill will work
an embarrassment of that protection and throw
obstacles in its way, amounting to a denial to the
party arrested of his constitutional right to his
personal liberty, of which he cannot be deprived
legally, unless by due process of law,:with the
right to a speedy and impartial trial. The Sena-
tor fell into another mistake so far as the position
I assumed to-day is concerned. He misappre-
hended it, or I did not express myself so m to be
understood. What I said was that the power to
determine when the public safety requires the sus-
pension of this writ belongs to Congress and to
Congress alone, and cannot be delegated to the
President. I did not mean to say that you could
not declare in your law that in any State where
there was an invasion ora rebellion the President
of the United States should be hereby authorized
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus. I did not say so, nor did I wish to be so
understood.
But, in the case that 1 put, Congress judges
where th&public safety requires the suspension of
the privilege of the writ in the State where the in-
vasion or rebellion exists, and not elsewhere. It
is the discretion of Congress, thejudgment of Con-
gress,that the Constitution demands; and it is re-
markable that we have existed since 1789 under
the Constitution, and until within the last two
years, until the breaking out of this rebellion, no
respectable authority, as I have before remarked
in the Senate, has ever contended that the power
to suspend this writ was in the Executive of the
United States. It has been taken for granted, as-
sumed, acquiesced in, admitted by all that the
power belonged to Congress, ana to Congress
alone.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate by
any further remarks.
Mr. CLARK. 1 did not propose to detain the
Senate at any time, and especially at so late a pe-
riod in the session, but the extraordinary range
of this debate induces me to mingle for a little
while in it, and 1 shall be pardoned, perhaps, if I do
not confine myself altogether to the question be-
fore the Senate as presented by the bill, but fol-
low somewhat the course of the debate.
I was pleased this afternoon to hear the honor-
able Senator from Illinois say that this rebellion
was causeless. I think I could not have misun-
derstood him. I was somewhat surprised at the
declaration,thoughitagreedexao.tly with my own
notion, because I knew in how few points 1 could
agree with that honorable Senator, and it gave me
great pleasure. I understood him to say the re-
bellion was causeless.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I certainly said, and I
repeat it—1 hope I can give the gentleman more
pleasure—that at the beginning of this rebellion
it was causeless. The (General Government had
done nothing to cause this rebellion. I have said
it not only here, but I have said it everywhere.
Thegcntleman need not besomuch surprised atit.
Mr. CLARK. I am glad that I was not mis-
taken in what the Senator said. I am glad to call
his attention again to it, and call the attention of
the country to it, because if the rebellion is cause-
less, and that be conceded, it is the imperative
duty of the President to put it down. If it weiea
justifiable rebellion, no such duty would be im-
posed upon the President. If it were an excusa-
ble rebellion, no such imperative duty would be
imposed; but if the rebellion is entirely causeless,
it is absolutely and entirely the duty of the Piesi-
dent to put it down: he is false to his duty and his
country and his trust if he does not put it down.
Then let us see where we stand. If it is his
duty to put it down, it is our duty, as good citi-
zens, to help him to put it down. From that we
cannot escape. I shall be pardoned if I say to the
Senator from Illinois that if he admits that this
rebellion is causeless,he must admit that the Pres-
ident must put it down under his oath of office,
and it is his duty to assist in putting it down. I
do not propose to discuss the matter. I propose to
state the general proposition, from which I think
the Senator will not dissent. If he does, I shall
be very glad to hear his dissent expressed.
Mr. RICHARDSON* Mr. President, if the
Senator wants my dissent from his positions, I
will state it now; if not, he may proceed with his
argument. I do not want anything to be inferred.
I stated, and I repeat it distinctly—there shall be
no misunderstanding or misapprehension about it
in the mind of any man on earth—that at the be-
ginning, when this rebellion commenced, it was
causeless. The Federal Government had given
no cause whatever to these people to commence
rebellion. I thought I was as emphatic as I could
