1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
be when, I said that. And, air, I will say another
thing. The gentleman has found me I trust stand-
ing firmly, and I mean to stand there to the end,
to preserve the Constitution and the Union against
the assaults of rebels and all others. That is the
platform upon which 1 stand; it is the platform on
whirh 1 moan to stand to the end. I do not just-
ify you in your departures from the Constitution
because they have departed from it. You are
equally bound by it with them, and I hold you to
as strict an accountability to the Constitution as
i hold them.
Mr. CLA.UK. Mr. President, I am not dis-
cussing my own accountability now. I am dis-
cussing the duty of the Administration and the
duty ofallgood citizens to aid the President in put-
ting down this rebellion. And now, to go back
a little, if the Senator from Illinois w/ujp&rdon
me, and with all kindness, I was exceedingly giad
to hear him say that this rebellion was a causeless
rebellion, bccause 1 saw in the newspapeis from
New Yoik that he is going up into my State to
help the Democracy, and the Democracy up there
have not concluded that this was u causeless re-
bellion; they are discussing that question now;
and when he gets up there 1 want him to tell them
that they are entirely mistaken about ir, that the
rebellion is a causeless rebellion, and that they
can stop discussing that question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. When I get to New
Hampshire, if the Senator will pardon me, I will
tell them that they ought to beat the rebels and
beat the gentleman too.
Mr. CLA RK. As there is no contest about me,
you may leave out that part.
Mr. RIC1IAUDS0N. Well, as soon as they
reach you.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think the Senator will
have any opportunity of getting at me until I his
rebellion is down.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 hope not. 1 hope we
shall dispose of that, and take can- of you after-
wards.
Mr. CLARK. I say tins in all good nature to
the Senator, and I should not have made' the re-
mark it it. had no! been for his declaration tins
morning, which, I say, gives me unfeigned pleas-
ure, that this is a causeless lebellion. One of the
Demociatic candidates for Congress in that State
no longer ago than last Monday week, in discuss-
ing this vety question, attempted to cast oppro-
brium on the Republicans by declaring that they
produced this rebellion, that they were the cause.
Will the Senator tell him, when lie gets up there,
that we did not cause it?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator pei mit
me to make a reply now*
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. UiUHARUSON. 1 will tell the Senator
in all frankness what 1 shall tell the people of New
ITampshue. I shall tell them that the Senator
at id it is part y, by piopei com promises, could have
avoided the war in which we have been plunged.
Mr. CLARK. That i* another question en-
tirely. The question now is whether the rebellion
had a cause; not whether we could have settled
it by getting down on our knees and making a
baigain with lebuls. The question I put was this:
is the rebellion causeless.'* in that the Senator
agrees with me.
Rut I shall go a little further. 1 maintain that
it is the duty of the Piehident, if this ih a causeless
rebellion, to put it down; and it is the duty of
every good cui/.en to join with him m putting it
down. I will take another position; if it is his
duty to put it down and he is made the agent of
the Government to put itdown, he must select the
means that are adapted to that end. The Consti-
tution does not impose upon him an oath to pro-
tect and defend the Constitution, and leave his
bands tied, and .somebody else selecting the means.
That will not do. The Constitution has express-
ly said that the Congress shall be empowered to
pass laws to unable him to do what is required of
Iiiiii and of evei y other o^icer. When the Consti-
tution itquires of the President to put this rebel-
lion down, it gives Congress the power to vest in
him by law the means of putting it down, speak-
ing always within the limits of the Constitution.
Now, 1 desire for a moment to addiess myself
to the Senator from Yuginia, [Mr. Caklile.J
Suppose the* Pr< sident finds it nccessaiy to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, and that he should
ha\e the power to do it, has not Congress the
right to give it to him ? The Senator shakes his
head. What, then, is the meaning of the provis-
ion of the Constitution? The Constitution re-
quires him to protect, defend, and preserve the
Constitution. He says, "in order to do that, I
must suspend the writ of habeas corpus." You
say that Congress cannot authorize him to do it.
Then the power is not in him to preserve the
Constitution, and we have not, what the Consti-
tution says we have, the power to pass all neces-
sary laws to enable him to do it. The Constitu-
tion says the privilege of the writof habeas corpus
may be suspended in time of rebellion or inva-
sion, and the Constitution says the President shall
take an oa^i to preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution. He says, " I cannot do it unless
you will allow me to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus; these traitors are so thick about me they
overrun me, and unless I can lay my hand upon
them and put them in prison and hold them there,
L cannot preserve this Constitution." is that in-
strument so weak that we cannot authorize the
President to do it ?
Mr. CARLILE. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator unless it is agreeable to him.
Mr. CLARK. Cei tainly, it is agreeable to me.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 think the Senator's ques-
tion could be answered m a Yankee mode, by
asking him another.
Mr. CLARK. In any manner the Senator
chooses to answer.
Mr. CARLILE. Of course I make that remark
playfully; but I ask the Senator, how can you pro-
tect, preset ve, and defend the Constitution by vio-
lating it?
Mr. CLARK. 1 contend that it is no violation.
The very thing I am contending for is that we
have the power to do that which I suggest, and
that it is no violation of the Constitution.
Mr. CARLILE. One other remark, and I shall
| not interrupt the Senator further. Then the Sen-
ator would have the President of the United States?
the possessor of unlimited power, and whatever
in his riiseietion or in his will was necessary to
piesei ve, defend, and protect the Constitution, he
could do. I thought this was a limited Govern-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. It is alimitedGovernment* and
instead of being the possessor of unlimited power,
he would be the possessor of just such power as
Congress gave to him. He asks Congress to give
j him the powei to-u^pend this writ,and Congress
| say tiiey will do it. Is he therefore the possessor
t of unlimited power' Not at all.
Mr. CARLILE. One remark more,and I shall
| not intenupf the Senator again.
i Mr, CLARK. As ofn it as the Senator pleases.
\ Mi. CARLILE. Congress is as much bound
1 by the Constitution as the President; the power
I of Congress is limited by the Constitution as well
' as the power of the Exeeutiv* ; and the Constitu-
| tion, gi ving to Congress the power to suspend this
! writ, does not confer upon Congress the power to
transmit its powei of suspension to another.
Mi. CLARK. But the Senator wanders back
to the old ruts, the old wheel tiacks where he has
been going all day. I contend that Congress does
not transcend 'he Constitution m giving that pow-
er, because it is provided in the Constitution it-
self that Congress shall have powei —
k{ To make all Inww which ^liail hp noe "j*-ary and proppr
foreanwiijj into p\eciition the foregoing poweis. ami all
othrr pow cin veered this (.'oi^titution in the Government
of the United States. <;i in an} department oi officer there-
of"
If the President, being the chief of the Govern-
ment, finds it necessary to suspend that writ,and
he cannot protect the Constitution or laws with-
out ii, Congress, m my judgment, has full power
by the Constitution to do that very thing. That
is one view of the question which I present to the
Senator from Virginia, and I do not find any an-
swer to it in anything he has said.
Rut, sir, 1 did not propose to push that question
very far. i suppose : hat almost every Senator has
made up his mind in regard to it; and 1 do not by
any means suppose I shall convince the Senator
from Virginia, or any other Senator on that side
of the Chamber who has made up his mind on the
subject. I am only giving the reasons which act-
uate my own mind, and calling his attention to
this view of the case, that he may see that I have
well considered the subject and shall not vote
blind upon it
Now, sir, I wish to go a. little wide of what I
have been saying, and follow the debate a little
more generally. I desire to go back to some in-
cidents that have occurred here from day to day.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] has
been one of those people—pardon me for using the
wrong term—I should say Senators, who have had
their minds greatly exercised about, these arrests.
Not more than four or five weeks ago he was com-
plaining of the arrest of Doctor somebody, and he
introduced a resolution into the Senate to inquire
into it. I do not remember the name. It is of no
consequence. TheSenatorwill tememberlhecase*.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to refresh the
memory of the gentleman. The name is Doctor
Laws.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose this doctor is of the
Senator's State..
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. Well, sir, on the very morn-
ing on which the honorable Senator addressed the
Senate on that subject I was in the Armory hos-
pital in this city, and my attention was called by
one of the physicians there to a poor boy who lay
dying from ghastly wounds in his head. His
brothers and sisters were about him, and the cold
chills of death had come over him. He was from
that Senator's State; and while the Senator was
inquiring about' this Doctor Laws, whom the
President or the Secretaiy of War had found it
necessary to lay his hand upon, he had no sym-
pathy for the poor boy who had met the rebels
and had fallen at their hands. There was no res-
olution of inquiry who made that ghastly wound
in the boy's head. There was no resolution of
inquiry who caused the tears of the .sisters and
brothers to flow. There was no resolution of in-
quiry who had brought the damp chills of death
over that noble boy's face. There was no reso-
lution of inquiry who it was that caused him to
give his life to his country. All the Senator's
sympathy was bestowed upon some doctor who
perhaps was a semi-rebel; and the noble patitot,
who had given his life to his country, went down
to the grave unwept and unnionrned by him.
Other Senatoi s are greatly exercised about these
arrests. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Pow-
ell] to-day, and on Saturday, seemed greatly dis-
turbed because somebody in his State had broken
up a convention semi-rebellious, I suppose, and
driven them out of their hall. He said it was a
gioss violat ion of all light and of ail political priv-
ilege; and yet a y<m and a half oi so ago there
weie in that same State a Governor—and I do riot
know how many other State officers—who under-
took to carry that State into secession and to vio-
late all the laws of the country. I never heard that
Senator find the least, fault with it. Sir, is it not
marvellous that the sympathy of these men is
poured out altogether for traitors? When a pa-
triot falls, when a home is bereft of its idol, when
a mother is made childless, or a wife a widow,
these men have not one tear or one drop of anguish
for those people. Can they blame us, on this side,
that we set them down where their sympathy
flows?
Why, sir, in the State of Mississippi, last July,
thirty men were taken from a prison and mur-
dered because they loved the flag. Did one of
these men weep over K? There were no gioans
•t)ver that butchery; there was no resolution to in-
quire into it. They were as silent as the grave.
Those murdered men might mat ch m theirgloomy
files through this whole lebellion and go down to
the tomb, and if these Senators were to follow the
practices they have set heieiofore, they would be
as silent as the giaves to which those men go. I
am not going to arraign anybody; but if these
men find that the people at large begin to appre-
hend them and their real motives, they must lay
it to the evidences they have furnished.
I have heaid it said in broad terms here, broader
than was meant, that the Democwuic party was
disloyal to the Government. 1 do not, believe it.
Too many of the leaders of the Democratic party
give evidence that they are so, but the masses of
the Democratic party, 1 rejoice to believe, are still
loyal to this Government, and when they see where
they are being led, and that they will inevitably
aid the rebellion by thai couise, they will revolt
at tt.
Why, Mi. President, let nie show what was
done in my Suae. The Government there appre-
hended a man, as is known to the Senate, because
