1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
however, this Congress has conferred upon the
Administration of Mr. Lincoln the power to in-
crease the number of consuls indefinitely, and
that, too, when our commerce and the duties of
consuls have greatly fallen off. Even if the same
commercial prosperityexistcd m our foreign trade
which existed before the breaking out of this un-
happy war, I doubt whether there would have been
any necessity for this unlimited increase of con-
suls, and this large increase of this item of appro-
priation. I undertake to say that no man, within
the history of our legislation, has ever betore seen
the spectacle of an Administration increasing: the
number of consuls when, by reason of the falling
off of our commerce, then* duties have decreased.
The Administration of Mr. Buchanan was de-
nounced bitterly by the party now m power tor
its extravagance in creating consuls for the pur-
pose of providing for its puts and paitisans. Yet
the Republicans no sooner come into oiTice than
they do, to an unlimited extent, the very thing
which they denounced. In order to take care of
his partisans, who cannot be provided for else-
where, the President has been authorized without
restraint to increase the number of consuls. As
the result, we have this item of appropriation in-
creased from §351,000, which was the appropria-
tion for this fiscal year, to $414,000—an increase
of over §00,000 in one year. It is an increase, as
I have said, which could not be justified m any
of our former prosperous years. It strikes me
that it looks like anything else than a correspond-
ence between the denunciations of the Republican
party m 1860 and its practice in 1SG2. At no time
in the Administration of Mr. Pierce or of Mr.
Buchanan was there such an increase of the num-
ber of consuls, or such an increase of appropri-
tions for consuls. Hero is the extraordinary in-
crease of £j60,000 since the 4th of Maich, 1800,
in one item of £>00,000. Is it nota stiange record
for the paity wluch came into power upon the
platform of retrenchment and leform? I hope
that my amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not feci disposed at this
time, and in the present condition of the country,
to enter into a demagogical contest for party pur-
poses. \ think that our time can bo better em-
ployed, and therefore I am not for entering into
any comparison between the present and former
Administrations.
Gut, sir, we are not hy this bill ineieasing the
number or the salai v of any of our diplomatic
agents. What has been done in that u-gard has
been done by our former laws. All that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has to do is to report
appropriations to carry out existing laws. 11 the
gentleman states that by this bill we propose to
increase the number and salary of the oinceis we
have sent .'broad,! wilhell him that we are doing
neither. We are simply making appropriations
to carry out laws winch are now upon the statute-
book.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. IIolman]
has asked why this item is larger than what was
asked for at the lust session. 1 explained that
when I made my remaiks on a former nun. hy
turning to page thirty-live it will be found that
the loss by exchange on this item was ^Go.OUI).
The appropriation last year was s,351,00U. We
are compelled to appropriate more than that this
year to pay the same salaries, because the diflfei-
euceof exchange against u.-, this day is ovu foity
per cent. It is necessary that this mere-used sum
should be appropriated, m older to pay these offi-
cers the same salary voied to them at tin-last ses-
sion. If we had to buy all of the cold necssary
to pay that salary to our foreign agents, the in-
crease, instead of being only $60,0u0, would be
§100,000. Now, sir, whether the legislation was
wise or unwise which caused this djillrence of
exchange against us, [ will not inqiuie at this
time. For all the gold that we send ubioad for
any purpose we have to pay over forty per cent,
in advance. The increase here is only £C0,0U0,
when we would have to pay over £100,000 for the
gold to pay the salary of those diplomatic agents.
1 am surpused that that amount of increase was
not asked, instead of ^60,000. "We have to pay
these salaries, and we must get the money to do
it with.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to add the following:
Fur two c!eik> for the consuls at Glasgow and Callao,
cadi. .«;),0(hh
Mr. STEVENS. Is there any law for that
amendment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am not certain that there is.
I suppose there is not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I make the point of
order that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COX. i am in favor of that amendment;
and I hope that there will be unanimous consent
to receive it.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For interpirteiri to the consulates in China, including Joss
b> exchange theieon, £5.bU0.
Mr. T-IOLMAN. 1 move to reduce that appro-
pi lation to £4,500.
Mr. Chairman, the argument of the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania is a remaikable one. He says
that there is'a ditlerence of forty percent, between
the currency and gold, and that this increase is
necessary to enable the Government to pay these
salaiier> m gold. Does it not affect all salaries?
Does it not affect the salary of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and every gentleman m the em-
ployment of * ho Government? lie argues that,
inasmuch as exchange has increased, there must
be an increase of these salaries.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; that is not ray argu-
ment. The recipient of this money gets simply
his salary; and to pay him his salary the Govern-
ment has to pay the increased amount as the price
of exchange.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Does the gentleman say that
it costs the Government ,300 to pay $'1,500 ?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not like to be repeating-
my explanations. There is for the officers them-
selves si,500, and then there is an item for the
loss of exchange of ^1,300. That does not go to
i the officers, but must be paid in order that their
saluwes may bo paid.
i\Ir. UOLMAN. Is it not an extraordinary
tiling that in older to pay $4,500 ofsalaiy wo hove
to pay the further sum of ^l.'iOQ ? Has the cur-
rency depreciated then to M>ch a fearful extent?
Mr. COX. Thoie is nothing imna' kable m it.
The exchange upon London is now fifty per cent.
1 do not know what it is on China, i know that
gentlemen here have letters going to show that
the salaries paid to some of those consuls arc
barely enough to carry them and their families to
their posts.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 h-mn that in ordinary times
the exchange upon Chum is never less than
twenty-five per cent.
Mr. COX. Then it must be seventy-five per
cent. now. I am opposed to cutting down the sal-
aries of these officers. It would create hardships
upon families who have cone abroad, ami 1 would
rather see the salaries of certain consuls I could
name increased, in order to prevent the positive
loss of quoiT officers who have gone out to those
posts.
Mr. GR1DER. I would inquire what the sal-
ary is of the consul tu Glasgow?
Mr. STEVENS. Tluee thousand dollars, I
bchrvr.
Mr. COX. It is a provision of law that con-
suls shall have their sulari<"< and the exehangr,
because the money is to be paid to them at the
places where they are. Now, if you strike off
this, you strike down the law, and the gentleman
fiom hall,ma would not change the existing law
in this wvy.
Mr. GIUDEIt. I have no desire to interpose
any obs.acle io the action of the Committee of
"Ways ami Mi.ans;but 1 desire to say that i think
wc ought to do something to equalize the salaries | ^
of our cos
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to inform him thut that matter docs not come
within the province of the Committee of Ways
and Mean?. That belongs to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mi\ GRiDER. When we have before us a
proposition to appropriate money for the benefit
of consuls abioad, it is competent for us eithei to
increase or diminish the salaries, is it not?
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 offer my amendment again,
as follows:
For one cleik for the consul at Glasgow, and one fit Cal-
luo, $3,000.
There is one suggestion I desire to make, if it
is in order, which I did not think of when I offered,
the amendment before. It is, that this amend-
ment, applying simply to consulships already es-
tablished, does not change the existing law, and.
no new law is necessary, inasmuch as this is aim-y.
ply increasing the amount. They arc obliged to
have these clerks, and the question is simply
whether they shall bo paid out of the private funds
of the consuls, or whether we shall increase their
salaries to enable them to pay the clerks. Both of
these consulships require the services of a clerk,
and they have to be paid. My point, then, in
reference to my amendment is that it changes no
existing law, and that no new law is necessary.
The'CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order, upon the ground
that it changes existing law. Under the existing
law there can be no such officers appointed or
|UJIr LOVEJOY. The Clmir does not get my
The. CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks he gets
the idea, and lias made a decision upon it. Does
the gentleman from Illinois take an appeal from
the decision.?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir. My point was that
the amendment simply increases the salary of the
consuls lor the purpose indicated.
The CJ [AIRMAN. Then the Chair would
rule out the amendment on that ground, as the
salary is now fixed hy law, and the amendment
would change that law.
Mr. MALLORY. A remark fell from the lips
of the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] which
struck me as having an important bearing upon
this point. I understood the gentleman to say
tlut, by the existing law, the difference ill ex-
change was so much to be added to the salaries of
consuls and foreign ministers. If that be so, does
it not destroy tin- necessity of making the addition
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. STi-.vr.Ns,] and will not the increase pro-
posed by this bill to the salaries of the consuls be
so much additional salary paid to them? Under
the existing law, they have the right to claim all
their salaries and the exchange, as stated by the
, gentleman from Ohio, and, therefore, the amount
I winch the gentleman from Pennsylvania speaks
! of will be so much added to then- salaiies, as I
! understand it.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that there is nothing before the committee.
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill is before the House for
discussion.
The following clause being read:
Koi -'shi to* of coinitns^ioneis and consuls general to
Hayti and bibcini, $11,000.
Mi. COX said : I move to amend by striking
out tin- words "commissioners and," and also
by striking out the word " eleven," and inserting
'' live." I do not think itis woith while to keep
these commissioners to Hayti and Liberia. If I
' remember might, last year the reason given by
j the gentleman" from Massachusetts [Mr. Goocn]
for commissioneis to llayti and Libeiia was that
| tin y would make treaties, and that there were very
| s;mit 1 easons why we should pay a very laigc
salai y to those persons, because theieby wc should
have additional commercial arrangements with
thojf countries. At that time I argued, and I
I think propei !y, that these treaties could be made
] by other officers, that they might be made by
|i consuls, that they might be made here, that they
might be made by ministers anywhere, and I see
:j that since that time our minister at Loudon has
made a treaty with the minister from Liberia to
England. And the whole business, as I said last
session, for these commissioneis to Hayti and
Xjibcna, was nothing else than to carry out a littlo
political dogma of gentlemen upon the other side,
to bung about this great equality between the
black n publics and the white republics. That is
about all of it. We might as well save a little
money upon this business, as it can be done at
London by the aid of Mr. Adams and the Liberia
commissioner there. I know gentlemen upon the
Other Side want to save money; they want to pay
the Soldiers, and they want to carry on the war.
They have been anxious to do this, and now we
have a chance to strike off these commissioners
to Hay Hand Liberia, and thereby save the motley.
Mr. LOVIi.TOY. I am now as much surprised
