1863. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I have stated the case before. They arrested him
for insulting, tearing down,and carrying away the
flag, and for discouraging-enlistments, and put
him in Fort. Constitution. He staid there for a lit-
tle while, and the Government discharged him.
Shortly after his discharge they held a Democratic
congressional convention in that district, and they
called that very man to preside over it; and withm
a few days after it, they held a State convention,
and that man went into it and made a speech,
in which he boastfully exclaimed, " I am a live
rebel!" These men here all howled over that
arrest, and when we got hern, at the commence-
ment of this session, the first inquiry made of me
on the other side of the Chamber was, " Have
you not had a case in New Hampshire?" Sir, it
was a case.
1 ask gentlemen on the other side if they can
complain that we believe they sympathize with
secession when their acts are such? Why, sir,
in this Democratic convention they nominated as
a candidate against the gallant Colonel Marston,
who has been in ten battles,a man who, in 1859,
long before this rebellion broke out, said it was
about time that this Government should be sev-
ered, and he was about to sell his property and
go South, lie has a brother down in New Or-
leans who has-been aiding this rebellion, as I am
informed. They are tu>w,in thai district, sup-
porting a man who said, as a paper in his own
city states, it was about time that this Govern-
ment should be severed, and he would go South
I am inclined to think he was about right, and 1
think he had better go.
Mr. FOSTER. He has staid there too long.
Mr. CLARK. I agree with the Senator from
Connecticut, he has staid there too long already;
but let me say to the Senator that perhaps he
thinks that if he can get here he would be half
way; he could aid the rebellion by being here,
and then go on his way South when ho got through
his term.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. And carry
his record with him.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; and probably it would
be a clean recoid, like some gentlemen 1 have
known of, who voted against, enlistments, who
voted against conscription, who voted against sup-
plies, who voted against everything in the world
that was ever proposed to put this rebellion down,
and yet call themselves loyal; who say they find
fault with the method of putting it down, and can-
not agree to anything except that we must have
peace.
in reference to this movement of the Democratic
party, let me say to gentlemen, that if they were
in power to-day and were loyal, they would be
forced into exactly our position, and would be
obliged to fight as we do; and they could not
stand any wheie else. I sometimes wish they were
there. I wont to see them fight. They cannot
escape it. Mr. President, we have got to fight
this war out, or the northern part of the country,
the loyal States, will go into flitters and anarchy,
and confusion will reign. Self-preservation re-
quires us to fight. Self-destruction will follow
any other course. It is an alternative which we
cannot escape,nor con they cscape, from it. They
may dodge it and try to go around it, but do what
they may, they must finally meet it. We have to
meetit,and they may as well make up their rnmds
to go with us. I do not believe they ate Mich lag-
gards as to wish to see us fight it tilone, nor that
they have not the courage to help. I invite fhose
gentlemen to go with us. It is the duty <>f loyal
men to stand by the Government. The rebellion
is causeless, the President must put it down; and
if you are loyal, patriotic men, come, stand wuh
ns, and in the woids of the Bible " v.*«; will do yuu
good."
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I do not
propose at this hour of rite evening to undertake
jo make a party speech. However, I should be
fnliy justified m doing so were I to follow the
precedents which have been set by others. But
my party is so very small that 1 really do not
think U is necessary to say anything m its de-
fense. It ought to have more members in it. 1
• ised to be a member of the Democratic party; but
i find myself here unable to enter any organiza-
tion whatever, f believe that all parties have left
me out in the cnld. I found out my lonely con-
dition some time ago and entered into an arrange-
ment with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Wil-
ley,] and we have now a nice cosy little party of
two. On the arrival of the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hicks,] we admitted him into ourcau-
cuses; but recently he has cast some votes that
we cannot stand, and we have excluded himfrom
our party. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, 1 havestated that I was formerly
a member of the Democratic party. I was sach;
and perhaps I was a true and faithful member of
that party. I attended the Charleston convention,
and there, with my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] as 1 said a few days ago, I found
myself kicked out of the party; that is, if the
Breckinridge Democracy of that day were the true
and genuine Democracy, I was no loggera mem-
ber of that organization'. I found the party there
dividing and divided upon an issue which, having
been inaugurated at that time, has since been
brought into these Halls and produced the very
same secession here that took place in the Charles-
ton convention.
1 did not support the election of the present
Execirtive in 1860. I did not desire to sec him
elected; and why? I believed that that would
occur which has since occurred. Having wit-
nessed the course of those gentlemen at Charles-
ton, I believed they had determined upon thiswar;
and subsequent events have demonstrated that
they had organized for the war that has since fol-
lowed. Why, sm', who was it that rejoiced more
than any other men over the election of the pres-
ent Executive? Jfl mistake not, having broken
down the Democratic party, having chosen Mr.
Breckinridge as a candidate for the Presidency,
with the avowed intention of electing Mr. Lin-
coln, having completed that woik, they built bon-
fires in the city of Chat leston immediately on the
reception of the news of his election. It was not
on account of any joy they felt over the election
of Mr. Lincoln, except as a moans of accomplish-
ing an end, and that was "to fire the southern
heart and to precipitate this rebellion."
The rebellion has been brought on and we have
been engaged m its suppression for nearly two
years. However much the Senator from Massa-
chusetts may think the Democracy of thiseountry
has done in order to inaugurate I he pre?.ent state
of affairs; however ho and otheis may think they
have been the occasion of all the bloodshed, all
the misery, and all the ruin that have been brought
Upon the country, I, for one, feel that 1 am not re-
sponsible, and that neither ho nor any other man
can propeily charge me with that responsibility.
I do not feel responsible, in any aspect of affairs,
foi the unfortunate condition of the country at the
present time* I feel, however, the iesponsibility
Of our present position h<*ie as much as any one;
and in view of it 1 will say that unless we, repre-
senting what we now cail the loyal States of the
Union, can agree bettei than, we have done during
the present session of Congn ss, the sooner we quit
this war the better. I have said it once before and
1 say it again, understanding fully what I say.
Why, sir, is not pat ty spirit in the Halls of Con-
gress as wild as it was three or four years ago?
in my honest opinion it is. No measuie is pro-
posed heje, looking to the suppression of the re-
bellion, that do( s not meet with hitter opposition;
and when that opposition is mack1, we find insinu-
ations of disloyally cast upon those who make it.
Now, sir, what is the inevitable tendency of all
this? Is it not to alienate; is it not to pioduce
that very division among the people of the loyal
States that was formeily made by party spirit be-
tw en the INorth and the South? Mr. President,
how lomrare we to indulge in it? How long can
the energies of the cunntiy buir it? We were
told a few d lys ago that if kuc.1i and such things
were done, the respective States represented by
gentlemen on this floor would lebcl against Fed-
eial authority. It has been said in various por-
tions of the country that if you pass a conscrip-
tion law the people will not submit to it. It is
said if you pass a law appropriating money for
the purpose of enabling one of the States to inau-
gurate a system of emancipation, the States will
not pay the money that may be appropriated; in
other words, that they will make opposition to
Federal authoiity; and that is spoken of even in
State Legislatures professing to be loyal.
Mr. President, I repeat, how long is this thing
to continue ? This war has gone on for two years.
It has not been prosecuted as I desired to prose-
cute it in the beginning. When it first commenced
the rebellion might have been easily put down; If
we had had a little loyalty in the Administration;
of Mr. Buchanan there would have been as little
trouble in suppressing the rebellion as there was
in the days of General Jackson in putting down
the very same state of feeling in South Carolina;
If that rebellion in 1832 and 1833 had been per-
mitted to go on for a few months longer, it would
have been beyond the power even of the old hero of
New Orleans to put it down. If I remember aright,
the State of Georgia at that time passed resolu*
tions indorsing South Carolina in the course she
took in her ordinance of nullification. If 1 am not
mistaken in my recollection, even the State of Vir-
ginia passed resolutions taking the same position
and indorsing the action of South Carolina. If
it had been neglected much longer there would
have been a power inaugurated in the southern
States against the tariff of 1828, and there would
have been cemented an organized rebellion against
the Federal authority that would have been totally
irresistible.
This rebellion was neglected too long. It was
neglected until it became organized and cemented;
and in my opinion it was purposely done. When
the present Executive came into power, i have
said, and I repeat it, the Republicans themselves
did not take hold of it as 1 thought they ought to
have done. I know it is said that even in this city
an organized mob made it dangerous to speak in
favor of the Government, and that the breath of
disloyalty and treason could alone be breathed
about Washington; but, sir, that was the appoint-
ed moment to put down this rebellion. It was not
done, unfortunately; and the question now pre-
sents itself, what are we to do ? This rebellion has
continued until a vast debt is hanging over us, and
that debt continues to swell in the alarming pro-
portions of perhaps a million and a half to two
millions per diem. How long is it to go on? Are
wc not to unite our hearts and hands to go on with
whatever measures may be necessary to put it
down; or shall we stop? We do not understand
each other, lam sure of it. We yet think the
country is not in danger; that the Government by
some superhuman power, by some divine inter-
position, may possibly be rescued and saved,and
that it does not belong to us especially to aid in
this work. That seems to me to be the case. I
may be mistaken.
Mr. President, I too want peace. The Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] tells us this even-
ing that he wants peace; that he is opposed to this
war, and lias been from the beginning; that he is
opposed to all these measures that look to the sup-
piession of the rebellion by force; and that if the
Republican party will undertake a system that
looks entirely to peace, he will act with it. Will
the Senator from Kentucky be kind enough to
point me the roud and tell mo what he means by
securing peace, and I may follow? What mode
does he propose ? W hat manner of acquii ing peace
does he propose to us? I have the greatest admi-
ration for the Senator from Kentucky, personally,
and for his vast abilities; butin all the arguments
he has made I have not heard him inform us on
one single occasion how lie proposed to get out of
thiswar. Does he propose toVuhdraw our armies?
Does he want to take the armies from Fredericks-
burg, from Memphis, from Murfreesboro', and
from New Orleans? YVill he bring them back into
the loyal Suites, or witi he let them fight out the
war m the land of secession ? Surely he does not
ask that they be withdrawn, because the very
moment that is done, this capital would be seized
by armed rebels, who are within sixty or seventy
miles of it to-day.
Mr. President, no nation ever was engaged in
war that a peace party did not spring up. In the
revolutionary war there was a peace party. There
were numbeis of men in this country willing to
yield. They said it was an unnecessary war;
that it was better to acknowledge our dependence
on the British Crown, and to cease an exhausting
war that could only end m defeat. In 1812, the
northern States suffering in their commercial re-
lations with foreign Powers, and suffering exceed-
ingly, as it must be admitted,a large peace party
grew up in the northern States, In the Mexican
war there was a peace party m tins country de-
nouncing the war, and suggesting every conceiv-
able plan to stop it. There is now a peace party.
I, too, am for peace; but how is it best to be ac-
complished? The object of the war is the re to-
