260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
&s I could be at anything coming from thatquar-
ter, and especially am I surprised that they should
attempt to make capital out of this matter, and
against the Republicans, for it is known that the
party to which the gentleman from Ohio belongs
hasalwayssaid thatif we wouldjusttake thenegro
across the ocean and plant him there in colonies,
he can enjoy all the rights which any other peo-
ple enjoy. That has been traditionary with the
Democratic party ever since I recollect anything
about the matter, and now, just as the idea which
they have always supported commences to be
realized, they begin to repudiate it. It is shame-
ful. Just like every other beneficent idea they
hold—the moment it becomes practical they re-
pudiate it.
Mr. COX. I said nothing about transporting
negroes, but I spoke of great commercial rela-
tions. Does the gentleman say he is in favor of
taking these negroes out of the country, and wants
these commissioners for that purpose? 1 supposed
that those gentlemen held that the "free Americans
of African descent" belong to this country and
ought not to be transported, and that they will not
go for forcing them away from here. But I was
addressing myself to a commercial question, that
is all.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman talked about
the equality of the races.
Mr. CO&. I said nothing about the equality
of races. I was speaking about the equality of i
white and black republics. The ge ntleman is I
entirely at fault. i
Mr. LOVEJOY. That shows how gentlemen j
can repudiate what they said not five minutes pre- ;
viously. j
The amendment was not agreed to. !
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee !
rise and report the bill to the House, with a rec- i
ommendalion that it do pass. ■
The motion was agreed to. i
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 1
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburn*e reported that j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of tin* j
Union had, according to order, had the state of!
the Union under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. (j 19, making nppropuations for !
the consular and diploma! if ( xni-nses of the Gov- I
eminent for the year ending June 30, 18G4, and ;
had directed him to report the same to the House, j
without amendment, with a recommendation that ;
it do pass. |
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read 1
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord- '
ingly read (he third tini", and passed.
Mi. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill wan passed, and also moved to ;
Jay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion wivs agreed.  o. j
ENROLLED HILL. I
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En- ,
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and '
found truly enrolled, an art (H. 11. No. GO^) pro '
scribing the times and places for holding terras of ,
the ciicuit court for the districts of Iowa, Mm- :
nesota, and Kansas; when the Speaker signed the -
same. j
TKHM-i OF COtRTS. j
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, in- r
troduccd a bill to provide foi holding special terms
of the circuit and di^rict eouits iti certain cases;
which was rend a first and s.'cmd nine, "id re-
ferred to the, Conimi'ipe on the Jniiciary.
STJl?EIUNTKNTPT!Nr OF [NDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for a Soperint'-n J"i!L
of Indian affairs for the r^ion em'aaecd by the
State of Oregon and iho 'iVintr-ry of Washing-
ton, lying east of the Cascade mountains; wlm-h
vas read a fir^t and second time, and reserved to
the Committer on Indian Affair:!.
PEUNflXG OI< DOCUMENTS.
Mr, CLAR££, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the fol!owmg resoluti mi*; which were re-
ferred, urv.Lr the rule, to ;he Commute nn Punt-
ing: ,
HkoIppJ, That tfu'tv* be print'J three toou^nnrt f.-xtin
copies of t!;e icnott oi' the t-^tjporilUend^-nt ot the {'niter1,
bte.tea (,'oa t Purvey for the veor two ihou^md of 1
wLidi Ii" for distribution t>\ tla.* bupeuntendeiu, and '
one tiioi^aud Cpa-b for i'u* use ,,f t'.e member« of ;•> pre-,
SlU
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs in relation to the lake
dcfeu&es be printed tor the use of the mernbeis of tlus
House.
COMPENSATION FOR LOST CLOTHING.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, sub- ;
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
ResolvcJ, That the Committee on Naval Affpir*? be in-
structed to inquire into the propiiety anil justice of provd-
m!| by law (or compensation lbs the !o>> of their clothmji
by the sailors on board ot the United otales gunboat Caiio
at the time she blow up.
STATK OF THE UNION.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of faking up the gun-lock resolu-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of ||
the Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr. Mal- !
i.ory in the chair,) and resumed the consideration |'
of joint resolution of the House (No. 30) author- [
izing the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's !!
breech-loading cannon, upon which Mr. Norton ;
was entitled to the floor. \\
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is it understood that no busi- ;!
ne*s will be done this evening? ]>
Mi. STEVENS. I understand that there is j;
; very important business to be done m the way of i'
making speeches. That, I behove, is the only j'
business. p
Mr. PJNGTIAM. I may want to introduce a j
; bill for reference when the committee rises. '<
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot say ;|
what the understanding of the House was. ■■
I Mr. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, the tune has i;
j nrrived in our history as a people when reason, !
[ free from passion, when patriotism, free from !
i malevolence and hate, when justice and right,free
! fiom partiality and prejudice, should govern out
: action and guide our counsels. The time has
j arrived when we should recur to the admonitions
of fhe f-nbeis and founders of the Republic, who I
laid its foundation stones in revolution and built ■'
up the fabric in blood. Had their counsels been .j
followed, or their warnings heard, the present j;
revolution, which has startled this continent, and '•
promises to disturb the repose of Europe, would 11
; to-day have been slumbering in the sleep of night. ' ■
i Had the warning voice of George Washington,
! when he made his last farewell to the American
1 people, admonishing us against the evils that p
j would inevitably result from sectional organiza- ■
j lion, been heeded, there would have homi no sec- '■
| ttonal candidate run for the Presidency in 1^56 by
. the Republican party, and thus the first step taken :
, towards tlie inauguiation of the present rcvolu- ,
lion. Matters have now reached a climax in our i
history when we should no longer delude our- ■
selves, and fallow false thcoties cotton up W de-
signing demagogues and politicians, not to sa\e >
the comitiy, hut to maintain and uphold a paity
uuder the cry of savu.ga nation. Humou mature,
passions, and reason are the same in ell ages and
in all people. Wo in this country, hitherto pro-
foundly peaceful and eminently prosperous, so .
far as internal relations were concerned, are but ■'
now reenacting the scenes which have character-
ized the world's history from the \ery earliest
period of its existence. We have failed to profit
and learn wisdom from the past, the tnals and ,
expoii.-ncesofoiher peoples. lfanythingisiaught
us by the histOiy of otliei nations, i: us foe fact,
that wh'.nevr on" portion of a people uotler the "
some organism, particularly an organism of < quals
a« ours is, und'Ttake to domineer m or and disro- 1
gard i in* rights of another portion, (destroying iheir
i nnahty, Fiien it is that nd-huncad revolution is !
invit"d, and :s a^ sure to follow as n;<rht follows
day, if persisted ;n. I have always believed, and
sliii !;c liev", [l:rt if the Rcpnohctui party had never :
•vr/enr/t(i m 1:3\S ar a section**! jxiny upon the
si11gii• i |oa cf the ultimate abolishment of slavery
ami ill'- d"slrurlion of the labor f.yftcm m fifu'ei; n
Stat.^- of the Conf-derocy, that we to-dav would
have bron a nnikd and happy people, ard the
millions of treasure already spent and yet to be
spent, and the rivers of blood already shod and
yet to be shed, would have been span d the nation. ■
When the last presidential contest was racing ■
bke a fire from one end of the Confederacy to'the ■
other, those of us who urged upon the people the
propriety of electing the patriot and statesman,
Douglas, throwing overboard Mr. Lincoln, a sec-
tional candidate—that to elect him would be to en-
danger the peace and repose of the country, and
bring the two sections in conflict, thus destroying
the Union—were met by Lincoln men and de-
nounced, yes, sir, absolutely denounced as Union
shnekers,Union savers,Unionhowicrs,and these
terms applied to us as terms of opprobiiuni, and
these same gentlemen of the successful party now
that the predictions of the Douglas men upon this
subject have been verified, claim to be the only
true Union men of the country, going so far as to
denounce northern Democrats as traitois, butter-
nuts, copperheads, and otherlike terms, of which
then vocabulary is so full. I tell you, sir, that
before peace can ever come to this country, the
reign of reason, justice, mercy, and light must
be reestablished—superseding passion, prejudice,
vindtctiveness, and hate. So long as these latter
feelings prevail theie will be cruel, bitter, deso-
lating war—wider, deeper, and more destructive as
it progresses. We, sir, should stop long enough
to consider whither we are tending and to what
condition we are being reduced.
We have now been engaged twenty months in
a desolating war, a\owediy for the purpose of
restoring the Union and asserting the authority
of the Federal Government m the icvolted States.
To accomplish these results, theie has been no
lack of either men, money, or means. The largest
Army that the world has sec n in modern times has
been put m the field, with the most appioved and
destructive weapons of warfare. A powerful Navy
has been set afloat, exceedingly complimentary
to the energy and resources ot the country, to aid
this magnificent Army in the accomplishment of
its work. Now, after twenty months of ar, thus
provided to piosccute and carry it on, svhat has
been accomplished? Now, sir, I ask in all can-
dor, are we any nearer a restored Union than when
the armies first met m conflict? What are the
tesults? It is oui dufy to look at these things, and
ascertain the causes for our failuie so far. Why,
sir, a great amoun t of property has been destroyed
m the rebellious States, some thousands of negioes
have been turned loose as wanderers upon the
face of the earth without a home, large numbers of
them fed at public expense. The people of those
States have been made to suffer greatly, both in
loss of bfe, propei ty, and comfoit. Some small
portions of those States have been taken possession
of and held by our force?', but every where menaced
by an aimed enemy. These are some of the re-
sults, so far as the rebels are concerned. Flow
has it affected us ? We have spent a thousand or
fifteen hundred million dollars, have had thou-
sands killed in battle, thousands to die of disease,
thousands maimed and crippled for life; the wail
of the widow and the cry ot the orphan have been
heard to go up from almost every town and ham-
let throughout our broad land. With a country
thus distracted and torn, how much neaieraie \va
to a restored Union than in the beginning? It is
very certain, sir, that it is not a fact accomplished
nor in very rapid process of accomplishment. Why
is this5 is the materia! question.
Some say it is because the Army is not large
enough. Some say it is because the Army has not
been properly commanded. Some say it is be-
cause the Army is not properly supplied. Some
say ,!iaf it was because Mr. Cameron was re-
iaorcd, and others because Stanton was put in his
place. Some say that it was because Fiemont w, as
eor placed c,t the head of the At my; ulliuts because
lie was placed at the heed of one corps or military
<!opartnient. Some say H was because Porter dis-
obey, d Pope; others because McClellan was in
command; others because ?\TeCloli-in was removed
and liurncide put m his place. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I do fot behove that result is to be tiaced to
any of tla.se causes. In the language of Lord
Chatham, used upon a memorable occasion, the
army can accomplish everything but impossibili-
ties. From the very beginning of this war, my
judgment has been that the Pr< siuent and Con-
gress were acting under a false idea, to wit: that
a laige element of Union sen;luj..i,t, which only
needed the aid of the Feeh.ral arms to develop,
existed in the revolted or rebellious States. To
such an extent was tins idea impressed upon the
President, that when he issued his proclamation
for seventy-five thousand men, he required the
