1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
ration of the Union, the preservation of that sacred
legacy bequeathed us by our fathers. It is not
to free negroes, to build up parties, to consolidate
power, but to suppress rebellion against consti-
tuted authority for the good of all, for the good of
1 the South as well as the North, the East, and the
West, and equally for the glory of the whole nation.
The new party organized by the Senator from
Virginia and myself,howevcrsmall atpresent, will
giow in strength. Our principles being in accord-
ance with the teachings of the fathers, we will
continue to rebuke fanaticism on the one side, and
treason on the other, until the national sufferings
shall prove the orthodoxy of our political tenets.
Truly this was "a causeless rebel)ion,"as stated
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
it was not founded upon the great principles of
human liberty, but rather upon those of human
slavery. It is a war of the patrician, using the de-
graded prejudices of the plebeian for the purpose
of enslaving him—the war of an insolent aristoc-
racy, bold, brave, and powerful, against the very
elementary principles of self-government. Ft is a
war of office-holders to perpetuate their power. It
was not intended to establish reforms, looking
to the security of life, liberty, and happiness in a
new organization of human society, but rather
designed to subserve the ends of selfish ambition
at the expense of national integrity and individual
welfare.
In die judgment of my party, the success of the
South is the ruin of the South. The North and
the South are dependenton each other. The pride
as well as the security of each can only be main-
tained in their reunion. Demagogues and traitors
may declaim against this inevitable future, but
come it will. Temporary disunion may be forced
upon us by divisions in our own household, pro-
longing the war, dispiriting our people, and ex-
hausting our means; but eventually the laws of
mtciest, a icturning sense of justice, the memory
of the past, and a full realization of the follies of
the present, will dasli to the earth every obstacle
m the way of a happy reunion.
Hoarding the rebellion as an unholy and un-
justifiable one, my party would put it down by
the strong arm of power, if nothing less will se-
cure the intoguty of the Union. Each day we are
willing to receive representatives from the seceded
States and to consider, in the form provided by
the Constitution, all causes of complaint against
the Government. We, too, would carry the sword
and the olive branch, giving pardon and amnesty
to rebels, wheiover repentance is sincere, but we
would not lay aside the sword and beg disgrace-
ful peace at the hands of exultant traitors. Be-
lieving that the masses of the South had been swept
into this war by organized mob violence, carefully
designed to overthrow freedom of speech and awe
into silence the unwilling, my party wasanxious
to ovei whelm the leadeis of rebellion by furnish-
ing proof of their falsehood and coiruption, and !
t hurf to educate and develop thin oppressed loyalty.
The true policy was to keep the people of the
South estranged from the leaders, to cut the meshes
with which they were bound, to furnish them ar-
guments to confound the accusers of the Govern-
ment. What is nou? the best policy is of greater I
doubt than it once was.
Now, Mr. President, a few words in rcguid to !
the policy for putting down the rebellion and the \
objections that are urged by gentlemen here to [
those measures, and I have done. It it? a well- j
known fact that at the last, session of Congress I
did not vote for n groat many of the measuies ^
which the majority heie saw fit to adopt; but I
was interested with other gentlemen in putting ;
down the rebellion, and after a majority here had i
adopted those measures I felt it my duty to tic- i
qmesee in them. If I had gone home before the j
people of my State and said the object of Con- i
gross was to consolidate the Government and to j
destroy the liberty of the white men of this coun- !
try, inasmuch as they had sent me here for the t
purpose of representing them and would defer to i
a certain extent to my judgment and my views, j
the inevitable consequence would be that a feeling <
of disloyalty would be engendered in my State. 1
I was interested in putting down the rebellion. I \
dilfered with gentleman in regard to the measures j
that weie adopted to accomplish the purpose; hut j
when they were once adopted, was it my duty to |
make war upon the Administration andthepaity j
in power, or was it my diuy under the circum- !
stances to acquiesce and yield obedience ? A Gov-
ernment like ours requires, when measures are
adopted, unless they are totally subversive of hu-
man liberty, that the minority shall acquiesce.
That requisition is binding upon<us in times of
peace.
But, sir, in times like these, when the whole
power of the Government is almost necessarily
m the hands of the Executive, it is dangerous to
make war upon the Administration and to under-
take to draw nice distinctions between the Admin-
istration and the Government. I recognize that
difference as much as any gentleman; but in mo-
ments like the present, when armies of hundreds
of thousands of men on either side are engaged in
mortal combat, and when the life of the nation
depends upon the result, time, unity of action,
and cemented feeling are essential to success on
the side of either of those parties. In that the
rebels have the advantage of us, and have had it
from the first day when they organized their so-
called confederate government at Montgomery,
Alabama. They have been united; and we, al-
though separated far in politics even then, have
been getting further and further apart from that
day to this.
As I have said, importantmensures wereadopt-
ed at the last session, and have also been adopted
at this session, some of which I have supported
and some I have opposed; but 1 conceive that it is
my duty, and the duty of all loyal men, whether
those measures exactly accord with our notions
of right or not, to give an honest support to the
Government of the country, to enable us to put
down the rebellion as soon as it can be done; be-
cause I honestly believe, if that support is not
given, as I said from the beginning, the sooner
we quit the contest the better.
At the last session some gentlemen conceived
that it was proper to enact an article of war in
regard to slaves. I thought that was wrong; not
that I cared so much about it at the time; not that
I desired that the officers of the Federal Govern-
ment should be used in returning slaves, because
the rebels themselves had made this slavery ques-
tion a pretext for the rebellion, and I did not de-
sire that the officers of the Federal Government
should be used in returning their slaves. But
what has been the result of that enactment? Fed-
eral officers in many of the slave States have
deemed it their duty under that article of war to
take all the slaves that come into their camps.
There were two provisions in the confiscation bill:
one of them saying that no officer should under-
take to decide upon the ownership of a slave; and
another that if a country had been^bnee invested
by disloyal troops, and afterwards occupied by
loyal troops, the slaves found within the district
formerly occupied by disloyal men should become
free. What has been the result? The Federal
officers, in many of the States, disiegarded, in my
view, the true meaning of those provisions, and
have interfered to a great extent with slave prop-
erty in those States, and they have engendered a
feeling which is prejudicial to the Government. I
thought those measures unnecessary at the time,
and 1 cast my vote against them.
I know that gentlemen on the other side of this
Chamber are very sensitive on this slavery ques-
tion; and they are no more so than gentlemen on
this side. My party is not so sensitive on this
subject. We look to the country, regardless of
the negro. If rebels will inaugurate a war, the
fires of which will consume the institution, it is
not our duty to rush into the flames to save it.
We would save its value to loyal men in our re-
spective States; but for our own good in the future,
to insure peace to ourselves, to retain our status
in the Union, to maintain relations that gave us
prospeuty in the past, to shake off an incubus
that weighs down our energies, to open the door
to reconciliation, to remove the apple of discord,
and the element of bitter, relentless party strife,
we would consentthatit disappcarfrom our States
forever. We have determined that other ques-
tions than that connected with the negro may be
best considered by the statesmen of the present
day. I thought when this rebellion commenced
that the force nccessary on the part of the loyal
men of the country to put it down would leave no
vestige of slavery in the land. I so stated in my
own State befoie itcommenced. I believed it then,
and I believe it now. It should be remembered,
however, by gentlemen who are anti-slavery in
their feelings, that the present Executive was not
elected by a majority of the votes of the nation;
and if party questions are to be again brought into
the arena of debate, and the question of loyalty
and disloyalty is to be made upon party lines—
if the Democrats and the Americans are to be
turned out and denounced as disloyal—then the
disloyal men of the nation are almost two thirds
of the whole population. Sir, it is wrong to make -
such charges. They are not true. In my own
State that portion of the Democratic party which
voted for Mr. Douglas was the party of all others
that saved the State to the Union. The Americans,
too, were loyal. If the Democrats and the Amer-
icans, as known before the war, were withdrawn
from the armies of the nation to-day, and they were
left entirely in the hands of the Republicans, my
impression is that they would not have strength
enough to meet the rebels on any battle-field. That
is my honest opinion; but I do not desire to say,
and shall not say, aught against the Republicans.
They have met the issue like men. It has been
forced upon them, and they could not do other-
wise than fight.
But, sir, we have now arrived at a point of this
rebellion where, unless there is unity of action
between those calling themselves Democrats in
the northern States and the Republicans, this war
is already at an end, except as a war of defense.
I find that my Democratic friends in the northern
States insist that this rebellion must he put down
without any free negro going into their respective
States. They prohibit free negroes in theirStates,
and if one comes there they will turn their backs
upon the war and upon the country. As 1 have
said before, in the putting of this rebellion down,
slave* y, in my honest judgment, will cease to ex-
ist; and it is unnecessary now, and was unneces-
sary in the beginning, to pass any law on the sub-
ject. Letaimies go into those southern States;
let the force necessary to put this rebellion down
be exerted in South Carolina; let it bo done in the
State ofVngmia; and when your nrmies leave
thcie slavery will leave, whether the President
ever issued a proclamation or whether a confis-
cation bill or an article of war on the subject of
slavery had ever been adopted by Congress. If
slavery is doomed, the rebels themselves did it.
The only thing that can prevent its destruction is
the present organization of the Demociatic party
m the northern States; and that organization, of
course, will bring about division among the north-
ern people, and precipitate the withdrawal of your
armies in the end, if it is kept up. If, therefore,
our Democratic friends intend to make the pres-
ervation of slavery a condition of preserving the
Union, and they intend to withdraw from the con-
test if such result shall follow the suppression of
the rebellion they should proclaim it now. It
is never wise to conceal our real opinions at times
such as the present.
1 desire, therefore, to ask gentlemen do they
want to stop now in the midst of this war? Do they
propose to withdraw our armies? Do they pro-
pose to send commissioners to these men in order
to settle upon terms of peace? Do they propose
that we shall compromise and run a boundary lino
between two independent republics? They insist
that the rebellion shall be put down, but that no
conscription law shall be used to do it. How is
it to be put down unless we unite, unless every
man, forgetting his party feelings, looking to noth-
ing but the good of his countiy, abandoning ail
selfish aims and ends, and all party desires,shall
rally around the standard of his country? Gentle-
men say, let us lely on volunteering; let us rely
on the upheaving patriotism of the country. When
we appeal to the people to volunteer, are there not
in some of the northern States those who interpose
objections and beg the people not to enlist; that
it is an abolition war; that it is a war for the over-
throw of the Constitution of the country; that the
object, aim, and intention of the Administration
is to perpetuate its power, and therefore it is im-
politic, improper, unpatriotic to lend any assist-
ance whatever to such a war of subjugation?
Others again go to the extent of refusing all sup-
plies for the Army, and say it is improper to vote
one dollar for such a war as this. Sir, this is all
wrong. While I condemn many of the measures
tliat have been adopted, I say many of them are
necessary and proper; and there should be some
union, there should be at least some better feeling
in these Halls in regard to this matter.
