1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Senator from Kentucky says that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will oppose this war un-
less slavery shall be thoroughly eradicated from
the country. Sir, is that true? Is it the object of
Senators on the other side to destroy the institu-
tion of slavery or else let the Union perish? On
the other hand, the Senator from Massachusetts
says the Senator from Kentucky is sympathizing:
with Jefferson Davis and his colleagues in the
southern confederacy. Is that true? If that be so,
we are nearly equally divided in this body. There
is at least disloyal element enough in this body,
if it represents a corresponding power in the coun-
try, to take from our armies m the field sufficient
strength and sufficient moral power to give the
rebels the ascendency over us. If the surmises of
the gentlemen from Kentucky be true, that there
is to be no Union again until slavery is extirpated
m this country, and that is to be the object, the
aim, and the end of this war, then it ought to be
stopped at once; because when that is understood
in the country it cannot be prosecuted further.
Let the object of the war be the restoration of the
Union; let it look to that and nothing else; and
when the Union is restored, my honest opinion is
that slavery will go by the board; and if not de-
stroyed at once, it will be in the course of a few
years thereafter.
Now, Mr. President, in reference to the bill
under consideration, I will say that it is my judg-
ment, fiom all I have seen in the West on this
subject, that no arrests should be made in the loyal
States except upon warrant. During the time of
this rebellion, yon may suspend the privilege of
the writ wherever you please for certain offenses;
but my honest judgment is that no airests ought
to be made in the loyal States except upon war-
rant. I will give my reason for it. There is pol-
icy in doing certain things in times of war, we
are told; and if ever there was policy in any one
measure on eaith, it is in this. It is true that
there is a clamor all over the country in regard to
ariests; and thousands of the men who have been
anested were without power for harm until the
moment of their arrest.
The county nearly opposite to me in the State
of Illinois, and from winch the Senator from Il-
linois [Mr. Richardson] hails, if I am not mis-
taken, at the last election cast some eighteen or
nineteen hunched majority for the Democratic
pai ty, when its usual majority did not exceed one
or two hundred. The county adjoining it, I be-
lieve, cast a similar majority. My impression is
that the chief reason for those majorities arose
fiomthe mere fact of the arrest of some farmer
boys in Adams county, Illinois. A short tune
befoie the election i was called upon m regard to
the case. There was an attempt to organize a
Democratic party in that section of the State of
Illinois, and some boys met together at a school-
house, 1 believe, and in a debating society some
of them made speeches denouncing the Admmis-
tiation. A provost marshal sent officers there and
had them arrested, taken t'o St. Louis, and put in
prison. The excitement occasioned by that act
caused hundreds and hundreds of Republicans to
go to the polls and cast their votes tor what is de-
nominated on this floor a treasonable party.
My honest opinion is that there is no necessity
for arresting any one in the loyal States unless he
has been guilty of some crime. If an individual
in one of the loyal States is guilty of treason, or
of any kindred crime, is it not a very easy mat-
ter where the courts are open to file an affidavit as
is usually filed in such cases of crime, and when
the party has once been imprisoned, if it be an of-
fense which ai tses from opposition to the Go vcrn-
mentjOr,in other words, an act of treason, let the
privilege of the writ be suspended ? But mak&no
arrests in loyal States except upon affidavit. It
is very different when a State has been declared
to be in a s.tate of insurrection, one whose inhab-
itants are known to bo in open rebellion against
the United Slates. In the first place, the courts
are not open to justice at all, and you have no
means of arresting: parlies who are inimical to the
Government except by military power.
The Senator from Kentucky has frequently re-
ferred to my own State. lie has frequently com-
plained bitterly of acts of oppression in the State
of Missouri. Many things have been done in that
Stat"-1 which were wrong: but I will slate to the
Senator that many things have been left undone
which ought to have been done. We are not so
sensitive in Missouri on the subject of arrests.
First one party and then the other has been en-
gaged in making arrests. We had often times to
arrest in self-defense; but it is quite different in
Illinois. Where is the necessity in Illinois ofmak-
ingarrests except upon affidavits filed in the couits?
Is there any in Massachusetts? Is there any in
Maryland ? Is there any anywhere unless the in-
habitants of the State are in insurrection? Let
that first be declared by the President; and when
it has been declared, under the act of 1861, if it
be desirable, make arrests, and cut off the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. President, I have saiu all that I desire to
say on this subject. 1 desire earnestly to restore
the Union. The people of the West earnestly
desire it. I do not know whether it will ever be
done or not. I have not despaired. It will cer-
tainly require much more unity of action than we
exhibit in this Chamber to secure this object " so
devoutly to be wished for." Peihaps i have a
higher appreciation of the strength of this rebel-
lion than many gentlemen around me. I stated
here last year, when the rebellion, it was sup-
posed, was about being crushed out, that they
would be able to hold out for years to come un-
less we increased oui armies, l know it was said
then, and it is often said now, that the rebels are
about to starve. We should not lay that " flatter-
ing unction" to our souls. Why should they
starve? They have a territory equal, if not su-
perior, to any portion of the country. They have
one State, the State of Texas, which 1 suppose
gives them now, and 1 suppose will continue to
give them, unless cut off by the fall of Port Hud-
sonandof Vicksburg,subsistence enough to carry
them through all time. It is a State of everlasting
pastures, green from one year's end to another,
and covered with herds of wild cattle. They have
the best grain-growing part of the country, and
they have the labor to grow any quantity of it. I
hope gentlemen do not now suppose their negroes
will bedangerous to them in insurrection, because
the idea once entertained, that they would rise
against their masters, ought now to be dismissed
forever. They have m that labor an element of
strength and power equal to that number of white
people; and we must icmember that the blacks,
with the whites, constitute a population that no
people on earth ever yet subjugated, which no
people on the earth ever yet conquered. No such
population, inhabiting such a country, with all of
its natural defenses, its mountains, and Us rivers,
was ever yet conquered. Whatever may be said
oftheir courage, I know they have courage. They
have mety^u upon the battle-field, and they wqre
foemen worthy of your steel, and m all time they
will prove to be. Hence we have no strength to
waste in idle controversies here. We have no time
to organize party movements, intended merely to
control the offices of a future Administration. Let
our counsels be tempered by a spirit of justice,
and be made acceptable to the honest and patri-
otic masses of the people upon whom we must
rely to uphold the honor of the country. Let
us secure the Government first, and light for the
offices when assuied that a country and even a
home remain.
I know it may be said that I have too high an
estimate of the courage and power of those in
armed rebellion. Sir, I have not; and if yon fight
ten thousand battles with them, they will fight
like the Mohammedan for hisfaith, however erro-
neous it may be, and they will never turn their
backs to you until compelled by superior force.
The rebellion must be crushed out by united ac-
tion on our part or not at all. It must be done by a
power which it seems to me in our present condi-
tion we are either unwilling or unable to bring.
Let us, then, stop these bickerings. Let us look to
the vast undertaking that is ahead of us. It is no
Mexican foe you are fighting. It is a people who
are bone of your bone and blood of your blood.
However brave you may be on the battle-field,
however determined, however unflinching in the
accomplishment of your purpose, you will find
them equally so.
With the fact before us that they possess this
vast element of strength and of power on their
part, which, so far from being broken down, as
one Senator said to-day, seems to be stronger than
it has ever been, had we not better consult to-
gether in all reason and see what can be done for
the prostration of this rebellion, in the suppression
of which we are all interested ? I have no venge-
ance to gratify. I have no spleen against these
people except that, as the Senator from Illinois
says, they have inaugurated a causeless rebellion
against a good Government; and I know of but
one way to get out of this difficulty: either we are
to be conquered or they must be conquered. If £
knew any other way I would adopt it. If peace
can come by compromise, without overthrowing
the honor of the country, show me the path and I
will adopt it. They are brave as we. However
erroneous they may be, they have courage; they
have all the elements of greatness within them-
selves; and they have shown it upon every battle-
field; and therefore they are not unworthy to live
in the same family with ourselves.
But, sir, while I acknowledge this fact, I know
this other important fact, that you cannot com-
promise with them to-day: you cannot conciliate
them. They are determined upon one thing, their
independence of the free States of this Union; and
it remains with Kentucky, with Maryland, with
Delaware, and Missouri, to say what we shall do
under the ciicumstances. We told them it was
wrong to rebel against the Government; that the
consequence would be the destruction of those
border States. It has proved our destruction; it
has ruined my State; and if Maryland encourages
them to come upon her soil, she, too, will be
ground topowderbeneath the armies upon her soil.
We could not resist it in Missouri; and the con-
sequence is that our people have been robbed and
plundered. Men in my State who were almost
millionaires, have been reduced to beggary and to
want. That is the condition they have brought
upon us in Missouri. They did not respect our
rights. They have inaugurated a war that has
ruined us. They lighted a torch that has consumed
all the substance of the State. Sir, I have but little
sympathy with them; I have none in their work.
But let me remind gentlemen that this war can-
not be closed until the Mississippi river is opened.
It is our only road to market in the West; itis our
only hope; and for two years we have been forced
to suffer from the blockade of our great river. Our
agricultural productions have had no market; and
though what we had has been destroyed, yetcven
if we had been able to keep it we could not have
made it available for any purpose whatever. It
is not only my own State that is in thatsituation,
but many of the non-slaveholdmg States of the
West are in a similar condition in this respect. We
demand the reopening of the Mississippi river.
This war cannot be closed until that is done. I
know that you may patch up a peace; I am aware
that you may agree to terms of conciliation and
compromise, but it cannot be a permanent peace;
it cannot last long; for if the western States re-
main in the Union, as they certainly will, the
result will be commcrcial questions will again in-
augurate a war in two years from the time peace
takes place, and that will create a greater blaze of
war than we have yet had.
Mr. Piesident, I look, therefore, to the resto-
ration of the old Union. It will come eventually.
A few years of war may yet curse the country.
We may patch up a peace for a short interval;
but wars will come again; and after all the whole
country, from north to south and from east to
west, will eventually be bound together. Although
the stars upon our national flag are now dimmed,
yet I confidently look forward to the day when
every cloud may disappear, and some kind angel
hand, with pencil dipped in heavenly light, will
again repaint them in all their splendor, all their
beauty, and all their loveliness once more.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I have
occasion to dissent from what the Senator from
Missouri says, i have generally been pleased to
agree with him in the positions he has taken here;
but in one thing he has said to-night I do not
agree with him. He says, in rugaid to this dis-
cussion, that we do not understand each other. I
think he is mistaken in this, and that we under-
stand each other perfectly well. I think that the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] for
instance, who has entered into this discussion,and
those who agree with him, are in favor of putting
down this rebellion; and I think the gentlemen
who have entered into this discussion on the other
side of the Chamber are not in favor of putting
down this lebellion. 1 think that that is very well
understood and cleaily defined.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr Powell] at
