262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
officers, I went to see General McClellan himself, and he
agreed wltl) us tliat rliits was an Older which I.asasoldiei,
had to obey. lie said he could not retain the command,
for he, as a soldier, would have u> obey the oider dnecting
hirn to give up that command in the midst of a violent
snowstorm, with the army in a position that I knew but
little of. 1 had previously commanded but one corps upon
the extieme right, and had been upon the extreme right,
and in the advance, smcethatcampaign had begun. I prob-
ably knew less than any other coips commandcrof the po-
sitions and relative strength of the seveial corps of the army.
General McCicJlan remained some two or tlnec days to
arrange his affairs, and came with mo as far as Warrcnton,
and then left, having given me all the infounationhe could
in icference to the arm}."
This evidence shows an extraordinary ease.
General Burnside states that he was not compe-
tent to take the command of so large an army as
that was, and had said the same over and over
again to the President and Secretary of War, and
that General McClellan could command the army
of the Potomac better than any man in it. _Yet,
sir, under this state of the case, McClellan is re-
moved and Burnside put in.
The reason for this, outside of the circle con-
cerned, God above alone knows, and the coun-
try has yet to find out. In regard to the motives
for it, I have nothing to say. I am not dealing
with motives, but with facts.
Mr. HOLM AN. The gentleman will permit
me to ask him whetherthose protestations on the
part of General Burnside were not rather an in-
dication of modesty upon his part than of any
want of capacity?
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman may take it
whichever way ho chooses.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 would ask the gentleman
whether the men who profess to have the most
ability, military or otherwise, arc found to be the
ablest men?
Mr. NORTON. There are exceptions to all
general rules.
Mr. GOOCH. I would make the application
in jBurnside's case, then.
Mr. NORTON. In the most ordinary and com-
mon transactions of life, mon do not net thus. A
citizen would haidly be thought competent In th<-
management of his own affairs who, even in the
common transaction of budding a house, would
employ a mechanic while that mechanic was pro-
testing his incompetency to build it, and pointed
him to a master workman who was willing and
ready to do the job at the same price. There is
also another false or erroneous idea under which
large numbeis of pei sons, and pei sons, too, lu^h
in authority, seem to have labored; namely, that
the people of the rebellious States, by the enforce-
ment of a strict blockade of then- eoast and em-
bargoes upon internal trade and trailic, would
soon be reduced to subjection by starvation, suf-
fering, and want. Hundreds of columns have
been written by newspaper editors and newspa-
per correspondents tor the purpose of indoctrin-
ating the public mind with tins idea, and to con-
vince the public that the rebellion would end in
twelve mouths for the want of subsistence and
supplies.
Now, sir, the sooner the tiuth js told upon this
and kindred subjects, the better it will be for us
and the nation. The sooner we are lehoved from
this kind of delusion, the better it will be for all
concerned, flow are the facts? In computing
the ability of a people to maintain an army and
themselves, so far as subsistence is concerned, you
must look to articles of pnme necessity, i Juries,
mules, cattle, hogs, corn,and wheat would enter
into the elements of tlie calculation. Taking these
elements info the calculation, and excluding from ;
the computation Maryland, Kentucky, and Mis- |
souri, the census of 3bG0 shows the.t in the rebel J
States there wore of horses, asses, and muics, i
2,40-1,173, against 3,017,%1 in the i I'mainingm-u- ;
teen States, showing an excess in favor of tin sc .
States of 1,213,788. Of cattle m the revolutionary
Stftes there weie 10,■4*7(>.704, against 33,100,990;
in the remaining, showing an excess of about 1
3,J2o,0U0. Of hogs theie were in the revolution- |
ary States 15,o30,5i)5, in the remaining States j
11,836,595, showing an excess of hogs in the !
rebel States of 3,G93,9(>0. Of wheat they pro- '
duccd in the rebel States about 31,000,000 bushds, j
of corn about 281,000,000 bushels. It is wholly j
unnecessary to pursue this line of argument, fur- :
flier than a simple statement of these glaring faets, i
vation. It is time that those who are charged
with the conduct of this war should look more to
facts and less to the making and unmaking of
men, in which business they seem principally to
have been engaged for the last several months.
It is time that the force, power, and resources of
the enemy should be properly understood. Had
this been done in the beginning, much of life and
treasure would have been saved, and the people
would not have looked to the Army to accom-
plish impossibilities.
It is very often said that the life of the nationis
at stake, and that this war is waged to save it.
What is the life of the nation ? Is it to be found
simply in the land, the territory, and the people
who inhabit it? This of itself does not make the
nation. If it did, there is no reason to be seen
why the jNorth and South American continents,
the territory being contiguous, do not constitute
one nation. The thirteen colonies did not consti-
tute one nation until brought together by the Arti-
cles of Confederation, nor did they subsequently
constitute the United States of America until they
were brought together in one common fold by the
Constitution of Ihe United States. It was that
instrument which brought the nation into exist-
ence, gave it life, and sustained that life after it
was imparted. Without it this nation never could
have existed, and without it cannot live. It is the
organism of the body of the nation; destroy it, and
you destroy the bo*iy. That Constitution, in the
preamble, defines its object plainly and specific-
ally:
" "We, the people ofiheUmtrd States., m older to forma
more pei loot union. establish notice, m-'uic domestic Uan-
(jui'l.ty, provide lot the common detensc. promote thegen-
eial w-lldie and mjcuic tiic fole-s-injis ot libeity to ouisel'ves
and our por-tcui}, do ordain and Cotabhfh thus Constitu-
tion.*'
The formation of a more perfect union, the es-
tablishment of justice, the insurance of domestic
peace and tranquillity, the providing for the com-
mon defense and general welfare, were the objects
in yk w and the ends to be attained by that Con-
stitution . They were the results to llow from its
adoption and latilication by the States.
it is a physical impossibility in nature to pre-
serve a stream by the destruction of the fountain
which produces it. Desti oy the fountain, and the
stream which llows from it is lost and gone for-
ever. While it is a physical impossibility in nature
to dot hi
this U
which p
Consilium n or its principles j\* aiming a blow at
the iife of the nation; and southern and northern
radicals to-day seem bothto be engaged in indict-
ing blows upon that instruuv nt which may destroy
us as a people, and probably will, unless the
masses witluhaw themselves Irom the influences
of the demagogues t.nd follow the dictates of their
common tense and common honesty.
l>ut, sir, in these days of profound statesman-
ship the Constitution seems to be ignored !>}r some
of those who are sworn to support it. Hear the
language of the honorable chanman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in a speech delivered
in this House a few days since:
'• 1 eav. then, that we may admit Western Villoma as a
; n''\v r-Uato, not lu viiiiie oi any pioviMon of the Constitu-
UMi, but utnlci mil ^Iwdnto pmvci which tiie laws oi'wat
<rive u?- 111 tiie riiounMances in which we an* placed. T
>ha!l vote Mi tins hill upon thai tVoiy, arid upon that
alone; tot ! will not siulniv inw-lt se' Hippo^m? that we
have anv volant in li-e Con-titution lui tins pioee^clinj.
*-'!hi> talk oi le-tonnix the Urnon it w a-under the
Con 'Mtu: ion a- if l- one oi the ban di ties w inch 1 hrtve
lu aid t epcau (1 me.il 1 have bee otae about ; jck of n. Tin-
1'eio!) n rt i e t CM<U e<l a-, i! W.t*. Tin .f no man\
thuei- which j"nd''i j''h an event unpo^-ihle. Tln-^ Union
■-hall •i',vei, with inv consent, he ze-tocd uikici the Cori-
-tilraiea ;i;- it i>, wall r-Liv< ty to be piotcctcd by jr."1
And
rv line itisapnysieai impossibility 111 niuuic
.us, it is apolitical impossibility lo preserve
ninnby the destruction of the Constitution
produces it. Whocvei aims a blowatthat
igam:
1 hiivf; consulted the aeN of the Executive, and 1 hud
that v. !uio iii a irr<. at nuijontv of instances in the icbet 5-*faic-<
he ha<but hale lecaici to the (ViWiiUtiori, he has upheld
it in onh one. In that he prohibit • the laknnj of the prop
eriv of women nnd chlUlien of rebel men who arc in aim-*
with the enenuc'b ol the Union.-''
lie is not for the Union as it was, nor the Con-
stitution as it is. He is notfor the Union except
conditionally; except upon condition that slavery
is destroyed under it. Tlius,in cant phrase, the
honorable gentleman is a conditional Union, a
loyal man with a condition annexed. If he
to demonstrate the utter fallacy of the idea that ]j then, according to his colleague, [Mr. Kelley,]
these States can be reduced to subjection by star- U he stands m a very unenviable position before the
country; for he said, in a speech made in this
Hall a few days since—
u When I say loyal, T mean it; as I know no conditions
that may accompany its e.xpie^ion. Tnat loyally which
i< conditional stietches foithaluendly hand to tieason. In-
deed, conditional loyalty is paiual ttea&on.'"
This is certainly a very grave chaige which the
gentleman has made against his colleague. The
quarrel is between them; let them settle it.
While the southern radicals and secessionists
have inflicted their blow by an avowal no longer
to submit to its authority, the unjustifiability of
which act all admit, it becomes us to look and see
whether blows as heavy are not beingstruck by its
professed friends and those who claim to be its
peculiar protectors. For, sir, I have not always
found it to be the case that those who profess the
most honesty are the most honest; that those who
piofess the most bravery aie the most brave; but
the contrary is generally turn. Two proclama-
tions have recently been issued. of date respect-
ively the 22d and 2*4th of September, striking both
j at the property and peisons of individuals, di-
rectly in violation of that Constitution, and tend-
ing to upioot the Government hom its very foun-
dations, and make serfs and slaves of the people.
The proclamation of the President, emancipating
the slaves, so far as his power to issue it is con-
cerned, is as much a violation of the Constitution
as v/as the act of secession by the people of any
j seceded State. I do not make this statement sim-
j ply upon my own judgment; but the witnesses I
| introduce to prove it are no less pcisonages than
11 the President of the United States, and the right
arm of Ins Administration, Mr. Sewaid. In his
letter to Mr. Dayton, of date April 22, 18G1, after
the conflict of arms had commenccd, and after the
Picsident had issued his proclamation calling for
seventy-five thousand volunteei s, convening Con-
gress, and commanding the insurgents to disperse
in twenty days—after war, with all its gloomy
horrors, was upon the country—Air. Seward uses
the following language:
<• The condition ot Mavuv in the several States will re-
maul the bimie. whether it [the icvohitionjMieeecdoi fail.
There ii not even a pietext i.-i the complaint ihat ihc (1k-
attccK'd States aie to he eonqncieu bv the United tftaie-sif
the levohuion fail, tor the uchts of the F-tate< and the con-
dition of eveiy huin.ii! beinir m them wiilTern.un <ub|ectto
exactly the <ame |;uv> and hum : of adnnnMi.aion whether
the evolution Fhall ;-uceeed or whethei it -hall tail. It is
ha'dly neee<-aij to add to this-incontestable f=taiempiit the
in.tlx r lact that the new President, a- well a' the citizens
![nou!_'h who-e ^ulTi.iic^ he ha^ come into the adnums-
tiatiou, has ahvau lcpudiated all d'^nriw whatever and
whenevei nnputed to lnm and them oi diMitrhin<! thes>^
teni of flawi v a^, it exMinc nivha tise Uon->tit<Hinn and^
JavN. T!',e c-a~-e,howevet, would not be lulls p>evented if
i wie to omit to s y that any -nc!i elibiton his pail would
he uuconsitintional, and all his. actions in that dnection
would be pievcnted by the judicial nufhoiitj, even tiioufrh
tliey weic ^jeuted toby Congie&s and the jjeople.1'
Mr. Seward thus announced that the condition
of slavcrj'" in the several States will remain just
the same after the war as before, and that the rights
of the States and every human being in them Will
remain subject to exactly the same laws and forms
of adminihliation after the war as before. IN'Ot
content, with this emphatic language, he says the
statement announced by him is an incontestable
one, and undertakes to speak directly forthe Pres-
ident and the citizens who elected him, and adds
that " they have always repudiated all designs
whatever and whenever imputed to him and them
of disturbing the system of slavery," &c. This
!i is very strong and unmistakable language. Yet
|[ Mr. Sewaid, tearing lest it might by possibility
i: be misunderstood, proceeds to say, ns if desirous
i | ef putting on the enp-stone, and writing it &o plain
j[ "that the wayfaring man, though a fool, might
j j understand," procec ds to say that the case " would
[j not be fully presented weie I to omit to say that
jj auysucb eifort on his [the Purulent'*] part would
!j ho unconstitutional, and all his actions in that
b direction would be prevented by the jud"'ial au-
:i thouty, even though they were assented to by
|! Congress and the people.55
i' Now, sir, J have charged that the proclamation
j! of Mr. Lineoln emancipating slaves js m direct
'j violation of the Constitution and every punciple
heretofore piofessc-d by him, and have introduced
;| Mr. Seward, when speaking for himself, the Pres-
!| ulent, and the people who elected him, to prove
|; it. I think, sir, tiie case is made out, and shall
ji not, theiefore, attempt to draw an argumenttrom
the Constitution to support the position I have
assumed, that this proclamation is m violation of
it, and wholly without warrant.
