1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
the very outset of this rebellion declared that he
■was opposed to all coercive measures; and he has
from that day to this invariably and steadily pur-
sued that line of policy, and has opposed all those
measures which tended directly or indirectly to
the suppression of this rebellion by force of arms.
The Senators who have entered into this discus-
sion on the other side are the gentlemen from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Powell,] the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] and the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Carlile.] There was a vote here one day
last week on a bill to provide the ways and means
to carry on this Governmentand for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion—a measure to provide money
to pay for the support of the soldiers in the field,
to give them food and clothing and supplies. There
were four votes against it, and who were they?
I have the record by my side. Mr. Carlile, Mr.
Powell, Mr. Richardson of Illinois, and Mr.
Wall of New Jersey. Those were all the Sen-
ators who voted against granting supplies and fur-
nishing the ways and means to suppress this re-
bellion. Three of those gentlemen have been the
principal parties who have entered into this dis-
cussion on the other side.
Now, sir, I do not think there is any difficulty
in understanding how men stand here. The Sen-
ator from Missouri says that we here in Con-
gress must be united or we cannot suppress this
rebellion; and he says then that this rebellion
must be suppressed by force of arms. Does he
not know very well that the Senator from Ken-
tucky does not wish to suppress this rebellion in
that way ? Does he not know that it is utterly
impossible to create any union here on this ques-
tion, and why? Because we radically differ m
this proposition.
The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] a few moments since said that when the
Senator from Illinois goes up to the State of New
Hampshire to enter into the political discussion
winch is going on there, he wanted him to tell the
people that this rebellion was a causeless i ebelhon.
I do not see the Senator from Illinois in his seat;
bull wish he would tell the people of New Hamp-
shire another flung. I hope lie will explain to
them why he voted against providing the ways
and means to pay New Hampshire soldiers, to
support them in the battle-field, to provide for their
maintenance in iheir efforts to put down this re-
bellion;#and 1 think when he undertakes to explain
that vote away, he will not make many votes for
the Democracy in New Hampshire.
The Senator fiom Kentucky the other day took
great exception to what was said by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] because he
denounced that Kentucky peace convention as a
traitorous convention. He objected to being de-
nounced by abolitionists, as he called them, and
he said that he expected always to be denounced
by members of that party. If he does not like to
be denounced by the Senator from Massachusetts,
perhaps he will not object to having that conven-
tion denounced by a Demociat; a war-worn Demo-
crat; a Democrat whose garments arc all covered
with the dust and smoke of* battle; a Democrat
who lias h*d the conquering hosts of the North
n^amst the traitors who aie seeking to subvert
this Government and to destroy it. I mean Gen-
eral Rosecrans. If I understood the Senator from
Kentucky conectly, he said this treasonable con-
vention in Kentucky were for peacc, fora cessation
of hostilities. I have here an extract from a loiter
recently written by General Rosecrans, m which
lie says:
" I am amazed that any one could think of peace on any
teams'. He who entertains tlio M'tiUmenr i> fit only to be ;i
*lave. He who utter* it at tins time, moieovei, n a tiaitor
to Ins country, and deserves the seoin and contempt of all
honoiablc iikii."
That is not abolition authority. That is the
Utterance of a patt lotic Democi.it who is not found
denouncing alt the efforts and measures of this
Administration to put down tins rebellion, but
who, when it bioke out, loving his country better
than he loved paity, seized his sword, and at the
head of the gallant men of the North wext rushed
forth to defend his country at the peril of his life.
This is not abolition authoiity, although I do not
ihink it is any better than if General Rosecrans
had been an aboliuonist. Although lie went into
the war a Democrat, I think he n ill come out a
pretty good abolitionist before he gets through
with it.
Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky the
other day alluded to some elections that were to
come off, and he predicted that the same result
would be witnessed in New Hampshire and Con-
necticut which had taken place in the States of
New York, and Illinois, and Indiana. Now, sir,
that is the only cause and reason for this discus-
sion, in my judgment. I believe that the only
object of it on the part of the Senators who have
entered into it, who vote against our supplies,
who vote against every means to put down this
rebellion, who are quibbling at every little thing
they can get hold of for the purpose of creating
a popular prejudice against this Administration,
is to create a diversion in the North and a dis-
traction of the popular sentiment. As to the con-
vention which met in the State of Kentucky the
other day, i believe, as General Rosecrans be-
lieves, it was a treasonable convention. I believe
that the objects and purposes of that body were to
destroy this Government, to render aid ami com-
fort to the enemies.of this Government, and that
all who sustain them, either here or elsewhere, are
opposed to the maintenance of the Union. I agree
with the Senator from Missouri when he says
that the Government cannot recede from its pres-
ent position; that this war must be carried on;
that to withdraw our forces from the field would
be to submit voluntarily to the destruction of this
Union; and yet I disagree with him when he ex-
pects a united North. Sir, we have traitors here
as well as traitors in the South. We have men
here who sympathize with treason, as well as in
the South, and 1 am for employing all the force
of this Government for the purpose of putting
down the traitors of the North as well as thetrai-
tors.of the South.
Mr. President, a good deal has been said here
to-day, and much was said in the discussion of
Satuiday last, about the abolition influence of the
East and of the patriotism of the great Northwest,
as it is called. I do not believe that there is any
portion of this Union more thoroughly attached
to this Government, more thoroughly opposed to
treason, more hostile to this rebellion, than the
people of the Northwest. And I am quite certain
that the people of New England, even, do not more
thoroughly hate slavery than theiryounger breth-
ren of the West. The people of the Northwest
are lovers of liberty and of that lofty justice which
revolts at every species of human oppression and
wrong. And I do not believe cither that there are
any people in the Union who are more willing to
enter into every and all measures to put down this
rebellion than the people of. the Northwest; and
when the Senator from Kentucky talks about the
people of that section opposing this Government
in consequence of arbitrary political arrests or of
the emancipation proclamation,! think he is very
much mistaken.
The Senator from Illinois, some two or three
weeks ago, introduced a petition here from a cit-
izen of Galena, a man whom I know very well
and have known for a great many years, one M.
Y. Johnson, who was arrested and carried to Fort
La Fayette. I was not present when the facts trans-
pired which led to his arrest, but I do know what
was generally understood to be the cause of it.
This man Johnson was thoroughly and radically
opposed to all the measures of the Ad mi rust ration,
and all the measures of the Government to sup-
press the rebellion. Ho even made speeches urg-
ing men not to enlist into the Army of the United
States. He used all the power and influence winch
he possessed to retard the (government in raising
an army, and in supporting it after it was raised.
I think that while that person might not have been
guilty of treason under the Constitution of the
United States, his whole conduct was detrimental
to the interests of the Government, and he should
have been arrested, and the only objection I make
to the action of the Government in this regard is
that they discharged him. I think he ought to
have been kept where at least he could do no harm.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator from Min-
nesota is certainly mistaken in his information in
regard to Mr. Johnson. Mr. Johnson, 1 think,
states very positive!y in his communications to
the President of the United States, and to the Sec-
retary ot War, that he had made no speeches and
done no act in opposition to the Government. I
think that if the fact had been as the Senator sup-
poses, we have a law under which Mr. Johnson
could have been tried and punished. So far from
his having done those acts, I think that the Sen-
ator will find, when he comes to investigate the
facts, that the Administration, the executive part
of the Government, had no accusations against
him—none whatever. He sought of those who
had him in confinement, both at Fort La Fayette
and at Fort Delaware, and subsequently after his
leleasc, for the charges which were made against
him, and none were made except this, that some
prisoner in piison at Fort La Fayette charged him
with some conversation upon which was based a
charge on which he was sent to Fort Delaware.
This is a matter, however, that it is not very im-
portant here to controvert, for the Senator's state-
ments will go to Mr. Johnson, and he can contro-
vert them there. If the Senator's infoimation in
reference to the conduct of Mr Johnson be cor-
rect, they could have tried Mi. Johnson in the
courts of Illinois for this offense. ! am not to bo
told that it is not an offense against the laws as
they now exist to resist the levying of armies for
the purpose of preserving the Government; and
if the statements the Senator makes hern to-night
are correct, there were causes enough to put Mr.
Johnson on his trial without sending him to the
forts and then turning hiru loose without giving
him information of the offense with which lie was
charged.
Mr. WILKINSON. I stated that I was not
there, and of course am not personally acquainted
With the facts, but I am very familiar with a great
many men in that section of the country, and I
have seen a great many of them since this arrest
took place, and have learned these facts from men
of character, position, and standing. I do not sup-
pose that this man resisted the authoiity of the
Government by force; I do notsuppose that he, by
any force, resisted the Government or committed
what is called an overt act; but I do suppose that
so far as his influence was concerned, so far as
what he could say and the influence he could exei t
upon others went, he did oppose the Government
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I will state to him that the only accusa-
tion made against Mr. Johnson and Mr. Sheahan
(and if the Senator will direct his attention to it
he will find that to be the case) was that Mr.
Johnson and Mr. Sheahan, as attorneys, brought
a suit against some person, I do not know about
what, piobably about some false imprisonment,
and it was because they were prosecuting that suit
that they were arrested. 1 cannot eontiovert the
Senator's statement. He may have been informed
of this, that, and the other, but if those persons
who ai rested him did not know the facts stated by
the Senator, I take it for granted that they did not
exist.
Mr. WILKINSON. Itis immaterial, so far as
that particular case is concerned, whether it is so
or not. The idea I mean to convey is that there
are a great many ways in a rebellion of this mag-
nitude m which a party can oppose the Govern-
ment without committing those overt acts which
render htm liable loan indictment for treason. I
think the Constitution says that nobody shall be
condemned for treason except for an overt act
against the Government, levying war against it,
or rendering aid or comfort to its enemy in time
of war. There are a thousand ways in which a man
can retard the operations of this Government, if
he is a man of influence, without tendering him-
self liable to a charge of treason under the terms
of the Constitution
But, sir, this is all aside. I do not propose to
argue these questions at all. They have been
argued over and over again. The simple question
is heie: there are a large number of people in the
North who wish to embarrass and stop the opera-
tions of the Government in every possible way;
they do not tiy to distui b treason; they do not use
their great ability and taknt to put down this
rebellion; they do not come up and vote the ways
and means to supply our armies; they vote against
them all; but thev are very enthusiastic when they
think the Constitution is to be infringed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator allow -
me to interrupt him again?
Mr. WILKINSON. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understood that prior
to my coming in just now, the Senator had num-
beied me in the list of those opposing supplies for
carrying on the war. I stated to the Senator the
other day, and I avail myself of this opportunity
to repeat to the Senate what I stated to him whtfh
