264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I understand the
gentleman to admit that Governor Gamble was
at one time in favor of these assessments?
Mr. HALL. I stated that I understand he dis-
claims ever having been in favor of them.
Mr. WICKLtFFE. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Illinois one question. Suppose it is true
that Governor Gamble was in favor of these assess-
ments, does that make them right?
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 think they are right
anyhow.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I can tell the gentleman,
if he wants to know, how those assessments ori-
ginated in St. Louis.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My question was,
whether Governor Gamble did not favor them*
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I can tell the gentleman
who originated them, if he wants to know.
Mr. WASHBURiNE. The gentleman from
Missouri has answered my question.
Mr. NORTON. I was saying that as this is
a novel mode of assessing and collecting taxes,
wholly unknown now in the free States, I pro-
pose to state how it it is done. A military com-
mandant orders that a county be assessed so
many dollars, according to his will. The officer
in command appoints two or more commission-
ers to select the citizens of the county who shall
pay it, and to say how much each person thus se-
lected shall pay, and when it shall be paid, if not
paid after notification at a certain time, the prop-
erty of the delinquent is seized by the military,
and sold for what it will bring, till the sum is real-
ized. Acts like these are not calculated to restore
peace or give quiet. It is no answer to these
wrongs to say, even if the fact were so, that the
persons thus assessed have been guilty of crime,
even that of treason, and therefore have no rights
under the Constitution to be respected. The
courts of that Slate, since these pi oceedings have
been inaugurated, have always been open for the
punishment of such persons. Reasoning of that
kind in justification of ii regularities and wrongs
of this description has been heard on this floor
almost daily. Such has not been the view of the
Administration, for Mr. Sewaul, on the (>th of
May, 13G1, in in« letter to Mi. Clay, uses the
following language bearing on this point:
The I'rer-ident wjII not foeret. not will ho allow you to
forget, that lie i* the magnate ot' the insuirectionarv as
he h alhO of the loyal Slates ; and in all In* dealing con-
cerning the plotters aiiln-, and abettor-, oi' this gieat eon-
spuaey, ho will constantly i('member that the jn-oplo. in
wbot-e name they act, ami who.se power they abuse, aie
still citizens ot the Republic."
This language, sir, was applied to the people
of the rebellious* States; and if citizens of tlio Re-
public, then ate they entitled to all the lights of
citizens.
Tins declaration of sentiment wa« made by Mr.
Seward in reference to the people of the seceded
States, Ifregaided ns eiti/.ens,as lie announces
them to be, then, if guilty of crime, even the high
crime of treason, are they entitled to the consti-
tutional light to be heard before the courts of the
country, before condemnation is pronounced, or
punishment, either personal or pecuniary, is in-
flicted upon them. This is according to princi-
ples of common justice, as well as in accordance
with correct legal principles, well deiined and un-
derstood. When a citizen isdepnved of hh-.nghts
of peison or property ju any other mode than that
prescribed by the laws of the land, he will regard
the act as the act of a tyrant, and never admit its
justice or its right.
Mr. ARNOLD obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 rise to a point of order. I
rose first, and was entitled to be recognized by (he
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the practice of the House, us he understands it,
has been for the Chair to designate who shall be
lecognized as entitled to the floor. The Chair
recognized the gentleman fiom Illinois. Tin*gen-
tleman from Ohio raises the question of order that
he rose first and is entitled to the floor. The
Chair overrules the point of order. From that
decision the gentleman fiom Ohio takes an appeal.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point is that I rose firdt,
arid i ask the Chair whether he did not see me,
and whether ho did not discriminate against moJ
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair be sustained as the judg-
ment of the committee
Mr. ARNOLD. I will relieve the gentleman
from Ohio and the Chair from any difficulty by
yielding the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will,however,
have the rule read on which he bases his decision.
The Clerk read the rule.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That rule
is never enforced in this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not the point.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to the gentleman from
Illinois yielding the floor, unless he yields uncon-
ditionally.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must yield ji
unconditionally if he yields, objection being made. I
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I do not !,
deem it my duty to sit here and allow remarks 1
such as those to which we have just listened to ;
go to the country unanswered. 1 am as willing |
as any gentleman in this House or out of it can ;
be that every man in thiscountry shall be entitled j1
to his convictions, and shall on all proper occa- j!
sions be free to exercise his right of uttering them, j J
I concede the utmost freedom of opinion and the >l
utmost freedom of speech here and everywhere /
else in this country, holding that myself, and all 1
others, should be liable only for its abuse. There 1
is, in my judgment, no duty more incumbent upon
the representative of the people than that of keep- j
ing watch and ward over the safety of the Repub-
lic when it is endangeied, and assailed even in the '
house of Us friends. The speech, sir, to which ,
we have just listened, disguise it as you may,
sanction it by what par ty names you will, is a lame
and most impotent apology for the most wicked, j
infamous,andinexcusab!c rebellion ever witnessed ,
among the children of men. We are not, I trust, :
expected to sit silent here under utterances of this j
sort. If they had sprung hot fiom the biain of the j
g.-ntleman by leason of any sudden excitement of ;
passion, I could possibly find some palliation for |
I j them, though sudden excitement could not pos- '
i! sibly furnish occasion or excuse for his speech; i
H but when he has conned it all over in the privacy i
of his chamber, when he has reduced it dtdibei- j
atcly to manuscript, and comes here and reads it 1
deliberately in tile hearing of the Representatives j
of the people, it is fit that it should be denounced [
as unlit to be uttered by a Representative of the i
people m their Capitol. j
The gentleman starts out by saying that those i
to whom the people have intrusted, for the time
being, the executive depaitment of the Govern-
ment, are, alt of them, more intent upon saving
a party than upon saving the countiy. I would
like to know who constituted the gentleman from
Missouri judge in that behalf, and especially by
what law is he authorized to condemn first and j
hear nfferwards? How does it come to pass that 1
he assumes the right to arrive suddenly at the '
conclusion by him so oraculai ly announced ? ) f :
the gentleman thinks so, however, he has the right ,
to utter that opinion; but I trust the gentleman I
will allow me to say that, in my judgment, his .
oilicial acts should bear witness to the fact that
su«-h is ins honest conviction. If the gentleman '
b< heves the chaigc which he makes, I submit that 1
it is liis duty to present articles of impeachment, j
for tin- consideration of this House, against the I
civil oiTieets to whom he refers m the executive :
d"paitment of the Government. I cannot better j
charactuizc the gentleman's speech than by call- j
ing it a speech in favor of the rebellem, much i
more appi opt Kite for the congress in Richmond 1
than for the Congress of the Republic. The gen- !
tieman, in his remarkable speech, deliberately i
wrott and read to the House the sagacious nnaai k, ,
by way of apology foi the rebellion, as if theio
could b'* any possible apology for it, that, in his
il judgment, if the Republican party had never or-
jj s;uiuzed itself there would never have been any ]
rebellion. I think I have truly quoted the gen- ,
! tieman: certainly I have stated the substance of
! hid voids, lfl have misunderstood, or misstated !
|i him, 1 beg him to correct me now. I understand |
;! the gentleman's sik-nce to assent to what I have :
;; said. He undertakes to say, when the land is
[ i stained all over with blood, that these madmen ,
; wr u Id not have commuted this murder but for the j
fact that a very great portion of the American !
jl peoolo chose to exercise a rightguarantied to them j
II under the Constitution of the United States. Docs 1
he suppose that no party has the right to exist in
the country unless that party first comes humbly
to him, and to these rebels in arms, and asks of
him and them what shall be their utterances, and
what their line of policy?
Mr. BIDDLE. Let me say a word.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a short time.
Mr. BIDDLE. I only want to say that the
warning against the evils and dangers of a sec-
tional party did not originate with the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Norton,] but it originated
with a higher authority, that of General Wash-
ington, in his solemn warning to the American
people, foreshadowing and foreseeing what we
now experience.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for the information. I
have no doubt General Washington said all that;
but the question is, what did he mean by a sec-
tional party? A party that would nationalize
slavery and denationalize liberty r I might refer,
in answer to the question what he meant by a
sectional paity, to that enactment to which he
affixed h.s name under the Constitution of the
United States, as the first President of the United
States. Talk to me about a sectional party ! Talk
i to me about Washington's views on sectional
! parties! We arc walking m his footsteps, and but
following his great example when we enact, as a
: Republican organization, that by the supreme law
i of the land the vast territories of the Republic,
the heritage of the nation, capable of furnishing
' homes for one hunched mi'lion freemen, shall not
' be blasted by the manacled footsteps of the bond-
| man. The gentleman invokes the name of Wash-
; ington against legislating for freedom in the Ter-
j ntorics. Go read the act of 1789. But for that
1 act slavery would not have been excluded from
the public, domain at all. When the gentleman
shall have read it, let him remember this fact, that
Washington,by that sublime act of justice, one of
j the first enactments of the First Congress, pro-
; claimed that freedom was national and slavery
' sectional. The Republican party followed his
! great example by passing and approving such a
I law in 1862. By the act of 1789, under the Con-
| stitution signed by Washington, slavery was
! swept from every rood of the then national do-
' mam forever. Not simply during the territorial
i organization, but forever, until the earth and the
i heavens are no more. Forever, was the word. I
i beg the gentleman to remember that the word was
' forever.
• Mr BIDDLE. Let me again interrupt the gen-
■ tieman from Ohio.
j Mr. BINGHAM. Do not take up much of my
! time.
; Mr. BIDDLE. I will endeavor not to take more
( time than is necessary. The gentleman supposes
j that I am ignorant of the legislation on that sub-
; ject; but it seems to me that Ik; has ascribed author-
' ity exercised under the old Articles of Confedera-
tion to the acts of authouty exercised under the
; Constitution of the United States. That I will
j not elaborate.
j Mr. BINGHAM. I again thank the gentleman
1 for his information.
i Mr. BIDDLE. And his brevity.
' Mr, BINGHAM. I beg leave to say to the
j gentleman, in the language of the decision of the
j Supreme Court, speaking through the mouth of
! the Chief Justice, on the ordinance of 1787, to
: whi'dr the gentleman refers, and which was passed
; under the Articles of Confederation, that that ordi-
: nance perished with the Confederation, and ceased
■ to be law. I want to add this further word: by
| that decision the Supreme Court, by its Chief
Justice, fuither declared:
" That most of the inatci ml provisions and piinciples of
the mx iii tick" of the oulmance of 17S7, not inconsistent
with th..- Const,tution of the United States evet &incc the
: "ili of 1789, have been established law within the
J Northwestern Teintories."
: But. say the court:
u Those pioviMoins owed their legal validity and force,
1 after the Constitution was adopted, and while the territo-
iial iov^i nwnt continued, to the act of Congic^s of Ttli of
Aunn-r, llb'J, wmeh adopted and continued the ordinance
, <>t 1757:" * * h '* ami that in the States
smee lonned in the Ten none*, these ptovistons *-0 fni as
, tV\ have been preserved, owe their validity and authority
| lo the Constitution of the United States, and tin-co'i-titu-
tinn and laws of the iesp<?etive States therein established,
and not to the authority of the oiduiairce* of the old Con-
^edcratlon.,,—Opinion'of Chief Just-ice Taney in Strader et
ah vs. Graham) 10 Howard li., p. 63.
