1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
What wore the most material provisions and j
principles of the six articles of the great ordinance j
thus preserved and made of fall force by the act |
of 1789, under the Constitution, and by the ap- j
proval of Washington? That slavery, otherwise ;
than in pumshmentof cumo, upon due conviction, '
should be forever prohibited within said Territo- j
ries; that no man, either white or black, should ,
be therein deprived of his liberty or property but j
by the judgment of his peers and the law of the '
land; that the inhabitants thejeof—all the inhab-
itants without respect to complexion or birth-—- j
should be always entitled to the benefits of the writ 1
of habeas corpus and of the trial by jury .save when,
by reason of invasion or rebellion, the privilege ;
of the writ should be suspended; and that private j,
property should not be taken for public use with- ;!
out just compensation Such, sir, weie the mate- j;
rial'provisions and piiiiciples of the six aiticles j|
of (he oidinance of 1787, which ceased to be law J
with the perished Articles of the Confederation, b
and which were reenacted by the act of 1789, ]\
under the Constitution, and approved by Wash- ij
ington as the law of all the Territories then pos- ji
sessed. by the Government of the United States. [j
I beg leave respectfully to icpeat that these ar- ;i
tides ceased to be lav/ with the Confederation, and ■
after the adoption of the Constitution only a^aio
became the law of the Territories of the United
States by this act of 3789, approved by Wash-
ington. He approved a law under the Constitu-
tion to denationalize slavi-ty, and foreverexcludo jj
the crime from all the national Territories,and yet !;
we are to be told that by following his grand ex- |i
ample we are sectional, and kindle all over the ji
land the flames of civil war. jj
In this connection allow me to say that Wash- jj
ington and his party, who controlled the first Con- h
gross under the Constitution, took care to cany ]
into the Constitution itself, so far as then recom- ;I
mendation could tfleet that object by way ot ,
amendments to the Constitution, the chief provis- I
ions of the six articles of the ordinance of 1787. 11 j
was under Washington's administration that this j
was done; it was by the first Congress under the j.
Constitution that these articles were embodied in '
the form of amendments to that instrument, and I;
sent to the States for ratification; and it was under !
the great lead of Washington that the States did j'
ratify and make these amendments part*of the su-
pieme law of the land. J
Let gentlemen compare the fifth and juxth ;
amendments to the Constitution recommended in j
1789 with the provisions of the six ariieles of the
ordinance of 1787, and note the fact that these two j
amendments are substantially and almost literally 1
the provisions of the articles of the ordinance. j
Those amendments declare that no person shall
be deptived of life or liberty or property wuhout ■
due process of law, nor shall pnvate property be-
taken for public use without just compensation;
and that in all criminal cases the accused shall
enjoy a speedy and public trial by an impartial ;
jury- Are we to be told, sir, that it ic seeiiotml, j
and" justifies rebellion, if by law we enfoic these !
sacred and just principles of the Constitution in j
the Territories ? No, sir, if such legislation be |
sectional, then is the Constitution sectional and ;
Wash ington and the l^irst Congress were sectional. 1
Mr. COX. I dislike to interrupt the gentleman ^
in such a splendid torrent of eloquence, i-nt he !
will excuse me lor inquiring what his exposition j
is as to what Washington's sectional party is, 1
and what ho meant by it ? !;
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will answer the ^'tttlfman. >;
1 think Washington's idea of a sectional narty i
was a party that undertakes to convert, by m'\ans
of party organization and unconstitutional legis- ;
lation, this great country of ours into the meanest
anstocracy and the most oppressive despotism '
upon the face of ihc earth. 1 think that is what I
lie meant by a sectional party. That is the D< ru- '
ucratic natty of to-day, horn' gentleman near me
says. It is not the Democratic party as it us< d ,
to be in the better days of the Republic. J un-
deistand what the <rentle:Tum [Mr. Cox] means .
by sectionalism; and that is the reason that I have
been careful, by way of oontiast, to show what
Washington meant by it. The gentleman assumes ;
that becalm the Republican party bos seen fit to
follow Washington's example, by declarmg in ,
favor of legislation by Congress for the exclusion
of the institution of slavery from the common Ter- !
ritorica of the United States, that it is a sectional t
party. I suppose a party that would declare for the ■
spread of slavery and for its reenactment in the j
national capital, would, in the gentleman's opin- '
iQii,be national! The gentleman from Missouri
says that but for the declared purpose of the Re-
publican party to exclude slavery fiom the Ter-
ritories, this rebellion could nothave been. Now,
like causes produce like effects; and 1 beg leave
to say that the same causes assigned by the gen-
tleman for this rebellion existed long before the
Republican organization was known among the
political parties of the United States.
The Republican party was organized as a na-
tional party in 1856; and, sir, years before the Re-
publican party was organized in this country, the
Democratic party in every free State of this Union,
and I believe in the State of Delaware additional
thereto, diclared as strongly in favor of Federal
legislation fur the exclusion of slavery from all
the Territories of the United States as ever the
Republican parfv has since done. Why did not
this rebellion arise then 5 When the Democratic
party, in Ohio, years ago lesolved that slavery
was inconsistent with free institutions and unfa-
vorable to their development, and that they would
use all power clearly given by the Constitution to
limit its extension, resti ict its i net ease, and finally
eradicate the evil—that is, take it out by the root—
when the Democratic hor>t in every free State were
carrying their party banners blazing with those
words upon them, how does it happen that this
rebellion did not then kindle into a flame m the
South '
When, long years ago, this was the Democratic
watchword in every free State, " nu extension of
slavery in the Terntones of the United States,"
solemnly adopted, as i believe, by every Demo-
cratic Legislature of every free State, how comes
it that the standard of rebellion was not unfurled
at tin; South. ' Because, I suppose, that patriotic
parry wu-e in the secret service of their masters
at the South.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman want me to
answer that?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. I do not think it
can be answered, except as I have already an-
swered il myself. I said the Democratic party
were in the service of their masters at the South;
they were to catch votes by this ciy for free Tei-
iitones, but use then p iwer so obtained exclu-
siv< ly m ihe service of their masters.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that the
reason why the Demonatie party was not sec-
tion:'! then was because it was nut confined to one
section of the country, lam not now going to
diM'uss what its principles were at that time; they
may have been in favor of that doctrine, or they
may not have been. The gentleman only states
one half of the truth when he refers to certain res-
olutions. But no matter for that; the Democratic
party, as the gentleman knows, never was sec-
tional, no more than the old Whig party was,
from wliMi the gentleman degenerated, if I may
ho permitted to use that expiession: thrrefore, I
say the word section applies tu the locality, and
not to the principle. The Democratic party
ylw:-ys had a national organization, and George
Washington hod the gentleman in his ey, and
gentlemen like him, when he spoke of a sectional
party.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am obliged to the gentle-
man for his information. Now, the gentleman
tells us that a narty is sectional unless the South
agrees to and supports its declared principles—
that is the meaning of what he says. I wonder,
then, as no southern State agreed to that resolu-
tion of the Democracy of Ohio, which was reit-
erated foreign! successive years, that the Democ-
racy of Ohio did not disband their organization
as sectional and unconstitutional. Thegentlemau
f-.xys his party dm not become sectional, and yet
h< f-ays a s< c'lono' party is one that does not find
advocates and support ts in all sections of the
country—thnt does not find supporters south of
Mason and Dixon's line.
Mr. COX. The Democratic organization never
adopted such a v solution.
Air. BINGH AM. The gentleman's declaration
is this, that tii'1 Democratic party never adopted
such a resolution in its national conventions. I
have not said that it ever adopted this resolution
m national con vention. Thy t is a cunning arrange-
ment. This Democratic national party adopted
one set of principles for local purposes and for
| northern cffect, and quite another set of principles
! for national purposes and for southern eSecl, so
that when they put a candidate upon the ticket,
they could proclaim in the South owly what they
resolved in Baltimoie, and in Ohio only what they
resolved in Columbus.
1 understand, now, how it comcs that for so
many years the northern Democracy could op-
pose and resolve against the extension of slavery
and not become sectional.
Mr. COX. I desire toaskthegenileman whether
he was not beaten in his canvass for Congress be-
cause he belonged to a sectional party?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think the gentleman should-
not ask a question like that; but I answer the gen-
tleman that I do not believe I was beaten at all,
but simply swindled out of the election. The dis-
trict in which I got some ten thousand votes my-
self, and which had^scnt, I am informed, about
nine thousand men to the war, is reported and
certified to have increased its Democratic vote
over that of any former election. According to
the returns m that district, the more of its citizens
that volunteer and go to the war, the larger the
Democratic vote, in the aggregate by reason of the
absence of thousands of its voters in the battle-
field on election doy. I beg the gentleman further
to remember that no county of the district which
J 1 represent has, either at the last election or any
,! other, repudiated me or my principles. Let the
I gentleman put that in his pipe and smoke it.
ij Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman 
!i Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir, with great respect
i to the gentleman, I cannot yield. I think I have
answered him satisfactorily as to the election.^ I
j; had rather make my record according to justice
and right and stand by it, though I should never
;i more leccive the vote of mortal man on this
'' earth, than, for the sake of votes, craven-like
i gnaw away my own heart-strings, stifle my con-
l: victions, and consent that under the Constitution
'j of my country, endangered by this wild and wicked
il rebellion, these armed rebels should hold any mo I'-
ll tal man in bonds to dig their.trenches,groom their
horses, grow their bread, charge their guns,and
aid them to murder in cold blood the defenders of
our flag and our homes. Let those who clamorfor
the rigTits of armed rebels under that Constitution
which they have violated and seek to destroy take
notice how they stand in the hereafter, when jus-
tice, the avenger of wrong and the vindicator of
right, shall pronounce judgment upon us.
Air. Chairman, we have heard the remark made
here to-day that if the gentleman from Missouri
had the power he would disband both armies and
ask a national convention. If nothing else than
this had occurred in this Congress upon this ques-
tion, I should treat it as a remark made by the
gentleman withoutdueconsideration. JGutl think
I see a kind of side-bar arrangement here among
those gentlemen who pretend they are the sole
defenders of the Constitution, by which they are
to get up a national convention in aid, as thegen-
tlemau declares, of these rebels.
I do not think, sir, that a national convention
under the Constitution can be extemporized in
the way suggested by the gentleman. I should
like to know of the gentleman fiom Missouri
[Mr. Norton] how he would ask for a national
conversion to amend the Constitution?
Mr. NORTON. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, in n fere nee to the calling of a national
convention, ts plain and specific in its terms, and
!i 1 would call for that national convention in the
j I mode designated by the Constitution of the United
,i States.
j; Mr. BINGHAM. I should like to know how
1\ the gentleman-would call for a national conven-
1 tion through the State Legislatures. The State
jj Legislatures, as I understand, can impose upon
ji the Congress of tin United States, whenever two
\ thirds of them think fit to do so, the obligation to
|! call a national convention. But how the gentle-
i' man would cnll for a national convention through
!' the State Legislatures is a thing which I do not
j' comprehend. What right has he to call on the
! State Legislatures fora national convention; and
| if he has, what right have the State Legislatures
il to do u? They simply call on the Congress of
ji the United States to order a national convention,
:i and when two thirds of the Legislatures of the
'j States have done it, Congress is bound to obey
j| their mandate. I should like to know of the gen-
ii tloman also how he desires to amend that sacred
