1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
120$
language of the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. SAULSBURY. i had occasion,Mr. Presi-
dent, on ft former day, to discuss somewhat fully
the question of the power of the President to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, and also the pro-
priety of the policy which lie has adopted of arrest-
ing citizens in States without warrant where the
courts of justice are open, and in which the laws
can be fatthfuily and freely administered. 1 shall
not enter upon the discussion of that question to-
night. Senators need not be apprehensive that I
am going at this late hour to detain them any
considerable time, for I shall not discuss the vari-
ous questions referred to by the Senator from
California, but shall try to confine myself to a very
brief statement of the objections I have to the bill
now under consideration.
I regard the bill not in the light that it seems
to present itself to its friends. Already the whole
power of the Government has been placed at the
disposal of the President by the passage of the
bill commonly called the conscription bill. The
Treasury of the United States has b< hi placed at
his disposal; and now the proposition is made in
the Senate, a proposition which 1 presume will be
adopted by them, and which will be adopted by
the other House, to place at his absolute will the
liberty of every citizen in the United States of
America. And yet, sir, it is said that we live in
a free country; that every man is safe; that harm
will come to no man's door; that we are still to be
blessed with the genius of American liberty, and
that we may all quietly sit under out vines and fig
trees, none daring to hinder us or make us afraid.
It is thus wo mock ourselves and attempt to delude
our countrymen. "Why, sir, never was Roman
dictator clothed with so absolute power—purse,
sword, law, all prostrate at the will of the Execu-
tive of the nation.
Sir, I have no taste for that kind of discussion
which has no nobler characteristic than the im-
puting of improper motives to others. I have no
sympathy with that kind of spirit which in order
to whitewash itself must find fault with the mo-
tives and actions of otheis; and I shall not, though
this has been done by some, enter upon a defense
of my loyalty, or acknowledge the arraignment
which any Senator may choose to make, imperti-
nence may answer itself, and ignoiance find en-
lightenment as best it caii. I answer to the people
of my State and to my God and to my own con-
science for that; and it matters not 10 me what
may be the judgment of others, and especially of
those who seek to divert public attention from
their disloyalty to the Constitution by professions
of loyalty to a despotic Administration. But, sir,
if to be opposed to placing sueh absolute power
in the hands of jny nan that the God of heasen
ever made be disloyal, then I avow here and every-
where that I am opposed to placing any such
power in the hands of any man that now lives,
and could 1 summon from the dusty grave any
patriot of the past 1 would not intrust lutn with
that power.
Mr. President, I will notice one personal allu-
sion that was made to myself, and I will pass then
to the consideration briefly of some of the pro-
visions of this bill. The Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, for some purpose or other, I know not what
it may be; for the purpose of filling ouiaspeech,
perhaps, on this occasion, alluded to me. 1 dui
not know to what formal indictment I was to be
called to plead, what enormous offense it was that
1 had committed. 1 did not know what great aid
and comfort 1 had given to the rebellion th;it 1 was
to be arraigned by that Senator. I was not con-
scious that I had murdered any of the patriot sol-
diers fiom New Hampshire. I was not conscious
that I had sent a message of sympathy to Jeffer-
son Davis, or anything of that kind. Rut from
the manner of the Senator when he commenced
to allude to the Senator fiom Deiawai--, I did not
know but that some one had whispered into his
ear some grave and mighty act of tieason that I
had committed; I did not know but that 1 was
to be arraigned and hold up tafoie th® American
Senate as one of those who had not only sympa-
thy with treason, but as one who had actually
committed it myself. But lo and behold ! the in-
dictment was fumed, and it was rend, read in the
presence of the American Senate, taken down by
the reporters; and what was it? That the Senator
from NcwHampehire had some time or other been
in a hospital in the city of Washington, and there
had seen a soldier dying, which soldier was from
the State of Delaware, and the Senator from Del-
aware had not mtioduced a resolution in the Sen-
ate about it. That was the charge, the whole
charge. Protesting against the jurisdiction of the
self-constituted tribunal and the self-appointed
prosecutor, I nevertheless plead guilty. I did not
introduce any resolution into tiie Senate about that
soldier. I did not know that he was there. I
hope the charity and benevolence of the Senator
from New Hampshire were not so circumscribed
as to be exhibited only toward New Hampshire
soldiers, but that he gave some crumb of comfort
or whispered some consolatory word in the ear of
the dying soldier from Delaware.
So much,sir, for all personal allusions. Now,
Mr. President, what does this bill propose? ^ 1
believe when the Romans were about to clothe
one of their citizens with absolute power in order
that the republic might suffer no detriment, they
limited the duration of his office, I think peihnps
it was to a year. My leading m respect to that
matter in, however, not very fresh, but 1- think
there was some limitation in the imperial grant to
the Roman dictator. This has no limitation on
it as far as you and 1 can determine.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois provides that—
During the present lebellion the President of the United
Suites, whenever in his> judgment the public safety may
rcqune it, is anthoiized to su-pend by proclamation the
privileges ot the writ ot'habeai coipns in all ea^es of poiilieal
ofl'enses, tinoughout the United States or any pait thereot.
Never, sir, was Camillus invested with such
power; never was any Roman dictator clothed
with such power as that. The power is to con-
tinue "during the present rebellion." Jt has lasted
now for two years. The most sanguine suppoi ter
of this Administration, 1 presume, scarcely in-
dulges the hope that it will be ended in the next
two yeais, if the policy they are pursuing shall
continue. They are providing for calling forces
into the field for tlnee years. I presume there is
not a citizen of the United States who supposes
that, unless some other mode of adjusting our
sectional differences can be devised, it is going to
cease in two yeais. Then, sir, this absolute power
with winch you propose to clothe the President
of the United States has aheady extended twice
as long as the period of tune during which the
Roman dictators were clothed with it, and your
bill provides that it shall extend at least four tunes
as iongas ihat.
Cm, Mr. President, this bill further provides:
Ami whenever and wheievei tliG said pnvilegps «lial! lie
"-impended, Oi- al'oiorud, no military or oihei oliicei -hall
be. compelled, in atiswei to uny win of kahuwicoii>us,\o io-
uitu the bod\ ot nnv pei^on or pewms detained by linn by
aulho] ity o! the Pie'-ideM; but upon the ceiufieate, under
oath, of'the olfieei having eharg" of anv one so detained,
that *aa.h per->OM detained b\ htm as- a political pu-oner,
oi a< a pn-onei ot wai.uadei amhoutvol the President,
luilhei ptoeeedui^ under the wnt of habeas rotpus «>haH
he suicided by the .indue or couu hrmni: i-^u-'d ihe Mid
wi it, .-o long as s.ud proclamation shall remain m foice and
said icbeliion continue,.
Senators on the other side of the Chamber seem
to think that this is all right. They do not seem
to wake up to the effect of the absolute power
that is thus placed at the disposal of the President
of the United States. Their bill does not define
what a political offense is, but provides that if one
of the citizens of the United States be arrested,
and a return is made to a writ that he is held as
a political prisoner, his liberty is gone. Why,
sir, even if the circumstances by which we are
surrounded were such that jt became necessary,
in older to save the nation ft om destruction, that
these vast powers should be placed in the hands
of one man, should not the citizen who is to be
affected by this bill be informed what a political
offense is, so that he may avoid us commission ?
Who is to determine whether a poliljeal offense
has been committed or not? Is a loving commis-
sion to be given to your provost marshals scat-
teied all over the United States, in every county
of the United States, m every township of the
United States, in every hundred ot every county
in the United States, making them the judges as
to what shall constitute a political offense: Ihey
may be mistaken, even if they aie honest; they
may certify that the party is detained foi a politico i
offense, or"is apolitical prisoner, and the citizen's
liberty is gone foiever, and gone because some
ignorant provost marshal has chosen to determine
that he has done something which amounts to a
political offense.
Now, sir, Senators seem to be surprise# that
those opposed to this bill shoujd be alarmed at
the extraordinary power which it confers. Let
me refer to a few cases in order to show what has
been determined to be a political offense by some
of those subordinates, with the approval of this
very trustworthy Administration. 1 refer now to
my own State, and 1 refer to the case to which
reference was made by the Senator from Ne\v
Hampshire, the case of Dr. Laws. It has transF*
nired what it was that Dr. Laws was placed in
Fort Delaware about. Oh, the grave offense 1
What do you suppose it was? The affidavit has
been seen; it was made on the day of election,
what we call ourjittle election, four weeks before
our general election, made by theclerk,of the Re-
publican candidate for Governor ofthat State, and
the affidavit against him was, as I am informed,
that he was politically dangerous to the neighbor-
hood ! That was the affidavit. An election was
about to come off in the State of Delaware; this
gentleman was a voter in the county in which he
lived; his vote might have some effect; his pres-
ence at the polls might have some effect; and this
person who made the affidavit satisfied his con-
science by swearing, not that he was a man who
had committed any offense against the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States, not that he had
given any aid or comfort to the enemies of the
United States, but that he was politically danger-
ous to the neighborhood!
Now, sir, suppose this act had been in exist-
ence at the time of his arrest, and suppose that
the person who had him in charge should have
returned to the writ of habeas corpus that he was
held as a political prisoner, your bill says that the
proceeding shall thereupon during the rebel-
lion. You do not give io the party arrested the
privilege of traversing the .cturn to that writ;
you do not give him the p- Allege of contradicting
the return to the writ; but .i some ignorant, de-
based creature, who disgraces the earth by the
slime of his track, swears that he is politically
dangerous to the neighborhood, and a return is
made that he is held as political prisoner, his
rights are gone, and gone forever, or at least un-
til you suppress what you are pleased to call a
rebellion.
Sir, 1 am not dealing in fancy cases. These
things have occurred in my own State. We have
a statute of our State making it a high misde-
meanor to burn down a chu *ch or meeting-house. ~
We all know that that ought to be left as a matter
purely of State jurisdiction. Church- 3 will take
fire; meeting-houses will take fire; and in one of
the counties of my State a negro meeting-house
was burnt down, whether by design or accident
1 never knew, and nobody else I presume ever
knew. That was regarded by the slave-freeing
patnots of the present day as a political offense;
and some, I do not know how many, but several
honest, humble farmers in the neighborhood were
anested by the military in that State, and some
of them 1 have understood were carried as politi-
cal piisoncrs as far as Wilmington.
Now, sir, suppose that this meeting-house had
been burnt down subsequent to the passage of this
act, and the person making thcarresthad returned
to a wnt at' habeas corpus sued out by one ot the
parties that he was held as a political prisoner,
your niil says that thereupon proceedings should
have been stopped during the icbelhou, and the
return could not be tiaversed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator is making
a speech on the woids "political offenses," J will
: state that I propose to strike those words out.
i Mr. SAULSBURY. I am discussing the bill
| just as it is.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated to-day that I was
I willing to strike out those woids, and proj-oee to
do so.
; Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the Senator had
t better do so.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be just as satn>-
1 factory to me not to limit the suspension of the
! writ.
; Mr. CARL1LE. It should be said what it is
I suspended for.
i Mr. S \ ULSBURY. I referred to the words
' as I found them in the amendment proposed by
|| the Senator from lllmois, and I was trying to ex-
II hibit them in. their true light to the country. In
