266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
instrument? I thought his party of late claimed
to be " for the Constitution as it is and the Union
as it was."
Mr. NORTON. I said in ray remarks, as I
say now, that, had I the power, I would disband
both armies in the field, and call a national con-
vention. In reply to the interrogatory of how I
would call a national convention, I say that 1
would solicit the calling of that convention by the
State Legislatures. I do not profess nor claim to
have thepower to call a national convention. The
gentleman is misinterpreting or misunderstanding
the nature and effect of tho remarks which I made.
The Legislatures of the States have aright to call
on the Congress of the United States for a national
convention.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is just what I said;
but we have no right here, as Representatives,
unt'l the States demand it,tcrdo anything about it.
Mr. NORTON. I do not assume to do it, nor
do I assume to judge of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now I ask the gentleman
what amendments he would have?
Mr. NORTON. That would be a matter which
I would submit to that convention. 1 would sub-
mit to it all the matters m dispute between the two
sections.
Mr. BINGIIAM. A national convention is not
called to settle disputes, but to amend the Consti-
tution.
Mr. NORTON. That would settle the dispute.
Mr. BINGIIAM. But a .substantive amend-
ment of the Constitution would not maintain the
Constitution as it is. I have asked the i>vntleman
what amendments he would June. He cannot
answer; but he would amend and change the Con-
stitution. This is the new lesson taught by the
progress ot this rebellion: amend and change the
Constitution. T remembertho time when the liios
of this rebellion were being kindled, and J think
you do, too, Mr. Chairman; I make the reference
to it with the moie pleasure because I saw in you,
sir, a disposition to do something to tiy to [no-
vide tor the crisis. The Constitution was suili-
cient for the jmrpo.se of ail needful legislation, but
the legislation under it was not sufficient. There
were some of us then who thought that it was
weh to make the legislation adequate to the crisis,
so that the people, without the lestraints of the
law of 1795 upon them, restricting their term of
service as volunteers to ninety days, might be sum-
moned out in their strength for the war, and by
their sublime uprising stumble the rebellion in us
veiy inception, befoie blood had ilowed and be-
fore our flag had been dishonored. Standing in
my place here, in the month of January, Ibol,
while the rebellion v..i^ being organized in thi-?
very city, while companies weie being drilled
midway between the Capitol and the President's
House under cover of daikness,and which after-
wards bore arms against theConsntution in the first
battle in Vnginia, I asked this 1 louse to enact laws
to enable the people to defend under the law their :
ownGovernmenr,and suppressthe rebellion which
assailed it. What was the answer from that side
of the House? Let us amend the Constitution.
Lotus settle tb" ditiiculties by amending the Con- '
stitulion." And then- were amendments after
amendments introduced heie during that period
for the puipose of changing that instrument from ,
what Madison said it was, "a great charter of
human liberty,'' into a wi itten despotism. These
amendments came chiefly Horn gentlemen on that
side of the House; ami yet we are to be told that
they ure " for the Constitution a^ it is and fur the
Union as it was "
The gentleman from Missouri, in his speech
to-day. anaigns the veneiabl" chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Moans because lie dared
to say that the Union as it was cannot be oigan-
jzed under the Constitution as it is. That is what
he said. Tile gentleman is opposed to him for
saymg that, and against him his wrath kindles
into fiery indignation.
Where wa* the gentleman and his partv m the '
winter of IrGl, \vh<u this n helhon wvs bemrr
organized a.!! owi the land, w hdo batteries were
being tmik around your doomed Port Sumter?
Why, Mr, they were olfei inq; evei y other day here
amendments to the Constitution, some of which,
for rhcir infernal wickedness, would make even
devils bliHi. When now you shout the Consti-
tution as it is, yon have stolen our thunder, gen- >
tlemen. [Laughter.]
A Votce. Not all of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I stood in my place on that
day, in January. 1361, as my colleague will bear
me witness, appealing to the House that its duty
in that hour was to maintain the Constitution as
it is, and asking these gentlemen what evidence
they bad, if the people would not maintain that
sacred instrument as it is, with all its glorious
tiaditions, that they would rally to its defense and
maintenance after it was marred and mangled with
their pro-slavery amendments. No,sir;this shout
of " the Constitution as it is and the Union as it
was" is an after-thought on the part of some gen-
tlemen here.
In those days it was said, as the gentleman has
to-day said, there is a controversy, a difficulty to
be settled. Sir, there were on thatday no difficul-
ties to settle touching the rebellion; no duty to be
performed by this House, but to pass the constitu-
tional laws necessary to enable the President to
call out the people, arm them, and crush the re-
bellion. The question before us then was simply,
shall we by law authorize the President of the
United States to summon all the people, without
that ninety days' restriction imposed upon him by
the act of 1795, arm them, and let them put down
this rebellion, preserve the Union as it was, and
maintain the Constitution as it was, and thus re-
store peace to the nation as complete as though
rebellion had not disturbed the repose of its
mighty heart. How was I answered ? " Away
with the Constitution as it is," wc must change
it from what it is—asublime and beautiful scrip-
ture— into a homd chaiterof wrong,acceptable to
the demon of rebellion. Who taught you that
lesson ? Who taught you that it was not worth
while on that day to maintain the Constitution
as it is ' I assert that your party, with one accord,
on that side of the House, shouted out—and that,
too, by their acts, winch spoke louder than their
words—that they would not have the Constitution
as it is. Whence came that strange language,
" away with the Constitution as it is, ice will not
live undt r it ?''
Tin ue is a reeotd away down in Alabama or
Missi3->jppi which sneaks volumes on this .sub-
ject. In jS.V), win n t his iobeli.mi was organized
by your Yanecys, and your (Xuitmans and your
Browns, and your Means, and that other Gov-
ernor of South Caiohno, whose name 1 have for-
gotten—like the memory of the wicked, it ought
to rot—I find that when they entered into their
conspitacy they used these woids: " We will not
live under the Constrution of the United States
as 31 is.'' They would not live under it! The
Constitution which Washington gave them was
not fit for gentlemen of their culture to live un-
der. And those gentlenn n who are now for the
Constitution as it is agreed With them that it
was not fit that gentlemen Who had slaves to fan
them while they f-lepl, and who, by some divine
prerogative or other, were pei muted to reap where
they had not sown, and to gather wheie they had
not strewn—men in conspuacy against their coun-
try—should be reijuhed to live peacefully uudei
the Constitution as U is.
Th eso gentlemen of the Democrotlc party con-
cluded they would accommodate them,and change
th° Constitution of the countrv. They would
change it, as I said before, from what thefuthers
of the RepubL" mad'"1 it, a great written chaiter
ot liberty, which is no respecter of persons, which
declares that the poor and the rich, the citizen
and the stra-igei wnuin your gates, are alike sacred
befoie the sublune majesty oi its laws, into a mere
written despotism. They, the conspirators of
Alabama and Mississippi and South Carolina,
said they would chance this written charier of
ours into a def:po!i*m; that the men of the plow,
the loom, and the anvil, th" workers and the
builders, weie but gieasy mechanics and rneiiicd
op'u Utves, the " uiad-^i!!s" of soeictv, unfit to
associate with gentlemen. To accommodate these
gentlemen, to ^ave tb'Tn from such base contam-
ination, the Constitution must be changed or de-
stroyed. To that end this icbeihon is \va<red;
and to the same end the gentleman from Mis-
souri and h'S panyjoin the shout to-day—call a.
convention, and change the Constitution. How '
So that it shall give special and perpetual pro-
tection everywhere to the institution of chattel
slavery, that great crime of the century, which
Washington himself declared was "wicked, cruel,
and unnatural." Change the Constitution, you
say! Let these gentlemen who talk about main-
taining the. Constitution as it is turn back and
ponder upon the amendments that were present-
ed here in Hie winter of 1861, and sought by their
movers and advocates to be here adopted, and re-
ferred to the several States for their approval. If
Congress had then adopted these pi oposed amend-
ments, wc would have heard upon every breeze
that they were necessary to the preservation of the
Union as it was, but not the Constitution as it is.
Sir, about, that time, when some of us were
trying to pass laws to enable our Executive to
call out and arm the people, and put down this
rebellion, this same party that is now for "the
Constitution as it is and the Union as it was,"
met in the capital of my own State, and met in
the great commercial metropolis of the North, the
city of New York, and jointly declaied against
coei e.ion, as the gentleman from Missouri declares
to-day. I quote fiom memory the Democratic
resolution of Ohio, adopted in Columbus at the
Democratic convention, in the month of January,
18GI, when this rebellion was arming for the fray
all over the country. That resolution, sir, was,
in substance and in fact, that whenever the North
shall do justice to the South, then, andnottill then,
would it be time for the two hundred thousand
Democrats of Ohio to consider the propriety of
cocrcing the seceding Slates. And at the other
meeting to which I refeired, in the city of New
Yoik, it was resolved, m substance and in fact,
that the secession of the southe.ni States was a
patriotic endeavor to preserve the Constitution as
it is and the Union as it was against the despot-
ism of Abraham Lincoln that was to be, because
he had not then been inaugurated. This is the
party that comes here to-day and arraigns those
of us who have been trying m an humble way,
and to the best of our ability, to maintain and up-
hold the Government! I am free to admit that
we may mistake our duty under the Constitution.
I ant fiee to admit the light of gentlemen to assail
our measures, and say they are unconstitutional,
if they so believe. 1 am fiee to admit their right
to repeal them, if they think duty and the public
good demand it, whenever they see fit. But I
deny their right to assail our motives in this be-
half, and to assume, as did the gentleman from
Missouri that we are intent upon maintaining a
party icgardless of the interests of our country.
Ay, these gentlemen are for '* the Constitution
as it is and the Union as it was," and yet upon
the other side of the House wc had in February,
1661, one of these amendments to the Constitu-
tion introduced, which in express terms legalized
secession and disunion, and upon its very fore-
front provided for the dismemberment of the Re-
public. Not one word of denunciation came from
that side of the House against tins monstrous prop-
osition. I never heard a word whispered against
it from that side of the House by any man of that
party. And yet that proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States in its first aiticle
provides and declares that 45 'he United States
are divided into foui sections;'' the first section to
consist of the New England States, and New
York, and Pennsylvania, and New Jersey.
Mr. COX. What gentleman does my colleague
refer to?
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague who intro-
duced it.
Mr. COX. Your colleague is not now m his
seat,
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot help that.
Mr. COX. 1 know you cannot. You refer,
1 suppose, to Mr. Vallaxmouam.
Mr. 1H N G H A M. C e r t a i n] y.
All. COX. Well, he does not give the same
interpretation to that measure that you do, and it
is but just to him that you should discuss it when
he is present.
Mr. BINGHAM. Y/dien words are plain, they
n\i an what tiiey say, and admit of no construction
contrary to their clear import. You must follow
them.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Destruction, not con-
struction.
Air. BINGHAM. Well, I do not know about
that. I think the woids and the horrid thought
which they express wore born to be destroyed.
But you require no learned magi to read and in-
terpret this writing. I know that my friend fiom
Kentucky agrees with me in what I say about
those words, and I believe the gentleman from
