268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
section to which the State proposing to secede be- ]
longs. That was a plain provision that any State {
of the section of the South might secede by the |
consent of the Legislatures of the section of the I
South, and without restraint from the Federal
Government or of any free State.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman not to
interrupt me here, for I intend that those gentle*
men who are the guardians of the Union as it was
and of the Constitution as it is shall have the ben-
efit of their position before the country.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague will excuse
me; I mean no discourtesy to my colleague.
Mr. PENDLETON". I understand that, sir.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
excuse me till I get through this matter. By this
amendment, ifadopted, this Union, this one coun-
try of ours, was to be divided into four sections,
one of which was to be called the section of the
South, and was to consist of the fifteen slave States,
and of such additional States as might be there-
after organized within the limits of the same.
Now, sir, it would require the testimony of one
risen from the grave, of whom it could be said
death is past, and he has become immortal and
free from the errors of this mortal life of ours, to
make nie believe for a moment that to incorporate
that proposition into the Constitution would not
dissever the Union and destroy the Government.
Consider, if you please, that at the very time that
proposition was pending in tiie Kouse, at the very
time that it was introduced, mi overwiu lining
majority of the people of that section which it
was proposed should be the section of the South
was in rebellion against the Government. Under
^he Constitution as changed, if this proposition
had been adopted, these rebel States named would
only have icquircd the consent of the Legislatmes
of the said States to secede from the free States and
from cach other.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio the single question whether he in-
tends by that language to imply that any gentle-
man on this side of the House—any Democrat—
except the man who intioduced that proposition
himself, is either responsible for it or indoi^ed its
principles, or that it received the sanction of any
Democrat in Congress or out of Congress?
Mr. BINGEI AM. 1 have not said anything of
that sort yet; and the; gentleman has no tight to
cali upon me to answer such a question until 1 do
so.
Mr. I10LMAN, The gentleman should be a
little more particular about makingcluugcs against
this side of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM, Tim gentleman should he
a little more pnrhcular abonf what i m putauons he
casts upon members—flinging in our faces that
we sot here silently and heaid the mtoi.meos of
the chairman of the Ways and Means Commit-
tee, after we had denounced those utt-'ianccs here.
I am speaking of a fact. And 1 believe unit after
that measure was intioduced, the gentleman fiom
Indiana followed the lead of the irent'leman from
Ohio, [Mr. Valj.axdigiiam,] fto fai as to sign the
call for a Demociatic oi gamzation.
Mr. 110LMAN. Doesnotthegentlemanknow
that, howt ver much I may h-ive approved of the
principles of that msti unient, my name was not
attached to the rail at ail ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not know it. I am
glad to hear U.
Mr. IJOLMAN. And does he not know that
more than a majority ot the members on this side
of the House declined to sign n?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am elad to hear that, too.
Mr. HOLMAN. Because it proposed the re-
organization of the Democratic party, which had
never been disnigamzed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I am not
going to be divested from myremaiks. There
was the proposition. I thi  k there was, prob-
ably, a council held about that time. I do not
believe, Mr. Chairman, that you were present at
that council, anu certainly I wa« not. 1 do not
believe that any of the gentlemen who have stood
by the flag of the countt y were present, I do not
say that my colleague was at it.
Mr. COX. What colleague 2
Mr. BINGHAM. Why, my colleague who
presented the amendment.
Mr. COX. We never heaid of that council.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suspect very strongly there
was a. council held about that time; for if is a. little
extraoi dinary that that proposition to dismember
the CTnion, by way of amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, should, strangely
enough, include in the section of the North nil
the New England States, New Jersey, New York,
and Pennsylvania, and exclude Delaware and
Maryland, which lie side by side with Pennsylva-
nia. It is strange that when they come to make
the section of the West the provision should in-
clude Ohio and exclude your Kentucky, Mr.
Chairman, which lies side by side with Ohio, and
that it should run the line by the boundary of slave
States, and embrace within the southern section
all the slave States in the Republic, providing that
any State mightsocedc by the assent of the Legis-
latures of the section to which it belonged, and
reserving to the President of the United States
only the power to adjust with seceding States all
questions arising by reason of their secession,
and submit the adjustment to Congress for ap-
proval. It seems to me, sir, that mont likely about
that time there was a convocation held in this cap-
ital—if not to advise upon the measure, to con-
gratulate themselves on its introduction.
Those conspirators who have since gone across
the water to conspire with the despots of the Old
World against the life of their native country,
were at that day in this Capitol. That Virginia
Senator who is this day creeping through oil the
lanes and avenues of the Court of St. James, ask-
ing our ancient enemy to strike hands with the
icbels against otn common country, was then
here. That hatchet-faced conspnator from Or-
leans, who is this day trying to make a case for
this rebellion at the Court of St. Cloud, was then
here. That copper-colored gentleman, a lineal
descendant of Judas, and who bears his name,
Judah P. Benjamin, and who, like his ancestor,
was ready to take thirty pieces of silver for the
betrayal of his master, was then here. Although
not admitted into the presence of that council, 1
think I imiy be allowed to say that they cried
" well done" to that proposition of ihe gentleman
from Ohio. L< Von leave out these six New Eng-
land States in the cold." That is a pestilent eoun-
ity. Every mountain and hill is crowned with a
temple of religion, and every vale adorned wi'h
a temple of learning, which stands open fiom the
j using to the setting of the sun for the instruction
of all the children of the Commonwealth.
There is Massachusetts, with the rock of Ply-
mouth, which was made sacred and hallowed by
the footsteps of the Pilgrim Fathers, who came
to lay anew the foundations of civil and religious
hbet t y cU the going down of the sun. Listen and
hear t hat suppressed \\ his per of the conspirators—
"Leave Massachusetts out.5'
The Empire State of New York is not admitted
into this association either; and why not? Be-
cause theie is the field of Saratoga ; because there
is the sacied spot on which v.as first oiganized
the Government of the Republic, and where Wash-
ington, with uncovered head and uplifted hand,
m the picsence of God and his country, swore
that he would preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States. It would not
do to ndmitinto this southern section an Empire
State filled with such kindling reminiscences.
And there i« the battle State of New Jersey;
there are the fields of Trenton and of Princeton;
theie rests the hallowed dust of the brave men
who went down in the, shock of battle, yielding
up their lives in defense of the proclamation of
this new evangel to mankind, " ail men are equal
before the law."' Leave that Stat'-'1 out.
Theie is the Keystone State. "Mv God,''
says Davis, " it will never do to admit "Pennsyl-
vania into the section of the South, for there
stands independence Hall with the very bell
whose tongue summoned the fathcis of the Re-
public first to declare that all men are created
equal, and upon which is engraven with fire the
s'gn by which they conquered, i Proclaim lib-
erty throughout all the laud to all the inhabitants
thereof. ' "
There is no dissent among the conspirators;
the section of the South say they must embrace
the fifteen slave States, an overwhelming majoi ity
of whom had already conspired for the destruc-
tion of the Republic and the overthrow of the
Constitution. Their wish would be realized by
adopting this amendment, which declares and pro-
vides that among themselves they may scccde at
pleasure. Yet the gentlemen who sat in silence
when a proposition of this sort was introduced,
get up and tell us to-day that they are for the Con-
stitution as it is and the Union as it was. Whv,
sir, suppose you adopt this proposition of my col-
league, of which 1 have been speaking, and in-
corporate it into a law, South Carolina, which is
unwiiimg to live m association with any other
commonwealth upon God's footstool, as I believe
—and that is one thing that gives me hope amid
the darkness and storm of this rebellion—just so
soon as this measure of peace was adopted and
the Constitution so amended, would go to war
with her new associates as she did with her o:d
ones; and would send in her petition to Virginia
that she wished to secede.
The several Leaislaturesof this southern section
that we are told of by those who now talk about
sectional panics would give permission, for they
are pledged to the doctnne in advance, and they
would not take back their wotds. The petition
of South Cai oium, I assume, would not be refused,
for it would be said, was it not to secure the right
to secede that the amendment to the Constitution
was ingrafted upon it by this southern section,
and was it not for that express purpose, among
other things, that northern Democrats aided them
in ingrafting that amendment upon the Constitu-
i tionr Yes, they would say, let South Carolina
! go, and go m peace.
i But no sooner has she gone than up comes her
1 sister Geoigia, with her petition also to secede,
! and piesents it to the Legislatures of this south-
■ ern section; and there stands poor old Virginia,
; that " never tires,*' ready to receive and grant
I the petition; there she stands playing the piti-
1 ful part of the parasites of royalty, who bow
i at every nod and simper at every word of their
1 august master. Virginia says to Georgia, " go."
j In like manner Alabama goes; Mississippi goes;
! Louisiana goes; and so with every one of the
j States constituting this southern section—all go
! until the section of the South is but poor old Vir-
■ ginia. And there stands your brilliant, blight,
1 and beautiful amendment to the Constitution. It
! only requires the consent of the Legislatures of
the States constituting the section of the South to
, legalize secession therein, and Virginia having
consented to the secession of every one of those
| associated with herin thesouthern section, under
j your amendment, stands alone consenting to her
; own secession, and petitioning her own Legisla-
ture. That performance would be very much like
i the sublime spectacle of a fellow attempting to lift
, himself over the fence by his own boots. [Laugh-
1 tc-r.]
' A nd so we are to be treated to this sort of amend-
ment to the Constitution, and to be told by those
gentlemen upon the other side of the House, who
have allowed such an amendment to go unchal-
lenged upon the national recotds, that they are
. for the Constitution as it is and the Union as it
was.
Mr. YEOMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Oino to allow me to interrupt him for a moment.
: From the manner in which the gentleman treated
my former question, though courteous in terms,
1 I fear that he was under the impression that I
: sympathized with the mover of the amendment he
! has so eloquently denounced, in his presentation
of it. If such was the gentleman's impression,
I beg fo correct him. The idea I endeavored to
present was, simply, that the men to whom the
gentleman alludes as being now for the Constitu-
tion as it is and the Union as it was, do not stul-
tify themselves necessarily by having on former
occasions favored amendments to the Constitu-"
tion, b(cause the Constitution provides m itself
for its own amendment. I entir* ]ya«rec with the
gentleman m all his denunciations of any attempt
to divide this Union into four sections.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have discovered that these
gentlemen have lately as^erfairu d that there is a
fifth article in the Constitution which provides for
amendments; for in a resolution not long since
offered m this House, they assf rt tjiat they are for
the Constitution as it is, the fifth article included.
The Constitution, I freely admit, provides for Us
own amendment, hut not for its destruction. As
it is, it has been our shield and defense in the past.
Maintain itas it is, and it will shelter and piotect
the coming millions of the future.
