1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont seems to suppose that the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus has nothing to do with the
cases where men have committed crimes. That
is not so at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said it was not at all
necessary for that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is necessary for
that. Suppose a man has committed a crime.
Unless it is a crime that is not bailable ho may
have the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and
get out of prison by giving bail. But suppose the
writ of habeas corpus is suspended, and the man
is arrested for stealing, for larceny, or for any-
bailable offense, could you get him out by a writ
of habeas corpus? If the writ of habeas corpus is
suspended, and a man is taken up for ever so
trivial an offense, although it may be bailable, he
would have to stay ill prison; there is no way of
getting him out. It is true, as the Senator from
Vermont seems to suppose, that if the man had
committed an otlense, there never would be an
occasion to have the writ of habeas corpus sus-
pended.
Mr. COLLAMER. Never.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not agree with the
Senator from Vermont; because the object is to
hold a man in custody often, and not to try him
for that offense if he is a dangerous man to be at
large. He may have committed no crime which
may not be bailable, and yet it may be desirable
to hold him in custody. I will instance a case.
We passed a law within a few days to prohibit
correspondence with the rebels. Suppose a man
is detected in correspondence with the rebels.
That is a crime now, according to the law. Sup-
pose he is arrested and the writ of habeas corpus
is suspended, would lie not have to remain in
prison, and would not the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus have an efficacious effect in that
case and prevent that man from carrying on his
clandestine correspondence? It does not follow
that because a man has committed an offense that
the effect of the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus is necessarily worthless. It may amount
to a great deal by holding a man 111 prison wfeo
otherwise would be entitled to be let at large on
bail.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, Mr. President, 111
relation to that point, if it is true that there might
be important State reasons why you should hold
a man in custody who had committed a crime—
and I can conceive there might be such cases—
the second section of the Senator's amendment
■would defeat that object. It would set the prisoner
at huge and we could not hold him. I have 110
more to say.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. As I understand these
sections, taken all together, the writof habeascor-
pus is absolutely suspended as to all citizens re-
siding in those States where the administiation of
the laws by the courts has been interrupted by
the rebellion; and as to citizens residing in the
States where the administration of law has con-
tinued unimpaired, there itis, you may say, taking
the whole thing together, a modified suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus. It prevents the habeas
corpus from being issued by a State judge or a
State court, or a commissioner of a State couit: it i
prevents anything in the nature of a writ of habeas
corpus being issued by any conrtatall; but it pro-
vides for what in effect amounts to the habeas cor-
pus; it amounts to a discharge of the prisoner ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. After a time.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. Under certain circum-
stances, and after a given time; so that as to those
citizens who reside in the States where the admin-
istration of the laws is unimpaired, the whole ef-
-fect of the bill is a modified suspension, and to
those who reside in the insurrectionary districts
it is an absolute suspension, as I understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the proposed amend-
ment to the amendment, which is to strike out the
second and third sections of the amendment?
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yeas and nays
011 that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows;
VEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Fu-s-
senden. l^oot, I'ostci, Glimos, Harlan, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Sumner, Wade, Walt, Wilkinson,
Wiiiev, and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Carlile,Doolittle,Harris, Hen-
derson, Hicks, Howe, Kennedy, King, Latham, Pcmoroy,
Powell, Rice, Richardson, Saulsbury,Ten Eyek, Trumbull. ,
Turpie, Wilinot, and Wilson of Missouri—20. ;
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding at the endofthe third sec-
tion the following:
Provided, That this act shall continue and be in force
until the 1st of Miucli, 18G4, and no longer.
I have but a single word to say in favor of the
amendment. We are passing bills which are
nothing more than experiments in this country,
and my judgment is that in a year we can test
whether 'they will prove what is desired or not.
In England, when they passed the mutiny act 
Mr. COLLAMER. What time do you fix.'
Mr. RICHARDSON. The lstof March, 1S64.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to that
amendment. [tl Oh, no."] I cannot control it.
It is for the Senate to decide. I should not object
to limiting it to the 1st of March, 1864.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on it. [-'Oh, no."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, and on
that question the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Unless there is objec-
tion to the amendment I withdraw the call for the
yens and nays.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, in the sixth line of the
first section, after the words " habeas corpus" to
insert, " m all cases of treason or kindred offenses
as defined by law."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to amend the amend-
ment in the second section, forty-fifth line, lifter
the word " recognizances," by inserting the words
" with or without surety." I will state that, as
the section is now drawn, a judge may be required
to discharge a man upon Ins own recognizances.
1 want to give him discretionary power to require
sureties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nobody objects to that.
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
second section in the foitieth line after the word
" thereof," by adding to the oath these woids:
" and that he will not hereafter in any way en-
courage or give aid and comfort to the present re-
bellion or supporters thereof."
Theamendment to the amendment'was agreed to.
Mi. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to add to the end of section one the follow-
uig:
1'rovuleJ, That from and after the passage of this act, it
shall not lie lawful lor any officer or servant ot the United
State* to ai re^t or detain any citizen thereof in any pait ot
the United States the inhabitants of winch may not at the
time of the aricat or detention he in a state of insurrection,
who may lie alleged to he quilty of treason or other kindred
ofli'nscs, except upon wan ant issued upon oath or afiiima-
tion of some person or persons particularly describing the
offense charged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on adding these words to the end of the first
section.
Mr. POWELL I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The veas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecretary
will call the roll.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri may be adopted. I think
itis evidently proper that it should be. It will
very greatly improve the bill.
While I am up, Mr. President, I will make a
single remaik in reply to various notices that have
bee°) taken of me to-night. I know it is after
twelve, but if gentlemen do not want to hear me
they can go home. I shall take no offense at any
Senator who retires. [Laughter.] Senators who
have noticed my position, and it has been very
frequently alluded to to-night, all do me the honor
—I think it is an honor—to say that I have been
consistent in rny opposition to this war. I wish
I could return the compliment to the Senators on
the other side of the Chamber. Tlicy have not
been consistent. Their Picsident said at the start
that he had no power or inclination to intoifere
with the institution of slavery.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a point of order,
I call the Senator to order. He is not debating
the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from Rhode Island
will state his point of order.
Mr. ANTHONY. My point of order is that
the Senator from Kentucky is not debating the
subject before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I am replying to the nrgu-
menls Seizors have used in favor of the bill. ' I
think the point is not well taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is for the Chair to
decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ouestlon
now is on the amendment proposed by theSenator
from Missouri to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois. The Chair is not able to perceive
precisely how remarks as to the course of theSen-
ator from Kentucky upon matters generally are
strictly in order in discussing that amendment to
the amendment. The Chair is certainly unwilling
to limit the freedom of discussion, but lie is not
at present precisely able to see the applicability
of this lino of discussion to the matter m hand.
Mr. POWELL. Of course the Chair cannot
well see it until I get through. I will make it
applicable. I know my worthy friend from Rhode
Island is not as attentive to-night as usual, or he
would see how I could make it bear on the ques-
tion. Gentlemen have various modes of preserv-
ing their views. There have been debates here
to-night by the hour quite as wide of the mark as
anything I have said, and 1 think I am not the
first person to bo ruled out of order. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island must have been jesting
when he called me to order.
The gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
have not been consistent. They started out on
one platform, to prosccute the war simply to re-
store the Union with the Constitution as it was,
and not to interfere with the institutions of the
States. They have departed from that; and it
seems that notwithstanding the aid of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, they could not get up pressure
enough to keep the abolition party (for I believe
that is what they call them) from capturing Mr.
Lincoln and leading him into their views.
One other thing I will notice. The Senator from
Minnesota read a letter from General Rosecrans,
a general for whom I have entertained a very high
regard, because I thought him a gallant soldier;
and the Senator applies it to my Democratic
friends in Kentucky. I will read one line from
that letter;
"I am amazed that anyone should think of peaccon
any terms."
Really,'if that is properly extracted from Gen-
eral Rosecrans's letter, he has forfeited very much
in my esteem tile opinion I had of his good sense.
I thought every war was prosecuted for the pur-
pose of peace at some time. I thought that every
Christian soldier, when he took up the cross and
followed his Master's teaching in battling with a
sinful world, expected to have peace at some timo
m heaven. I supposed that everybody who pros-
ecuted war expected peace on some terms; but
General Rosecrans seems to wish to fight all the
time. Suppose he should overcome these rebels
and they were all to come back, General Rose-
crans is for fighting on. It is really strange that
a man of General Rosecrans's sense should say
that he was not for peace on any terms.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish simply to remark that
I shall vote for the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, it being in substance the sub-
stitute which I offered for that of the Senator from
Illinois. The Senator from Missouri voted against
my amendment, but I shall vote for bis amend-
i ment, which is in substance the same.
Mr. HENDERSON. I took my seat expect-
ing not to say anything further. 1 desire that in
the loyal States of the Union, where the courts
J i 1 r*    fc KA nnA
are entirely open, before an arrest shall bs made,
an affidavit shall be filed by somebody. Cer-
tainly, if people in the loyal States are so very
bad as to deserve arrest, somebody ought to be
honest enough to go and file an affidavit, and have
them arrested, and then of course the proclama-
tion of the President is amply sufficient to prevent
their being turned loose upon society again, if
they are dangerous. All the President's procla-
mation under this bill does is to prevent their
going at large. It is the strangest proposition ill
the world to me that the writ of habeas corpus is
to be suspended in relation to every conceivable
offense that can be committed in this country
