1803.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
wm
frAiiklj admitted 1>y Mr. Pigott that the number of loyal
voters in the district wiio, for tins reason. had no oppor-
tunity to ca« t theh votes at all. was eieatet than the number
who had any such oppoihnuty. According to the mles
adopted by the committee in all -similar cases,and steadily
adhered to l>v the Uou^e. this puts an end to the ease. Mi.
Pigott can in no jim sense h«j deemed the choice of the
io\al voters of a district in which more than halt of them
had no oppmtumty 10 express that choice. Voters may vol-
untarily (stay a way* from tile polls, and they are thereby taken
and deemed to have acquiesced m what was done by tho- e
who aie present, lint no such presumption rests upon those
tvho arc under d ro>s>; and it can never be known that they
would not iiave made choice of another if the iron gratp of
the rebellion had been unloosed.
It was claimed thai Mr. Pigoti was not, fit the time of the
alleged election, an inhabitant ot North Carolina, and there-
fore not eligible t<> the office of Representative within the
meaning of the second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution ot the United States, which provide* thatno
peibon bhail be a Kepw sent«itive who --hall not have attained
to tiic age «>f twent v (jve year-* and been seven years a citi-
zen of the Fnitfd Stales, and who shall not when elected
be an inhabitant ot the Slate in which he shall be chosen.''
Mi. Piijou. ahhouah a native of Noith Caiolm.i, had te-
sided m tlie etiy ot Washington foi the iaH ten or eleven
) eaia. owned leal estate here, dwelt with his family in his
own hou<e here, and had on more than one occasion voted
hctc formnmcipal oflicei«. Attoi Mi. St. mly way appointed
nuiit.u> srovernoi < f North Oaioluia, Mr. Pijiott v\ as ap-
pointed tus pnvate secretaiy, and, lentm? hi* hon<-e in
Was nn«ton, went lo North C.nolina m that capacity, and
IkuI remained there as such private hocretaiv two or three
months when this election took place. lie had done noth-
ing since hi* return to the .State to indicate a permanency
ot abode there beyond what l^heie stated The committee
me ot opinion that to be an inhabitant within the meaning
of tins ;«eetion ot the Constitution, it' it does not mean res-
ident or citizen, certainly means more than sojourner,
which is all that can he claimed tor Mr. I'ujott. In the c-a.-e
of John Bailey, (contested election ease 411.) who was
elected a lleprePentative from Massachusetts while a clerk
in one of the Departments in Wa-hinmon, where he had
been tor mx yeais, although a native of Massachusetts, it
was decided that he had ceased to bo an inhabitant ofMav
fachu-etts within the nieamns of-the Constitution. And
the ropotf of the eoimmuee in that ease, adopted by
the House, debnes the woid inhabitant, in this connection,
to be '* a bona fi.de membei of the State, subject to all the
requisition-j of 'it* Jaws and entitled to all the pri \ ilexes and
advantages which tlie\ confer."' In tlie opinion of thecom-
mittee, tht  bojouin of Mr. Pitrott in Noith ('aiolina, for the
tt-inpoi.u y and ttaiiMcnt puipo?c of beini? private peciutaiy
to a militaiy govemoi, was noL an inhabitancy within this
definition.
For these reasons the committee repoit against the ri?ht
of Mi. Pi/ou to a seat in this Hon-eas a Representative from
Noith Carolina, and recommend the adoption of the (ollow-
ing resolution:
Raolvcdt That Jennings Pigott is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative from the second congres-
sional distilct of North Carolina.
Mr. DAWES. That is all I desire to present
to the House at this time; and I ask the attention
of the House to what the claimant has to say.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I move a substitute for tlie
resolution of the Committee of Elections, in the
following words:
Wheiea-, the rebellion of a poitlon of the people of any
State cannot depi ivo tho&e who i email) loyal of any of their
right* under the Constitution, not destroy the integrity ot
the ytate itself; and whereas the forfeituie of liqiu-s and
piivileges by the di?>lo)al devolves the r %tpontilnhties of
citi/.ei ^hip upon tho^e who maintain a true alleqiuncf ; and
whetejfsj the Constitution of the United States guatniiues
to each ytate a republican foim of "overnnicnt and equal
representation in Conure-s ; and wheieas the obligation of
paying ta\es, which is impeialivc upon all citizens eveiy-
wheie. is ic'Mproeal with the right of lcpie&cntation ; and
whereas protection to citizens, m theexvici-.e of their po-
litical ripht voting, is a dutj of Government, and the loss
of that light byloval men in consequence of the armed
rebellion oftheir neighbors, m an invading enemy, is a mis-
fortune, and not a fault; awl whereas this House towards
tlie ri?ht of hn al citizens to be represented a  essential, and
the law.s presei ibms* the time, mode, and manner of holding
the elections as meiely dn ect'oij ; and wheiea*, in the sec-
ond eomriosfciona! district ot North Caiolnta, the people,
being subject to taxation and entitled to representation, did,
on the 1st day ot January, meet at their u-nial places,
ot holding elet nous and complied, as far as was within their
power, with the laws regulating the same, by the election
ot Jennings Pigott to represent them m this body, giving to
him a majoritj ot al! The votes cast at bald election : There
fore, the f-aid election is heiehy declared valid, and the said
Jennings Pi«jott is lierchv admitted to his seat as the Rep-
resentative tiom the second dibtuct of North Carolina.
Mr. PIGOTT, (claimant.) Mr. Speaker,! rise
for tlie purpose of submitting a few remarks to
this House on a question of vital importance to
the people of the second oongressioyal district of
the State of North Carolina, and of 110 little im-
portance to myself personally. The loyal men of
that dwtnet feel anxious* to be represented during
this Congress in this House of Representatives.
* They held piimary meetings and arrived at the
conclusion to petition the military governor of
North Carolina toorder an election. They wanted
an opportunity to be represented m this House
by a man of their own choice. In obedience to
that petition and the frequent solicitation of the
rKoplet the military governor i&susd his procla-
mation calling an election to be held at the various
voting places in the second congressional district
on the 1st of January, 186'3. This was not a mat-
ter of ins own volition, but he acted in compliance
with the expressed wish and will of the loyal peo-
ple of that district. The election was accordingly
held on the 1st of January, 1863. Of all the votes
cast at that election more than two thirds were
cast for me. It is very true, as I acknowledged
before the Committee of Elections, that a large
number of voters—but not so many as one half, as
I now think—had not an opportunity to cast their
votes, because their voting places were in the
armed possession of the forces of the rebellion.
When I was before the Committee of Elections
I had the impression that more than one half of
the loyal voters of thatdistricthud been prevented
from voting at that election. I so believed, and had
the candor to admit that fact. 1 did it without
regard to the consequences of the admission to
myself. It was a mere matter of guessing with
me; I had no data at that time to gf> on. It was
my impression then that more than one half of
the loyal men of the second congressional distric^
had been prevented from voting. I so judged from
the larger part of the district having been within
the lines of the rebel army. That being so, I
thought, as a matter of course, that tin* majority
of the loyal people went with the larger extent of
territory. Since then I have discovered the error
into which I had fallen. I find that at (he elec-
tion for delegates to the convention of the 20th of
May, 1861, held at Raleigh, there were only four
counties which elected Union men. Of those four
counties which elected Union members thiee voted
at the election for Congress on the 1st of January,
18G3, and cast the huge majority of the votes for
me. Taking that fact as the basis for calculation
we may conclude that the large majoiity of the
loyal people of that district voted at that election.
In addition to that we must recollect that the acts
of conscnption of the southern confederacy took \
a large majority of theable-bodied men out of the i
second congressional district of North Carolina. ]
Then a great many of tho loyal citizens seized j
every opportunity to come within the lines of the
Federal army. I think that the majority of the
loyal men of that district were within the Union
lines on the day of election. It is certain that the
majority of those who did vote voted for me.
It is ti ue that there were some loyal men within
the Union lines who did not vote for fear of the
guerrillas. 1 have the bestassurance that if those
men had voted they would have voted for me. 1
have it from the highest authority that in many
cases the voters said, " what is the use of voting,
Pigott will bo elected; he does not need our votes."
My election was conceived to be beyond the pos-
sibility of doubt. Of the nineteen precincts I re-
ceived majorities in fifteen or sixteen of them. I
received every vote m some half dozen of the pre-
cincts out of the nineteen in which votes were cast.
Tho Committee of Elections report that a ma-
jority of the loyal men of the district were not
within the Union lines; and say very properly so,
because they wertf under that impression as well as
myself; I admitted that to them bccause I thought
it was probably so; but I do not think so now. I
was then guessing in the dark; but since that time
I have had a little light upon tlie subject, and my
conviction upon that matter has honestly changed .
But if it be possible that a majority of these loyal
men were beyond the Union lines, that was not
the fault of those who were within the lines; and
1 say they should not be held responsible for that
state of things. If there was fault anywhere
might it not be the fault of the Government which
has not restored the Union and the lines of the
Union beyond those loyal men? If that is so,
shall the Government take advantage of its own
wrong? I presume not.
I wish here to say that the committee, its hon-
orable chairman, as well as every individual mem-
ber of it, have uniformly treated me with a kind-
ness and consideration which I shall always ap-
preciate, and I do not believe they are capable of
doing intentional injustice, to me or to any one.
But the report of the committee says it never will
be known whether, if all these men had had an op-
portunity to vote, they might not have chosen
some one else. I apprehend that the reasoning
would be about©s good,should I say that itnever
will be known but that they would have chosen
me had they had an opportunity to v6te.
As I was remarking, some fifteen or sixteetrof
the precincts out of the nineteen which did vote*
gave me a majority over all other candidates. {
got a majority in every preeinct in the whole dis-
trict, excepting those lying upon Uw banks and
islands. Upon the main land, as distinguished
frojn the banks and islands, I got a majority of
the votes with a single Exception. Such is (ny
recollection, and I think I am right. ThenifwJ
these precincts gave me a majority, 1 think it is
a very fair presumption that if all the district* Had
had an opportunity to vote, a majority of them
would have voted for me.
Mr. Speaker, the report also says that'I was not
at tho time of the election a resident of the State
of North Carolina according to the spirit of the
Constitution. I would remark here that i laboc
under very great embarrassment from the fact that
ever since I came here either myself or my family
have been sick, and consequently I have not had
an opportunity to cultivate the acquaintance of
any gentlemen upon this floor, except o-ne or two'.
Arid, furtheimore, I have arrayed against me the
report of an enlightened and impartial jury. A1J
this is too much for me to stand up under with-
out some help. T do not believe that committer
capable of doing injustice to any one intentionally*
i would make one other remark upon the first
proposition that I started out upon. There were
a great many of the people of that district who
wanted to be represented here, but who were fear-
ful about voting in these stormy times. They
were somewhat in the condition of the sailor who,
encompassed by the perils of the deep, prayed
first for help from above, and then piaycd a little
for help from the devil; and his explanation was,
he did not know whose hands he might fall into.
And that is the case with a good many of the loyal
men of North Carolina, who love that old flag
yonder, who love the Union in which they were
born, and under which they have grown and be-
come prosperous and happy, and yet they are not
quite sure that in some contingency they'might
fall into hands which might not deal with them
very gently, if they voted for a Representative in
the Federal Congress, as it is called, or in the
Congress of the United States of America, as they
call it.
In regard to the question of my eligibility, I
will say here that if I had one particle of doubt
as to my eligibility you would not see me here
to-day pressing my claim,or attempting to press
my claim to a seat in this House. The commit-
tee are under a misapprehension about my hav-
ing gone to North Carolina merely to be private
secretary of the military governor of North Car-
olina. Sir, I was appointed to an office in North
Carolina in the fall of 1861. I executed my bond,
and started out for the discharge of my duties. I
proceeded toward the place of my duty, but cir-
cumstances beyond my control prevented my
reaching there.
I always told the people that I was going back
home, and I always looked forward to the day
when 1 should return to my native home, in North
Carolina. God bless the old State of North Car-
olina—a State in which I would rather live than
any place on the face of the earth.
1 did proceed to North Carolina early in the
month of October, 1862, not merely as private
secretary to the military governor of that State,
but with a bona fide purpose and intention of liv-
ing in North Carolina, and of doing and perform-
ing all acts which might become me to do as a
true and loyal citizen of the United States, and of
the State of North Carolina. I own a house, it
is true, in Washington; but I believe members of
Congress do also. Upon leaving for North Car-
olina I rented that house instead of selling it, but
I made an effort to sell it, and was ready and anx-
ious to sell jt, and to take for that house the same
amount of money in greenbacks which I paid for
it in gold. But no man made mc an offer, and the
best I cnuld do was to rent tlie house. If I had
been coming back very soon I should have pre-
ferred keeping the key. But as I could not self,
1 rented, and'! endeavored to purchase a house
in North Carolina, for the purpose of living in it,
and occupying it as my home. The proprietor
concluded that he would not sell, and of couVse I
could not purchase, and therefore 1 had to con-
tent myself with hotel life for a while, and then
occupy a house partly occupied by the Govern-
ment.
