1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try, to the discussion of bankrupt bills or Court
of Claims bills or any other bills that might be
pertinent for consideration at other times. It strikes
me that wc have come to a period in our national
history when the question is soon to be settled
whether the period is not final. The national life
is trembling in the balance to-day, and I think we
have something else to do beside passing bankrupt
bills and Court of Claims bills. I do not know
how it is with others, but for myself I have no
desire, I have no heart, i have no feeling for any
legislation that does not look to the salvation of
the country. Sir, it is time that we woke up; it
is time that we looked our condition straight in
theface; and I think when we do that, if we under-
stand and appreciate that condition, our thoughts
will be turned on something beside Court of
Claims and bankrupt bills, and things of that sort.
These are the reasons why I am opposed to taking
up the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say but a word in
reply to what the Senator from New Hampshire
has said. I sympathize fully with him as to the
importance of doing all that we can do to save the
country. Pciliaps, however, I have somewhat
more faith than he has. 1 believe the country is
to bo saved. I am for legislating upon the basis
thatwe are to save the country, and I om not will-
ing to admit by our legislation here that we are
not to have a Government. If this bill is m the
way of any measure that the Senator from New
Hampshire has to present, that will aid our armies
in the field, or that will help to crush this rebel-
lion, I would not press it for a moment; but there
appears to bo no measure of that kind at this mo-
ment pressing upon the Senate. I think the Court
ot Claims should either be abolished or it should
be organized upon adnTerent footing—one or the
other—and I have no great partiality as to what
course shall be pursued in reference to it. I have
no fueling in regard to this bill at all, only that I
think the Court of Claims, as at present organized,
is an excrescence upon the Government; ^judg-
ments amount to nothing; and we had better dis-
pense with that court, as it seems to me, or else
give some effect to the decisions iL makes. I think
that the investigations made in that court will
save to the Government millions of dollars. I
think the worst place in the woild to pass upon
claims against the Government is in Congress
itself, constituted as it is of a laige number of
members^ It is impossible for members of Con-
gress to investigate complicated chums. They
are presented heie c.c parte, and it has become
notorious in the country that a bad claim is about
a9 likely to pass through Ctmgiess us a good
one. J have myself been in favoi of amending the
lay so as to give to the judgments n'lifh'red by
this court someefficacy, and"! wish to hiing the
bill before the Senate, expecting to lay it aside at
one o'clock, if we should not gel through with it
by that time, as we probably shall not. for the
purpose of seeing what the views of the Senate
are in regard to the bill.
j\Ir. HALE. 1 agree with the Senator from
Illinois that this court is an excrescence upon the
Goveinment, and i think there is but one side to
the alternative he presents, when he declares that
it ought to be amended or repealed, it is well 1
known to everybody who knows anything of its
histoiy, that this court wasmade a sort of retreat i
for lame duck politicians that sot wounded and had
to retreat before the face of popular condemna-
tion . That is just exactly what it was for, a safe
retreat lor lame ducks; and it was so filled up; but
it lias unfortunately so happened thus far that they
have only taken wounded politicians fiom one
side and put ihem in, and this bill pioposes to en-
large it so tout they may put in some on the other
side who have had 10 retreat before ! hi face of pop-
ular condemnation. That is my objection to the
bill. The feature of the bill which tiansfers from
Congress to this court power over the Treasury,
and thus, in my humble judgment, as I had occa-
sion years ago to express, surrenders the consti-
tutional pierogative of Congress to this court, I
shall vote against first and last, early and late, if
1 vote alone or in a ciowd. I am utterly opposed
to the principle of it, and 1 am opposed to it more-
over for the reason 1 first stated, and I hope the
Senate will not take it up.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate as in
Co mm it tee of i he Whole proceeded to consider the
bill (H. It. No. 2'1G) to amend "An act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States,"approved February 24, 1855.
It proposes to authorize the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint two additional judges for the Court of
Claims, and from the court thus constituted to des-
ignate a chief justice. The court is then to take
jurisdiction of all claims for which the Govern-
ment would be liable in law or equity, if it were
suable in courts of justice, with certain excep-
tions, and is to have concurrent jurisdiction with
the circuit and district courts of the United States
of all suits or cases against the United States for
the title to real estate or for muniments of title;
and in all such cases its judgment is to be final,
subject to the right of appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
DISCIIAllOfi OP STATE PRISONERS.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chait to
I call up the unfinished business of the lastadjourn-
, ment; which is the bill (II. R. No. l.YT) to au-
| thonzc the raising of a volunteer force for the
! better defense of Kentucky.
! Mr. DAVIS. 1 suppose the first business on
| that bill will be the motion to reconsider the vote
[ by which ail amendment was adopted, which was
cnteied this morning by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Lanu.J
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that this bill be
laid aside, and that the bill which was vindcrcon-
sideration last Thursday be taken up; I allude to
the bill ickuing to the ancst of State prisoners.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust the Senator fiom Minne-
sota will not press th.it motion. I think that this
bill can be disposed of m half an hour. I suppose
there is nothing to do now but to vote upon it.
1 do not want to interfere with the desire of the
honorable Senator to address the Senate upon the
present occasion. If 1 thought this bill would
inteifere at ail seriously with that purpose, I
should not insist on its lx mg considered now; but
as the subject of this bill is fresh in the minds of
the Senate, and as I suppose it will take buthttle
time to vote upon it one way or the other, 1 trust
he will acquiesce in my desuc that it should now
be finally di sposed of.
Mr. CLARK. As the Senate, on Thursday,
(it the suggestion of the Senator from Minnesota,
postponed the bdl which he now moves to take
up, to one o'clock to-day, for iiie purpose of giv-
ing him an opportunity to address the Senate, I
hopo, by the mdnlyenre of the Semite and the
courtesy of the Senator fiom Kentucky, he will
be allowed to go on at this tunc. It may, perhaps,
take more time than the Senator from Kentucky
is aware of, to get through wi;h the hill he has in-
dicated, und jiorhnps it would bo Letter to let the
Senator from Minnesota take the floor at this time.
#Mr. DAVIS. If ihe Senator wishes to make
his vemaiks at this time, 1 shall acquiesce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agn-cd to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
3Gx!) to provide for the discharge of State prison-
ers and others, and to aiulum/p the pidges of the
United States courts to tyUebailor recognizances
to secure the tual of the s^me, the pending ques-
tion bein^' on the motion of Mr. Powlll to stake
out the third section of the bid.
AJr. WILK1NS0IN. Mr. President, I shall not
consume the time of the Senate in discussing the
provisions of this bill, lor ii I had felt inrlhiud to
do so, the able and exhaustive arguments of the
Senators fiom Indianaandthe Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Finu>,] hove rendered all effort, on
my port eniir-ly unnecessary. Hut, sir, I have
risen for the purpose of noticing: briefly some of
the remarkable statements which have been made
here, since the commencement of this session, and
of alluding to the course ot honorable gentlemen
who do not appear to be ohogether friendly to the
Government which they are pretending to sunpoi t.
It is my pvnposc to be bucf. Not belonging to
that class of men who have been taught that'lan-
guage was intended to conceal our thoughts, but
rather admiring the morals nnd courage of those
who use it clearly and boldly for the noble pur-
pose of expressing precisely what they mean, i
shall endeavor to speak phunly.
It seems to me, Mr. Pres.dent, that the speech
\vluch the Heritor from Delaware, [Mr. Sauls-
bury] made on Thursday last was made in" aid
of the purposes of a class of bad men at the-North,
and in the border States, who are bent upon the
.destruction of the Government. It would seem
that there was to be a simultaneous and precon-
certed attack made upon the President at Indian-
apolis, at St. Louis, at Springfield, Illinois, at Al-
bany, and at New York city—not because the
parties to this arraignment entertained any per-
sonal ill will against the President, but because
they wished to destroy his influence, to the end
that they might the more easily gain the posses-
sion and control of the Government.
Considering the time, the*placet the occasion, the
condition of the country, the soldiers in the camp,
the soldiers wounded, sick, and dying in the hos-
pitals, the conflicts on the battle-field, I regard the
speech which the Senator made as one of the most
remarkable which was ever uttered in the Senate
of the United States, or in any other deliberative
body.
When I first came to the Senate, I found the
Senator from Delaware here, acting with the ma-
jority, which was led by Davis, Toombs, Benja-
min, Hunter, Slidel), Mason, and Wigfall. Breck-
smidge filled the chair. Every departmentofthe
Government was under the control of the Sena-
tor's political friendsjand so absolute and despotic
was the power which they wielded that the mi-
nutest governmental machinery of this mighty
nation could not move without their assent. I
cannot say how true it is, but I presume that the
■ Senator often met ih secret conclave with these
nu n, to devise ways and means for the perpetua-
tion of the power of that parry whoso onlystiength
and vntue consisted in the fact that it was under
the control of men bent upon the destruction of
the Government if they could not longer control
it. Whih ■ associated with these conspirators, the
Senator appealed to be in his properelcmcnt. So
far as nay poor observation went, he was happy
ill surrendering himself to the lead of these trai-
tois. I think that the records of the Senate will
show that, so far as his official acts in this body
were concerned, he rendered them his hearty sup-
port.
I have not taken the trouble to recur to the re-
corded debates of that day to ascertain precisely
what the Senator said; but if my memory seives
me correctly, in the first speech which he made
upon this floor, hegave the most convincing proofs
oi his devotion to Davis & Com pauy which it was
possible foi the blind devotee of party to furnish.
Even the ordinary decorum of debate was treated'
by him with utter indifference and contempt, so
eager was he to furnish evidence to his traitorous
associates of his devotion to their fortunes and
their faith.
if I remember rightly, his debut upon this
floor was signalized by an unparliamentary allu-
sion to a highly distinguished Senator aiul states-
man, in which he expressed his regret that the
Senator wasnotexeouted with what he was pleased
to designate as his associate and friend, John
Brown.
It was popular m those days with the dominant
party to speak of hanging distinguished noillierii
statesmen, and the Senator was not backward ill
joining in this vulgar and indecent denunciation
of statesmen whose love of liberty and devotion
to their countiy had won for them honorable and
imperishable names. But treason demanded it;
and ot the expense of propriety, and even com-
mon decency, the Senator willingly obeyed the
mandate.
One by one the political associates of the Sen-
ator on this floor left limi, with treason on their
hps, and with the avowed purpose of destroying
the Government which they had sworn to sup-
port. The Senator from Delaware well knew tliut
his party friends intended to destroy this Govern-
ment; and yet he never uttered one word of de-
nunciation against them.
Pretending to be for the Union, he turned his
arm against the fiiends of the Union; but he had
110 blow to deal against those who were seeking
to destroy it. A friend and eulogist of the Consti-
tution, he is still the friend of those who threaten
to tear that sacred instrument in pieces, and break
up the Union which that Constitution inaugu-
rated.
For a time after the conspirators were " fueled
and gone," he felt it his inteiest or his duty to
remain eompaiatively quiet. But the result of the
