THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Seven'tii Congress, 3d Session*.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1863.
New Series No. 18.
every candid man who has watched the progress
of events will reiulily admit that this southern re-
bellion has transpired id pursuance of a deep-laid
plan, and that all those differentquestions to which
the Senator has referred have been used as pre-
texts merely, but were not the real cause of the
rebellion. The whole thing was predetermined,
and it is clear to my mind that no effort on our
part could have prevented it, short of a resort to
arms.
The Senator then dwells at great length on the
question of political arrests, and takes occasion
to denounce the President with great bitterness.
The attack is not an individual attack from the
Senator fiom Delaware. It is a simultaneous at-
tack made at about the same time from many quar-
ters; and I doubt not that at the very time the
Senator from Ddavvaie was uttering these charges
against the President of the United States in the
Senate Chamber, other men were doing the same
tiling in other parts of the country, i will not
allude to this portion of the Senator's speech, as
this question has already been discussed with
great ability by those who arc friendly to the Ad-
ministration aiul the Government.
But, finally, Mr. President, the Senator ap-
proaches that question which seems much dearer
to him than t lie mai utenance of this Government,
and that is the question of human slavery. The
Piesident'a |u oclaniation of freedom seems to dis-
turb him vi ry much; inde<d,ho «cems to regai d
it as of moif <ji av<  and serious import than any
of the othet a< is of die President. But upon this
question, sacied as tin; Senator regards it, it seems
almost impossible for him to speak fairly. lie
Siiysj
"Thw proclamation Miletmdy commits this Administra-
tion to p'o ocute tliirf wai 1 or tin- fiucdom Ot the slave. even
fchmiU evny o' iu r c.iuv of difficult) be adjusted , the ob
jcet foi which I V'MiK believe it wa-  accepted and pto?>o-
eutcd the Adniiuistiation Irani ihe be<nnninjj, and with-
out which no w ai would !i iv ii cn waited. More eti'eeiualiy
to prevent u tin-- piocl.unatum invites a t.eivilo
liMiircci.on ; ior while nnpoteiilly adviMiig the slaves to
abstain tioni ,iti violence, tin* w given upon the condition
lh.it they arc not oppox-d In theii ma-teis in then etVoi 1 *
p'actu-aily to In come ftoe. far when acting in sell defence
tiu-y may, even uudct pieaulenu.il advice, act with vio-
lence."
Mr. Piesident, was it possible for the Senator
to crowd m< re error into so nanow a space than
is contained in this extract? Here itis solemnly
announced, us the candid belief of the authoi ,that
had it not been for the purpose of freeing the slave
thiswarwould not have been cairied on. Now,
sir, so far as I am concerned, I have no excuses
to make for my effort to strike thechams from the
limbs ofevery slave. All that I regret in tinseon-
neetion is that the President has not gone further
than lie has seen fit ro go in this direction. From
the beginning of tins wicked rebellion, the path of
duty has seemed clear to me. Slavery was the
cause of this unnatural war, and the only tine and
rational way to suppre;^ it was to strike at the
veiy root of the institution itself. Ilad the Pres-
ident pursued this line of policy in the outset, in-
stead of endeavoring to follow the advice of those
who would not be conciliated, tIns war would have
ended before to-day. Ilad the piaeticai wisdom
of General Cutler been adopted by the Adminis-
tration, and followed to its legitimate and logical
results, in my judgment we should not have heat d
the honoiable Senatoi talking herein the Senate
of u your defeated army hastening in contusion
fiom the bloody field of Manassas." No, sir,
if that policy bad been adopted, the speech t><
which 1 am teplying would not have be< n made
on this floor. But, sh, the President saw nt to
pursue another line of policy; and to show how
utterly at fault the Senator'is m his estimate of
that policy, I refer to what the President himself
says in th.it regard, as contained in his inaugural
address, and the several pioclamatiuns he has is-
sued, in every one of which he has declared, offi-
cially and formally, that he was prosecuting this
wai for no such purpose. When theSenatnrutters
that belief, he must euher charge that Mr. Lin-
coln has officially uttered a falsehood m all ins
public papers, or'inust admit that he willfully in-
18
tended to misrepresent him. But, sir, when a
party is bent upon misrepresentation, it is idle to
attempt to convince him of his error.
,l Tie that complies asainsthi« will,
Is of his own opinion still."
Finally, the Senator calls upon us to lay down
our arms and proclaim an armistice; and, in my
judgment, this is the purpose which induced his.
speech. The late Democratic victories in the
Noith have doubtless led him to take this step.
But I think when the hour arrives, the Senator
anil his associates will find themselves reckoning
without their hosts.
Mr. President, it is evident to my mind that
there is a deep-hud plan originating with the Dem-
ocrats of the North to break up the Government.
They hope for a reconstruction, but before this
scheme can be carried out the present Government
must be pulled down.
1 said in the commencement of my remarks that
1 intended to speak plainly, and vvj&h before I sit
down to my a few plain woids as to the duty of
the friends of the Government.
We are in a more embarrassing and critical po-
sition than we have ever occupied before. When
this war broke out, the enemies of this Adminis-
tration gathered around the President, and pre-
tending to linn thatthey were for the most earnest
and vigorous prosecution of the war, and for the
speedy and unconditional suppression of the re-
bellion, they asked for an equal hluu e of the places
of honor, trust, and profit. Tin; PresiduU is a
plain, honest man, and is inclined to behave that
men mean just what they say. These men de-
ceived him. They induced him to believe that it
was of the utmost important that there should
be a united North, and that to effect this result U
was necessary that an equal number of ;->ufriotic
Democrats should be appointed to places of honor
and profit. The Piesulent yielded to them, and
casting off Ins old fi lends sough t to gain additional
support from those who differed with him in sen-
timents. lie gave them the most important trusts
in the Government, and relied upon their honor
and patnotism for their faithful performance, lie
has been deceived; and may Heaven grant that
his eyes may be opened before it is too late!
Ilistot y will recoi d the extent of his terrible blun-
der. No man ever succeeded, no man ever will
succeed, who casts off his old fi tends in order that
lie mav win new ones. The Republican mem-
bers of the Senate owe it to the country—they owe
it to themselves, they owe it to posteuty—to go
to the President and say to him, Sir, you have
taken into your confidence and confided import-
ant national trusts in the hands of your enemies.
You must remove them. It is too late to hesitate
on little matters of etiquette. The country must
be saved, and the friends of the President must
aid him to save it. There is an enemy in our
ftonf,and a ni^re insidious enemy m ouriear.
There ore enemies in nil the Dcpai tments of the
Government, and they must be removed. Who
of ali the loyal people of the North would have
thought of (rusting the quarterninsfet's depart-
ment in the hands of such a man as General Mei^s?
Who that knew his antecedents was disappointed
when the pontoon tram did not leach Falmouth ;
And m/iiin: who ot all the loyal men of the North
would have permitted General Thomas to remain
at the head of the Adjutant Geneial's office?
Mr. President, this Administration cannot he
successful in this way. The lebeiiion cannot be
put down with traitors conducting the war. It
< annot be put down unless the men who carry it
on are earnest and zealous men, who believe in
all the objects and purposes of the war. Senators,
I tell you that it is time that every one should do
his duty, or the country will be lost. This is the
blackest hour we have witnessed since tins war
commenced. Its exigences icquireof us moie
of virtue, more of courage, mo to of devohnn to
the interests of our country. Bad men are com-
bining all around us, and the President does not
seem to know it. If we do not associate more
closely together and act with a more united pur-
pose, we shall fall. It is too late for us to hesi-
tate. The Government cannot retreat if it would.
In this hour of terrible peril, we cannot justify
ourselves for a failure to perform our whole duty
upon a plea that we have intended to do right,
unless we carry our good intentions into effect.
Mr. President, I will close my remarks by read-
ing a single extract from the great Burke:
" When bad men combine, the good must associate, else
they will Tail, one by one, an unpitied sacrifice iu a con-
temptible Mnjjrgle.
' ft n not enough m a situation of trust in the common-
I wraith that a man means well to Jus country; itis not
I enough that, in his single person, lie never did an evil act,
: butalvvasa voted accoidmg to his conscience, and even
I harangued against cveiy de^gn which he apprehended to
! ho pii-judicial to the mtcio^ts ot' his country. Thi-v lanox-
urn-; and inelTortual character, that seema formed upon a
plan of apologv and disculpation. tails miserably whorl of
the mai k of public duty. That duty demands and require*
that what i iirht *hould not only be made known, but made
prevalent; that what is evil should not only be detected,
hut defeated. When tiie public man omits to put himself
in a situation of domains duty with effect, it isanomiPsion
that fiuMiates tlie purpose* of his trust almost as much as
if ho had formally behaved it. It is surely no very rational
account ot a man's ine'that ho has always acted right,but
has taken special erne to act in such a maimer that his en-
deavor could not pos&ibiy be productive of any conse-
quence."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is not
my intention in this Senate Chamber, considering
that it. is the Senate Chamber of the United States,
to attempt to reply to the low scurrility and black-
guardism of the fellow from Minnesota.
Mr. TIALE. I call the Senator to order, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The Senator from Delaware will
please resume his scat. His remarks are clearly
out of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Sir 
Mr. HALE. Older!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware will please resume his seat. The
remarks of the Senator from Delaware are clearly
out of orde ,and a violation of tiic rules of the
Senate. [A pause.] With the consent of the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Delaware will proceed in
oider.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it maybe
in order—1 mean no disrespect to the Chair—it
may be in oider in the Senator from New Hamp-
shiic to listen to what he has listened to for the
last hour, and it may not be in order for him to
hear it characterized as it should be. I was not
going to pursue any extended remarks, and 1 was
assigning a reason why I could not do so. Sir,
this is the Senoto Chamber of the United States.
I had occasion on Thursday Inst, while speaking
in reference to the action of the Administration in
conducting this war, and more particularly in ref-
erence to its action in arresting persons without
authoi ity of Iaw,toexpressmy honest sentiments,
and in niy own way. !t never occurred to me, sir,
that I should go for instruction in tasie to some
adventinci in the wilds of Minnesota.
Mr. HALE. Older! 1 call tiie Senator to order
again, Mr. President.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis the duty
of the Chair to preserve the rules of the Senate.
Tne Chair tiusts the Senator from Delaware will
confine himself within the rules of debate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As my remaiks seem to
be vu*y distasteful to i he Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and as J am not permitted to say what I
wish to say in my own way, 1 will simply tcmark
m conclusion—and I hope tins will be in oider, if
the Senator from New Hampshire pleases—that
when I nnde mytemarks on Thursday last, I
distinctly said that if any one questioned my loy-
alty, (not my loya'ty to this Administration, nor
my loyalty to tiie Republican party, but my loy-
alty to the Constitution end Government of the
United States,) he lied before men, and in the pres-
ence of high Heaven. The Senator from Minne-
sota has brought himself within the class thus
designated, and there i leave him.
Mr. HALE. Order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware has clearly violated the rules of
order, after having been twice admonished. H
is the duty of the Chair to call attention to it
