1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wu.
by reason of his holding office under the Govern-
ment in this city. He remained there in North
Carolina until this faction ♦ook place.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I desire to add very briefly
to waat my colleague has said in support of the
claimant :n h>s r.ght to p seat upon this floor.
My colleague has soiJ nothing in refeiencu to the
protest ot' Charles Henry Fo&ler in this case.
It seems to me there are two principles upon
which this committee have founded the conclu-
sion which they have reached. One is that Mr.
Pigott is not a resident of North Carolina. 1 think
Mr. Pigott has himself relieved the House from
any doubt upon that subject.
The other ground is, that his right to a seat
here is protested against by Charles Henry Fos-
ter, who has himself been here as a petitioner for
a seat in this House ever since the commencement
of the present Congress. Yes, sir; he is the same
Charles Henry Foster who has been here for the
last two years. He is the same gentleman who
went into Pennsylvania, and from there and from
Maryland wrote letters to the NewYorkTribune,
purporting to have been written from North Car-
olina, claiming that there had been an election in
North Carolina, under which he had been elected
to this Congress.
The whole statement, sir, was untrue. As I am
informed, there was no truth in it at all, no reality
in it at all; all corruption and nothingelse. Well,
sir, he went back to North Carolina asjain, and
was a candidate for Congress against Mr. Pigott,
and received 157 votes. The people repudiated
him, and now he comes here with a set of reso-
lutions of a convention of the people of North
Carolina claiming that Mr. Pigott is not the Rep-
resentative of the loyal people of the second dis-
trict of North Carolina. They held a great con-
vention, he says, in North Carolina in which they
were to reorganize the government of that State,
and seta new government in motion, and enter
their protest against Mr. Pigott. And what does
he do then ? He goes around and gets a captain
of a Massachusetts regiment to certify for that
great national convention. Why, sir, if there had
really been such a body convened, would it have
been necessary to getanybody to certify to it, and,
if necessary, would they have procured the cer-
tificate of a Massachusetts captain? This Charles
Henry Foster is the same gentleman who has
been twice reported against by the Committee of
Elections.
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon this question of the
residence of Mr. Pigott, the Committee of Elec-
tions refer in their report to the fact that Mr. Pig-
ott rented his house in this city before going to
North Cuiohna last fall. Well, sir, before going
back to the district of his nativity he endeavored
to &ell his property in this city, but could not.
He had made arrangements to go back to North
Carolina in 18G1, but the condition of that State
after the breaking out of the rebellion prevented
him from going there then.
As soon as occupation was taken by the Fed-
eral forces of a considerable portion of that dis-
trict, he became the secretary of the military gov-
ernor of that Suite. Failing to sell his property
here, he rented it, and repaired to his native State,
and svas electcd to this House from the second
congressional district. And he now comcs heie
claiming to be the Representative of the loyal
people of that distnet, whose right to represent-
ation upon this floor cannot be denied.
There 13 but 0110 question before this House,
and that is whether this flection in the second con-
gressional district of North Carolina was a legal
and valid election, and whether this claimant re-
ceived a majoiity of the legal votes so erst? If
this question is answered in the affirmative, this
House is bound to admit this gentleman to a seat
upon this floor.
This Government is hound to guaranty to each
State and to each congressional district a repub-
lican form of government. If the people there
have not their constitutional rights protected and
guarantied as an entire people, we have 110 right
to deny to the people of these three counties, who
have complied with all their constitutional rights
and their constitutional duties, their right of rep-
resentation ni this House.
How many people must unite in order to enti-
tle them to representation in the Congress of the
United States? How many people who pay taxes
does it require ? I iea<£ that five hundred soldiers
from this district in North Carolina are now in the
Federal Army bearing aloft the banners of our
liberty. They to fighting th* battles of thh Gov-
ernment, and vii>„y arc entitled to be represented
hi ihe Congress of the United States. Mr. Pig-
ott comes he. ■; as their chosen Rcpres' ntative,
and he is opposed by whom ? By Charles Henry
Foster. Who is Charles Henry Foster? His
character is well understood here, and I hope this
House will not decide against the legal right of
Mr. Pigott to a seat in consequence of a protest
from any such man.
Mr. HOLM AN. While I sympathize with the
gentleman entirely in the argument he is present-
ing in behalf of this gentleman, I trust he will re-
member that Charles Henry Foster is not able to
reply to his suggestions in reference to himself.
I understand that he is now preparing, under the
auspices of the President, to organize a Nortl)
Carolina rejriment for the service of the Republic.
Mr. CLEMENTS, I do not know about the
organization of a regiment, but I am very credi-
bly informed that Charles Henry Foster is about
played out down there. [Laughter.] I do not
think he could get a commission of any kind from
the President of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only wish to say that I have
understood Charles Henry Foster is raising a
regiment in North Carolina.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I should like to know the
gentleman's authority for that statement.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust the gentleman will not
understand me as designing to interrupt the line of
his argument. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENTS. I have no more remarks to
make in respect to this case, i do not wish to
bring Charles Henry Foster into this discussion
more than to say that I do not think any protest
from him ought to have any weight whatever in
respect to deciding upon the legality of Mr. Pig-
ott's right to a seat here.
As to the other point, I am not surprised that
the Committee of Eloctions should have reached
the conclusion they did in respect to his being a
resident of North Carolina, with the light before
them at the time they made their report; but I
think the statement made to-day by Mr. Pigott
himself will relieve the House of any difficulty
upon that point.
In view of all the facts of the case, I trust the
House will reverse the decision of the Committee
of Elections and admit Mr. Pigott to a seat.
Mr. DAWES. I cali for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say a word that the
position of the committee may be understood by
the House, and then I will leave the matter. It
was asked by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] whether the question of sending a Rep-
resentative to Congress iiad been agitated by the
people of the second congressional district of
North Carolina before the issuing of the procla-
mation by Governor Stanly. There can be no doubt
about that, for this is the fourth contested case from
that district. The merits of this whole election
have been heretofore understood by tins House,
which has indorsed the report of the Committee
of Elections, refusing to give them scats on this
floor. I am sorry to be of the opinion that this
present case is not entirely free from the com-
plaint heretofore in regard to this district. The
gpntieman was the private secretary of the mil-
itary governor who issued the writs of election.
Those wiits never reached I at three counties, and
only one precinct of one of those counties. Such
was the proof before the committee.
Mr, YEAMAN. I would like to ask the ge«-
tleman from Massachusetts whether there was
any evidence before the committee that the appli-
cant was eligible to the position which he seeks.
Mr. DAWES. I will come to that presently.
1 will proceed with the statement of the facts m
the case. The writs of election issued from the
military governor reached only three counties of
this district, and only a Single precinct of one of
tiiose counties. The other precincts in that county
were just as fiee from the presence of the rebels
as the precinct where the voting took place. There
was really no teason why the writs of election did
not reach those precincts. It was alleged that
there was a strong majority for other candidates.
I do not know whether it was true or not, but it
was charged in the presence of this claimant, and
there was no reason given why there should not
have been a poll opened at many places in those
counties as well as where there was a poll. Sus-
picion, and only suspicion, was cast on it, that
under the writs of the military governor, in behalf
of the military governor's private secretary, polls
wore opened where the strength of this candidate
was preponderating. I onlysay that it was a sus-
picion—such a suspicion as it became him to cleat
up—a suspicion that the committee thought that
he would be anxious to clear up. But it has never
been cleared up.
Mr. MAYNARD. Have any of the constitu-
ency of the second congressional district of North
Carolina appeared before the Committee of Elec-
tions, charging that there was anything unfair in
this election ? 1 think not. There was none other
than the protestant, Mr. Foster, and everybody*
knows how much weight is to he attached to him.
Mr. DAWES. A man by the name of Foster,
well known to this House, brought papers pro-
testing against the right of this man to a seat upon
this floor. Two men came with the claimant and
advocated his cleim. It has been our misfortune
that we have not been able to get the precise facts*
because there was no contestant before us; but
where two candidates or more have appearedbe-
fore the committee we have been able to get an
insight into the matter. Grave charges were made
against Mr. Foster; but it is fair to state thatthere
were equally grave ones against this gentleman.
Now, the Committee of Elections have adopted
certain rules in reference to election cases of this
character, to which it called the attention of the
House, and the House in several cases indorsed
them. They believed them to bo sound,and the
only rule on which they could decide these elec-
tion cases. If the loyal voters, or a large prepon-
derating majority of the loyal voters of a district,
had an opportunity to express themselves at the
polls, the committee have heen in favor of recog-
nizing their choice. That is not the case here. I
see nothing to cast reproach on the gentleman
personally. We have not been able to get at all
of the case. There were eleven counties in the
district, and an election was held in only three of
them. In eight of tho counties the loyal people
were not able to express their will at the polls
because of the presence of the forces of the reuels;
and in one of the three counties no writs ever
reached the people, and no polls were opened. As
the committee have said, in no sense could this be
considered a fair expression of the will of the loyal
voters. In every case which came before the Com-
mittee of Elections, when they could see that the
loyal voters, or nearly all of the loyal voters, have
hud the opportunity to express themselves at the
pulls, they have endeavored to give effect and force
to that expression. "Whenever they have found
that wanting they have invariably reported that it
should not be considered an election.
One word as to whether this man was eligible
or not. He was certainly not an inhabitant of
North Carolina.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was not the election a fair
one?
Mr, DAWES. There was the suspicious fact
I have stated, that while the polls were opened
and the people voted in one precinct, there were
no polls opened and no voting done in the adjoin-
ing precincts as little under the control of the rebels.
It was given as a reason, that the people th^redid
not want to vote—that they were afraid that guer-
rilla parlies would interfere with them.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was there any hiiermed-
dling at the polls which were opened ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not believe that th-re was
any impropriety at the polls. So far as i'.o claim-
ant is concei ned, I believe that he conducted him-
self with propriety.
This gentleman at one time was a resident and
citizen of the District of Columbia. He exercised
the elective franchise here as 1 do in Massachu-
setts. He voted for the municipal ofUceoftof this
city. He was no more a resident of N01 th Caro-
lina than I am a resident of Tennessee. He had
chosen his place of abode; he purchased real es-
tate here, and he admitted that he voted at the
municipal elections here. He had done every-
thing that makes a man a citizen of the District
of Columbia. What had he done to change that
citizenship, that inhabitancy ? Governor Stanly
was appointed military governor of North Car-
olina. Ho. took this gentleman out as his private
