274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. HALE. I wish to say in justification of
myself for calling the Senator to order, that I did
not have the pleasure of hearing the speech either
of the Senator from Delaware or the Senator from
Minnesota. 1 was not in my seat during five min-
utes of the time either of them was speaking. I
had just taken my seat when I called the Sen-
ator from Delaware to order, and I called him to
order entirely irrespective of anything which he
had said or the Senator from Minnesota had said,
except the very language he used when I called
him to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] to strike out
the third section of the bill, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The third section of the
bill, which the Senatorfrom Kentucky has moved
to strike out, is that section which gives the as-
sent of Congress to the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus. I trust that it will not be stricken
out. I do not wish to discuss it; I hope the mo-
tion will not prevail.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to prolong
the debate; but as the yeas and nays are to be
t?.ken, I wish to say that 1 shall vote against strik-
ing out the section. I believe that the President
hps the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
I know it is a mooted question; and able minds
have determined to their satisfaction the question
in different ways; butit seems to me to be the part
of prudence in Congress, inasmuch as the coun-
ti y is divided, thoroughly divided upon this ques-
tion, that we should define clearly by an act of
Congress what the power of the President shall
be in this matter. And it seems to me that if we
authorize the President to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus by our own act, it can do no harm,
but may be an advantage by settling the question
so far as Congress is concerned. That, sir, is the
(simply view which will influence me in voting
Against striking out the section.
Mr. FOSTER. A day or two since, Mr. Pres-
ident, thu honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
CoLi.AMfin] introduced a bill which was read,and
lvferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
think there are provisions in that bill which may,
perhaps, properly make it a substitute for the bill
now before the Senate, on winch a vole is about
to bo taken. At all events, they are concerning
the same subject-matter, and I think it is butter
that we should have the two bills before thu Senate
before we act oil either. I move, therefore, to
postpone the farther consideration of this bill
until to-morrow.
Tile motion was agiecd to.
YOLCNTTIEIt VOUCH FOR KENTUCKY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate bill No. -109, to establish an ar-
senal und oid nance depot on the tide-water of New
York haibor.
Mr. DAVlo. I appeal to the Senator from
Massachusetts to allow the bill in ldation to vol-
unteers fi>r Kentucky to be disposed of.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Ifthe Sen-
ate is ready to act on that bill, I will yield the floor
for the purpose; but I want to take up to-day, if
possible, the bill which I have indicated.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdrawing his motion, the
bill referred to by the Senator "from Kentucky
comes regulat ly before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 137) to authorize the raising of a
volunteer force for the better defense of Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is o*i reconsidering the vote taken on Friday upon
eoneumng in the first amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole. The amendm* ntis in
hues thru* and four of the first section, to strike
out <l the Governor of the State of Kentucky, by
tn-' consent and under the direction of;" so as to
make the clause lead, ** that the President of the
United St.-tes. sdiall have power to raise/' Clc.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on that, it was a matter very
mu'M' discussed She olher day, and involves the
fate of the bill to some extent. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr TRUMBULL. I do not know but that it
U usfO'id by the Senate. 1 believe the effect
of the amendment is to authorize the President of
the United States to raise these troops, instead of
the Governor of Kentucky; and those who are in
favor of having the troops raised by the President
and not by the Governor of Kentucky will vote
" nay," I take it, on this motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from Il-
linois, it seems to me, misconceives everything on
which he attempts to speak or to act in relation
to Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. DAVIS. He is totally mistaken in his idea
of what will be the effect of this amendment. If
the Senate will indulge me a moment, I will read
Bthe first section as reported in the amendment of-
fered by the Committee on Military Affairs; and
it is in the very words in which it was reported
by that committee that we wish to have the bill
passed:
Cl That the Governor of the State of Kentucky, by the con-
sent and under the direetion of the Pie&ideiit of the United
States, shall have power to raise and oiganize into regi-
ments a volunteer force not exceeding twenty.thousand."
Thnt is the amendmentas reported by the Mili-
tary Committee unanimously, and that is satis-
factory to me as a Senatorfrom the State of Ken-
tucky. The effect of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is to dis-
pense wuh the agency of the Governor entirely.
If that amendment be rejected, the section will
remain just as the Committee on Military Affairs
have reported it; and although there will be an
immediate agency and action on the part of the
Governor of Kentucky in raising this force, that
action will have to be with the consent and under
the direction of the President of the United States.
Is not that a suificient guarantee ? The effect of
the amendment would be to dispense with the
agency of the Governor altogether, even though
he is required to act with the consent and under
the direction of the President. We wish to retain
his agency because we believe that it will insure
more vitality and promptitude in the raising of
the forces, and for no other purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Wiil the Senate reconsider the vote by which
the words already reported were stricken out?"
The vote being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YUAS—Anthony, Ainoid, Browning,Collamer,
Cowan, Daviv, lAuter, iiaie, Harding, Ilauis.lleiideiton,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, NcMmth, Powell, Sauisbuiy,
Siieiman. Ten Eyck, Willey, Wilson of Missouu, and
Wnjrht—23.
NAYfc<—Meesis. Clark, Doolntle, Fer-scnden, Foot,
flume-;, Ilarl.ut, Howard, Kniy, Moirdl, Poiueroj, Sum-
ner. Trumbull, Wade, and WiNon ol Massachusetts—14.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on concurring m the amendment to
strike out the wotds u the Governor of the State
of Kentucky, by the consent and under the direc-
tion of."
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me that this bill
if not thus amended would be an anomaly. In
the various acts eonfei ring authority on the Pres-
ident to laise troops, during the last session of
Congress, I find no Much precedent as this. In
every instance the language used is somethinglike
this: <k that the President be and he is hereby au-
thorized, in addition to the volunteer force which
he is now authorized by law to raise, to receive
the services of any number of volunteers not ex-
ceeding " one hundred thousand,'' or " five hun-
dred thousand." As the bill wdl stand if this
amendment should not be adopted, it will enable
the Governoi of Kentucky to go into any State or
Territory ot the Union to raise tioops, und thus
.supersede the executive of each one of the States.
A S3 the bill is drawn, the Governor of Kentucky
would not he confined to the limits of his own
State, but he is to proceed to raise twenty thou-
sand volunteers with the consent of the President.
It seems to it) o Jt is an unheard-of proposition.
I should have an objection to it, unless it be left
! to he managed by the President, from another con-
, suLu-aaon. If the criticism that I have made is
l not a just one, and it is merely to organize twenty
| thouGohd militia of the State of Kentucky, it will
oemvohing the Government in an enormous ex-
pense, for which, in my judgment, we shall receive
no adequate return. These men, so far as any of
us know, will live in their own homes, be quar-
tered m their own houses, and yet drawing pay
and allowances as provided <n the >:> n -«\il laws of
the United States regulating the volunteer force
called into the service of the United States, and I
see no reason for superseding the President in any
exigency which is now existing.
Mr. DAVIS. If it shall be the pleasure of the
Senate to vote down the amendment offered by
the Senator from Iowa, with a view to meet the
objection which he suggests in his remarks just
made, I will move after the words "rank and
file," m the sixth line of the first section, to add
the words " to be raised within the State of Ken-
tucky." That will obviate entirely the objection
of the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, I move to add after the
words " rank and file" the words V to be raised
within the State of Kentucky."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Senator
require a separate vote on the remaining amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. HARLAN. They all become incongru-
ous now; and hence if it isathe pleasure of the
Senate to adopt the bill as now amended, I ask
leave to withdraw all the remaining amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question on them in gross. Senators in favor
of concurring in the several amendments, say aye.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as amended.
The amendment-was concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the Senator from
Kentucky if he would not desire to have the word
" Kentucky" stricken out of the fifth line of the
seventh section ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. The object of that pro-
vision in the clause is simply this, that any of
these twelve months' men, if they choose, may
enlist for three years, if it be the pleasure of the
President to accept them. I would not care ifthe
whole of them enlisted for three years.
Mr. HARLAN. My suggestion is in relation
to the language, £f three years' Kentucky volun-
teers." I did not know there were any troops
known by these terms. They are " three years'
volunteers of the United States," I suppose.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, yes." I consent to have the
phrase " Kentucky" stricken out, with the Sen-
ator's explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. TRUMRULL. As I view this bill as a
very dangerous one, and a very improper one to
be passed, raising separate troops for Kentucky,
I ask for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I signified some days ago that
a bill of this kind might, in my judgment, be o:
use in the State of Ktntueky; but since then cei-
tain events have transpired* in that State, and I
have seen certain indications of opposition to the
Administration in the prosecution of the war and
putting down the rebellion, which have induced
me to hesitate and to doubt about it. I dare say
the Senator from Kentucky desires what shall he
best for the country. I want to suggest to him
now, whether there is any such haste as requires
this bill to be passed to-day, and whether we may
not well now let the bill lie on the table until we
see more clearly what is the condition of things
m Kentucky. I should be very gled to give to it
my support if I could do it safely; but after tho
amendment lias bfen reiecr"d putting it under the
control of the President, or authorizing him to
raise the force, I do not feel safe in giving a vote
now for the bill. It may be that I am entirely
mistaken and wrong in my fears about it, but I
would ask the Senator (if he does not feel that
there is such pressing haste as to make it nece.—
sary to pass it withm a day or two) that he should
let it lie for a week or two until we see. We shall
11 be very glad to go with him in any measuie h^
: deems for the welfare of Kentucky, if we feel th.'t
we can'safely do so. I can see that these troops
' may do a great deal more than troops raised else-
i j where, in keeping rebels out of Kentucky, and I
' should be very glad to give the bill my support,
