1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but I do not fuel that I can give it to-day, if pressed
to the passage of the bill now.
Mr. DAVIS, I should like exceedingly to get
the vote and support of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire to this bill; and I regret
very much that he has asked for further procras-
tination of the bill. It now has been before the
Senate since some time in February last.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
say that I do not ask delay with any desire to de-
feat the bill, if we can safely pass it, but in order
that we may see a little more clearly than we do
what the condition of things is to be?
Mr. DAVIS. Upon that point I will simply
make this remark: this is a totally new bill from
that which passed the House of Representatives,
and it has to go back to the House for their con-
cuuence in our amendments. The delay which
the Senator desires, and which he desires no doubt
from prudential and proper considerations, will
necessarily take place in the transmission of the
bill from this body to the House of Representa-
tives, and in its course through that body. In
addition to that, the President will have the bill
before him, and he can hold it up for ten days if
he chooses; and in addition to all that, he may
utterly refuse to give his consent to the raising of
the troops under the bill, and it falls as a dead
letter at once and forever. Now, it seems to me
that the bill cannot be better guarded than it is.
I have 110 doubt that some gentlemen are sus-
picious of the results of this bill in the State of
'Kentucky. Well, now, I assure gentlemen in all
sincerity that I believe this is an essential and
indispensable measure to keep that State in the
Union. I desire above all things that her position
in the Union she shall preserve intact and with
inviolable fidelity. The last fate and destiny that
I could wish to overtake my native State would
be to go into the southern confederation and under
Jeff Davis's rule. No, Mr. President, neither I,
nor the Governor of Kentucky, nor any Union
man who has acted with the Union party in that
'State, contemplates any such result as that, or that
this measure, or the forces which it may authorize
to be raised, shall be used with the least agency,
remote or present, direct or indirect, to any such
result.
In all frankness I admit that wear" not satisfied
with a part of the policy of the President in the
conduct of this wai; and, in all frankness, I con-
'cede that we arc not satisfied with many measures
which the majority in the two Houses of Congress
•have passed; but, in defiance of those measures, i
and without regard to their results and conse- '
quences, we want the Union and the Government
to prevail signally, successfully, and at once 111
this dreadful conflict. We believe thatdangerand
peril, to some extent, attend Kentucky from both
quarters; but the danger to result from the suc-
cess of the Union arms we believe to have no com-
parison in its amountand duration with that over-
whelming danger and destruction that would befall
the State and the whole country by the triumph
of the confederate cause. I pledge to gentlemen
my faith, honor, and word, so far as I understand
what will be the effects and operations of th is meas-
ure, and so far as 1 wish it to have any results
whatever, they will be signally and in good faith
• to maintain the Union cause in that State and in
the nation generally, and to put down secession-
ism and this rebellion. I give them that as the
word of a man of candor and truth, and it is all
the assurance that I can give them or my country
in relation to this measure.
Mr. CLARK. I presume that no Senator
doubted the loyalty of the Senator from Kentucky,
though it is exceedingly gratifying to hear from
him, as it is to hear from every Senator, his ex-
pressions of strong attachment to the Union. The
reasons which he mentions for delay, or the occa-
sions on which this bill will be delayed, do not
quite meet the objection that I raise to the bill. I
aesire to vote for the bill if I can. I do not desire
to be putinto an attitude of not voting foranythitig
which by any fair construction may be deemed
for the benefit of Kentucky to keep her within the
Union. Now if the bill is to be put upon its pas-
sage,'"I am to be called upon to vote to-day. If I
do not feel quite satisfied conscientiously to vote
for the bill, I must, as a matter of coiuse, vote
against it, and so must other friends of Kentucky
in the Senate, if they are in the snm  predicament
that I am. Ifit could He hero for some little time,
we might satisfy ourselves on this point and be
able to give our support to it. 1 think the Senator
from Kentucky would say thatthat would be desir-
able. Notwithstanding the bill might pass with
our negative votes, yet I think the'Senator from
Kentucky himself would desire to have as many
votes as he could got in the Chamber in favor of
the bill. It secures a unanimity of feeling; it se-
cures strength to the bill; it leads us to act har-
moniously, and therefore to act the more strongly.
It he will allow it to lie over for a few days, I shall
not oppose its being called up when he shall deem
it necessary to call it up and have it passed, after
we have had a little time for consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the session has
already advanced half of its teim. This bill, if
it pass the Senate, will have to go back to the
House of Representatives as an entirely new meas-
ure. It has met with a great deal of, I think, un-
just, impolitic opposition in the Senate. That is
only my opinion. It must meet with similar op-
position in the House. It seems to me that the
time of the session that remains unexpired admon-
ishes us that this bill, if it is to pass, ought to pass
now. I should like exceedingly to get the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire and every
Senator in itsfavoi; but, sir, " hope deferred mak-
eth the heart sick." I do trust that the Senate
will take the vote now, and will pass the measure.
Mr. CLARK. Then, air, 1 move that the bill
be postponed until this day week, so that it may
come up at a convenient time, and we may have
a little opportunity of considering it; and 011 that
motion 1 will ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. . This subject has been as
well discussed and as well considered as any bill
before the Senate. I think theie is not a single
Senator but what has made up his mind whether
or not he will vote to organize this force in the
State of Kentucky. I think I know more about
Kentucky thaiV>"my honorable friend from New
Hampshire,and I am satisfied that^his hill ought
to pass, and pass speedily. Wo most trustsome-
body, and this is a, time when, instead of making
new enemies, we must make friends. I think,
therefore, that if the condition of our country is
such that we cannot allow the Governor of the
State of Kentucky, under his own supervision, to
organize a force there for the local defense, we
might just as well disband all the troops organ-
ized in Kentucky Kentucky now has in the Army
some twenty 01 thirty thousand men. Perhaps
I understate it—forty thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. It has upwards of fifty thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. Kentucky has upwards of
fifty thousand men in the field. The history of our
battles shows that those troops fought, bravely,
never in any case flinching where other troupa
did their duty. They have proved themselves
equal to any of the troops from any of the adjoin-
ing States. The}'' have never hesitated to perform
the duly that was enjoined upon them by their
commanders. Some of the most brilliant officers
in the Army are from Kentucky. There is Gen-
eral Rousseau, and many others whom I might
name, who have distinguished themselves in all
the battle-fields of the West. Our expei lenec of
the Kentucky troops has shown us that we can
trust them and their commanders without hesita-
tion; and we can Uust the Govei nor under whom
they have been organized. Shall we hesitate now?
By passing this hill and organizing a force of
twenty thousand for one year, we only trust the
same class of men who on every battle-field have
shown their devotion to the country. Had we
not better organize twenty thousand men for a i
short period of time for defending the State of j
Kentucky, and thus relieve our own troops now
quartered within that State:
As I understand it, the only difference hntween
this class of troops and the three years' volunteers
is that these men are to be enlisted for but one
year. We know that many men who would be
willing to enter the service of the country for one
year could not, or think they could not,enlist for
three years. Men hesitate to enlist for so long a
period. Why, sir, if one year troops had been j«
organized in Ohio, instead of one hundred and ten |[
thousand men, you mij>ht have had double that ij
number; but men hesitated where their enlistment j.
was to be for three years. I have no doubt the
troops called out under this bill will be fully equal ■;
in point of material to any that have been organ-
ized in the State of Kentucky. Under the ctreum- jl
stances, therefore, I have no hesitation in voting
for this bill. I have no more reason .to-supp.pse-
that these twenty thousand nron, in any conceiv-
able state of circumstances, will turn their arnfs
againsttheGovernment, than I have that the fifty
thousand men now organized in the State of Ken-
tucky have done or will- do so. As a matter of
course we must trust them, and I trust them im-
plicitly. 1 have not the slightest doubt that they
will perform their duty.
A word more, and 1 am done. In this time of
trouble, I say, we musttrust more to each other,
and must have less suspicion, less distrust; we
must cling closer to each other, and gather around
each other. Every man that is willing to take up
arms in defense of his country, I am willing to
trust with those arms. He may prove a traitor;
but my own impression is that all the people who
\will prove traitors in Kentucky and in the south-
ern States are now in arms against us, and all that
are left 1 am willing to trust, if they are willing to
impose upon themselves the obligations of sol-
diers. I am willing to trust the Governor of the
State of Kentucky, who has aiready^>roved him-
self a loyal man. He may differ with me in re-
gard to many matters. He may differ in regard
to the proclamation; he may differ in regard to all
political questions; yet as long as 1 am satisfied
that he is a true lover of his country, and is will-
ing to fight for his country, I am willing to trust
him withouthesitation. I hope therefore that this
bill may pass. I believe it to be vitally important.
These troops may be organized in a short time.
Kentucky is now subject every day to inroads.
We have lost more property by these small in-
roads under General Morgan than we have by the
movements of large armies. The troops that will
be organized under this bill will be the very class
of men of all others that will best repel these sud-
den assaults, and enable usto gather all our army
in Kentucky, and move it further South.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, none of
these questions is without Us difficulties to my
mind. All these important questions are grave,
and worthy of careful consideration; but, sir, I
cannot disguise the fact, and cannot banish it from
my mind, that, owing to the present organization
of our Army, a very large portion of it, indeed
—an alarmingly large portion of it—will be dis-
banded in less than six months. Many regiments
of nine months' men will be disbanded. I think
some forty or fifty thousand men belonging to
what are called the two years' regiments will be
disbanded within three or four months; and with
the general work of disbandment now going on
in the Army, as appears by the papers, there be-
ing some eight thousand officers absent, and—-to
their everlasting shame be it spoken—some four
or five hundred officers without leave, unless we
take some steps to fill up the Army, we shall be
without defense, not onlyin the West, but in the
East. Unless this work of disintegration is
stopped, I should not be greatly surprised, al-
though I have no more lively fears than others,
if General Lee should give us an invitation to
leave this Capitol before the 4th day of March
next. Things almost as strange as that have hap-
pened.
Now, sir, although I should prefer troops be-
ing raised as they have been raised heretofore, yet
I am willing, in this emergency, to trust to the
gallantry of Kentucky troops, and to the unerring
aim of their rifles. I think it becomes a Questran
of vast importance, if not one of necessity; and
therefore, somewhat donbtingly, yet without a
great deal of hesitation, I shall vote for this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until Monday next, and
upon that question he requests the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Ulaik, Collamcr, Febsenden, Foot,
Grimes, Haiian, Howard, Kinsr. Pomeroy, Sumnei, Trum-
bull. Wade, ami Wiikm-on—13.
NAYS—Moms. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Oarliie,
Con an, Dnv]., Dixon, Foster, Hale. Harding, Harrir, Hen-
deison,'llowf\ Lane<>!' Indiana. Latham,NeMmtli, Powell,
Salisbury, tftumnan. Ten Evck, VViHej, Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and WnglH—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the passage of the bill, upon which t??<*
yeas and nays have been ordered.
