1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
ure yet before Congress which met with tli^ap-
probation of everybody; but as to the necessity
for this measure, I do not expect to meet on this
flooi with a/man who is willing to hold his seat
here, and yet say that this power shall not be ex-
ercised by the Geneial Government whenever it
becomes necessary for the preservation of the
Constitution and the unity of the Republic. And,
Mr. Speaker, I think we shall all agree that the
time has come, however much we may regret it,
when, by the authority of the law, the Govern-
ment shall arm itself with every power that lies
in the strong arms and loyal hearts of her people.
Every soldier heretofore in the field has gone volun-
tarily to the assistance of the Government. They
have encountered all of the perils and all of the dan-
gers of the war. They have endured its calami-
ties. They have seen  victory and defeat. They
went there in obedience to that patriotism which
prefers death to the destruction of the Union.
I should have been glad to have seen this rebel-
lion crushed by the voluntary efforts of the cit-
izens of the Republic. But it this cannot be, I be-
lieve it to be a part of my duty to place at the com-
mand of the Geneial Government every soldier
capable of bearing arms, and thus give the rebel
confederacy to understand, give the world to un-
derstand, that the destruction of the Republic will
never come until the Republic becomes a solitude
and a desert. 1 do not hesitate, falter, or doubt
as to the policy of this measure, because I know it
is the only safe road to peace and tranquillity—
that the end to this disastrous period will be most
speedily attained by bringing all the resources of
the Government, devoting the last man and every
dollar to crush this rebellion.
We are well aware that there arc a variety of
modes sometimes resorted to for the purpose of
defeating a direct vote upon any measure brought
before the House for its consideration. I hope
to see nothing of the kind on this occasion. I
/hope to see this measure discussed on its merits
by the gentlemen who desire to discuss it. I re-
peat, sir, I do not expect to be met here by any
factious opposition to the passage of the bill, i
do not expect to be told that gentlemen feel con-
strained to vote against tins measure because an
opportunity ia not afforded to alter some of the
minor details of the bill. Such a course, m this
great exigency of public affairs, would, in my
judgment, be alike unbecoming and unpatriotic.
That the path of duty may be made clear, and
all such excuses or pretenses for opposition to this
measure removed, I now state that I intend to
bring in a bill from the Committee on Military
Affairs supplying some omissions in thu? bill,
when full opportunity to alter and perfect the de-
tails of thiy bill will be given gentlemen. 1 want
to clothe the Government at once with the power
necessary for welf-defense. Duty, patriotism,
every instinct of seff-preservation demand this,
and demand that it be done now, I deem it the
imperative duty of the friends of the Government,
friends of the Union, to secure at all hazards the
right to biing to the support of the Union cause
all the resources of the Republic. When that
measure is secure I am willing that whatever time
in the few remaining houis of this Congiess can
bo devoted to impioving or perfecting the bill shall
be devoted to that purpose.
After this explanation and assurance I do not.
expect to see any captious opposition to this
measure. Do not, I beseech you, fai! to under-
stand and appreciate the temper of the times.
Trilles in details will not excuse opposition to this
measure. The term of'service of many of our
soldiers v ill soon expire. Their places must be
speedily supplied. We cannot aw.tit the .slow
process of' voluntary enlistment. We owe «t to
the gail-nt dead; wo owe it to those who have
yetsuiVLVed the hardshipsund perils of the war;
we owe jr to the Union we love and revere, that
this measure speedily becomes a iaw. it will give
confidence to our tioops in the field. It will give
confidence to the count* y; but, above all, it will
demonstrate to th" compiehension of the whole
world that the unity of the Republic shall be pre-
served so long ass there remains one strong arm
and loyal iic.au to defend and preserve it.
i\I, . ^praker, it j3 the first time in the history
of the Republic that Congress has been called
upon f i -xeivise that power given by the Consti-
tution '•:) raise and support armies" in the true
and proper sense of the grant. Heretofore the
soldiers of the Republic have voluntarily entered
its service, or have done so in pursuance of a call
made upon the Governors of .the several States,
either voluntarily or by constraint of State laws.
This is tli-3 first attempted ex :cise of thM great
power, morethan all others the index of our national-
ity, to compel all our citizens to devote their lives
to sustain, defend, and perpetuate the life of the
Republic.
Some objections are made to this measure.
First, that it does not a$k the cooperation of the
States, and invite the instrumentality of State or-
ganizations in raising these troops conceded to be
necessary at this time. My firstnnsweris, there
is no time to employ such instrumentality. Many
of our State Legislatures would not and could
not perfect such measures within the next twelve
months. In the mean time untold disasters would
very likely befall our arms by reason of such de-
lay. All concede the present is the critical period
of the war, and that the present exigency demands
imperiously that whatever of vigor, whatever of
authority, whatever of power, the national Gov-
ernment has as a Government, should beexerted
at this time.
My second answer is, that this " power to raise
and supportarmies,"expressly given by the Con-
stitution to Congress, should be exetcised by Con-
gress, and not petitioned for as a boon from the
State governments. This idea of calling upon
the Governors of the States to furnish troops has
its origin in that accursed doctrine of State rights,
State sovereignty, which has been chiefly instru-
mental in bringing upon the Republic our present
calamity. It is high time the Federal Govern-
ment exerted cveiy power cleatly and expressly
granted to it. And if the Government cannot ex-
ercise those powers, the sooner we "know it the
better, and let us resolve again into that Confed-
eracy which existed before the formation of the
Federal Constitution. I am unwilling to rely upon
State instrumentality for the exercise of this sov-
ereign power. I wish now that the Government,
as a Government, should be felt in the exercise
of its rightful authority. This is not the time to
abdicate any of the sovereign powers granted in
the Fedeial Coustitf lion, or to withhold their ex-
ercise.
I am not about to discuss the details of this bill.
The hill has been drawn up with great consider-
ation and care to my personal knowledge. Some
of the best and most enlightened intellects in the
Army have been brought to the preparation of
this measure. The bill, in all its details, may be
better possibly than any majority of this House
conid -suggest.. 1 do not know how that may he,
but I do know that great caie and patient atten-
tion have been brought to the consideration of this
measui e.
Cut upon a measure of thiskind I am unwilling
to ask a vote until gentlemen who ate desirous of
discussing it upon its merits shall have had an op-
portunity to do so. I hope and trust that any
such discussion may be confined to the merits of
the bill, and that the discussion will not, as too
often happens in this House, wander off upon a
variety of subjects entirely disconnected with the
subject before the House. I now move that the
bill be lecommitted to the Committee on Military
Affaiis.
Air. 1IOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New Yoik whether I understood him to say
that he should notgive opportunity to olferamend-
ments to the hill ?
Mr.OLlN. The gentleman certainly could not
have misunderstood me if he had listened to my
remarks. I stated that I was unwilling to hazard
the passage of this bill by putting amendments to
it, and thereby sending it back to the Senate at
this late hour uf the session.
I sut-'d fuither that I intended, if the House
would give us the liberty to do so, to bring in a
bill speedily, and thereby affording an opportu-
nity to perfect or modify the bill a3 the House
thought proper. I further stated that i was un-
willing—and I want the gentleman to understand
me—to hazard the passage of this bill by amend-
ments or by motions to adjourn, or other dilatory
motions which ate sometimes resorted to.
Mr. HOLMAN". There is no intention, or at
least wish, to filibuster upon this bill, and there
is no gentleman, I presume, opposed to its details
who carcs to discuss it unless an opportunity to
ofiec amendments is afforded. For what can de-
bate amount to without the opportunity to amend?
It is not for the mere purpose of expressing opin-
ions hostile to the measure that discussion is de-
sired, but for the purpose of perfecting the bill so
that, shorn of it^ objectionable features, it may-
pass wit1"1 some degree of unanimity through this
House. It is important that a well-digested mili-
tia bill should be passed by Congress, curing the
defects in the existing law, and therefore I would
suggest that instead of general discussion on this
bill it should be read by clauses for amendment,
and that the discussion should be confined to such
amendments, and for a limited time to each mem-
ber speaking:.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to amend the mo-
tion to refer, by instructing the committee to re-
port back the bill with the following provision:
Tli.it it shall be the duty of the commander of troop? at
any post, in any State, on tlie days of election, by the cit-
izens of such State, liuld for the puipobc of electing State
officers, or officers of the United State'?, or Repi e«?ntativps
in Congress, or electors forthe Piesident or Vice PieMdent,
to lemove and keep his troops at ieast one mile horn the
place of voting duting said election.
Air. COX. I move to amend the amendment
by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, Thnt no one shall he enrolled under this act
except able-bodied white male citizens of the United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
If I understand this matter correctly, the gentle-
man from New York moved to commit this bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs. If so, then
I make the point that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] i3 not
in order, as not being germane to the motion.
The SPEAKER. According to the rules of the
House, a motion to commit may be amended by
the addition of instructions, and therefoie the
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr.BlDDLE. Is the bill now open for debate?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Air. BIDDLE. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that
as much as any man upon this floor 1 am in favor
of a thorough and efficient organization of our mil-
itary forces. I think I could appeal to my votes
here, or to my antecedents anywhere, to sustain
my in that asseition. I am one of those, sir, who
do not wish to sec again the day when Pennsyl-
vania shall be trodden by the foot of an invader,
and with impunity. But in perusing this bill,
which we have all had to do very hastily. I saw
several matters in it which I thought could be im-
proved by amendments which, might be accepta-
ble to the supporters of this bill, and deprive it of
some of its nfcst odious features I shall make
my suggestions with the hope that they may meet
the favor of the majority of this House, and thus
their insertion in the bill may be effected.
It is therefore, of course, not now my inten-
tion to dwell long upon the general scope and ten-
dency of this and kindred measures to which I
suppose the majority of this House have com-
mitted themselves so fully that no argument can
move them. This is^ait of a series of measures
which, to my mind, seem materially to alter the
structure of the Government under which we live.
The bill to transfer to the President, without lim-
itation of time or place, our power over the writ
of habeas corpus; the bill of indemnity which, to
use the words of the Senate's amendment, se-
cures for all wrongs or trespasses committed by
any officer of the Government full immunity if he
pleads in the courts of justice the order of the
President, and which also deprives State courts
of their jurisdiction in such cases; the bank bill,
which puts the purse strings in the same hands
! with the sword—these bills, to my mind, couple
themselves with this bill, and they seem to me,
taken together, to change the whole framewoik of
this Government, and instead of the constitutional
I Govei nment winch was originally so carefully de-
i vised for this country, they leave us a system
j which does not materially differ, according to
any definition 1 can frame, from the despotism of
France or of Russia.
This particular bill, to sum it up in a word, for
I shall not continue at any length the3c general
objections, turns the militia of the United States
iiuo a regular army. That is its leading feature.
I do not intend twanimad vei t upon small p<u ticu-
lais, such as, for instance, that while the Execu-
tive Departments of the Governmen tare exempted
from the draft members of Congress are made sub-
ject to it. i allude to that merely as otie of thosa
