1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
straws which show which way the wind blows in
these times. But the two sections to which I
hoped to offer amendments successfully are the
fifth and seventh sections of this bill; and as I am
a little hoarse I will ask the Clerk to read those
two sections from the desk.
The Clerk read the two sections, as follows:
Sec. 5. J3nd be it further enacted, That for each of said
district* there shall be appointed bvtho President a provost
marshal, with the rank, pay, ami emoluments of a captain
of cavalry, or an officer of said rank shall b*c detailed by the
President, who shall be under the direction and subject to
the oidcis of a Provost Marshal Gcucuil, appointed or de-
tailed by the President ot the United States, whose office
shall be at the seat ol Government, fanning a separate bu-
reau of the War Department, and whose rank, pay, niul
emoluments shall be those of a coloncl of cavalry. (
Sec. 1. JJnd be it further enacted., That it shall be the i
duty of the provost maishals to aireet all deserters, whether
regulars, volunteeis, militiamen, oi persons called into the ,
seiviee under this or any other act of Congress, wherever
they may be found, and to send them to the neaie&t military
commander or mihtarv post; to inquire into and repoit to
the Provost Matshul General all ti«a*.onable practices ; to
detect, seize, and confine spies of the enemy: to obey all
lawful oideis and (emulations of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral and such as may be prescribed by law concerning the
emollimmt and calling into service of the national foices.
Mr. BIDDLE. Look at these provisions; a
provost marshal in every congressional district,
to " inquire into and report all treasonable prac-
tices," arresting summarily under this act, or un-
der no act, but under some order or proclamation,
any one who may be obnoxious to him or his su-
periors. Five of these functionaries will reign at
once in Philadelphia—twenty-five in Pennsylva-
nia; a proportional number in all the other States.
Why, Athens had but thirty imposed on her by
military power, and such was their rule that, in
Grecian history, the year of the thirty tyrants was
known as " the year of anarchy."
These two sections, Mr. Speaker, cover the
whole country with a network of military author-
ity. For the first time this new character in civil
society, the provostmarsfral, is recognized by law,
and without those limitations on his authority
which are necessary for the protection of the citi-
zen from those extraordinary abuses of power of
which we have already seen so many examples.
I do not speculate on what will be the construc-
tion of the authority of these officers. I have no
occasion to speculate on it. I presume that we
may fairly "judge the future by the past;" and I
send to the Clerk's desk documents that are as
explicit as they are authoritative in giving us the
views of the Administration on this subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Order of the Secretary of HVar.
August 8, 18G2
Ordered—First. That all United States manhals, and
supet nitemlcnu and chiefs of police ot any town, city, or
district, bo, and tneyate iteieby, authoiizcd and directed to
airc- t and impi i«?on any person oi persons who may be en-
gaged, by any act of speech or writing, in discouraging vol-
unteer enlistments, or m any way giving aid and comfort
to the enemy, or any di-loyal practice Ji^auwt the United
States.
Second. That immediate report be made to Major L. C.
Turner, jud?e advocate, in oidei that such pei on? may
be tried before a military commission.
Thiid. That the expenses of such arrest, and imprison-
ment will be certified to the chief clerk of the War De-
partment for settlement and payment.
EDWIN7 M. STANTON,
Secietany of IFar,
By the President of the United States of America.
a proclamation.
Whereas it has become necessary to call Into service not
only volunteeis, butalso portions of the militia of the States
by draft, in oider tft suppiess the insurrection existing m the
United States, and disloyal parties aie not adequately ic-
strained by the ordinary piocesses of law fiom hindering
this measure, and fiom giving aid and comtbitin vaiious
ways to the instureetion : Now, therefore, be it ordeied,
First. That during the existing msuirection, and as a
necessary measure for suppressing the same, all icbels and
in&uigents, their aider-? and abettors within the United
States, and all persons discouraging volunteer enlistments,
resisting the militia diafts, or guilty ot disloyal practices
aftoidmg <ud and comfort to thV lebcllion against the au-
thority of the United States, shall hcMibjectto martial law,
and liable to tual and punishment by courts-marual or mil-
itary commission.
Second That the wiit of hrrhsa* rorpits is suspended in
respect to all person" attested, or w ho are now or may here-
after, during the rebellion, be imprisoned in any foit,camp,
aisenal, militaiy pu- on. or other place of confinement by
any military authority, or by the sentence of any court-
martial oi military commission.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set myhnnd, and
r , caused the sea! of the United States to be af-
tL* S-J fixed. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Done at the city of Washington, this the 24th day of Sep-
tember, in the year of our Loid 1802, and of the inde-
pendence of the United States the eighty-seventh.
By the President: WILLIAM H. SEWARD,
Secretary of State.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
that I need tell any member of this House how
deep and strong a feeling of indignation was
roused throughout this country by the announce-
ment that ail civil law, with all its guards and
guarantees of justice and liberty, had been swept
away by the fiat of executive power. Instead
of "the Constitution, and the laws made in pur-
suance thereof,"'being the supreme law of the
land, the will of the President, as declared through
the military authorities, was to be the law of a
people bred in the enjoynHmt and in the love of
constitutional freedom.
The Executive, empowered, as the very word
shows, only to execute known laws, establishes
"martial law," that is, "the will of a conqueror,"
over all the people of the North. I should think
that gentlemen on the other side of the House
would concur with us very heartily in condemna-
tion of these measures; for I do believe that the
trivial, wanton, fantastic, ridiculous acts of arbi-
trary power committed under this proclamation,
did more to defeat many of the candidates of the
Republican party in the recent elections than any-
thing else that could be urged against them; yes,
even more than their negro policy. But I do not
wish to speak as a politician. 1 feel a personal
interest, an interest as a citizen, that things should ,
not go on thus; for I believe it is at the constant
risk of lighting up the flame of social revolution
around your hearthstones and mine. Let us be
warned in time. Have you noted the significant
circumstance of men fresh from unjust imprison-
ment in Federal dungeons being received with
high public honors and elevated to high positions ?
Mr. DAVIS. Will my c&league allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BIDDLE. I will not refuse my colleague's
request.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman inform the
House who it is that will inaugurate a revolution
in the North—the Republican party or the party
with which the gentleman acts?
Mr. BIDDLE. I think, sir, it will be an out-
raged people, without respect to party. I believe
that the spirit which animated Hampden and the
men of the English Revolution is not extinct in
the age in which we live. That flame was bright-
ened "by the great example of the men of our own
Revolution. I do not know a district in Pennsyl-
vania, no, not one, where it is certain that this
provost marshal, this little military despot, can
exercise over free-born citizens the sway that is
claimed for him, and which we have no power to
legalize. You can give him no right to airest or
to imprison citizens. Here is the opinion of the
great old English judge, Sir Matthew Hale, and
also Blackstone's. Sir Matthew Hale, who died
in 167G, says:
" But touching the business of maitial law, these things
aie to be observed, namely : Fn-t, that in truth and icnhty
it is not a law, but something indulged lather than allowed
as a law ; the necessity of government, order, and discip-
line m the Aimy, that only which can give those laws
a countenance, quod emm ?iccessitas cogit defendi.
" Secondly. This indulged law was only to extend to
membeisof the aimy. or to those of the opposite anny;
and novel was so much indulged as intended to be executed
or exercised upon otheis; for others who were not listed
under the army, had no eoioi or reason to be bound by mil-
itary constitutions applicable only to the aimy, wheicof
they were not parts; but they wcie to be oidcied and gov-
erned according to the laws* to which they were subject,
though it were a time of war."
Blackstonc, who delivered his lectures in 1758,
afterwards published as commentaries on the law
of England, and who was no enemy of power,
when he comes to martial law rejects it;
" For martini law which is built upon no settled princi-
ples, but is entirely aibitiaiy in its? decisions, i«, as Sir
Matthew Hale observes, in tiuth and reality no law, but
something indulged rather than allowed as law. The no-
ce-sit) of oidcr and di-ciplme in an army i- ihe only thing
which can  tve it countenance ; and thcrefoie it ought uot
to be permitted in time of peace, when the king's courts are
open to ail persona to receive justice according to the laws
ol the land.'5
Mr. Speaker, the question addressed to me by
my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] introducing party poli-
tics, suggests to me to mention to the House an-
other most significant sign of these times. Within
the hist two weeks tin; Republican Governor of
the State of Pennsylvania, who has done as much
as any man in the country for the support of the
Federal Government in this war, has addressed a
solemn message to the Legislature with regard to
these arrests. These arrests were flagrantly in
violation of the whole body and spirit of the Con-
stitution,and especially in violation of the fourth,
fifth, and sixth amendments, with threading of
which 1 will venture to refresh the minds of the
House. Too many, I fear, have forgotten them.
"Art. IV. The right of the people to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable
searches and seizui t;s, shall not be. violated, and no warrants
shall issue but upon probable cause, supported by oath or
affirmation, and particularly describing the place lo be
seaiched and the peisons or things to be seized.
"Art. V. No person shall be held to anvwer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment or
indictment of a grand jury, except in eases arising in the
land or naval forces, oi: In the militia when in actual ser-
vice in time of war or public danger; nor shall any person
be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy
of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any cuminaicase
to be a witness against himself, nor be depiived of life,
liberty, or property, without due piocess of law; nor«haIl
private propeuy be taken for public use without just com-
pensation.
"Art. VI. In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial
jury of the State and distiiet wherein the crime shali have
been committed which district shall have been previously
ascertained by Taw, and to be informed of the nature and
cause of the accusation; to be confronted by the witnesses
against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining
witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of coun-
sel for his defense."
Mr. Speaker, the subject of these illegal arrests
has been lately before the highest tribunal of
Pennsylvania, and the jury, under the instruction
of the chief justice of our supreme court, found a
verdict for the plaintiff against the marshal of the
United States.
Mr. OLIN. I would suggest, in all good na-
ture, to thegentleman from Pennsylvania the pro-
priety of confining himself to a discussion of this
bill.
Mr. BIDDLE. I believe 1 am discussingtliebill
about as closely as anybody can discuss it. 1 am
pointing out the dangers that may arise from the
grants of power in th is bill. I am instancing certain
recentabtises of power, and showing them to have
been unlawful in thejudgment ofhigh authorities.
According to any notion of logic or relevancy that
[ possess^ I hold myself to be strictly and clearly
in order. I was about to send to the Cletk's desk
to have read a short extract from the charge of
that eminent jui ist, Chief Justice Lowrie of the
supreme court of Pennsylvania, to the jury in the
case of Hodgson against Millward and others.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The next important element in this cause is the alleged
fact tliat tlic net complained of was authorized hytlie Pres-
ident ot the United States, and was executed by important
Federal officers. But tins clement loses all its legal im-
pel tanee when we consider that ail public functionanes in
tins land aie under law, and thai none, from the highest to
the lowest, are above it. They, as well as we, are under
the Constitution anil laws ol the United States, and sworn
to support, protect, and detend them, or take iheni as their
rule ot civil and official conduct, and they and we are to be
judged bv them in oui civil and official conduct in all ap-
propuale eases. Tile acts ol the President and ofhis sub-
ordinates are, therefore, without i igbt, unless they aie au-
thorized bv some article of the Constitution, or ol the lawn
made under it anil consistent with it. Uo can make no law
that can vest in llim any new authoiity, or that can piotcct
those who obey his authorized orders, tie would notelann
that lie could." * * " A * * *
" Our Constitution was framed when the remembrance
of the excitements, su-picions, divisions, disloyalty, and
tieasons of the Revolution were yet fresh in the minds of
our statesmen, and under the ligiitof all its expeiiencc, and
they left no gap in it to be supplied by the feats or suspi-
cious of excited tunes. It is still a sufficient rule of piac-
tice for our Government, and it, better than anything el-e,
embodies the settled and sober thought of this people.
When we depau from it we expose ouiaelves to the luleof
j'oicc. and to incalculable divisions of opinion, of counsds,
and of action."
Mr. EIDDLE. These same truths, which not
long since would have been deemed self-evident,
were lately reasserted with firmness and precision
by Judge Ludlow in the court of highest criminal
juiisdiciion in Philadelphia.
In order, Mr. Speaker, to exhibit the more clear-
ly the aim of the course of argument winch I am
puisuing, I will state to the House the general
purport of the amendments which it is the object
of my remarks to recommend to its favor. At the
end of the seventh section, which gives vague
powers to provost marshals to inquire into the
vague offense of treasonable practices, I propose
to add a proviso that nothing in this act contained
shall authorize the arrest or trial by military au-
thority of any person who is not in the military
service of the United States, nor drafted into the
same under the piovisions of this actj nor shali
the said provost marshal or any other officer of
the United States interfere with the lawful exer-
cise of the elective franchise in any State orTet-
