278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
in suppressing the rebellion, the only exception
being that in this bill the words are, "in sup-
pressing; Indian hostilities." If all the loyal States
had had Indian outbreaks within their limits, I
presume this bill would pass with the same facility
that that did last year. It is a very easy matter
to run this bill over this session to the next. The
money is going to poor men, farmers and team-
sters. • Sir, had we in Minnesota been as slow as
the eastern States in raising our quota of troops,
we would have had enough of men there paid by
the Government to defend us.
Gentlemen talk about frauds. I do not doubt *
that frauds have been committed under the other
bill, as the Senator from Maine has said, and that
others will be committed; but there the door was
open for hundred's and hundreds of millions.
Here the amount is limited. When an outbreak
like that of the Indians in Minnesota, extending
over five hundred miles on the frontier, our troops
absent from the State, the attack made without
any notice whatever, we losing from one to two
thousand of our citizens, is put down, as that was
put down, by the State at so small an expense, I
think it compares very favorably, for the integrity
and efficiency of the executive of Minnesota, with
the expenses that have been incurred by other
States and Territories in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities, where there has not been a tithe of the
number of persons murdered, or a tithe of the
amountof property destroyed. If this bill is de-
layed a few days now, it may be passed over for
another year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will offer as an amend-
ment the limitation contained in the law I read a
moment ago, confining it to the enrolling and
arming of the troops. That will confine it prop-
erly to military operations.
The VICE 'PRESIDENT. There is now an
amendment to au amendment pending.
Mr. RICE. J will state to the Senator that it
would be hardly possible to carry that out, be-
cause the citizens turned out and went into the
field themselves without being enrolled. This is
to pay for the transposition and the cost of the
supplies. Hundreds there turned out with their
muskets, went into the field, and fought and pre-
sented no claims, and I do not know that they
will ever present any.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let it be so framed as
to cover the transportation of troops called into
the service for the suprm.ssion of that outbreak.
Mr. RICE. The y were not troops. I am will-
ing that any safeguard should bo put upon the
bill. These accounts must be audited here at the
Treasury, and they will run from fifty cents up to
a bundled dollars. -
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
why Minnesota does not do as all the other States
have done, pay these bills and then come to Con-
gress; because if that is done they will be very
careful what they pay.
Mr. RICE. J suppose I might answer the
question by asking why a poor man does not pay
his debts as well as a rich man. However, the
State has appropiiated money for this purpose,
and, as the Governor states, has appointed a board
who are auditing the accounts under a State law. I
Cut the State under her constitution cannot bor- j
row any more than she has borrowed—£250,000. |
She has no money to pay, but lias to give hercei- 1
tificates of indebtedness for these amountsas fast '
as the accounts are audited. The State has as- 1
oumed the payment, and has issued certificates of
indebtedness* and those who leceivo the ccrtifi- j
cates areobliged to keep them until Congress shall :
appropriate the money, or to dispose of them at I
a very large discount to men who have money, :
and when (he claims get into the hands of those :
men, there will perhaps be less difficulty in getting :
the appiopriation through than now; but they are !
in the hands of poor men, those who arc living I
upon the fiontiei, and all that many of them have i
upon the face of the earth is a certificate given by .
the State for the amount which they expended in :
suppressing these hostilities, as stated in the Gov- i
ernor's letter. {
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose it is in Minnesota !
just as it is in the Stale of which I am a citizen. :
It is no disparagement and no disgrace to my State i
for me to Kay that we are poor, that we have not j
any money in the treasury. We cannot borrow, j
The constitution limits the amount we are au- j
thorc^-d to borrow. j
Mr.FESSENDEN. Change your constitution.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; but in the mean time
the people of Minnesota might starve to death be-
fore their constitution could be changed. We can-
not borrow the money. We are obliged, there-
fore, to issue what are, called treasury warrants,
State warrants. These warrants are bought up
by men who are so fortunate as to have a little
money, at an exorbitant discount, which comes
off the men who have performed this service to
the country by turning out and furnishing their
teams and the supplies with which the army to
put down this Indian incursion was supported.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that a more equit-
able claim could not be presented to Congress.
Here was the State of Minnesota, that had re-
sponded patriotically and manfully to the call of
the President. She had sent to the field some of
the best soldiers that were ever enrolled in any
army. She had complied with the full requisitions
that had been made upon her. Almost every able-
bodied citizen in the State had gone from her lim-
its to swell the armies of this Government. While
those citizens were thus away from the State, the
Indians, impelled and instigated,as it is believed,
by emissaries from the southern confederates,
made an invasion within the State and broke up
the settlements,destroyed an immense amountof
property, and destroyed great numbers of human
lives. Minnesota is a poor State. Those that did
survive, and were not in the war, rendered their
services, expended their money, furnished their
transportation, supplies, everything that the com-
mander wanted; and now when they come here,
in this condition of things, with the able-bodied
men of the State away, unable to support their
families, those families in many instances depend-
ent on charity, and ask to be paid, even if there
was an opportunity for a little fraud to be perpe-
trated under the law, I should be impelled to vote
for this appiopiiation of $200,000. Why, sir, to-
day we have passed a bill giving to the State of
Kentucky twenty thousand men to resist an inva-
sion or an insurrection there; and here, when the
State of Minnesota comes and only asks for the
paltry sum of $200,000 to reimburse the citizens
of that State for their expenditure, in putting down
an Indian insurrection 
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Iowa will
allow me to say that no one objects to putting
Minnesota on the same footing with any other
State. We have provided twenty thousand men
for Kentucky, and all the expenses incurred in
organizing,equipping, arming, feeding,supplying
those troops will be provided for by the United
States. There is no objection to the same provis-
ion for Minnesota.
Mr. GRIMES. What would Senators have?
How do they propose to have the bill amended?
Why do they not specify wherein this bill is defect-
ive? Why do they not pom tout what improvement
they would have made to it ? Why content them-
selves with simply ca\ iling and carping at the bill
as it now stands? The bill says that the Governor
of the State shall be paid for the expenses prop-
erly incurred by the State, in doing What? " in
suppressing Indian hostilities." Now, who is to
determine whether the money was properly ex-
pended or not? Your own officer, your Secretary
of theTrcasury; and he is to determine itaccord-
lnjr to the precedents that have already been es-
tablished by himself or by his predecessors m
office in like cases. Could you have any greater
giiai an tee than the precedents that have been estab-
lished undersimilarcircumstonces by your Treas-
ury officers ? 11 seems to me not. R<; imburs< men t is
to be made tor the expenses properly incurred
by said State in suppressing Indian hostilities."
How were they suppressed? Otherwise thaiVby
military organizations? Surely not. Then, it
seems to me, he would confine himself, m making
his payments, to vouchers that wcie presented to
him either to nay military organizations, or to pay
for the transportation or the supplus that were
furnished to military organizations. I think there
could not be a claim which commends itself to the
judgment of the Senate more than this.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Iowa in-
quires what would Senators have; why, instead
of caviling against this bill, do they not point out
exactly what me the defects of it, and say what
they would have ? I desire, in answer to the Sen-
ator from iowa, to say precisely what I would
have. I would have this: I would have the Gov-
ernor of the State of Minnesota, or the Governor
of the State of Iowa, collect these accounts to-
gether, and say what is proper to be allowed; I
would have him state his account, and then I
would pay it. I would not set aside a fund to be
picked by everybody who can have a claim against
it, in the first instance; but I would ascertain the
amount to be paid on the several accounts, and
then I would pay the sum justly due. I have sev-
eral times called the attention of the Senate to this
manner of legislating; we have in regard to sev-
eral private claims authorized this officer or that
officer to examine the claim, and to pay not ex-
ceeding a certain amount, or without limit, and
we have sometimes found ourselves taxed enor-
mously in that way. I can point out instances
now before the Committee on Claims, where a
certain fund has been set aside for paying certain
claims, and people come in and make a claim on
the fund, and say, " you have got it appropriated,
let us have it." They seem to understand that
because so much has been appropriated to pay
certain claims, it is all, therefore, to go.
Now, it seems to me a better way of legislating
is to do exactly what an individual would do—as-
certain what is to be paid, then put our hands in
our pockets, or appropriate the money to pay it,
and then we shall know what we are doing, and
that is the safe way of legislating. I do not know
but what it may cause unnecessary—no, not un-
necessary—perhaps considerable delay to those
poor people. I desire that they should be paid.
Mr. RICE. The Senator will pardon me a mo-
ment. 1 think he labors under a misapprehension.
Mr. CLARK. I may under two or three.
Mr. RICE. The bill does not provide for pay-
rnentto the State until these accounts have all been
audited and settled at the Treasury Departmentby
the proper accounting officers.
Mr. CLARK. I understand all that.
Mr. RICE. It is precisely the same principle
applied to this case that was involved last year in
the bill for the relief of the Senator's State, with
other States; and if the objections had been made
then that are made now, i think, perhaps, there
would have been a great many millions of dollars
more in the Treasury of the United States thau
arc now in it.
Mr. CLARK. Thatmaybe so. Idonotknow
but thatour legislation heretofore has been wrong;
if it has been, I desire to correct it. But I think
lam under no misapprehension in the particular
which the Senator specifies. My point is, that I
would ascertain these claims in the first instance,
just what they are; and then if they be $150,000
and so many cents, appropriate $150,000 and
so many cents, when you have ascertained the
amount due; and not appropriate a sum in gross,
say not exceeding $200,000, and leave everybody
to come in under that and get as much as he can
of that fund.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Hampshiie whether, when
troops were first called out to suppress the rebel-
lion, New Hampshire expended any money in
raising volunteers, and whether the Government
did not refund to the State of New Hampshire
what she expended for her volunteers ?
Mr. CLARK. I understand that the State of
New Hampshire did expend a large amount; and
the Government, instead of refunding that money,
refunded but a very small portion of it. I do not
understand that New Hampshire has settled her
account, or made any claim here for any account.
I undeitake to say that when New Hampshire's
account is settled, she will be willing to state her
account, every item of it, and will not ask Con-
gress to appropriate the money until she does
state the account. At least, I hope that will be
her course; I certainly should advocate that course;
and that is all I desire here. It is not that I find
any fault wuh the honesty of the claim; but I
desire the claim in all these cases to be stated
before it is paid. I am not objecting that the claim
is dishonest, but I object to'this method of legis-
lation, because it opens the way to so many abuses.
The Senate will perhap3 recollect the private claim
of Fisher, where we authorized the Secretary o<
War to examine and adjust it and allow so much
as he thought necessary; and he allowed, I think,
some $60,000, where only ^2,000 were claimed;
and both Houses of Congress at the next session
repealed the resolution and set his decision aside.
So in the ease of De Groot; and I might mention
