1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Sir, we have been too lenient on this and kin-
dred subjects. Let me tell gentlemen on the other
side that so far from condemning these arrests, it
would be better for them if they could read the
writing on the wall, and make their peace with
liberty and their country while there is yet time.
If they cannot see the evidence of a healthy reac-
tion among the masses they are blind to the signs
of the times. The error of the Government has
been leniency. If it had given to traitors a drum-
head court-martial and hempen cord, it would
better have pleased the loyal men in the United
States. [Applause in the galleries.] If I mistake
not, the day is not far distant when the people
will be so aroused against rebellion that trai-
tors, their aideis and abottois, will call upon the
rocks and mountains to cover them. *1 tell gen-
tlemen who sympathize with secession that this
country has not yet gone to the wall. It is not
yetdestroyed. There is a love of liberty, an in-
telligence among the masses, a vitality in this
country, that will save it. It is in evidence here,
in the bill before me, in which the Senate of the
United States devote every able-bodied man of all
our twenty millions to the cause of liberty! Let
this House do likewise. Let no captious opposi-
tion be made to this bill. Let no effort be made to
defeat it by senseless and invidious amendments.
Stand by it as we have it; and let us be patriotic
enough also to give every able-bodied man in the
land to crush out this accursed rebellion.
Mr. Sneaker, one word in regard to the Gov-
ernor or Pennsylvania. The gentleman [Mr.
Biddle] has referred to his message with com-
mendation. I wish to relieve the Governor of
Pennsylvania from the injury which I apprehend
this commendation might visit him with. The
Governor of Pennsylvania, in that message, takes
the ground that these so-called arbitrary arrests
were proper at the time they were made—at the
beginning of this rebellion, when the Government
was callcd upon to meet a terrible, organized re-
bellion, withoutprepuration,and withouta knowl-
edge of how far the conspiracy extended—but
that he thought we had now reached u point when
we might establish by due course of law the ne-
cessary penalties and modes of procedure for the
punishment of seditious offenses.
Sir, that is just what we are about to do. I
agree with him that we have now reached a point
in the progress of this rebellion when we should
abide by established law for the punishment of
traitors. If my colleague will read this bill care-
fully, he will find that all those persons who are
subject to military rules and regulations arc to be
punished by military tribunals. That is right.
.The practice of all civilized communities author-
izes that to be done in time of war, foreign or do-
mestic.
By the twenty-fourth section of this bill all
persons who aie not subject to the rules and ar-
ticles of war, who commit any of the offenses
enumerated in that section are to be punished ac-
cording to the mode established by the Congress
of the united Staff's, and fully provided for m the
bill itself or by well established law. I ngtee with
my colleague as to the pioprioty of this, and I
hope he will with me give his suppoit to the bill
in the form in which it is presented, at least with-
out material amendment."
Now, sir, there was an intimation thrown out
by my colleague—often repeated from that side !
of the House—that if we proceed with proper 1
measures—measures which they are pleased to call '
unconstitutional—to make arrests and put down i
the rebellion, we will stir up revolution at the ;
North. I am not afraid of any social or political j
revolution in the fiee States. If gentlemen anay !
themselves against the country and thcAdmims- '
tration—and i do not say that my coifcogne is one j
of them—but if any such there be, ond* they see i
• proper to inaugurate social or political armed rev- '
olution at the North, I hope they will do it at !
once. If this is contemplated by gentlemen, if we j
are to have a new conspiracy at the North, the :
sooner the traitorous effort is made the better, i
There is loyalty .enough in the Noi th to take care j
of any treason that can he found among the free
States. Our soldieia in the Army can take c.rue
of the rebels in front,and loyal men enough will
rise up in the free Suites to dispose of the rebels
within then* limits. IJiave no fear of danger from
that source. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. Speaker, ill heal'h has prevented me from
taki ng part m discussion in this Hall for the great-
er portion of the present session, and I regret to
have thus been prevented fiom raising my voice
for the liberties of my country. I am thankful
for the opportunity, even m this crude manner,
without preparation, to announce my determina-
tion to vote for all the men and all the money and
measures that may be necessary for anything and
everything thfct may be required to put down this
infamous rebellion. Till that is done, until the
last traitor is compelled to submit to lawful au-
thority, to the Constitution and laws, we can
have no peace; till that is done peace is infamy,
peace is anarchy, peace is destruction, and no loyal
and judicious man will advocate it. The rebels
scout and scorn all propositions of peace, even if
we were disposed to listen to them. There is no
alternative but to conquer or be conquered; to
live freemen or die slaves. And I am one of those
who are ready to vote the last man and the last
dollar for the accomplishment of the great object
before us. I am ready to fight it out by land and
by sea, as long as may be necessary to crush out
the rebels themselves, and all their sympathizers
at home and abroad. [Applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER pro tcmporet (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) Older must be maintained in the
galleries. If these manifestations are repeated
the Chair will order the galleries to be cleared.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And I shall insist
on that order being executed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
see that it is executed. e
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have finished what I de-
sired to say.
Mr. WRIGHT. I was in hopes the motion to
refer this bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs would prevail, i do not want to place myself
in opposition to this bill, and I think that with
some little amendments incorporated into it it will
meet the support certainly of several gentlemen
on this side of the Chamber.
The amendments which I ask are not very con-
siderable. The amendments that will meet the ap-
probation of other gentlemen on this side of the
Chamber are not very considerable. They do not
object to the main features of the bill; and, there-
fore, if there can be by common consent some
amendments, not important in themselves, none
that will affect the vitality of the bill, I can cheer-
fully give it my support. I appeal, then, to gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the Chamber not
to drive us into the position of voting against the
bill.
1 entirely concur with the gentleman who last
spoke upon the other side of the House, [Mr.
Campbell,] that every necessary means should
bo resorted to to save the Republic; I agree with
him that thcie is vitality enough left in the Re-
public to save itself beyond all dispute. 1 am not
one of those who will yield that point. The per-
petuity of the Union is a fixed fact. I do not be-
lieve there is power in all the traitors, North or
South, to destroy it. We may he brought to the
necessity of making great and terrible sacrifices—
we have already submitted to such sacrifices*—but
I say to my colleague from the Schuylkill district
[Mr. Campbell] that 1 believe this "Government
has still vitality enough left in it for its own pres-
ervation; it must live, and it will live. But while
1 concur with my colleague in this icspect, I ap-
peal to him, and 1 appeal to every gentleman upon
the other side of the Chamber, to give us such
concessions in this bill as will not affect its vital-
ity, that will not impair its force at all; and not
drive us into opposition to a measure which, if
propeily matured, will meet the approbation of
the country, and contain in it those elements which
will insure the object the fiiends of the bill pro-
fess to entertain, the raising of a military force
which shall beyond doubt settle the question of
the national extsteneo.
Now, sir,'I desire to call the attention of the
House, but for a very few moments, to what I
regard a very obnoxious feature in the bill; and
while it may be removed without in the least im-
pairing the force of the projected law, let me ask
what serious objection can there be to striking it
out altogether? 1 refer now to a clause of the
seventh section of the bill. Tiiat section reads
as follows:
Sec. 7. vflnd&ci£/tf)/Acrcnacfcd,ThaUtsJiallbetbe duty
of the provost marshals to arrest all deserters, whether reg-
ular*. volunteers, militiamen, or persons called into'tbe
service under this or any other act of Congress, wherever
they may lie found, and to send them to the nearest mili-
tary commander or military post.
I make no objection to that. I am willing to
vest that power anywhere or in any person, so
faras the apprehension of deserters from the Army
or deserters from the ranks of those who may
have been drafted are concerned. In this particu-
lar I do not complain ofahe exercise of summary
power, nor do I care in whom that power may be
invested; but it is to the concluding part of the
section that I take exception. It authorizes the
deputy provost marshal—-
To inquire into anil report to the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral all treasonable practices ; to detect, seize, and confine
spies of the enemy; to obey alt lawful otden>and regula-
tions. of ti e Piovoat Marshal General and such as may bo
prescribed by law concerning the enrollment and calling
into service of the national foiees.
The \vords "treasonable practices" are too
vague; and the power of construction which an
inferior officer might place upon them might be
attended with acts of severe and unmerited oppres-
sion. To confer this power upon an officer ap-
pointed under the Government, to inquire into and
report to the Provost Marshal General all per-
sons guilty of treasonable practices, to detect,
seize, and confine spies of the enemy, the chances
are that that power, not more particularly guarded
than it is by the other provisions of this bill, if not
absolutely abused, may be used beyond the bounds
of legal discretion. You place this vast power m
an individual person, and who may be ignorant of
law, (and which our courts under the Constitution
should alone exercise,) to arrest pcisons for trea-
sonable practices as he may define the offense, or
to make such report as will authorize them to be
arrested as spies; you make that person the sole
authority to define who a spy is or who may be
guilty of treasonable practices; you take it from
the courts; you vest the powers of the courts es-
tablished under the Constitution in a single indi-
vidual not known to the Constitution.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask my colleague to
yield for a moment; for I desire, as ho does, to
perfect this bill. I think, however, he misunder-
stands the scope of this provision. This deputy
provost marshal is authorized to inquire into all
treasonable practices.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let my colleague stop right
there. What next? Pie reports all the informa-
tion he gets against the person arrested to the
Provost Marshal General, and for what purpose?
Mr. McPHERSON. "To detect, seize, and
confine spies of the enemy/' and these spies are
to be subject to trial by military courts. It is
certainly very proper that they should be thus
subject to arrest by this military officer, and it is
certainly in accordance with all precedent that the
spies of the enemy are to be tried by military
courts.
Mr. VOORHEES. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that in his view this
provost maishal would not be authorized to report
disloyal persons?
Mr. McPHERSON. To report all treasonable
practices.
Mr. VOORHEES. Treasonable practices.
Then he is authorized to repot t what he may
consider treasonable practices, on which the Pro-
vost Marshal General is to order the arrest of tho
persons so reported.
Mr. McPHERSON. He is bound "to obey all
lawful orders of the Provost Marshal General and
such as may be prescribed by law concerning the
enrollment and calling into service of the national
forces." Why, sir, at the time ofStuait's raid
into Pennsylvania last fall, the persons who con-
ducted them through that country were recog-
nized as persons who were through that same
country three or four weeks before.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not object to that; but
the point i make is this: the provost marshal has
to report to the Provost Marshal General all per-
sons in his district guilty of treasonable practices.
No one but himself by this bill is to determine
what constitutes treasonable practices. He judges
the question of guilt and then leports. Upon this
report hu receives in return f om the Provost
Marshal General his orders to make or not to make
arrests.
Thus it will be seen that the whole question of
making arrests is at last left to the local deputy
provost marshal, for his own report determines
the action of his commanding officer. This will
