1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
sentiment or opinion among them in regard to it.
"Why, then, object to taking from this bill an un-
necessary and an unconstitutional provision? Why
irritate a portion of the loyal people by depriving
them of those privileges? of the right of triul by
jury, and of protecting them in their persons from
illegal and arbitrary arrests ?
Now, sir, my object in desiring that this bill
shall be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs is that it may be amended. I do not want
to hazard the loss of the bill. That is no part of
my purpose. I want to see .the bill passed. But
I want to see it passed with its obnoxious features
stricken out/ I want to see it passed in such a
shape that it will not create dissension and possi-
bly make a wider division in the North than that
which exists now. The Lord knows there is no
necessity for this.
Now, sir, there is another provision of this bill
to which I take exception. It does not exempt
the clergy, who by this bill are to be drafted into
the military service of the country on the same
footing with every other class of the people.
Mr. Speaker, in regard to the clergy, connected
as they are with the religion, morals, and educa-
tion of the country, it strikes me it is wrong to
forc§ them into the field and make them fight our
battles. I do not profess to be a religious man,
but I do profess to have a reverence and as high
a regard as any man for the religious institutions
of the country. I do not want the clergy to be
dragged from the pulpitand forced into the Army.
I would not provoke that Providence which reigns
over all, anu in whose hand 'our breath is. I would
not close our churches on the Sabbath day. It
may be said that the fines imposed on the cleigy
for refusal to obey will be paid by the persons
who attend their churches, and who are members
of their congregations; but I venture to say that
in no civilized country has the clergy, as a body,
been forced into the field. Their mission is for
peace on earth, not war.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to permit me to ask him whether the
clergy have not had as much to do as any other
class of people in the country in bringing on this
war; and if so, whether there is any good rtyxson
why they should be exempt from the hardships
and inconveniences which are incurred by the peo-
ple of the country generally in consequence of the
war ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not stand here to apol-
ogize for the clergy. If they have done wrong,
may God in His infinite mercy forgive them, as
1 pray flim to forgive me for my offenses. But
because some of them may have behaved wiong-
fully and improperly in regard to thecauses which
have produced this war, that is no reason why you
should make your levies in this war from those
who have walked in the fear of God and minis-
tered faithfully in the churches with which they
have been connected. I do not believe the time
has yet come when the clergy should lay aside
the surplice and buckle on the sword, and I hope
that time will never come in the histoiy of this
country. 1 do not think the time hns come when
we arc called on to close the churches of the Re-
public, and call on the men to whom especially is
intrusted the morals and education of ourchildren
to leave that work and enter upon the privations
and hardships and dangers incident to the life of
a soldier in the field. My friend from Indiana
says there will then be nn opportunity for laymen
to preach. Is he the layman to go into the pulpit
on the Lord's day and preach Christ crucified;
to take the place of him who has been compelled
to leave the woik of his ministry and take the
sword? If he is, he is abetter man than I am; for
neither byiny precept nor my example do 1 main-
tain that 1 am a proper person to officiate m the
place of those who minister in the holy office and
whose lives conform to their professions. I am
not here to eulogize the clergy, but I do say that
as a class they are the last men who should be
called from their work to go into the field. The
time may come in the history of the country when
the ministers of the Gospel may b«* cnlled on to go
forth and fight the battles of the country, but that
time lias not yet come.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is this objection to
the bill. There is the further objection of placing
giewt power over the personal liberty of the citi-
zen in the hands of one man, the provost mar-
shal, that 1 would like to see stricken from tho
bill; and these are the reasons w-hy I want it to
go to the Committee on Military Affairs. If it
cannot be amended, the question will then come
up for my consideration under very different cir-
cumstances from what now exists. I do not want
to have it to say that I have, in the least degree,
in any manner withheld my sanction from any-
thing that was designed legitimately and properly
to put down the rebellion. I appeal to the candor
of the House to say whether I have not on all
occasions manifested a disposition, by my speech
and by my votes, to adopt every proper method
that could be desired for the purpose of suppress-
ing and putting the rebellion down and saving the
Union. If I am forced to vote upon the bill with-
out amendment, I do not know what may be my
course. I am willing and anxious to do every-
thing within my power to bring this war to a suc-
cessful termination. I am ready to devote the
last dollar and the last drop of blood for that pur-
pose, in the crushing out of this wicked and re-
vengeful and causeless rebellion; but I want to
do it, if it can be done, within the limits of the
Constitution and the laws. The freedom of the
citizen and all of his constitutional rights should
be protected, and they should be held sacred. Re-
bellion can only be subdued by a strict adherence
to the laws. Any other course will end in anar-
chy and utter, irretrievable ruin.
[Here the hammer fell.]
PROPERTY OF WARDS.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a bill to enable guardians appointed in the
States and Territories of the United States to col-
lect money and other property of their wards in
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Dismct of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
DELEGATE TO CONGRESS.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill to authonze the citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to send a Delegate to Congress;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Distiict of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
FRAUDS ON TIIE TREASURY.
Mr. VAN WYCK asked and obtained leave to
have a speech printed. [This speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
CONSCRIPT ACT—AGAIN.
Mr. SARGENT. The questions growingout
of this gigantic rebellion are so intimately inter-
woven that one suggests another; and it is diffi-
cult to discuss any one ^>f them without referring
to others, either by way of illustration in argu-
ment or by statement, showing that the decision
of one must follow the principles adopted m others.
Perhaps for that reason the House has generally
allowed latitude in these discussions. The bill
before us proposes to enroll and call out the na-
tional forces, to give greater efficiency to the mil-
itary arm of the Government, the arrest of de-
serters and spies of the enemy, the detection of
treasonable practices out of the Army, and the
punishment of offenses committed by persons in
the military service of the United States. A bill
so wide in its scope necessarily brings up the
origin of the rebellion which it is intended to sup-
press, the manner m which the war has been con-
ducted by the Government and the rebels, the
disposition which has heretofore been made of
traitors whether taken in bold aggression with
arms in their hands, or dete cted in covert J reason
while enjoying the safety of peace and quietness
under the flag within the States which the war has
not approached, and generally all the measures
of the Government by which efficiency has been
given to the national arm, as well as those of its
acts by which treason has hau impunity and flour-
ished m this civil war. 1 may, therefore, be
pardoned if I wander no further from the actual
question before us than is necessary for the ex-
ammntion and illustration of tke propositions be-
fore ua,
The necessity for a bill of the character of that
under consideration has long existed. 1 think it
would have been far better for the country if it
had been enacted atthe extra session in July, 1861.
For want of a general enrollment of the forces of
the United States and a systematic calling ourof
those forces'we have experienced all the incon-
veniences of a volunteersystem with itsenormous
expense, ill discipline, and irregular efforts, and
have depended upon spasmodic effoits of the peo-
ple, elated or depressed by the varying fortunes
of war, or the rise or fall of popular favorites in
the Army. I believe 1 hazard nothing in saying
that we should have lost fewer men m the field
and from disease, and been much nearer the end
of this destructive war, had weearlieravailed our-
selves of the power conferred by the Constitution
and at last proposed to be adopted by this bill.
For short and irregular efforts no force can be bet-
ter than a volunteer army. With brave and skill-
ful officers and a short and active term of service
volunteer troops are highly efficient. But when
a war is to last for years, as this will have done
however soon we may see its termination, it must
depend for its success upon regular and system-
atic forces. Thinned regiments must be filled up,
otherwise we may have the spectacle of a vast array
of troops upon paper, nominally representing an
enormous force, while little but the shell of an or-
ganization remains. Such filling up is not possible
to any degree under the volunteer system, as the
Government has had occasion to know in this war,
because fresh volunteers prefer to organize into
regiments of their own forming, when they have
a voice in the creation of their officers, and hence
some hopes of immunity from the toils of war,
ora blindness to many faults destructive to military
discipline. The consequence is that by means of
discharges, sick-leaves, deaths, and the various
accidents of war, it will in many cases take four
or five regiments, if consolidated, to make one full
one. Supernumerary officers aie paid out of the
public purse for services they are not called upon
to perform; and new officers, lackingexperience,
are in charge of the new and hence full regiments,
when the older and experienced officers would be
more efficient and make more effective use of the
new troops, if they had the disciplining and lead-
ing of them.
These considerations show the inherent weak-
ness of the volunteer system. Our Government
is the only Power on earth that depends upon
volunteer forces to conduct a protiacted war.
Even the rebels, of the same political traditions
with ourselves,severed from this Republic, early
in the war discarded the "idea of maintaining the
war by volunteer forces, and resorted to a draft,
thus imitating the European Governments, who
have brought the^art of war to the perfection of h
positive science. It has been repeatedly insisted,
by eminent European military gentlemen, that.our
Government must fail if it relied upon the volun-
teei force foi the pi otracted effoi t needed to subdue
the flames of this vast civil war. Aside from the
enormous cost enUuled, absorbing the monetary
resources of the Government, they insisted that
the necessary discipline could not be had; that
however gallant our volunteer soldiery, and none
have ever disputed that quality, the highest effi-
ciency of the soldier could only be secured when
he was under the complete control of the organ-
izing power, and had learned to know, what vol-
unteers can never be taught, that obedience is as
necessaiy a quality as coinage.
Perhaps it is too late to learn the lesson of ex-
perience and remedy the defects of tho present
system. It is certainly not too late, unless it is
too late to save the Republic.
The practical operation of the volunteer system
has been that the earnest lovnvs of the country
among the people, the haters of the rebellion, the
noblest and best of our citizens, have left their
homes to engage in this war to sustain the Con-
stitution; while the enemies of civil liberty, those
who hate the Government and desne its fa dui e in
this struggle, have stayed at home to embarrass it
by discontent and clamor. By this system we
have had the loyal States drained of those who
could be relied upon in all political contests to
sustain the Government—going foith to fight the
manly foe in front, the covert foe left behind has
opened afire in the rear. Under the gaib of Democ-
racy, a name that has been so defiled and prosti-
tuted that it has become synonymous with treason,
and should henceforth be a bywoid and hissing
to the American people, these demagogues in this
Hall and out of it have traduced the Government,
misrepresented the motives of loyal men, gnashed
their teeth at measures designed to crush out trea-
son and punish traitors, and by misrepresenting
