1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLCr:
ing the names of the parties, lespeetively, to whom vsuch
sums are due, and Hie items and date of each separate ac-
count; and also whether there has been rendered to the
Commissioner of Agricultuie, and at what date, an official
statement showing the Hue condition of the agricultural
division on the 1st of July, 1862, including the property
theieunto belonging at thai date j and furthei, whethei said
statement exhibited the outstanding debts, if any, due from
the agricultmai division, what amount, and for what pur-
pose or puiposes.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot providing lor the
establishment of camps of military instruction at suitable j
point-, on or near the Baltimoie and Ohio raihoad, as an
effectual means of protecting the (Jhc.-apealce ami Ohio
canal and the Baltimore and Ohio milroad, so that those
public linpiovements may be safely u>ed for the tianspor-
tation ofeoal for the useoi steam vessel* ol'the United States
Navy, and of supplies fot the United States Aimy, while
operating in Eastern Virginia, or on our Atlantic front.
FUGITIVE SLAVES FROM MARYLAND.
Mr. MAY. I offer the following resolution,
and demand the previous question upon it:
Whereas, Maryland has been proclaimed by the Pres-
ident ot the United States to be a loyal Slate, and its peo-
ple are entitled to the benefits and protection of thV Con-
stitution and laws of the United States; and whereas,
" persons hold to service and labor" 111 the said State," un-
der the laws thereof," and escaping theiefrom into the
District of Columbia, have been therein ai rented, and after
due examination by the commissioners appointed by law
for that pm pose, have been committed to prison within
said District in order that Ihey may be delivered lip "ou
the claim of the paity to whom their service and labor may
be du*'," according to the ptovisions of the Constitution of
the United States; and whereas, beiore the oppoitunity
has been atTbided to said parties to make such claim, and
immediately alter the >aid arrest and detention, mil itaiy ofli-
t crs acting under the authouty of the military governor or
ptovost marshal ot said Disttiet, or both, have, in many
cases of such detention, demanded from the maishnl ol the
said District havmtr such persons in custody their release,
and tins without any legal wairanl or process of any kind,
and upon the refusal of said marshal to deliver up said poi-
sons, iiave, with armed bodies of soldiers, foiciblj released
said persons lrom custody as aforesaid, and m effect dis-
chai^ed them altogethei fiom said seivice and laboi, and
any tutu re reclamation of the same by the parties to whom
11 is due, to the deduction of their rights of propcrtv and
of the solemnly guarantied rights of the people of Maiy-
Cand, and in palpable violation of the Constitution and Jaws
of the United States: Therefore,
iie Uresoh-ed, 1. Thatthe Committee on the Judiciary be
Just'u  ted to investigate the facta and law euiiceimng the j
premises, and to leport the le^ults of their investigation at j
an e.irly d<iy, together with such measures of legislation as j
may in the judgment ol the committee be necessity to put j
an end to such lawles- and uneon^litutional pioceedmgs.
2. That a eopvof this preamble and lexolutions bo trans-
mitted to the President of the United States, and that he
be requested to see thai the Cout-tilution and laws b«'faith-
fully executed heie, in this Di-niict, so immediately under
his personal observation and official authoiity.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman from
Maryland allow me to suggest an amendment?
Mr. MAY. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I move to lay the
preamble and resolutions on the table.
Mr. MAY. On that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tne affirmative—yeas G8, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allev, Arnold, Ashley, Baker. Baxter,
Beaman, jKmghftm, Samuel S. Blair. Blake, Buffmton,
Campbel'l, Chamberlain, Claik. Colia.\,'Ficdeui"k A. Con li-
lt nc. Covode. Cnt'er, Da we-, Cdgei ton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. 1). Fessenden, Fi&hei,
Fiank, Gooeh, Guiley. (lam-on, Hickman. Hooper. Mor-
ton. Hutch ill'*, Julian, K< I ley, Fiancis \V. K< lloiic:, T^oomis,
Ijovejoj, Low, McIMierson. Mitchell, Moorhead. Xixon,
Noeii, Olin, P-itton, Pike, Poim-roy. Pottei, Alexandet li.
Rice, John II Rice, Edward li. Roliins, Sargent, S«-dgwiek,
Sheffield, Shellabaigyi, Shetman, Spauhhng, Stevuis,
Stratton, Trow budge, Van Valkenbunrh, Walker. Wallace,
VVashbuine, Wheeler, Albert S. White, and Worcestei —
68.
NAYS—Me«si*. William Alien, Daily, Birldle, Jacob B
Blair, William G. Blown, O.ilveit, Clement". Cobb. Corn-
ing, Dunlap. Dunn, Gianger, Glider, Hale, Hall. Hardmir,
Kilhu^er, Knapp, Law, Li.ai}, Malioiy, May, Metric.--,
Mori is, Noble, Norton. Nii-ion, Pendleton, Perry, Puce,
Riddle, Robinson. Jam<-s S Rollins. Segai, Shiel, John B
Steele, Btiijamm F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas. Vibbard,
Wad 'Worth, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe, and
Yeaman—14.
Bo the resolution was laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the Hous^ that the Senate
had passed an act (S. No. 459) to provide for a
further issue of bonds of the United States, and
of United States notes and for other purposes; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had postponed indefinitely
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) for the prompt
payment of the soldiers of the United States Army,
and the seamen and marines of the United States
Navy.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same.
An act (H. 11. No. 587) to provide for the im-
prisonment of persons convicted of crime by the
criminal court of the District of Columbia;
Jointresolution (H. R. No. 130) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of J. W. Knaggs, administrator of Whitmore
Knaggs;
Jointresolution (H. R. No. 128) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of George Yates;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 129) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Joshua Eddy's heirs;
Jointresolution (H. R. No. 127) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims m the
case of Arthur Edwards and others, &c.; find
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 126) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Thomas Jj. King.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH SLATES.
Mr. MAY asked leave to offer the foil-owing
resolutions:
Wheieas it is lepiesented that certain military ofticeis of
the United States, stationed in Charles county, in the, State
of Maryland, have heradoiorc? openly declared their put pose
to set Iree fiom slavery,and leinovethom fiom ^atd State,
negro slaves owned theiem under the laws theieoi ; and
wiieiens on the 6th day of January, in-taut, the -aid mili-
tary officers did assemble together, by the attiaetion* of a
band ot music and other influence^, a laige number of said
slaves in said county, and did openly entice and persuade
them on board of a steamer belonging to oi in the service
of the United States and being at a place called Chapel
Point, and did lemoveand transport said slaves by means of
.-aid sieam'M fiom and beyond the said State; and whereas
one Colonel Swain, commanding a legunent called "Scott's
900," acted a conspicuous part m the piemises, and the
siime is a wanton and scandalous violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws ot the United State.- and of the State ot iVLuy-
land. and al-o ot the duij ol the -aid military officers, and
a reckless airsjies^ion on'thc rights of the peopie of Mary-
land . Theieloie,
Be it repaired, 1. That the President be requested to cause
the above allegation^ to be investigated, and il found true,
to bung the offendeis therein to punishment, and cause the
said slaves to be restored to their owneis, according tolas
duty.
•2. That the Judiciary Committee be diiected to inqune
into the premises and leport pucli legislation as may be ne
cessary
3. Thata copy of this preamble and resolutions be trans-
mitted to the Fie^ident.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order that
the gentleman from Maryland has no right to offer
two sets of resolutions under the call of States.
ThoSPEAKER. The Chair stated that if there
were no objection, the resolution would be re-
ceived.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land having offered one resolution, cannot offer a
second without consent, and the gentleman from
Illinois objects.
EMANCIPATION IN MARYLAND.
Mr. BINGHAM asked leave to introduce a bill
granting aid to the State of Maryland, for the
purpose of securing the abolishment of slavery
j m said Srato.
! Mr. MAY. I object. ♦
I Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
! consent, offered the following resolution; which
| was read, considered, and agreed to:
j Resolved, That the committee on emancipation and eolo-
| nization be m.-tiueted to inquire into the expediency of
making an appioprmnon to aid the State of Maryland m a
-tern ot emancipation and colonization oi persoiib of color,
inhabitants of said State.
TRADE IN MILITARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee on th<* conduct of the war
be directed to inquire what rules or restrictions, if any ^ am
applied to trade in tbo?#feeetionsof the country now under
military occupation, and whether any officers in the scrvice
of the Government are, or have been, engaged-in trade or
speculation, or in affording special privileges or facilities
lor other persons to do so; and to report the facts to thia.
House.
EMANCIPATION IN WEST VIKOINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to aid the State of West
Virginia in the emancipation of her slaves; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the committee on emancipation.
NON-PAYMENT OF TROOPS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE asked leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform this Hotisfl
why ho has not responded to the resolution of the House
of the 11th of December, 1862, requiring information as to
what regiments of volunteers had not been paid, and other
matters embraced in said resolution.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Commiueeof the Whole on the stateof theUnion.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr. Camp-
bell in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order, being the bill (H. R. No.
659) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government.
The bill was read,as follows:
A bill to provide ways and means for the support of the
Government.
JBc it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
the Secretary of the treasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ised to borrow from time to time, on the credit of the Uni-
ted States, a sum not exceeding $900,000,000, and to issue
thciefof- coupon or regi*tered bonds, payable at the pleasure
oi the Gov eminent after twenty yeaisfrom date, and of such
denominations, nor Jess than fiitv dollars, as he may deem
expedient, beannu interest at the rate of six percent, perau-
nnm, payable semi-annually in com ; and he may, m his dis-
cretion, dispose of such bonds at any time upon the
terms he can obtain, not less than par, for lawful moneyot the
United States, or for any of the ccitificates of indebtedness
that may at any tune be unpaid, or for any of the inteiest-
beanng Treasury notes heretotoi e i«sfied, or which may be
issued under the provision^oftlns act. And all the bonds and
interest-bearing Tieasury notes issued under the provis-
ions of this act shall be exempt liom taxation bv oi under
vState authoutv: Provided, That theie shall be i-MU:d and
outstanding ol bonds, interest-bearing notes, and United
States notes at any tune under the provisions of tin- act,
no greater amount altogether than the sum of $900,000,000,
except an additional amount equal to any amount of the
seven and thiee tenths bond", so called, heretofore issued,
which may be redeemed and funded in such bond- as are
authorized under the piovislons of this act.
Sec. 9. Jind he it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Tieasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to is.-ue; on
the ercdit of the United States, $.'100,000,000 of United
•States notes, bearing inteiest, payable semi-annually, in
com, at the rate of one cent and a half per day on each
^100, being at the rate of 5 471 per cent., per annum, pay-
able to boaicr, and redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment after tlnee years from date, at tlieTrea>ui \ ot the
United States, and of-uch denominations as he may deem
expedient, not le>s than ten dollars each; and such notes
shall be receivable for internal duties and all debts and
demands due to the United States, cxcept duties on im-
ports. And any holder of said United States noto> depos-
iting any sum, whether before or alter matuiity, not less
than fifty dollais,or some multiple ol fifty dollais, with the
Treasuiei of the United States, or either of the Assistant
Treasuiers, or either of the depositaries which maj be des-
ignated by the Seetetary of the Treasury for such puipose,
shall receive m exchange therefor duplicate cemricaies of
deposit for the amount of principal arid any aecumulated
inteiest theteon, one of which may be transmitf-d to the
Secietary of the Treasury, who shall thereupon issue to the
holdei an equal amount in bonds of the United Slates,,
coupon orregtstered, as may be de-ired, bearing interest at
the rate of six pei cent, per annum, payable semi-annually
in coin, and redeemable at the pleasure ot the Government
alter twenty year-; fiom date. And such United Slates
notes maybe u>ed by the Secietary of the Treasuiy, at
their pai value, in the payment of the lawful creditors of
the United States, who may be willing to receive the same,
and shall be received at their par value m payment for any
bonds that may be hereafter negotiated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, who shall also aiiow, in any such negotia-
tions, and pay in coin, any inteiest which may have ac< u-
mulated thereon ; and the Secietary of the TieaMirv may,
liom tune to time, a^ the exigencies of the public M'jvtce
may require, ieis-ue any amount of "United State- mtei est-
bearing note-* heioin authorized, equal to the amount re-
deemed. Thcie shall be piinted on the back of tin1 Tinted
States interest-bearing notes, which may be issued und^r
the provisions of this act, the amount of intcie-t which
will have accumulated at the end of each six months figm
the date theieof, and the following words : " The withm
note is a legal tender m payment of interna] duties and all
. debts and demands due to the United States, except duties
