1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
4Mi
the objects of the war led ignorant supporters and
constituencies to refrain from enlistments and into
an attitude of hostility to the Administration that
must cause glee in Jeft'Davis's dominions and in
hell itself. Even the measures of taxation neces-
sarv to raise the means to pay the soldier his hard-
earned pittance have been made the subject of ste-
reotyped harangues calculated to excite sectional
discord and inaugurate the " revolution in the
North "which these men lmve over and over threat-
ened against the Government, and by such public
proclamation in effect promised to Jeff Davis and
that part of his supporters operating in the rebel
States. The system of voluntary enlistments
has left these men full scope for their nefarious
work, and it would be strange if this bill found
favor in their eyes. The operation of the bill
would be to cause the burden of this onerous
public service to fall evenly upon the country,
and require of the semi-loyal that he perform his
duty. The business of discouraging enlistments
would be done away with. It is a pity that our
mistaken system has ever given it scope. _ The
bill goes upon the presumption that every citizSn
not incapacitated by physical or mental disability
owes military service to the country in its hour
of extremity, and that it is honorable and praise-
worthy to render such service. But upon this ]
point I cannot do better than quote the noble pro- I
amble of the bill,tne stirring words of which will
be responded to by every loyal heart:
" Whereas there now exists in the United States an insur-
rection and rebellion against the authority thereof, and it
is, under the Constitution of the United States, the duty of
the Government to suppress insuriection and rebellion, to
guaranty to each State a republican form of government,
and to preserve the public tianquillity; and wheieas, for
these high purposes a military torce i* independable, t<>
raise and suppoit which all petrous ought wilhng'x to eon-
ti ibute; and whereas, no sei vice can be mote piaecwoithy
and honoiable than that which is lPndeied for the mainte-
nance of the Constitution and Union, and the consequent
preservation of free government: Therefore, Be it cnact-
c<i," Sic.
But the exemptions of the bill will be found to
favor the poor and dependent, and not the pow-
erful and wealthy. Thus the only son, liable to
military duty, of a widow dependent upon his
labor is exempt. So is the only son of aged or
infirm parentor parents dependent upon his labor
for support. So also the only brother of chtldidTT
not twelve years old, having neither father nor
mother, dependent upon his labor for support.
So, also, the father of motherless children under
twelve years old, dependent upon his labor for
support. But the bill makes subject to military-
duty the members of this House and of the Sen-
ate; it cmhiaces in its sweep the office-holder as
well as the private citizen; it makes no exemp-
tions from favor, while it has pity upon the help-
less. But, more than all, it does not exact mili-
tary service only from the patriotic, the generous,
the self-sacrificing, as is the consequence of the
volunteer system, but it compels the duty of the
disloyal, the factious, the shirk,and thegiumbler#
That the truly loyal are those who have hereto-
fore given their service to the country, and now
endure the hardships of war, witness the emphatic
rebukes just uttered by the western army to the
traitorous utterances of the politicians who are
seeking to lead away the hearts of the people ftom
the Government. Read the address of the west-
ern regiments, too long for nie to incorporate with
my remarks. It is said, sir, that significant words
have gone home from the Army for traitor? to
beware lest they feel the weight of futuie venge-
ance when the soldiers have made an end of teb-
els in the Held, and that those words have been
heeded. The spirit of the soldiers culminates in
the address of their noble chieftain, Rosecrans,
to the Assembly of the State of Ohio:
ilEADQCMtir.RS DEPARTMENT OF THE Ol\M BFRL A ND,
Mur REEbuono\ Tennessee, February 3, 1&53.
To the Honorable the Genci al Jl^embly of the Slat^of Ohio-
The resolution of thanks passed b> your honorable body
to the army of the Cttmbciiand, ita commanding general
and his staff, ha" brcn duly received and published to the
troops of this command. Onbehalfof al! I leturnj ou heai t-
felt thanks.
This is indeed a war fin the Constitution and the laws—
naj,fur national existence—auamst tho.^e who have de-
spised our hornet friendship, deceived our just hop-'s, and
driven us to defend our countty and our homes, iiy tuul
and willful slandeis on oui motives and intention*, per-eu-
ingly repeated, thcM have nrrajod agair.ft us our own fel-
low-citizen?, hound to us by the triple ties of consanguinity,
geographical position, and commetcial inteie^t.
Let no man among us be ba^e enough to foiget this, or
fool enough to mut an ohgarei/y of traitors to their friends,
to civil hbertv, and human freedom. Voluntary exiles from
home and friends, for the defense and safety of all, we long
for the time when gentle peace shall again spread her wings
over oui land: bur we know no such blessing i* possible
while the unjust and arbitiary power of the rebel leaders
confront? and tlueatons us.
(Jr.uty a^- the fox, cruel a* the tiger, they cried " no coer-
cion'' while prepaung to strike us. Bully-like, they pro-
posed to tight us because they said they could whip five to
one ; and now, when driven back, they whine out " no in-#
va ion," and piomise us of the West permission to navi-
gate the Mississippi, if we will be "good boys," and do as
they bid us.
Wherever they have the power, they drive before them
Into their ranks the southern people, and they would also
di ive u*. Trust them not 5 were they able, they would in-
vade and destioy us without mercy. Absolutely assured
of these things, I am amazed that any one could think of
" peace 011 any terms." He who entertains the sentiment
is fit only to be a slave. He who utters it at this tune is
moreover a traitor to bis country, who deserves the scorn
and contempt of all honorable men. When the power of
the unscrupulous rebel leaders is removed, and the jleople
are fiee to consider and act for their own inteiests, which
are common with our*, under tin* Government, theie will
be no great difficulty in trutermzation. Between our tastes
and social lite theie are fewer difieiences than between
those of the people of the noithern and southern provinces
of England or Ireland.
Hoping the tune may speedily come when, the power of
the perfidious and eiuel tjrantofthis lebelliou having been
overthrown, a peace may be laid on the broad foundations
of national unity and equal justice to all, under the Con-
stitution and the laws, 1 remain, vnur fellow-citizen,
W. S. ROSECRANS, Major General.
Again, in a recent letter to his brother, he thus
refers to the attacks of the peace Democrats upon
the causc of the nation:
I am persuaded that the person? who have succeeded
by the huge^t and most peiseveiing lies in getting men to
engage in wai ; who have called out1 friends' 10 deeoy and
uinrderour pickets ; have borne our flag and worn ouruni-
i'oi 111 to deceive u^ in battle ; violated the rights ol flags of
tiuee ; fired on a hospital boat, killed and wounded men by
that anil by exposing them to rain and mud ; who teach and
encomage women to perjure themselves ; who inculcate
guerrilla warfaie; who minder Union men and suip their
families of their property, and bo.e-tof chivaliy—that these
men who violate ail' iie'hts that s tand m the way of their
unjust desires, can never be trusted in any other way than
as you trust wild bea ts, when you have them secure, caged
or cli.lined.
<4Aml do you think the voice of those who stay at home
should be raided to cheer on our enemies and discoutagc
us; to raise enemies mound n?. and strengthen the hands
of thofe who, as JefT D.ivn Mud, ' only lack the jiowcr to
own the Oiiio?> Shall the lathers and brothers of those
brave and honest men who have peuled their lives for the
country and the safety of home turn ag.unst them ? Shall
the^neu who are getting rich off the Government pation-
age, u ho -sleep quietly and peacefully in then beds because
we watch here in cold and wet, stab us in the back and
denounce U5?
il Svcraviin Domino non confundar in alcrnum.
"W.S.R."
But objection is made to this bill because one
of its provisions authoiizes the provost marshals
who superintend the enrollment to inquire into
and report treasonable practices. That power, not
of arrest hut of inquiry, docs notalaim the loyal.
Is it not time the disloyal should be under some
restraint? Is it not known that at this very hour
spies report to the enemy all our intended move-
ments, and lead then* to the capture and destruc-
tion of our soldiers? Are not men living in the
odor of loyalty continually adhering by theiracts
to the enemy, giving them aid and comfort ? Are
not drafts resisted, are not men counseling such
resistance and encouraging assaults upon officers
employed to arrest deserters? The offense of dis-
couraging or dissuading men from the perform-
ance of military duty has been rank. Shall the
Government have no means to protect itself, not
even an officer whose duty it shall be to report
such practices, that the offenders may be tried by
the civil tribunals? It shows how blind are the
assaults upon the measures of the Government,
and how virulent the spirit that seeks to embar-
rass its functions, that such objections are urged
against tins measure. It is the old story rehearsed
of the foes of the Government at the outset of this
rebellion. Every measure of defense or precau-
tion then taken was opposed because the Govern-
ment had no power to sustain itself by coercion.
Although traitors in each wing of the Capitol day
by day boldly uttered their treason, announced
their intention to plunge us into war, defended the
acts of rebellion then consummated by ordinances
of secession and the seizure of forts and arsenals,
yet not a hair of their heads must be touched be-
,, cause the Government had no power to inquire
jj into treasonable practices, and none to coerce the
1' rebels.
!j But it is said on the other side of this Chamber
it that war will not restore the Union, and hence no
II measure looking to force is proper or necessary.
If this is true, then is the Union destroyed, fc^r
by no other means can the Union be saved. The
rebels insultingly reject compromise, insultingly
rebuif their northern friends who oifer it in the
humility and crawling meanness of the whipped
spaniel seeking reconciliation with an angry mas-
ter. Says one of their principal organs;
"While the Noith begins to see the folly and impossi-
bility of attempting to conquer the South, they are not yet
ready to grant our just demands. They hope still to chain
us by .some specious compromise to the corpse of the old
Union. We would pot leunite with them if they would,
one and all, consent to occupy the same position of degra-
dation which they aimed to rivet on us. We icould-noLcon-
sent to hold the northern States as provinces."-—Richmond
Enquirer, January 6, 1863.
Another indulges in these words:
" If the whole Yankee race should fall down in the dustto-
morrow and jrraii us to be their masters, toe would spumthem
even as slaves. We are aware that many persons believe
that the party of which Brooks and Van Burcn are repre-
sentatives, desire and design to restore peace. We do not
believe they aie in favor of any such thing. They would
like peace on condition of our returning to the Union, and
the> are fools enough to believe that a majority of the peo-
ple in the confederacy are in favor of reunion. They look
only to their pockcts when they talk of reconciliation and
restoiation. Anything but that. English colonization,
French vassalage, Russian serfdom—all, all aro preferable
to any association with the Yankees."—Richmond Dis-
patch, January 10.
A third varies the language:
" We have committed many errors in our treatment of
the Yankees. Not the least has been in regarding them a*
something better than they really are. They are by nature
menials, and fitted only for menial duties. They areinopen
and flagrant insurrection against their natural lords and mas-
ters, the gentlemen of the South. In the exercise of their
assumed privileges they dcpoit themselves with all the ex-
travagant air?, the indolence, the cruelty, the cowardice,
and love of rapine which have ever characterized the re-
volt of slaves. The former lemeuey of their masters only
serves to aggravate the ferocity of their natures. When
they are again reduced to subjection, and taught to know
their place, we inu^t take care to put such tiammels about
them that they will never have an opportunity to play these
tricks again.>"—Richmond Whig.
Mr. William L.Yancey, in a recent address to
the Legislature of Alabama, says:
" There Is, in my opinion, as much hope in the northern
abolitionists as in the northern Democracy."
Davis, their chieftain, in a late speech in Rich-
mond, asks:
" For what are they waging war? They say to preserve
the Union Can they preseive the Union by destroying the
social existence of a portion of the South ? Do they hope
to reconstruct ine Union by striking at everything which is
dear to men? By showing themselves so utterly disgraced
that it the question was proposed to you whether you would
combine with hyenas or Yankees, i trust every Virginian
would say, 'give me the hyenas.* "
With such words of contumely and reproach do
they reject the overtures for compromise "on any
terms" by which they may consent to form a
part of the "old Union." They will notcompro-
miftc excepton the terms that they be an independ-
ent nation, with Tennessee and Kentucky, Mary-
land and Missouri within their territorial limits.
We must fight. 1 repeat it, sir, wc must fight. We
must continue the war till they are humbled,
though it last a century, and though every interest
of the country, except honor, be sacrificed. Only
by such means can we save the Republic and
have future peace. Give them breathing space,
open their ports until they can buy or build iron-
clad ships, and collectall the enginery of war, and
they will spring again at the throats of "the
hyenas," and wrap the continent iri a blaze. Only
in union is pcace, and union can come only by
effective war. Hence we must avail ourselves of
the most pcrfect mode of enrolling troops, of se-
curing their efficiency and lessening their cost, in
our power, for our resources will be taxed to the
utteimost. J therefore favor the passage of this
bill as an important means to an end. The re-
bellion has not arisen from an accidental ebul-
lition, or from recent counsels. It had its origin in
a deeply laid and long-considered plan, and the
opportunity to spring it upon the country had
been eagerly watched for many years. Compro-
mise was as much impossible before the first con-
flict in arms as it is at this day. Witness the dec-
larations of men high in the councils of the traitors
| solemnly made upon the floor of this and that of
i the other Hall of Congress. No sop of compro-
! j mise, Crittenden resolutions, or other resolutions,
would satisfy the rebel Cerberus. Nothing but
!' dismemberment of the country, and their abso-
ii lute control over the southern halfof it. Mr. 0. .
i' R. Singleton, of Mississippi, said on the 4tii of
il December, I860, three months before Mr, Lincoln ••
