1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
was inaugurated, it being the second day of that
session of Congress:
" I was not sent here for the purpose of making any com-
promise or to patch up existing difficulties. T leave, sir, to
the sovereign State of Mississippi to determine for herself
her present Federal relations."
Mr. Jones, of Georgia, spoke to the same pur-
pose.
Mr. Hawkins, of Florida, said:
"While I am up, Mr. Speaker, I may as well say in ad-
vance that I am opposed, and I believe my State is opposed,
to ali and every compromise. The day of compromise has
passed."
Mr. Clopton, of Alabama, said:
" Believing that a State has the ri«ht to secede, and that
the only remedy for present evils is secession, 1 will not
hold out any delusive hope, nor sanction any tempouzing
policy."
And Mr. Pugh, representing the same State:
"As my State of Alabama intends following South Caio-
lina out of the Union by the 10th of January next, I pay no
attention to any action taken by this body."
On the followingday,SenatorIverson, of Geor-
gia, held the following language:
<TSii,thc southern States that arc now moving in this
matter arc not doing it without due consideration. We be-
lieve that the only security for the institution to which we
attach so much importance is secession and a southern con-
federacy. You talk about concessions. You talk about
repealing the personal liberty bills as a concession to the
South. Repeal them all to-mouow, fair, and it would not
stop the pi ogress, of thus revolution. It i.s not your pciaonal
liberty lulK that wo dioad Noi do we suppo>e that there
will be any overt acts on the part of Mr. Lincoln. For one,
t do not dread overt acts. I do not propose to waiUor them.
We intend to go out."
Jefferson Davis, the arch-conspirator, said on
the 10th of the same month:
"The States in their sovereign capacity have now resolved
to judge of the infractions of the Federal compact, and of
the mode and measure of rcdiess. Shall we cling to the
mere forms, or idolize the name of Union, when iu> bless-
ings are lost, after its spirit has fled ?"
On the next day but one, Wigfall, of Texas,
said:
"So far as this Union ii concerned, the cold sweat of
death is upon tt. Your Union is now dead; yotu Govern-
ment is now dead. There Is now In the Cult States no
excitement. There is a fived, detcimined will, that they
will be frcc.,>
On the 18th, the Crittenden resolutions were
introduced. On the 31st, Senator Benjamin, from
Louisiana, said:
"The State of South Carolina, with a unanimity scarce-
ly with parallel in history, has dissolved the Union which
connects her with the other Slates of the Conledeiaey, and
has declared herself independent. Next week, Mississippi,
Alabama, and Ffoudawill have declared themselves inde-
pendent; the week alter. Geotgia; and a little later, Lou al-
alia; soon, very soon, to be followed by Texas ami Atknn-
sa*. The day for the adjustment has passed, (f you would
give it now, you are too hue."
And on the 7th of January following, Senator
Toombs, of Georgia, said:
t( 7'hc success of the abolitionists and their ullh'S, under
the name of the Republican pattj, has produced its logical
rc&ults already. The Union, sir, I*, dissolved That is an
accomplis/icil Jact in the path of this discussion that men
may as well heed. And now you see the glittering bayonet
and you hear the tramp of annul men from youi capital to
the Hio Grande."
Mason, of Virginia, was overheard by Douglas
to say, " No matter what compiomise the North
offers, the South must find a way to defeat it.''
And Pryor, of Virginia, telegraphed, " We can
get the Crittenden compromise, but wc don't want
it." All talk, therefore, of those who endeavor
to thwart the Government in its efforts to vigor-
ously prosecute the war, to "the effect that we
should now compromise or should have compro-
mised at the outset, or at any intervening period,
is completely answered by the array of rebel force
in arms against the Government, and these con*
sistent declarations cotemporary with the incep-
tion of the rebellion, and persisted in without
shadow of change to the present, that they mean
separation, that they have fought and will fight
for separation, and will consent to no terms of
compromise not conceding separation.
The practical question arises, will this bill in-
crease the efficiency of the national forces ? Will
it place more men in the field, and enable the Gov-
ernment to carry on the war upon sounder and
surer principles? It must be admitted that the
successful raising of armies by the rebels has been
accomplished by the conscription principle. By
no other could they have kept full half a million
men in arms—so large a proportion of their avail-
able population. As we must fight, we must be-
gin to fight upon effective principles. We must
gird up the loins of the nation for a conclusive
struggle.' The enemy have madetheirlasteffort.
11 is now with them a question of endurance. I f
they can keep us at bay until our present enlisted
men are discharged with the expiration of their
short terms of enlistment, and their allies in the
North can defeat the refilling of our armies, they
have gained their purposes, and the Union is dis-
solved. It matters little upon what pretense this
or a kindred bill is opposed, the effect is the same.
Some such measure is imperative, and no one can
be devised which a fault-finding ingenuity cannot
fill an hour in condemning. One gentleman ob-
jects because the patronage of Governors of States
in the appointment of officers is abridged, while
it has full scope under the volunteer system. Yet
gentlemen know that a curse of that system is that
militia appointments have gone more by favor than
fitness, and the Government is compelled to pay
thousands of officers who curse the Army by their
inefficiency. Another thinks the Constitution gives
no power to Congress to summon the people to
the Army unless they volunteer to come; as if the
founders of this Government erected this beautiful
fabric of liberty and national glory, and provided
no means to secure its safety. The Constitution
confers the right to summon every man, whether
from the plow, the workshop, or the pulpit, to
breast back invasion or crush insurrection; and to
Congress the power to pass laws to see that that
summons is effectual. Else we are secured b; a
rope of sand, and are dissolved into chaos at the
first jar of war.
For the reasons I have given, and many others,
I am in favor of this bill. I favor it because it is,
as I believe, a potent instrumentality to aid the
Government in its struggle with traitors; because
it gives hope that we may arrest the calamity of
the success of an overshadowing slave power on
this continent; because it is in accordance with
the usage of all civilized nations who maintain
armies; because it corrects errors in our past prac-
tice, and gives the hope of a stable and efficient
army in the future; because it distributes equally
the burdens of the war, laying them as well upon
the lukewarm friends or the open opponents of
the Government as upon the true and faithful;
because it prevents the possibility of demagogues,
who seek ihe ruin of the Republic, longer prevent-
ing the enlistment of soldiers to fight this great
battle of freedom. The people will sustain us in
this great measure. If they do not acquiesce in
the measures necessary to preserve their liberties,
they are unworthy of them. We must know at
oncc if the country is governed by law or by an-
archy; if the means necessary to national safety
cannot be employed because Americans are un-
worthy of their birthright; if the demagogues who
declaim in their name truly represent them or tra-
duce them. I havenofearof the issue; but 1 shall
cast my vote in view of my duty to the country
I love, and leave the resultst to the future.
Mi. Speaker, a few weeks ago the Union seemed
in far greater peril than at any previous period of
its history. Its pei il arose not fiom rebel armies,
or default of our own, but from the organization
and exertions of a party in the loyal States.
Throwing off the professions of loyalty and of a
purpose of vigorously prosecuting the war, by
means of which the Demociatic leaders had secured
office in the iastelection, these leaders had turned
against the Government with the avowed purpose
of stopping the war and making teims with the
rebels. They worked unceasingly—through the
State governments they had secured, through their
prostituted presses and by popular harangues—to
male (he people fo revolt and to demoralize the
Army, lauding the rebel chiefs and cursing our own
authorities, and exhibiting their treasonable pur-
poses without disguise. They found the people
were not prepared yet to indorse their treason, and
;j they have partially retreated from the dangerous
■I ground they assumed. But the people are stu-
;] pidiy ignorant and miserably blind if they do not
!] perceive the purposes of this modern Democracy
\\ and the full intent of its leaders. Have they no
I ear for the teachings of the past or present ? The
\\ leaders of the rebellion were orthodox, "consti-
;i tutional" Democrats. Jeff Davis, up to the last
moment he spent in the Senate, professed to be a
Union man. So did Burnett and Breckinridge,
though the rebellion was raging when they left it,
and they departed to take position in the rebel
I army. The rebellion was inaugurated by Dem-
ocrats, is being fought by Democrats, and the
Democrats of the present day but execute what
Democrats-planned long ago. The only sympa-
thy with the rebellion in the loyal North is by
Democrats; the only organizations thereto aid the
great conspiracy are organizations of Democrats,
The leaders high in favor with the northern dis*
loyalists are Democrats, and the leaders of the
northern Democracy are disloyalists. The only
•men who make a merit of having opposed the de-
fensive measures of the Government from the first,
who in Congress boast of never having voted a
man or a dollar for the war, and out of it discour-
age enlistments, are Democrats. The men who
have been arrested for sending armsand supplies
to the rebels, for inciting rebellion in the North,
for treasonably communicating intelligence of our
military movements, for acting as spies for the
enemy, are Democrats. The Gwins, Benhams,
Smiths, and others of my own State, who were
confined for a limited period by the Government,
were all Democrats, and they followed their Demo-
cratic proclivities by hastening to swell the rebel
forces when released. As soon as Democrats get
power they use it to embarrass the Government.
Where they can aid the rebels by exciting hope
of a northern revolution they do so. Where they
can accomplish their object by preventing legisla-
tion calcuiatcd to injure the rebels they do it.
Democrats promised to the re Ifls that if the South
seccded a northern army should interpose against
the Government in their behalf, and that northern
Democratic troops should annihilate any other
northern troops who sought to subdue the rebel-
lion. Overawed at first by the attitude of the
people, the promise was not fulfilled, but now the
promise is renewed of northern Democratic in-
tervention against the war.
in view of these facts, stamping the Democratic
organization as an instrument in the hands of
traitois, as hostile to the integrity of the Union
and the safety of the Government as the imme-
diate minions of the arch-traitor himself, any citi-
zen who gives his voice and vote to this organi-
zation gives his moral and material support lo the
rebellion. lie fosters a party which has deluged
the land in blood, which has laid thousands of
our fellow-citizens in untimely graves, and filled
our homes with mourning. He becomes particeps
criminis in the greatest crime of modern or ancient
history. He yields himself to the purposes of
those who rejoice in the success of the rebel arms
and are downcast when our brave soldiers are
crowned with victories. I know the cupidity in-
cited by a thirst for office. 1 know that men who
aim at some mean place in States and counties, or
some higher positions there, will join their for-
tunes with whatever party may be able or willing
to ad vance their petty objects. Such men will sell
themselves to treason, and seek to drag the peo-
ple down that they may mount upon them to place.
Out the masses of the people, whose interests and
happiness are indissolubly connected with the safe-
ty of the Government, must be enlightened to the
real issues involved,and the real purposes of that
modern Democracy, the success of which is dis-
union,disgrace,and national annihilation. In this
day that tries the souls of men and the virtue of
the people I would not be wanting in my duty.
On this floor I have sought, by word and vote, to
unselfishly uphold the hands of the Government.
Though I may never tread these Halls again—and
if my own wishes are consulted shall not—I re-
tire with a consciousness of having done my duty
to the Government and the people. I have faith
that the people of my State will not desert the
Government in this struggle, or follow these Dem-
ocratic demagogues in the path of treason. That
they may not, 1 have uttered these words of warn-
ing.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The bill under considera-
tion is a strong measure, calculated to put to the
test theHstrengtii of our Government in a manner
! to which it has not heretofore been subjected. It
| is a measure to take able-bodied men from their
j homes by force, and put them into the service of
I the country to defend the Government against the
| assaults of the enemies of the country. It is, in
I my judgment, a necessary measure to be adopted
i in the existmgcondition of our public affairs, and
! I shall vote for it. I shall vote for the bill if I am
| compelled to withoutamendment, though I should
1 prefer that it should be amended.
i It is said that this bill contains provisions which
