1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are unnecessarily severe; that it has not in its pro-
visions a due record for the rights of the States;
that it has not u due regnid fur the rights of the
citizens of the States. A measuie of this kind
must necessarily be u strong measure to be suc-
cessful. But to s< e whether it is within the power
which is delegated to Congress to pass, 1 invite
the attention of the House for a single moment to
the consideration of the powers of the Govern-
ment upon this and kindred subjects.
The Constitution of the United States, which
creates the Government of the United States, and
which confers upon the Government the power to
suppress domestic insurrection, confers upon the
Government the power to raise and support ar-
mies, to provide and maintain a navy, to levy and
collect taxes; and from this ample stoichouse of
power Congress may enforce into the armies of
the Union every man who owes allegiance to the
Government. Ay, it may do more; it niay in-
vite all others to our standard, and to fight in its
defense. By all others, 1 mean those who are ca-
pable of conducting the war according to the rules
of civilized warfare.
It may go stii! further; it may, by the power to
levy and collect taxes, take every dollar of treas-
ure for the support of the Government, every dol-
lar of treasure which is protected by our lawf.
Further still, it may bonow money to the extent
of the credit of the Government for the purpose
of maintaining-tHe integrity of the Government of
the country. The Constitution, which gives us
and from which we derive the powei to suppress
this insurrection, created this Government. When
the Government was created it was endowed with
certain attributes of sovereignty, certain incidents
to us creation necessary for its preservation. One
of those is the right to eminent domain; and an-
other is, when the nation entered into the society
of nations it was entitled to the benefit of and
subject to the duties imposed by the law of na-
tions. By the right of eminent domain, in great
emergencies we may press property into the ser-
vice of the Government. We may destroy prop-
erty, as Moscow was destroyed. We may lay
waste our territory, as was a portion of the Rus-
sian empire laid waste by Peter the Great, for
which he was rewarded by the great victory of
Pultowa. This was done by the right of eminent
domain, and not by the law of war. When we
exercise this right, it is an attribute of sovereign
power; and if we take or destroy property under
this power, we appropriate it for public use, and
upon compensation.
This is a very material principle in ascertaining
the power of the Government in prosecuting this
war: but I will not further elaborate itat piesent,
or inquire into the limits of this right. We may
raise and support armies, and by virtue of that
power we may bring into the service of the Gov-
ernment every individual who owes allegiance to
the Government. One of the amendments which
I should like to have made to the bill is one which
would provide that persons who do not owe alle-
giance to the Government might not be forced to
fight for the Government; for it js important that
while we are striving to maintain Government and
law, that we the law-makers should not becomc
violators of the law. I have not much examined
the subject, but I doubt the propriety of that pro-
vision .
Mr. RIDDLE. My friend from Rhode Island
will allow me to remind him that the ordinary
mle which would prevent the employment of that
classof persons does notnow apply, because these
foreigners can m no event be culled upon to fight
against their own sovereigns.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. My proposition is un-
shaken by the suggestion of the gentleman fiom
Ohio. I entertain the same apprehension which i
did before he interrupted me. I doubt the power
of the Government to impress into its army per-
sons who do not owe allegiance to it, and I should
be glad if this bill could be amended in that re-
spect.
There are one or two other amendments that I
should desire to see .made, but before I proceed to
consider them i ask the attention of the House
for a moment to the remarks of the very accom-
plished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bid-
£le,1 who uddrcssed the House this afternoon in
opposition to some of the provisions of the bill.
1 agree with lum in all he said in favor of preserv-
ing the liberties of the citizen. I would go as far
as any gentleman upon this fioor to preserve those
rights which were embodied in the British con-
stitution, therights which were established by the
Revolution m England, lights which have ever
been dear tu the people whom I represent hero to-
day. 1 admne those principles because ihoy were
the principles whtcb were incorporated into the
British constitution by the Puritans, and may
have been said to have resulted from the experi-
ences of the English people. They cost much of
trial and much of suffering to those people, who
took their lives m their hands in defense of these
sacied lights of the citizen—those Puritans whose
descendants are now to be proscribed, according
to the doctrine of some gentlemen here. 1 feel a
peculiar interest in their success here, becauscin
tins country they had their foundation in the con-
stitution of my own native State, and there they
have ever been held sacred, and have never been
violated. Conscious to-day thather record is clear
of all oppression so far as regards those great fun-
damental piinciples, if 1 advocated any measure
here which tended to abridge them, I should bo
unworthy of that people and should be ashamed
to return to them.
1 understand military Kw to be the law by which
a country governs its own army; in other words,
the Articles of War. Martial law I understand to
be the law by which a military commander gov-
erns the territory or the people upon the territory
within the lines of his active military operations.
The laws of war 1 understand to be th'ose laws
which fix the rights and duties of belligerents m-
ter se. Military law has nothing to do with the
arbitrary arrests of citizens, of which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania spoke this afternoon, be-
cause it applies only to the Army and to those
who arc subject to the Articles of War. Martial
law I understand to be the law by which a military
commander governs'the people upon the territory
within the line of his active military operations.
The gentleman spoke much about the suspen-
sion of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus.
I desire to make a suggestion or two upon that
subject. I am aware that the laws are not very
well settled upon some of the questions which have
been piesented in this discussion. Perhaps the
authorities may be said to be against rcome of the
propositions 1 sholl state; but l understand the
suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus to be an incident of martial law. I think
the authorities arc universally agreed upon the
truth of that proposition. The Constitution of the
United States recognizes the existence of the writ
of habeas corpus and the right to suspend it, and
puts a limitation upon the exercise of that right;
but is silent as to who shall suspend it.
Now, if the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus is, as 1 suppose it to be, an incident of mar-
tial law, and maitial law is confined to the lines
of military operations, the writ of habeas corpus
could only be suspended within those lines, and
its suspension would seem to arise out of a con-
dition of things, rather than to rest upon any au-
thority m any person or body of persons. But
the suspension of the wiit of habeas corpus does
notauthoiize the aircst of any person. It only
provides that persons unlawfully uncsted shall
not have that remedy to procure their discharge.
If there is any arrest made, it must be made by
virtue of some military or civil authority, and not
by virtue of the suspension of the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus.
I would say one word further in reference to
these aibttrary arrests. I have no doubt that
there hav«{ been some made that were very un-
wisely made; some that were unlawful, and that
ought not to have been made. But,-while I say
that, I believe, on my conscience, that a great
many other persons ought to have been arrested
who have not been arrested. There arc a great
many men who are at large to-day, in the rebel
army, who ought to have been imprisoned. This
does not at all mterfeie with the correctness of
the principle which I have laid down. A word
in explanation of this proposition. War was
levied by those in the South who are in rebellion
against the Government the moment they organ-
ized and pataded a force to terrify the people.
War was levied against this Government as long
ago as January, 1861. It was the duty of the
Government at once to organize an army to put
down that war. It was the duty of the Presi-
dent to have entered upon active preparations for
war the moment he entered upon the .duuea-.of.
his office, and to have organized into a military
district the District of Columbia,and every man
should hn\e been arrested and put into*pi390a<
who proposed to leave it avowedly for the pur-,
pose of going into the rebel army, and otherwise
was giving active cooperation to carry on tho re-
bellion.
But the President did not display that energy
of action which was becoming the Executive of
so great a nation upon that occasion. History*
impartial history, will affirm thisjudgment. "When,
war is once levied against the (government every
person who contributes to that war by any act,
no matter how remote ho may be from the scene
where the war is actually levied, is himself guilty.,
of treason, guilty of levying war, and may be tried
and convicted of the crime. When these men
were giving aid and comfort by their conduct and
acts to this rebellion, they had already committed
treason against the Government and ought to have
been arrested and put in prison; and if the Presi-
dent had displayed the energy and ability becom-
ing the Executive of this great nation, that would
have been done. These arrests might have been
made by civil process, and after the quasi mill*
tary occupation of Washington, taking into the
account the actual condition of things here, they
might perhaps well enough have been made by
military authority. 1 would have made thequ If
1 had trespassed upon the domain of private right
in so doing, it would haveJjeen to save the cdifice
of the nation's liberties, and I would have thrown
myself in judgment upon the generosity of the
American people.
But, sir, many of us forget, when we are criti-
cising the acts of the Executive, with what difficul-
ties and embarrassments he was then surrounded.
It is much easier to look back and detect errors
in the past than it is to look forward and avoid
them. VVc arc now, as it weie, on boaid a ship
in a storm. The President is at the helm, and
we must sustain him in his efforts to save the
ship, or it must founder. We must do what we
can to rescue the Government from the perils by
which it is surrounded,and it willnotdo now for
us to stop to criticise too closely the mistakes
which have been made, the difficulties that might
have been avoided, or even the crimes which have*
been committed. It is not very necessary that
we should stop to inquire into arbitrary arrest#
after the policy of making such arrests has been
generally abandoned. Let bygones be bygones for
the present, and Ictus goon and sustain the Gov-
ernment; and when we have shaken ofF the storm
now upon us, then we will talk about and try to
settle th#sc little differences. I believe it to be
necessary to the saving of the Constitution and
the Union. It is a strong measure, and will en-
counter much opposition, let us ameliorate it as
much as we may. 1 desire that it shall go out to
the people carrying with it the recommendation
of as large a numberof the membersof this House
as it is possible to combine in its support. 1 do
not believe that it is necessary, in oruer that we
may pass it and give it effect, that we should de*
nounce anybody. On the other hand, 1 think it
much better for us to conciliate and bring to its
support as many members of this House as is
possible.
With regard to the seventh section, that has
been so much commented upon, 1 cannot dispos-
sess myself of the impression that some gentle-
men who have much to do with our legislation
have a vocabulary peculiar to themselves, and
that, no matter how offensive it may be to other
gontlemen, they like to force their peculiar forms
of expression upon Congress, for what end I know
not, unless that it may receive a congressional
sanction. 1 confess that this phrase<k treasonable
practices" is not very acceptable to me, because
the people may be led to believe s&at it means
something else than treason against the Govern-
ment. They may be made to believe that it means
something else than what it clearly does mean.
This statute is penal in its nature. It is in dero*
gation of the rights of the citizen, and must be
strictly construed. The practice of treason and
"treasonable practices" rnfcan one and the same
thing. That is my construction of it, and I think
the only intelligent construction that can be placed
upon it. I do not understand it to be the inten-
tion of Congress to give the provost marshal
power to create or define any offense not now
