1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
punishable by law, or to inflict punishment for
any act which is not now punishable by law. It
is only for treason'that the provost marshals are
to makff arrests of civilians. And if so, we ought
to be willing to have these objectionable words
struck out of the bill, because they are offensive
to some gentlemen here, and we should try to
make the bill as acceptable as possible, not only
to the people but to the members of this House;
and especially we ought to do this when we can
do so without taking from the bill any of its effi-
cacy.
In this time of the nation's trial I should be un-
worthy of being the Representative of a Rhode
Island constituency if I did not support this bill,
or support any other necessary or proper meas-
ure to uphold the Government. Of course I would
not do an unconstitutional act. But I am for pros-
ecuting the war on any basis of the recognized
rules of international law. I trust that I, and
those whom I represent, willalwayssupportevery
act necessary to maintain the Government in its
integrity. This Constitution, purchased by the
blood and sacrifices of our fathers, was commit-
ted to us as a sacred trust to be transmuted to our
descendants. Are Lwenty million loyal men to
be overborne by eight million disloyal men? Sir,
other gentlemen may desire to outlive their coun-
try, and to feel the shame of having belonged to
a generation of men that were unable to execute
the trust thus committed to them, but I frankly
confess to you that I dp not. This Government
is worthy of all our efforts. We have not been
so successful in some things as we could have de-
sired. This war has not been prosecuted with as
much energy or ability as it might have been
prosecuted. There have been divisions here, di-
visions in the other end of the Capitol, divisions
among military men, all unworthy of the great
work committed to us. These bitter i ivalnes the
masses of the people care nothing about; they
only contemn and despise those who engage in
them. They want the rebellion put down. They
w/int the Constitution pieservcd. They care but
little who leads in the council or who lead the
armies to victory, so long as the council is well
conducted and the armies are led to victory.
Therefore, we ought to come to the consideration
of this bill in the spirit of harmony, perfect it as
best we can, and let it go out to the people with
all the moral power that we can impart to it to
commend it to their judgment.
The gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Hud-
dle] had his grievances to complain of. Some of
hi's constituents and friends had bren arrested. I
have my grievances too; so have my people their
grievances. More than sixteen thousand okthe men
of my State have been summoned from their homes
to fight the battles of their country. Many of their
brightest jewels have been sacrificed on the battle-
field. Many of their homes are now clothed in
mourning. This is the grievance that 1 have to
lay hefoic you. It is a wiong uf a deeper dye than
the wrongs of which my friend from Pennsylva-
nia complains. His complaints sink into insig-
nificance when compared with that great wrong
done to the loyal people of the North by the men
in rebellion against the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I have no sympathy with those
men who ny "peace! peace! when there is no
peace." 1 desire peace, but J do not desire it at
the sacrifice of the national honor. I will never
consent to the establishment of any pence that
will reflect dishonor upon this Government or tins
country. I will never consent to any pence that
will divide the nation, which is bound together by
natural ligaments and social ties which cannot be
dissolved without breaking our country into many
fragments. The only way to secure peace is by
compelling those in icbeliion to submit to the Con-
stitution and the laws. When that is done I will
strctch out my arms as widely as any man in the
House to biidge the chasm tliut may then exist
between us and those in ai ms against the Govern-
ment. But, until they do submit to the laws, our
only course is to move on out armies, that they
may crush out all opposition to the Government,
1 know that this law will put to a severe test
th<> loyalty of tin; people, in their submission
to its provisions is involved the question of their
devotion to their country. The very act of sub-
mission will havre a good effect in crushing the
rebellion. It will show those who are in rebel-
lion thai the people arc determined to sustain the
Government, that they are willing to make sacri-
fices to uphold it. When the force is enlisted that
is contemplated by this bill, the moral power of
that force in the field will almost sweep away this
rebellion. We have nothing to discourage us.
We expect soon to have Vicksburg, and to open
the Mississippi. The region west of the river will
then fall into our hands. I trust that Charleston
and Savannah will also soon be in our possession.
I have waited patiently for this, and I am still
waiting with confident expectation.
When those cities are in our hands we shall
have no more running of the blockade. And
while I refer to the blockade, I desire to refer to
the vessels that are pirating upon our commerce.
They are mere sea-robbers. Privateers capture
prizes and carry them into port for adjudication,
but these vessels do not profess to do this. They
simply take and rob vessels who are engaged in
commerce, without ever taking any vessel into
port or having any adjudication upon the vessels
or cargoes they capture. The Alabama was never
in a southern port. She was paid for by two hun-
dred and ninety British meichams, and fitted out
in the very face of the British Government. This
fact, arid the fact that the port of Nassau is open
to this class of vessels, and to another class who
are constantly employed in an unlawful commerce
with the blockaded ports of the southern States,
acts done with the acquiescence of the British
Government, are enough to awaken serious ap-
prehensions of the disposition to neutrality of the
British Government.
The Barbary States were once infested by a nest
of pirates that preyed upon the commerce of south-
ern Europe. Incensed by these outrages, the Eu-
ropeans destroyed the fcarbary cities which af-
forded shelter to these desperadoes. I commend
this example to the American Government.
This rebellion! How full of meaning, how
full of suggestion aie these simple woids ! Homes
desolated; mothers bereaved; wives widowed;
the tenderest tic of mote delicate lclations broken;
country assaulted, treasure expended, and for-
tunes destroyed, all rise to heaven mingling with
the orphans' wail to accuse and condemn the per-
petrators of this terrible crime agamst human-
ity. What is all this for ? Is it to ameliorate the
condition of any portion of the human race, to
enlarge the domain of human liberty, or to ad-
vance and extend human rights? No; nor even
for the humblercause of avenging an injury; but
the highest reason yet given to justify the icbel-
iion which, in justice, can be alleged, is an ap-
prehension by those in rebellion that the rights in
slaves will not be propeily respected. The men
of the South believed labor to be degrading; the
men of the North believed it to be respectable.
This was a difference of taste which was acted
upon, and induced a difference of habit, a differ-
ence of sentiment, and a difference of character.
This difference was antagonistic, and this antag-
onism aggravated by the morbid apprehensions
of southern men for the security of all their rights
in slaves, until the smoldering fires of southern
resentment, enkindled, fostered, and favored by
the dnik and sinuous schemes of political adven-
turers, belched forth in the awful conflagration in
which is now enveloped the destiny of this em-
pire. When befoie m the history of the world
does there appear to have been committed such a
crime against humanity? Is there no uncommon
wiath of Heaven to punish this crime? I will not
question the arrangements of divine wisdom, or
hold parlance with that Power who has decreed
that the wrath of man shall be made topraise Him,
but I have an abiding trust that He will do all
things well.
When the Barbary States continued to fit out
pirates for a very long period of time, the States of
southern Europe went there and destroyed those
Barbary cities. And if Nassau continues as it
has hitherto done to violate ull laws of nations in
sheltering a nest of pirates theic, England cannot
complain if Nassau suffers the fate of the Barbary
States.
Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill will pass but I
hope the (luurman of the Committee on Military
Affairs will permit it to be amended in such par-
ticulars as shall make u more pet feet.
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I am
opposed to this bill in its whole scope,spirit,and
intent. It invests the Piesident of the United
Stated with military power over every aitizen be-
tween the ages of twenty and forty-five, and sub-
jects them to summary arrest and trial by court-
martial. It hi effect con verts the whole country into
one vast military camp, and transforms all its citi-
zens into soldiers, and makes the President the
supreme arbiter of power. It might well be en-
titled a bill to declare and establish a dictator.
Power, sir, is a dangerous thing. " It works
like madness in the brain." We have had for the
two years just passed numerous illustrations of
that fact. 1 am opposed to this because I believe
that it is opposed to the letter and spirit and to the
intent of the Constitution of the United States;
not that I deny to the President of the United
States,as Commander-in-Chiefandas chiefexecu-
tivc officer of the United States, power to call into
requisition all the military resources of the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of repelling invasion or
suppressing insurrection and enforcing the laws.
I admit the power, but the mode and manner in
which that power is to be exercised is prescribed
and defined by the Constitution; and where the
mode and manner of exercising a given power is
laid down and defined it is a rule of construction
and a principle of constitutional law that every
other power and mode than that laid down and de-
fined is excluded.
Mr. Speaker, if there was anything of which
our fathers were jealous and against the dangers
of which they sought to provide, it was the power
of an overshadowing standing army. The writers
and commentators on the Constitution, cotem-
poraneous with its adoption, have written on the
subject and elucidated the meaning, the intent,and
the spirit of that instrument. The power is clearly
given to raise and supportarmies. How are they
to be raised and supported? 1 admit the power
of the General Government, independent of the
States, to get all of the men into the Army that it
can by voluntary enlistments. But when it goes
beyond that, you have to resort to the militia of
the States and call them into the service of the
United States as such. You have no power to
force soldiers into the service of the United States
in any other way than through and by means of
the militia organizations established under the
laws of the States.
After granting the power to raise and support
armies the Constitution further provides that Con-
gress shall have power—
aTo provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, to suppress insiurection, and repel In-
vasion*.."
Theie is no other conceivable purpose for which
a militaty force could be used than those here
enumciated, and in order to make the militia when
called into the service efficient, the further power
is given Congress—
" To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
mihtin, and for govci ning such part of them as may be em-
ployed in the service ol the United States, reserving to tho
Slates M^peetively the appointment of the officer* and the
atithotily ot naming the militia according to the discipline
pie&cribed by Congiess."
These are plain, practical provisions incorpo-
rated into the Constitution in order to establish
that uniformity m the organization, arming, and
discipline of the militia of the different States ne-
cessary to make them efficient when brought into
the service of the United States, so that when
placed under the governing power of Congress
and fused into one mass, they should have arms
of the bamc caliber adapted to the use of the same
kind of fixed ammunition, and they should be
subject to the same organization, discipline, and
drill. Here we have not only the power given to
raise and support armies, but the mode, means,
and purposes by and for which they are raised is
clearly defined and prescribed; and I maintain that
every other mode and power is excluded. The
great point to be attained by the framors of the
Constitution was to provide for every exigency
that might arise, and at the same time to guard
against the dangers of a large standing army, the
bane of ic publics, and always dangerous to liberty.
Another point to be attained was to provide against
undue encroachments on the rights and sover-
eignty of the States by the General Government.
It was thought, and so argued in the Convention
that formed the Constitution, that these provisions
effected alt these objects; that every power was
granted necessary to make the militia thoroughly
efficient and effective, the President is made their
Commander-in-Chief when called into the service
of the United States, and Congress is vested with
