28.6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
tions made by the present Congress, and to be
made at this session, are as follows:
Appropriations made at the extra session in July, 1861,
were over   $-264,000,000
Appropiiationsmade at the long session end-
ing July 17, 1862, weie over  910,000,000
Appiopriations asked for and to be made at
this present session, say   1,100.000,000
Amount ot appropriations fiom the com-
mencement of the war up to July 1,1864,
(tome oftlie^e applanations already made
have not been drawn, but are liable to he
diawn whenever required, if we have the
monej to meet them) 3,277,000,000
To winch maybe added the apprupi lations
made at tao short legion ending Muich 4,
lN)l. foi current ordmarv rxpens.es for the
>e.ti July 1, .*  52,000,000
Ateo add the balance ot the old debt left us
at the clo-je of the hut AdminiHration,  ay 07,000,000
2.396,000,000
From this sum deduct the receipts from cus-
toms, internal taxes, lands, &e.,iYom Maich
4, Idol, to July 1, 18o4, csiimated at  350,000.000
Staling the public debt from thc*e reliable
data, and if cannot be brought below this*
sum on July i, 1854   $2,046,000,000
On looking carefully at the above figures, it will
be seen that of the large sum, $78^,558,777 62,
required to pay the curreju expenses of the fiscal
year ending July 1, 1863, only $237,337,646 03,
had been realized for the first five months, up
to December 1,1862;and that during the ensuing
seven months from that time, the large sum of
$551,221,131 50 was still to be provided for, be-
ing more than $78,000,000 per month, and more
than £2,500,1)00 per day. The immediate avail-
able resources with which to pay these daily ex-
penses were ^27,067,889 legal tender notes, not
th^n issued, tiie daily leceipts from customs and
internal taxes, and whatever sum might be real-
ized from the daily issue of postal currency of a
less denomination than one dollar. More than
£341,000,000 must be boi rowed in some form be-
tween the 1st day of December, lb62, and the
1st day of July next, to which mu^t be ndded the
sums to be borrowed fiom July j, 1863, to July J,
1864, $772,388,183 56; makimr altogether a sum
to be borrowed m eighteen months overand above
customs and taxes of more than *,1,117,000,000.
How is tins large sum to be obtained ?
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his anniuil
report, indicates two modes of "obtaining it, as
follows: °
1. A national bank bill.
2. By loans in some of the forms heretofore au-
thorized.
I piopose to examine these modes of obtaining
the money in the order above slated.
]. A national bank law. It is proposed by this
bill to authonze the formation of banking corpo-
rations in aU parts of the country, with the usual
powers of Stale brinks. They aie to have the
powei to issue hunk notes to circulate as money,
and to be secured by United States stocks, depos-
ited in the Treasury Department as secuiity for
the redemption of she cui rency thus issued. This
bill in all iisessenti.il features is like the free bank-
ing Liw of the .State of New Yoi k. It proposes to
nationalize all the bank cunency of the country
by the adoption of such a coercive policy toward
existing hanks as will compel them to throw up
their present State charters, and oigunize anew
under this bill. A tax oi two pei cent, per annum
is proposed on all State bank circulation, in addi-
tion to the State, county, and u'y taxes which
State banks at e compelled to pay under State laws,
and in addition to the internal levenue tax of three
per cent, on their profits, making an a^gi e^ate tax
upon Stat'- banks of about five per cent. Hv tins
liosuie policy toward existing banks, it is proposed
to compel them to surrender thf*ir present char-
tered tights, to make a market for United States
stocks, to be deposited in the Treasury Depart-
ment a< a basis for national bank eneulation un-
der this new system, t<; the am ouutof^250,00U,000.
Jt is rdificipaied that in the couis* oi a few years,
and certainly as >-oor as the system goes fully into
operation. United States bonds will be deposited
to this nmuunt. There is no provision requiring
new bauKs, organized under this lull, to redeem
(i.eir circulating notes in coin. They are to remain
ond. r suspension of specie payments, the same as
existing hanks, until there is a general resumption
on the part of the Government and the banks, long
after the close of the war. The central idea of the
measure, as stated in the Secretary's report, " is
the establishment of one sound uniform currency,
of equal value throughout the country, upon the
foundation of national credit, combined with pri-
vate capital, "and the making this the settled finan-
cial policy of the country. This is the scheme
proposed. The first question presented is: will
this materially aid the Government in the present
exigency? I think it will not, and the Secretary
frankly admits that "little direct aid is to be ex-
pected from this plan during the present, and not
very much, perhaps, during the next year." We
have already issued, and put in circulation, legal
tender notes direct from the Treasury, and with-
out the machinery or expense of a national bank,
to about the sum of §250,000,000. These Treas-
ury notes are based, for their security and ulti-
mate redemption, upon the good faith of the peo-
ple and all their property. For what currency
we need in the pending struggle for national ex-
istence, will it be wise to attack the State banks ?
Will it be wise to raise up powerful enemies in
the States to oppose any of the measures of the
Government? The State bank system is older
than the Constitution. It has become deeply root-
ed. Immense interests are involved in the banks
organized all over the country under the-ffotec-
tion and guarantee of State sovereignty. Individ-
uals have, in good faith, paid in "their money to
establish these banks. Vast interests arc involved
in vauous ways. They are intimately interwoven
with the commerce and business of the country.
In the State of New York alone over $19,000,000
of stocks and bonds, many of which have been
purchased from the State at a laige premium, con-
stitute the security for the redemption of their cir-
culating notes. The State of New York has now
the best banking system in the world. These
banks are under much more careful supervision, of
a superintendent residing in their midst, than they
would be under an officer residing as far off as
Washington. The State banks have been liberal
in making loans to the Government in this hour
of the nation's greatest need, and their stockhold-
er, directors, and managers are mostly loyal and
patriotic. Still fuither aid will be solicited and
expected from the existing banks. Will it be wise
to make demands upon them that are not made
upon all otherpioperty? Any invidious discrim-
ination against them, in the way of taxation, it
seems to me, would be unjust.
It has been decided by the courts that Congress
cannot inteifeie diiectly, and prohibit the circula-
tion of State banks. It is proposed to interfeie
indirectly, and impose upon them such heavy tax-
ation that they will be obliged to retire the circu-
lation of bank notes authorized by State laws.
The avowed object of this onerous tax is to do
indirectly what the courts decide cannot be done
duectly. Will this be right in principle: A sov-
ereign State authorizes its citizens to organize
banks, and, under proper restrictions, to issue
bank notes to circulate as money. It would be
wrong tn principle, and certainly contravene the
State sovereignty, for Congress to attempt to de-
cide that such bank notes shall not ciiculate as
money. State banks are largely taxed under
State authority. The most of them pay two per
cent., and all of them at least one and a half per
cent, per annum, on their entire capitals for State,
county, and city purposes. They arc already
taxed under the internal revenue law three per
cent, on their profits, like all other corporations.
Any greater tax would be an invidious discrim-
ination airain&t them, and a manifest attempt to
do indirectly what cannot be done directly, and
a manifest infringement of the rights granted to
'them by State authority. States claim the li^ht to
tax chartered banks under Statu laws upon the full
amount of their capital stock. This is n valuable
resource to the States, counties, and cities where
they are located. In so-far as banks are taxed
within the States and places where they are lo-
cated, it lessens the taxes on other property to
the same amount. Any course of policy which
should depiive the States of this power of tax-
ation would operate unjustly. If the United
States Government has the right to coerce State
banks to sui render their present chartered rights,
and to organize anew under United States law,
and thereby become corporations, holding their
corporate powers from the General Government,
would they be subject to taxation under State
laws? Thisraises a question which may bring
on a conflict between State and United States
laws, which should be avoided if possible.
I am not opposed to a national bank, nor am I
disposed to interfere with the State banks. Both
systems of banking may be legitimate within their
sphere of action. I am willing that the country
should have both. 1 am willing they should go
on pari passu and in competition with each other;
but I am unwilling to^pake war at this time on
the State banks, bccause 1 do not believe that the
benefits to be derived from such a course will suf-
ficiently compensate for the evils that will follow
any attempt to destroy the present State bank
system.
I now propose to examine the constitutionality
of these two systems of banking. If it can be shown
that a national bank is constitutional, it can be more
clearly established that State banks are also con-
stitutional. Jackson, Jefferson,and other states-
men always insisted that the Constitution did not
empower Congress to charter a national bank; and
the former was especially favorable to State banks.
(For Mr. Jefferson's opinion see his letter to Hon.
John W. Eppes, chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee, bearing date November 6, 1813, wherein
he opposes the charter of a United States Bank.)
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF A NATIONAL BANK.
I have no doubt that the general principle of
the national bank bill proposed by the Secretary
of the Tieasury is constitutional. It is true that
there is no express grant of power in the Consti-
tution to incorporate a United States bank. The
power to create a bank is incidental to the powers
expressly granted. The national bank proposed
may be considered an appropriate means to carry
into effect many of the enumerated powers of the
Government. By its provisions it has a direct re-
lation to the national debt, to the power of col-
lecting taxes, internal duties, and excises; to that
of borrowing money, to that of regulating com-
merce between the States, and to that of raising
money to maintain the Army and Navy. It would,
no doubt, be a useful instrument in administer-
ing the fiscal and financial operations of the Gov-
ernment, and it would moreover, in time, be a
useful support to the credit of the Government, by
providing a market for a considerable amount of
the bonds issued in the prosecution of the war.
(See Hamilton's celebrated argument submitted
to Piesident Washington, in favor of the constitu-
tionality of the United States Bank, in February,
1791; McCullock i\s. The State of Maryland, 4
Wheat. R. 422-23, Chief Justice Marshall's opin-
ion.)
STATE BANKS ARE ALSO CONSTITUTIONAL.
In the case of Briscoe vs. The Bank of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, (]] Peters's R , 317,)
Judge McLean hud down the doctrine that a State
cannot emit bills of ciedit, or,-in other words, it
cannot issue that description of paper, to answer
the puiposes of money, which was denominated
before the adoption of the Constitution, " bills of
j cndit." But a State may grant acts of incorpo-
ration for the attainment of those objects which
are essential to the interests of society. This
power is incident to sovereignty; and there is no
limitation in the Federal Constitution on its exer-
cise by the States in respect to the incorporation
of banks.
At the time the Constitution was adopted, the
Bank of North America and the Massachusetts
Bank and some others were in operation. It can-
not, therefore, be supposed that the notes of these
banks were intended to be inhibited by the Con-
stitution, or that they were considered bills of
credit, within the meaning of that instrument. In
fact, in many of their most distinguishing charac-
teristics, they wen, t ssentially different from bills
of credit, m any of the various forms in which
they were issued.
If, then, the powers not delegated to the Fed-
eral Government nor reserved to the States are
retained by the States or the people, and, by a
fair construction of the term bills of credit, as
used in the Constitution, they do not include or-
dinary bank notes, does it not follow that the
power to incorporate banks to issue these notes
may be exercised by a State?
A uniform course of action, involving the right
