1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
No trial is intended, and no judicial tribunal will
ever hear of any of these treasonable practices.
This clause is incorporated here to afford an
apology for illegal arrests. Men will be arrested
without oath, and without show of probable cause.
They will be detained without the benefit of a
speedy and public trial by an impartial jury of
the country. It is but the renewal of that reign of
terror which we passed through but a fow days
before our election last fall.
But another new kind of crime is established
and invented by this bill. If any person shall
dissuade another from the performance of military
duty he is to be considered as guilty of crime and
subject to summary arrest and trial. What does
that mean ? Does it mean that if a man denounces
the policy of this Administration as wicked, cor-
rupt, and dangerous to the liberties of the people;
if he denounces the acts of usurpation of which
it has been guilty; if he denounces the monstrous
policy upon which it at present conducts the war
in open and flagrant violation of the Constitution,
and in derogation of the rights and established in-
stitutions of the States, is he to be taken and held
as discouraging persons from the performance of
military duty ? ifso, then I suppose he would be
held guilty, and would be subject to military arrest.
We all know what construction will be placed
upon this provision. They are unjust and in-
genious devices by which the people are to be
deprived of this last vestige of liberty. All this
might be borne if the injured citizen could appeal
to the local State judicial tribunals for the redress
of injuries thus inflicted upon him; but by your in-
demnity bill provision is made for taking all this
class of cases, by a novel and unusual mode of ap-
peal, to the United States courts; and when thus
appealed, you have provided that under the ph>a
of the general issue evidence may be offered to
show that the wrong was committed upon proba-
ble cause, or undercolor ofauthonty derived from*
the President or a lit w of Congress, and such proof
shall constitute a good and valid defense to the
action, and the court shall so charge the jury, and
thejuiy shall so find. Thus you declare by law
what shall be a defense; you put the charge to (he
jury in the mouth of the court, and compel the
jury to find accordingly. What more effectual
immunity could be granted for the commission of
these wrongs upon the rights and the liberties of
the citizen than are here given? Not only the
independence, but the very existence of the local
State judicial tribunals is struck down so far as
this class of cases are concerned, and it is sought
to dog him into submission to these wrongs by
compelling him to seek rediess in distant courts,
under circumstances of great inconvenience and
at great cost; and as n fuither penalty for seeking
redress, it is provided that if he is non-suited, or
fails in the action, he shall pay double costs.
When you have overthrown the constitutions of
the States; when you have overthrown the judi-
cial authorities of the States; when you have re-
moved from the citizens every possible means for
tho protection of their |fbrsonai liberty and prop-
erty; when you have done all this, the only i efuge
which is left, the only appeal which the injured
and outraged citizen can make, is to the God of
justice and the God of right. And ifthese outmges
are carried to the extent I apprehend they will be,
that appeal, as God reigns in heaven, will be made.
I tell you that in my section of the State of Ohio
the spirit of our citizens will no longer tolerate
these things. They will defend the rights of the
citizen; and if you close ail the judicial tribunals
and every mode of legal redress to them, they will
plant themselves upon the constitution of their
Status and of the United States, and defend them-
selves in the possession of the 1 ights and liberties
guarantied to them by those instruments, with
and by all the means which God and nature have
placed in their possession. They have already
borne too much, and I tell you they will not bear
more.
Why, gentlemen upon the other'side of the
House say there has not been enough of this thins:;
that there ha\e not been as many political arrets
as should have been made. And they talk about
liberty, about free government, and about repub-
lican institutions. My God! what ideas of ic-
publican institutions, of free government, and of
liberty, must such men have? What do they mean
by these words? Is it that kind of license which
permits one party, because they have the power,
to seize, without authority of law, condemn with-
out trial, and imprison without process, the par-
tisans of another party? Is that the kind of free
government thev want? Is that the kind of re-
publican institutions which it is desired to perpetu-
ate in this country? Is that the liberty of which
you boast so much? Sir, I want liberty, but I want
it regulated by law, not by license, not subject to
the capricious will of any one man. This bill
strikes at the very roots of every immunity that
belongs to the citizen. It not only affects his per-
sonal liberty, but it even affects the freedom of his
speech; it puts a gag on his mouth and will sub-
ject him to arrest and imprisonment for words
spoken. Why, sir, the theory of our Govern-
ment is that even error of opinion may be toler-
ated so lojig as reason is left free to combat it, or
until it seeks to perpetuate itself by force.
We are willing to extend to you, without let or
hinderance on our part, all the rights we claim for
ourselves. We invite you into the arena before
the people, to a full, fair, and unrestrained discus-
sion of the questions at issue between us. Bring
to your aid every argument and every reason you
can to support your sinking cause; and let it be
understood that these same rights which we con-
cede to you we claim and intend to exercise for
ourselves, and no earthly powershall prevent us
from doing so. God, by a law of 1 lis own making,
made thought free and left each individual free to
select his own form and mode for its expression;
and it is not for you, gentlemen, to ascend the
throne of the Almighty and attempt to set bound-
aries to the rang*1 of opinion or prescribe the forms
of speech in which it shall be expressed, and to
denounce your judgments upon men who do not
think and speak according to prescribed forms.
When God made man in His own image, the no-
blest of nil sublunary beings, a creature endowed
with reason and freewill, an intellectual being, it
became his high prerogative, each one for himself
and not one for another, to exercise these facul-
ties; not as he must answer to you, but as he must
answer to his Creator, for himself, so he must use
and improve his talents forhimself;and it is only
when opinion seeks to perpetuate itself by force,
and not by argument and consent, that it may be
met with forec. In these reapects our Govern-
ment is but a reflex of the divine mind, and while
we on our side support our cause by the persua-
sive influences of truth, reason, and argument,
you on your side have no right to resort to coer-
cive measures against us. If you dc,I warn you
that an eye for an eye and tooth fortooth will be
the law. We intend to walk m the light of our
own umsou, founing our own judgments and pur-
suing our own conclusions, suppoiting them by
the inherent power of truth, illustrated by such
reason and argument as we can bring to bear.
Were we, on all fitting and proper occasions, to
refuse to do so, we would violate a trust reposed
in us by God himself, and prove ourselves unwor-
thy of our divine Master, fit subjects for degrada-
tion and slavery.
Now, sir, 1 wish to say that I believe this to be
a bill that would strike down the rights of the
States and the liberties of the citizen, and that if
attempted to be enforced and executed, it wiil
lend to results and calamities in this country
wthch would sadden all our hearts, and the hearts
of right-minded men everywhere. The time has
passed when the people of this country will sub-
nut longer to the state of things which has been
inaugurated by the party now m power. They
know their rights, and knowing them, they are
bent and determined upon maintaining them at
all costs and at nil hazards. Gentlemen on the
other side may take all the comfort they can from
any appaient reaction they see going on in tho,
country. We have suffered imprisonment; we
have suffered wrongs, and insults, and indigni-
ties; our motives of patriotism have been im-
pugned; thousands of our citizensarc to-day lan-
guishing in your prisons and bastiles, snuffing the
(lamp vapors of solitary dungeons, separated from
their families, their business,and all the associa-
tions and endearments that cluster around home;
and all, sir, foi no other crime or offense than that
their views and opinions do not exactly corre-
spond with your own; men whose ruling passions
are an uncompromising devotion to the Constitu-
tion and the Union, but differ with you as to the
best means to be employed for their maintenance
and support.
I am sorry to hear gentlemen upon this floor
justify all these outrageous proceedings, and man-
ifest an apparent delight at them, insisting that
there has not been enough of it, seeking an ex-
tension of these proscriptions, imprisonments,
und sufferings, by giving to them legal sanction
and immunity. I wain gentlemen not to carry
this thing too far. Thereisa pointbeyond which
forbearance ceases to be a virtue. The resent-
ments which these wrongs have planted in the
hearts of the people are strong and deep. Sir, I
speak it not as a threat, not as a menace, but as
a solemn warning, that the time may come when
you may be compelled to reap a rich harvest of
"thorns which are of the tree you planted."
Ay, sir—
"The time may come, nor long remote, when thou
Shalt feel far more than thou inflietest now—
Feel for your viie self-loving selves in vain,
And turn thee howling in imputed pain.
The tetiong curse of crushed affection will tight
Hack on your bosoms wtih reflected blight,
And make you in your lepiosy of mind
As loathsome to youtselves as to mankind,
Till youi hard hearts? he calcined into dust,
And your bouls wither in then hideous crust;
Then, when you tain wouldst weary Heaven with prayer,
Look on thine earthly victims and despair."
Mr.VALLANDiGH AM addressed the House.
[His remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me a few moments of his time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for a little while.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I will not
take up the time of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
Bingham,] who was kind.euough to yield me the
floor. 1 propose to detain the House for a few
moments in reply to one or two observations that
fell fiorn the lips of the member from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. Mi. Speaker, I ob-
ject to any one taking the floor from my colleague
unless I have the privilege of leply.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Spi alter, no objection
was made when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr,
Bingham] yielded me the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] y ielded the floor to the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania by unanimous consent. There was no
objection made at the time, and the Chair thinks
that the objection now comes too late.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Very well. I will
have an opportunity.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I trust the member from
Ohio will have the opportunity that he desires to
reply to anything that may fall from my lips on
this or on any other occasion. Iam not one of
those men who desire to suppress debate. I like
free discussion, and feel perfectly able to take care
of myself here and everywhere.
Mr. Speaker, I did not indulge in personal de-
nunciation this afternoon, in the remarks that I
had the honor to submit to the House, of any
individual or member on this floor. 1 individual-
ized no man, or any member of this House. I
did denounce traitors, and I did denounce sym-
pathizers with treason heie and everywhere. A
member from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] this
evening rose in his place and made individual
application of my remarks by applying them to
himself. I made no such application; but if the
member from Ohio saw proper to apply (hem to
himself, he had the right to do so; and it is not
my province, nor is it obligatory on me, to dis-
pute the faithfulness of the sketch.
The member of Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham]
should know, Mr. Speaker, that he cannot prevent
me from giving utteiance here or anywhere to my
sentiments by mere denunciation, or by using epi-
thets which ill become the member from Ohioorany
member on this floor, it is a pretty state of things
if we are to be prevented from any cause from de-
nouncing traitors wuhin the hails of the Ameri-
can Congress. I violated no rule of debate, for [
individualized no man. My expiesi-ions were
sweeping, bioad, and perfectly adapted to every
traitor in the land. I repeat them, Mr. Speaker.
I say that if, when our brave boys are defending
their country in the field, doing battle in the face of
the foe, staining the battle-field with their blood,
we cannot here denounce rebels and sympathizers
with secession and treason, we fail in our duty to
their country, and are cowards and slaves, on this
floor. It shall not be said that I belong to a class
