288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
has largely increased the demand for a larsjfr vol-
ume of cmrency than was ever required befoic.
Theie lias been a large demand for currency in
the western Slates to purchase and bring rbrwaid
the immense crops that have been produced dur-
ing the last two years. The winding up of a largo
number of badly organized and bu.diy managed
ban ks in those States left a large vacuum to be filled
by bills of solvent banks and legal tender notes.
The Government has been buying largely, in all
parts of the country, food, clothing, and all mu-
nitions of war, beside the large sums required
for pay and bounty money of the volunteer sol-
dnns that have gone forth from all the States.
No doubt considerable amounts of this money
still remain in the hands of the soldiers them-
selves and their families, practically wiihdiawn
from circulation for the time being. Fifty, one
hundred, and as high, even, as two hundred dol-
lar,were paid foi volunteers to fill up the IdSi two
calls made by the President. Fifty dollars paid
to each soldier, to the number of six hundred thou-
sand, would require §30,000,000, to say nothing
of the amounts required for the army previously
sent into the field. It is perfectly plain where
the currency has gone during the past six months.
The operations of the Army and Navy alone have
required in all forms, not less than ^200,000,000
in Dank bills and legal tender notes, it is no won- ;
der that currency lias been scarce in all the orui- j
nary channels of trade and business. It is still
veiy scarcc and difficult to be obtained foi oidi-
nary business purposes in New York and all tin-
western States. I anf assured by bankets and
the best financiers in New Yoik, that if the Sec-
retaiy should put on the market a proposal for a
loan of $50,000,000 it could not he taken, for the
reason that the legal tender notes could not be
obtained in sufficient quantity to pay for a loan of
that amount. It is doubtful whether a loan of
^li),000.000 could be taken at tins time for the
waot of cvurency to pay for it.
It is also \ery difficult foi the collectois of in-
ternal revenue i,> make collections on account of
the scarcity of legal tender notes. I^egal tender
notes are not plenty among the people who are
required to pay your taxes; they are continually
asking for more. Why, then, should we be
alarmed at a fuither issue of legal tender notes'
So long as they are wanted by the business of the
country, demanded by the soldiers for their pay,
begged for by all the needy creditors of thcGov-
ei nnient, siuely Congi ess ought not to hesitate in
an exigency hke the pto&eiu.
11 is no tune now to depress business operations,
oi hold back' I he pay d ue to honest ci ed i1 <   s of the
Government. It is tnnch better to stimulate, make
money plenty, make it easy for people to pay thmr
tax'"S, and easy for Government to make loans.
Tins is the only way m which we can go on in
the present imperiled condition of the counny.
Dm ing the last wai with Great Bi itain, Jeffei son,
in letters wntten during that peiiod, lepeatedly
ui'^ed upon the Government the propriety of is-
suing Treasury notes of con v enient dtmom i nations
to circulate as money. In his letieis to John W.
Eopes, chairman of the Finance Connoii tec, un-
der dates of June 24 and September Jl, lbl3, he
urged upon Congress the nnpoi tance of issuing
T;easury notes whenevei loans could not be made
upon satisfactory t-'rms. fn one of his leiters,
healing date October 15, 1814* he says:
c  f never d-d b -lieve \ou could have jrone beyond a fiM
or second l. an—ntjr noui wain oi confidence ni tin puliia
ta.tii, wliu !i pV'eerly <outid. but lean a wan? <>'. dw-
!)( -, ihle ui'itU ni iml>\aliia!-* Tin eucuUtins luud i< the
oaiy one we c;ui command wuii cedmiity. It i^adietcnt
f<a ail >iiu w.iafs and the imi>(^mlniif\ oi deiem! «ilt the
C''Hiil' J vs itiinUI its .lid a-, a hoi m>w inj  fund reink'i^ >'
p"twahle that da; nation should take ami keep u iu ti.eu
own hand-.-"'
He admitted that the issue of Treasury notes
would banish gold and silver fiom circulation, and
in another lettei adds:
fa Midi a nation ibeie iv one and onlyone re®our^e f<>r
loan--, viitlicicn) to evty thorn throucrh the exp-mse--of a
War; and that will always he >ufTici<Mit. and. in the power
of an honor Government. punctual in the piesciwu.'ui of
it- faith. The fund 1 mean i? the mass of < aculafms > oin.
Evetyouu know* that, although not h?< iaii\, it is neailv
trim that oveiy paper dolkn emit'ed ham-he* a silver one
fiom cttouhuieii.
••A nation. theiGlore. making it* pur^Jia^e^ and payment*
with hi IN lin.'d lot eacnla'.ion. ilnu t- «ui equal fiim ot can
out ot eiK'ULition. Tin-. « rjuivalent to burrowing that
sum ! and \ et the vendor receiving payment in a medium
as effectual a< coin lor his  purchases or payments, has no
claim to invest. And so tlw uauou amy continue to u*ue
it"? bilL- as far as its wants require, and the limits of the
circulation wdl admit."
So it will bo seen that Jefferson, so far from re-
garding it as an evil thatcom should b*e banished
fiom circulation during war, regarded it as a great
advantage; because the Government would then
be able to circulate its own notes, without interest,,
m place of the, coin of individuals. Treasury notes
issued by the Government, he regarded as a loan I
fiom the people, without interest, and the only j
available rcsouiee iu time of war. i
He urged ample taxation as a basis for Govern- j
ment paper issues, and adds: j
'•That in the intcival between war and war, all the out- 1
standing piper should hecalted in. com be permitted to
flow in again, and hold the field otcncuiauoii until another
war should tequire its yielding place agam to tiic national
medium."
A nessentinl feature of the financial plan adopted
last year was the passage of the tat 'IT and internal
revenue laws. It was of great consequence that our
pubhc debt should rest upon a solid foundation.
The property of the countiy, liable to taxation,
amounted in 1860 to over £,16,000,000,000, and
Congress having ample pow  r to tax it to the tul 1 \
amount necessary to pay all Government debts
it was agreed by all paitics thatit was necessary ||
to impotee taxes upon this property,and the piof-
its of business based thereon, m vtuious forms,
for an amount sufficient to pay the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government on a peace footing, and
ail tne interest on the extraordinary war debt.
The ordinary expenses of the Government m
I time of peace do not exceed ^75.000,000, and the
j interest on the wai debt will not probably exceed
1 durmg t he next year the sum of $4.>,000,0U0, while
it is believed that uie revenues derived from the j
tanfF and internal levenue wili not be less than I'
$£00,000,000, leaving $80,000,000 as a sinking
fund to keep down the war debt. It is believed j
that the revenue realized on the present tariff and j!
tax law will pay oidmary current expenses of the ii
Government, and interest on the war debt when '•
it reaches $2,00.),000,000, which is only half the
present debt of Great Onrain. ;i
Congress must mi snape its legislation as to in-
cidentally aid all bianches of productive industry, ;
render thep'  'n!e prospeious, and enable them to
pay taxes uunoMjd for the oidiiiary expenses of ■
the Govern ot •< t r- nd in ten sr on the extiaord mary
war d< bt incurred from day to day in support of
the A riny and Navy. NTotwithstandingtiie magni- ;
tude and exhausting nature of the war, the fman-
i cial meusui es adopted last y'.ar have operated very
i beiit'ficially upon the bu-4i!ies-5 o<"tiie counti v. The :
i people have had ,i urn form r iu reney, and have most
[ abnndantj v pio^pr d ::t aII t iieii business affairs. !,
mostly on iho current
ey pay thern from time
iuii n is a i-uiden, and
n ofiM (,t il;e end of the
i->yal Stores have been
The ta^es b( in_
| business (if the penpi", t
. tii time \v ithout feeling
i lea\ mg them with hit;;*.
j year. The jieople m th
i so prosperous in :ill tinn^s.ao'i t1>o tax-'s so easily ,
j paid from their profits, tin y haully re.i!i/,e in their ,,
: pecuniary affairs that we ar> ''iniagul in such a 11
miuhty simple to preserve the n,ii!onal Govern- l
ment and the National unity.
Upon a full examination of the whole subject, h
and waii a deep solicitude for the success of tne
, measir-es that m iy be finally adopted by Con- .
; giesfs, 1 see no w<iy in which the v/(lys and* means i!
] can be obtained to carry on the Govetnment for j!
1 the next eighteen months, except by a coniin- ''
| nance of'the measures ad( pto<l ntthe last session, ^
' and which have so successfully eat ried us through (
1 the no i lis of the k^t year, \wth such addu ions and ,■
' modifi'MtJons as expeueuce has stiowa to be ne- ;•
I cessary. \
; An additional section has been proposed to the ;■
i financial [dan adopted last yeai. Theieisa large n
! amount of available means in tiiocountrv which, ■'
' ifjtcan be du«.vv n mio the national Treasury, will
be of mont esfteniiu| service at tins time, it has j1
been the subiect of much consideration as to the ii
best form in which it could be offered to the poo-
pie to induce them to let the Government havi the -
, money foi which they have no present use, and be
allowed a fair compensation for its use dating the ,!
i time it is Uoi rowed by the Government. Interest- .■
bearing Treasui y notes ate believed to be the best h
form in which it can be ofiered to the public. j1
IS-TEREST-BEARIXG TRCAbURV VOTES. \]
Under the operation of this new section, these in- '1
lorest-bearuig Treasury notes and the legal tender u
notes would be convertible and inconvertible into
each other at the will of the holder; and as both
can be paid out to the creditors of the G. vornmenf,
they will soon find their way into all the channels
of business in ail parts of the country. The in-
terest-bearing notes will be laid aside, out of cir-
culation, better than gold as an investment, because
yielding a fair rate of interest; while the legal tender
notes will continue to circulate as money. The
object of this section is to reach the money in-
vested in temporary loans, in all the cities, villages,
and towns throughout, the country, and apply it
to sustain the Governmental this time. A large
amount of money is now held by individuals and
corporations, bearing a small rate of interest, or
no interest at all, which is on deposit in banks or
in pi iv ate safes and drawers, wai ting a good oppor-
tunity for permanent in vestment in the purchase of
stocks, mortgages, or other property. Forehanded
farmers, mechanics, manufacturers, merchants,
and even retired capitalists, would like some con-
venient mode of investing their surplus means at
fair rates of interest, and with a certainty that when
a good opportunity ia pi esented to make some busi-
ness transaction they can have legal tender notes
returned to them to use as money. Notes issued
at six per cent, interest, and in denominations of
$20, $50, $100, $200, So00, $1,000^ S^',000, and
$5,000would bein a convenient form forallclasses;
and at tins rate of interest theie is no doubt that
large amounts would be drawn into the Treasury.
Savings banks, trust companies, and othei places
of deposit, now u vet bmdened with money, would,
no doubt, have dtawu fiom them considerable
amounts foi investment in these interest-bearing
notes. Guai dians, executors, and trustees would
largely invest their money in these Government
secuuties. Insurance companies might invest in
them, get six per cent, interest, and be sure, in
cases of loss, to get legal tender notes with winch
to pay their outstanding policies'. Even savings
banks and ti ust companies might invest a part of
their funds in these notes, and be able to tespond
when tneir deposi 'oj s should call for their money.
1 he opeiations undei this section would be like
(b'posns in bunks, and it is very piohabie liiat
£>300,000,000mightbe leached inuieasonable time.
It would he, in fact, a national savings bank, so
arranged that its benefits can lie extended to all,
whsie, at the same time, the Govetnment would
be able to realize a laige amount of money to aid
in the prosecution oi the wai. Some would draw
out their funds iiom tnn', to time, as occasions
should ai ise for business operations, while others
again would invest in new notes issued under the
ant horny to leissue i hem; and the aveiage amount
in the Treasury would be about the tame lrom
week to week. The average deposits in the banks
m the city of Now Yoik aie about the same.
Their weekly published statements show that
there is no very gicat variation in the amount for
weeks and months.
My argument thus far, in regard to interest-
bearing Treasury notes, has been based upon their
character as the section was originally introduced
by me. The section has undergone some change
Mnce that time, i nsfead of six per cent, inteiest,
the rate has been changed in committee, so that
the notes aie to bear only o.47| p,ir cent, interest
per annum, being at the rate of one and one half
cent a day on each $100, but are not convertible
into legal tender notes at the will of the holder as
I (leaned. 1 have not deemed this ehangeasany
impiovement to ihe section,and have only acqui-
esced m it for thfs saice of unity of action in re-
gard to other important sections of the bill. The
section as it now stands, and as I at first intro-
duced it, nuthoi >zes the Secretary to pay these
notes to all ereihiois of the Government who are
willing to receive them in payment of debts, and
they are made n iegal tender for internal taxes and
all dues to the Government except customs, and
may at any time, with the accrued interest, be
exchanged for twenty years six per cent, bonds.
I do not object to the rate of interest now agreed
upon; but the clause having been struck out, which
1 regai ded as giving the most vitality to these
notes,namely, their convertibility at any time into
legal tender notes, has tendei ed them less dt-so able-
They may possibly fail below par, jf ^300,030,000
are paid out in then present .shape, and it is not
probable that so large an amount can be kept out as
if that clause had been retained in the bill. I vvas
ip favor of giving to them the highest legal sane-
