1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
be agreed that by the common law and the statute
of Edward HI words spoken amount only to a
high misdemeanor and no treason." Grant this
to be the true construction of the statute of Ed-
ward lif, as the same stands incorporated in the
treason clause of our Constitution, what comfort
can my colleague derive from that construction
in support of his argument against the bill now
under discussion, that you may not provide, as
in this bill is provided, to punish not as treason,
but as " a high misdemeanor," the utterance of
words spoken, written, or printed, with intent to
counsel and advise resistance to the laws, or to
dissuade drafted soldiers from the performance of
their duty ?
My colleague should not forget that the Gov-
ernment may well define and punish other crimes
as well as that of high treason. It may punish
all crimes against its lawful authority. It is too
late to question the power of Congress to punish
crimes other than the cri me of high treason. Who
will say that by law this Government may not
punish the offense of inducing desertion as is pro-
vided by this bill?
I suppose that the referencepf my colleague to
the provision of the statute (if 25 Edward III,
defining treason, was to proclaim in advance that
all of this legislation which provides for punish-
ing as a crime those who in any way aid in en-
couraging desertion or forcible resistance to the
laws is unconstitutional; that you cannot punish
persons who favor this rebellion, except those
who actually take up arms and levy war against
the Republic. I do not believe it. I wish to say,
in addition, that notwithstanding his suggestion
that the Supreme Court would declare this law
unconstitutional and deny the power of the Gov-
ernment to punish and restrain the 44 treasonable
practices" defined in and prohibited by this bill,
in my opinion that court will never so decide,
never, sii; and that is all I desire to say on that
subject, as the future will, in the ovent of the pas-
sage of the bill, furnish full and final answer to
that suggestion of my colleague.
I have thought it my duty to take some notice
of this speech of my colleague, not so much for
what it contains as for what it omits touching our
power under the Constitution to enact the pro-
posed law. The premises of my colleague's speech,
though not by him expressly stated, are that the
Government is powerless to make laws for its
defense againnt those who encourage rebellion;
that none but an imperial despotism would at-
tempt to subjugate by force the rebel members
of -a State; that it is foreign to the spirit of our
laws to subjugate traitors! I beg leave to say,
Mr. Speaker, if there beanyhuman Government
on tins earth which ought to coerce submission
to Us authority and its laws, it is this republican
Government which our fathers gave us. .So long
a* the majority of the people in this land insist
that the Government shall be maintained, it is to
my mind clear that it is their right and duty to
pass all laws necessary to enable them to crush
armed rebellion against its authority. The gen-
tleman says that if you pass this and kindred
bills for the suppression of this rebellion, then we
must have revolution. The people only can make
revolution. I rather think that my colleague is
not well enough informed about the purposes of
the people to say that they will rush into revolu-
tion. lie may be ready for revolution, and doubt*
h sa hp might wish to lead that revolution ; but are
the people ready to assent to that ? He can inaug-
urate u at his pleasure. So long as the people are
faithful to the great trust of maintaining free repre-
sentative government, they will tak^are of a rev-
olution either inauguiated by him or any of his
associates who howl againstthe Executive for pro-
tecting and defending that Government against
nrmed rebellion,
^ What is the gentleman's argument against (his
bill? One objection by him urged is that the bill
provides for what he is pleased to call arbitrary
arrests What is the provision5 Simply that who-
ever shall resist any diaft of men enrolled under
this act, or counsel or aid any person to resist
.such draft, or assault any officer in making such i
diaft, shall, for the time being,be subject to sum- j
mary arrest by the provost marshal,and shall be I
delivered to the civil authorities, and upon trial |
and coifvictum besubject to fine and imprisonment. I
That is what mv colleague calls arbitrary arrests, j
His logic, I suppose, is that men may resist a i
lawful draft, may aid resistance thereto, may bru-
tally assault drafting officers, but shall not be
interrupted in their crime until affidavit is made
before and warrant obtained from some United
States commissioner or judge, remote, it may be,
hundreds of miles. He would not allow the mar-
shals of the United States to be the conservators
of the public peace, nor even the judges of the
United States to be conservators of the peace,
though the steps of the temple of justice and the
laws may be stained by the blood of the citizen
shed by lawless violence in their presence, and in
forbidden resistance to the lawR which they are
sworn So support and execute. The gentleman's
argument means, though he has not the candor
plainly to declare it, that traitors and all their aid-
ers have the right to go on with their crime and
murder until legally arrested upon complaint and
warrant in due form of law, and only after such
legal arrest to be made to answer for their crimes
upon the verdict of an impartial jury of the State
and district in which they may have committed
their offenses. I have heard something like this
before in my time.
I do not think the gentleman will deny that the
three hundred thousand armed rebels in the south-
ern States have been committing treason and mur-
der and robbery, and every other crime prohib-
ited by your laws. According to the gentleman's
argument we are not to arrest them summarily,
foi that is arbitrary, he argues, but that we arc
to proceed literally according to the provisions of
the Constitution, which my colleague cites as con-
clusive of the whole matter, to wit:
That no person -diall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment or in-
dictment by a grand puy," 44 and in all criminal pto-eeu-
uon* tlip aecu«,ed shall enjoy a speedy and public tna! by
an nnpaitial jury ot' ihn Stale and district wherein thecume
shall have been committed.
Of courseit will be said the argument had appli-
cation only to the aiders of the rebellion; those who
aid it bj lesifitmg the diaft, by counseling; resist-
ance to the draft, or by assaulting the drafting offi-
cer*?. ifthe argument is good for such aidersofthc
rebellion it is of equal force as to the rebels, for t hey
are persons as well as their aiders, and like them
are included in the provisions of the Constitution
cited. If the argument be good for one it isgood
for all cases of forcible resistance to the laws, and
it therefore results that summary arrests may not
be made of the traitor or his ally without lawful
warrant first obtained. What sort of logic and
reason is this upon a question of this sort when
three hundred thousand rebels are in arms ? Does
not the gentleman himself see that there is a hia-
tus in his logic wide enough to drive a coach and
six through? You must not arrest these men
nor restrain them of their liberty without lawful
warrant first duly obtained, nor must you inflict
punishment upon them until first upon indictment
and by verdict of an impartial jury of the State
and district you shall have established his guilt;
and the gentleman reads with great gravity the
provisions of the Constitut ion upon the subject of
warrants, presentment, indictment, and trial.
Now, let us see how this rule, as stated by him,
would work practically. JeflWson Davis has
three hundred thousand rebels drawn up in line
of battle before the capital of the Umtea Suites,
and you are mustering your forces under this con-
scription act to beat back this rebel host. While
this is going on, the gentleman from Ohio stands
with the Constitution in hand, and calls out to
the people all ove| the North to refuse to come
to the rescue of their imperiled capital and vio-
lated Constitution, because the act under which
they are summoned is unconstitutional; to resist
the drafting officer, as by the Constitution the
officer cannot summarily arrest them for such re-
sistance; and at all events not to obey the law,
nor take up arms against these armed rebels, for
as they aic citizens of the United States it is un-
constitutional to arrest them in their march of
ticason, or restrain them of their liberty without
a lawful warrant for the arrest of each, duly issued
upon affidavit; nor shall you hol(] them to answer
for their great crime, unless upon the indictment
or presentment of a grand jury; nor shall you de-
prive them of life or liberty for their treason ex-
cept upon the verdict of an impartial jury of the
State and district in which they commit their trea-
son. By such utterances would my colleague
keep back from the field all the loyal people of
this land, while traitors in arms were seizing their
capital, burning their towns, laying waste their
fields, and setting at defiance and overthrowing
their Government and laws. While thrs ruin is
being wrought, the people are to be greeted with
the cry of my colleague, " hold back! these rebels
are citizens, and though they may be guilty of
treason, you must not interfere with them,"nor
with those who aid them, except you act strictly
under the warrants and indictments known to the
law." That is the substance of his argument.
As a cover to the aid and comfort extended to
these rebels, it was very convenient for my col-
league to talk about the provision of the bill which
says the provost marshals shall report cases of
" treasonable practices" to the Provost Marshal
General of the United States. What harm is there
in reporting such cases? What are treasonable
practices? Thegentleman seems to think that no
such offenses can exist under the Constitution of the
United States. Ifso,noharm can be done by giving
authority to report them. I think, nevertheless,
" treasonable practices " do exist, and that they
increase every day upon our hands, and 1 think
they should not only be reported but punished.
Thegentleman says no. No one proposes to pun-
ish offenses without defining them. This bill does
define and prescribe the punishment for offenses
which I call treasonable practices. It is for the
American people to determine whether treason-
able practices shall be submitted to. If treason-
able practices are engaged m by citizens of the Re-
public to the danger of the safety of the Republic,
I want to know who will say that they shall not
be reported, and that there is no power in the land
to define and prohibit them by law, and to punish
them. We passed astatute last week,and we are
about to pass another, I trust, which will reach
some of these "treasonable practices," and which
the people will call by that name, whether the gen-
tleman does so or not.
1 have said all I desire to say in reply to the
gentleman's remarks touching the right of the trial
by jury. The gentleman, not content with his
endeavor to fetter the Government by requiring
the jury rather than the Army to try traitors, com-
plains that we are interfering with the freedom of
speech, and again he quotes the Constitution and
attempts to hold it up as a shield between these
men who commit or aid and abet this great treason
against the Republic, and the right and duty of
the people to crush them by force under the express
sanction of law. I understand that the freedom
of speech which is guniantiod by the Constitu-
tion is not that freedom of speech which consists
in saying that these rebels in arms "ought to he
induced to invade the noithern States," and rob
and burn the habitations of northern people. My
colleague is learned in the reading of the Consti-
tion, and I would be glad to have him point out
a single line ever written by an American citizen
or uttered by an American jurist whose opinion
is entitled to any consideration, which ever gave
any such interpretation as that to the guaiantees
of the Constitution of the United States. No, sir;
freedom of speech is the inborn right of every
man, whether citizen or stranger, but it is a right
which he may not exercise to the detriment of the
Commonwealth, and therefore for its abuse he is
to be held responsible, as he is to be held respons-
ible for the abuse of any other element of his
personal liberty. The right of locomotion is as
sacredly guarded under your Constitution as is
the light of freedom of speech; but if a citizen in
the exercise of his right of locomotion sees fit to
creep burglariously into the habitation of his
neighbor and thereby commit felony it is in vain
that he holds up the Constitution as a shield and
tells us that that secures lum the right of liberty
and property. He has the right to play the honest
man and loyal citizen, but he has not the liberty
to play the part of a common thief or a burglar.
Suit is with this guarantied fieedom of speech. I
say it is the right of the people to punish and im-
prison every man in this land who, either by oral,
written, or printed words, urges or advises any
portion of the American people to quench in blood
this last, great experiment of republican govern-
ment. If there is any man here now who has the
effrontery to deny that proposition, I should like
to hear him. I repeat it, I hold it the clear, con-
stitutional right of the American people, by law,
to punish by indictment and by imprisonment m
the penitentiary, orby a confiscation ofgoods and
property, every man who, by oral speech or writ-
