"290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
this House, by which in any event the inhabit-
ants of the seceded States are, by your legisla-
tion, deprived of their rights under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, this Government will
succeed ?
Mr. BINGHAM sought the floor.
Mr. SPAULDING. I yield the floor to my
friend from Ohio.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I addressed
my question to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I'am entitled to
the floor, and I will answer the gentleman's ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPAULDING. X will make a single re-
mark in response to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and then yield the floor. I say to the gen-
tleman that I believe the majority of this House
understand what their duty is, and that they will
faithfully perform it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have not
expressed any doubt of that. The question which
I asked the gentleman from New York, and to
which I desire an answer,was whether he believes,
upon the policy adopted by the majority of this
Jiouse, (of the conscientiousness of which 1 have
made no question,) the policy of subjugation, and
the deprivation of all rights under the Constitu-
tion, the war will succeed ?
Mr. SPAULDING. I will turn that question
ovtff to the gentleman from Ohio, to whom 1 have
already yielded the floor, thanking the House for
their courtesy m allowing me half an hour beyond
the usual time to finish my remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire, in the
first place, whether the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, or anybody else, assumes that the iwii who
are in arms against the Constitution have any
right to claim its protection while they continue
in armed hostility against if, repudiate it, and by
force seek to destroy it?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I answer
the gentleman from Ohio that) ur legislation not
only affects the men of the South in arms against
the Government, but it affects non-combatants.
I call the attention of the gentleman from Ohio to
these tlnec points: first, that by your act of con-
fiscation, if you are successful in this wai, you
have confiscated the property of eleven States
of this Union; and this without reference to the
question whether the persons affected are com-
batants or non-combatants. I call attention to
the fact that by your legislation you have de-
prived every citizen of any such State, who has
in any way aided or abetted m the promotion of
this rebellion, from holding any office of honor or
trust under the Government of the United States.
I call your attention also to the fact that by your
proclamation of the Presidentofthe United States,
which this House has aifiimed, you deprive, by
express termo, the loyal as well as the disloyal
inhabitants of those States of the rights of prop-
erty which were recognized under the law, leav-
ing as their only possible remedy the ultimate
resort to your liberality/
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman's statement involves a great many ques-
tions of fact. 1 deny that there is anything in the
bill, as passed by this House, confiscating the
property of any State, much less of eleven States.
Mr. THOMAS', of Massachusetts. I did not
say that it confiscated the property of a State as
such.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman had better
refer to the repoit of what he said.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I said of
persons combatant and non-combatant.
Mr. BINGHAM. "With all respect, I submit
that the gentleman from Massachusetts said that
the bill which passed this House confiscated the
property of eleven States. I bcs  leave to say that
no bill ever passed this House confiscating the
property of any State, much less the property of
eleven States. A State cannot be a rebel.' A rebel 1
may well enough, and lawfully enough, be ham-ed •
by the neck till lie be dead, but a State is a cor- !
poration,and 1 know of no way by which the j
hangman can put the rope around the neck of a i
corporation, which has neither body nor soul. |
[Laughter.] ' j
But, Sir, this is not the time nor the place to dis- ;
cu%s th« question of what we have confiscated. I j
understand th* fact to be that thr confiscation bill !
has become a law, subject to a ccrtain explana-
tory resolution, which declares and provides that
the realty of rebels in arms against this Govern-
ment may be taken from them while they shall
live, and if we smite them down in battle to-mor-
row there is the end of it. I want to know whether
the gentleman from Massachusetts is troubled
about that provision of the law ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will an-
swer the gentleman from Ohio with all frankness.
In my judgment, the confiscation bill which was
passed by Congress has only the form of law and
not the substance; but I still understand that it is
the intention of the Government to enforce byits
military power the execution of that law. Now,
as my friend from Ohio is upon the floor, and 1
know that he would not wish to make a contro-
versy upon worr/sinstead of principles, I beg leave
to call his attention to my statement as to the effect
of the confiscation bill passed by this House, and
to say it confiscates under its many and sweeping
provisions the bulk of the property of the inhab-
itants of those eleven States. I ask the gentleman
fiom Ohio whether he does not think thatisacor-
rect statement of its substance and effect.
Mr. BINGHAM, Not at all.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I beg leave
to state that, in my judgment, it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is, in my
judgment, widely mistaken.
Mr. WADSWORTII. A great manvhere of
ns are in the same category with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and wc would like to hear a
correction from the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. 11 is easily corrected. I say
that the bill byits terms limits the forfeiture to
rebels in arms, their aiders and abettois. Does
the gentleman pretend to say that everybody in
these eleven States is a rebel, or an aider and
abettor in the rebellion5
Air. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Ifyou ask
me the question, 1 will answer it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My im-
pression is, as a matter of past history, you can-
not find in these States any considerable number
of persons who have not so far aided, counte-
nanced, and abetted the rebellion as to be within
the provisions of this bill. Does the gentleman
doubt that such is the substantial fact*
Mr. BINGHAM, I do: and when thegentle-
man comes to reflect, he will doubt H too. 1 do
not believe, sir, that the children have any more
aided in this rebellion than the old gray-beaded
father of the Republic \\ bo stands in my pn sence,
and who has given the son of his house to the per-
ilous edire of battle, that the Republic may live.
One of the grandest utterances of this day and
hour dropped out of the great heart of that ban-
ished exile iii the cause of constitutional liberty
in his own counts y when, in that wonderful book
of his the other day, be said, " that the children,
at least on this earth, are innocent, because God
wills it so.'' 1 stand here to-day to deny, defying
the ingenuity of the devil himself to overcome my
denial, that there is a line or word or letter m that
bill which touches the innoccnt and the unoffend-
ing against your laws. There is nothing in that
bill winch confiscates property, except the prop-
erty of rebels in arms against the Gov eminent,
and those who willfully and purposely, and, 1
may add, in the language of the old law, of their
malice aforethought, conspued against the life of
your countt y and mine, of your Constitution and
mine, and th« rights of your children rnd of mine.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massac huseits Let me put
a question to the gentleman from Ohio. When
you confiscate the propeity of the lather and
mothei. do you not really take the future prop-
erty of the children ?
Mr. CINGHAM. No, sir. It is, in my judg-
ment, an extraordinary conclusion, for a gentle-
man so learned in the law as the gentleman from
Masssachusetts, to corive <it, that thr* piopeity in
A, who happens to he the parent of B, i* at the
same time the property of his child. Does he not
know the old maxim, that no one is hen- to the
living ? If it ia his property, it is not his child's. ,
I am not here to carp about that. 1 answered that
long ago upon this floor. It is not original with i
the gentleman from Massachusetts. That objec- '
tion to the law was made and answered at the last '
session of Congress. You are not to attribute the I
injury which a traitor inflicts by hi=i great crime I
upon his own children to the law that punishes
him.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
inquire of th'e gentleman fiom Ohio whether the
practical operation of the confiscation law will
not cover the large proportion, if not the whole,
property in the seceded States?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think it most likely that
the large majority of the property holders m the
South are rebels in arm against this Government;
and I believe that it is the first duty of the Gov-
ernment to deprive them not only of their prop-
erty, but of their lives. What business have they
upon this footstool, lifting up their hands against
thp Government which has sheltered them and
theirs from the cradle?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is
not my point. I am not now touching the ques-
tion of abstract rightf I ask the question of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spaulding,]
whether h^ believes this policy will be successful?
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust that he does believe it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from New York whether he believes
that the policy will be successful?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield for that pur-
pose. I assure the gentleman that I believe that
the Government has the power and courage to
enforce its law, and to put down the rebels, their
aiders and abettors, both North and South. [Cries
of " Good!"*and applause.] There is another
suggestion I desire to make, and that is all I desire
tosayontheproperty question. Let us notbe mis-
understood. The confiscation bill which passed
this House touches nothing but the property of
those m rebellion. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts fuither objects that, by this law, every
citizen engaged m this rebellion is disfranchised.
Why should lie not be, sir? He ought to be ex-
ceedingly thankful to the American people if they
allow him to escape with no greater penalty than
that. Those who have wantonly rebelled against
the Government ought to be thankful that they
are not driven out to wander as vagabonds upon
the face of the earth without a country. The
other proposition is most remarkable, coming
from a gentleman of so much learning and ability.
He says that this House is responsible for the
proclamation of the Presidentof the United States,
because the House has this day confirmed it. I
do not so undeistand your record.
1 am aware that there was a bill introduced here
to-day, reciting the proclamation, and declaring
the same ratified, approved, and confirmed. It
was a bill introduced in pursuance to a previous
notice, and a motion was made to lay that billon
the table. The question, then, was not whether
the bill affirming and approving that proclama-
tion should become a law. 1 trust, in some shape
or other, it will ultimately become a law; but that
was not the question to-day. The question was,
whether the bill should be lefeired to the appro-
priate standing committee of this House—of
which the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts himself is a valuable and an able member—
refernng to their judgment the question whether
it was right, under the Constitution and laws of the
country, to affirm, or whether it was right, under
the Constitution of the country, to disaffirm that
proclamation? The simple question raised here
was whether the bill should be laid on the table,
whether it should be stifled without a hearing,
or whether the gentleman himself, together with
others on the Judiciary Committee, should be per-
mitted to determine, deliberately and caiefuliy
determine, whether that bill should be reported
back with a recommendation that it do pass, or
with a recommendation that it do not pass*
It seems to me that this House has not yet gone
quite so far as to refuse such a reference; and I
trust it will ultimately pass some such measure.
I do not make this statement for the purpose of
apologizing either for the direction given to the
bill or for any action of the House upon it, but
for the purpose of vindicating the truth of history
and oonectmg the statement which has been made
here.
The point, then, raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts is about this in substance; that we
have offended the offenders of the Republic, by
passing laws confiscating their property. In mere
wantonness? Not at all, but for the purpose of
making their property contribute, so far as it may
go, to pay the enormous expenses, to which the
