1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
ing, publicly or privately, encourages armed re-
bellion against the Constitution and laws of the
Republic. I want to know who there is to dispute
this.
Talk about freedom of speech! Who proposes
to intcrfeie with it? What is there in this bill
which restricts the rightful exercise of it? Do
you say it is an abridgment of the freedom of
speech or of the press to provide by law, as this
-bill does provide, that no man, a citizen of the Re-
public, shall procure or entice, or attempt to pro-
cure or entice,a soldier in the service of the Uni-
ted States to desert his flag and betray his country?
If that is not what is mo-ant by tins utterance of
the gentleman about our abridging the freedom of
speech and the press, it had no business in this
argument. Equally unwarrantable in this debate
was the reference of my colleague to the privilege
of the writ o{'habeas corpus, and his clamor about
its suspension. The provision of the Constitu-
tion is as follows:
" The privilege of the writ ot habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unions when in ca-es of rebellion or invasion
the public safety may require it."
Now, it has been well said by a learned jurist
ofthis country that this provision of the Constitu-
tion is elliptical. When the ellipsis is supplied, it
reads thus:
" The puvjlege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unless when m cases of rebellion or invasion the
public safety requires it; ami then it may be feu-pemlrd."
That is the true interpretation of the Constitu-
tion, and it can bear no other. W'hen "the public
safety may require it" the privilege of the writ
may be suspended. That, sir, is but a reitera-
tion of the old law, as old as the forms of civil gov-
ernment among men, that in times of rebellion or
invasion the public safety is the highest law, and
no person has the right to plead his exemption
from airest and imprisonment when the public
safety requires it, and the foundations of the State
rock beneath the earthquake tread of invasion or
rebellion. The man who insists, in an hour like
this, that, although the public safety requires it,
no person shall be restrained of his liberty, and
denied the writ for his liberation, is a poltroon, a
coward, and a traitor. A man talking about his
right of freedom from personal restraint when the
State is invaded and the public safety requires that
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus should
be suspended, is about as silly as the man who
prates about the inviolability of his house as his
castle, when the only safety for the city is to blow
it up. What is the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus ? It has well been said that the privilege of
this great writ is but the remedy for the assertion
of the right of personal liberty unlawfully re-
strained or denied.
This privilege, although guarantied by the Con-
stitution , is a privilege provided for and regulated
by statute. The provision of the Constitution
does not execute itself. It was necessary, there-
fore,-that there should bealaw. Congiess passed
that law; it is upon your statute-book. I have
no objection to its enforcement when the public
safety admits of its enforcement, nor can any just
man object to its suspension when the public
safety, in cases of rebellion or invasion, requires
its suspension. Permit me to say further that I
have objection to the execution of that writ—and
so had the framers of the Constitution and the
people who ordained it—in favor of any man in
the Republic, even though he be the most distin-
guished in the land, when the public safety re-
quires that it he suspended by reason of actual
rebellion or invasion. That is the wise provision
of the Constitution; and yet gentlemen on the
other side talk about the Constitution and about
their love for that great instrument, and of the
unconstitutional denial of habeas corpus. Why,
sir, tins provision never would have been there
ifitwas not intended that theprivilegeof the writ
should be suspended. It was put there for the
common defense*, and it was intended that the
power to suspend should be exercised for the pub-
lic safety and the common defense.
But the gentleman says that it can only be sus-
pended within the limits of the rebellion. That
is a remarkable suggestion. I suppose, according
to that doctiine, that when this rebellion was con-
fined to the corporate limits of Chaileston and
Sullivan's Island, it would have been highly im-
proper to have suspended the privilege at Colum-
bia or Georgetown in South Carolina, where they
were beating up recruits to swell their cowardly
cohorts to ten thousand strong, designed to do mur-
der on the seventy brave men within the walls of
Fort Sumter. Who ever hoard before of such an
intcip/etation as that being put upon your Consti-
tution ? I say here,and I challenge contradiction,
that the fair construction of that provision is this,
that the people, through their representatives, are
the sole judges of the extent to which the privi-
lege of the writ may be suspended in time of re-
bellion or invasion; and if, in their opinion, the
public safety in time of such rebellion or invasion
requires a suspension of the privilege of the writ
in all cases throughout the limits of the Republic,
it is their right to declare it and their duty to ex-
ecute it.
Well, sir, the gentleman says that the suspen-
sion of the privilege of the-writ does not confer
the power of arrest. I am not prepared to say
that it does; but the power to suspend the privi-
lege of the writ for the public safety, necessarily
implies the power of arrest and detention. I have
before this day, and before I was enlightened by
the gentleman's speech, sought to place upon your
statute-book a formal law authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States not only to proclaim the
suspension of the privilege of this writ during the
time of this rebellion, throughout the United States
or in any part thereof, but also to proclaim and
enforce, in furtherexecution of the very meaning
and spirit of that great grant of power in the Con-
stitution, martial law—certainly not with a view
to oppress any man who is faithful to his duty;
certainly not to oppress any man who is willing
to give up the first-born of his house and all of his
substance to the defense of the Republic; but that
he might by summary order arrest and hold for
the time being, until the day comes when they
could be duly tried under the law within the State
and district in which they committed the crime,
whoever should engage in any way in conspiring
in this hour ofdanger against the secui ity and the
laws of the country. But the gentleman says
you must not do that; that you mustgive all such
conspirators and traitors a speedy trial. Does he
not know that by the provision of the Constitu-
tion, if a citizen commit treason or other crime
against the United States, in South Caiolina or
North Carolina, he must be tried within the State
and district in which he commits the offense?
Meantime you have no courts there to try such
olfenders, and, according to thegentleman'sargu-
mcnt, you must not restrain them of their libei ty
by summary arrest, but allow them to go at large
and practice their treason and conspiracy, and
give aid and comfort to the enemy, until such time
asyourcivil process and conrtsare again restored,
and the supremacy of your laws acknowledged or
enforced within the limits of such jurisdiction!
Does any man fail to see that such objections to
this needful legislation are, after all, disguise it as
you may under professions of love for the Con-
stitution and the rights of the people guarantied
under the Constitution, but another attempt to aid
this rebellion, and secure to it an easy triumph
over the Constitution and laws?
Ah, but, says the gentleman, your bastiles are
open to receive these victims of executive despot-
ism. I should have been glad if the gentleman
had particuhu izcd who these persons are that
have such a claim upon his sympathy. I re-
member well that eaily in this great struggle for
the nation's life, on the 19th day of April, 1861,
the anniversary of that other great day m our an-
nuls when the first blood was shed upon the field j
of Lexington to assert American independence, i
the unatmed soldiery of Massachusetts, coming j
from Plymouth Rock, coming from the grave of [
Warren, coming fiom beneath the shadow of that
historical shaft'whtch crowns the hill where he
sleeps, m passing thiough the stieets of Baitimoie
were set upon by an armed mob of traitors, some
of them posted in the lanes and alleys, others of
them at the upper windows and on the roofa of
their houses, whence they cast heavy missiles
unon the uncoVfered heads of the soldiers of the
Union and of Massachusetts, thus murdering them
m the streets of that city.
The only offense of these noble men'of Mas-
sachusetts thus set upon and slain was, that they
were coming at the call of the President, in obe-
dience to the law of 1795, to defend the capital
and uphold the laws. I remember that after this
assassination an arrest was made in Baltimore
The gentleman was careful not to name who wa 
arrested. It is a name that is in bad association;
It is the name by which was designated' the first
of murderers, on whose brow was set thedamnittjg
blotch of fratricide. This man was arrested and sen*
to the " bastile;" and my colleague arises in'his
place and cries out, "a violation of the Constitu-
tion.'5 According to his logic, Kane should have
been left at large to incite men to cast iron bap
from the tops of their houses in Baltimore upon
the heady of our citizen soldiery.
There was another arrest made, to which I sup-
pose the gentleman refers, although he was not
pleased to name the party, in our own Stated I
remember—and I do not choose any more than my
colleague to designate persons here upon this floor
—that there was an arrest made by the Executive
order in Ohio. I believe, sir, that the loyal peo-
ple of the State of Ohio never took offense at it,
and never regretted it. If there was ho cause for
it, of course all good citizens would regret that
it was made, and none would regret it mow than
the President. I fear there was good and suffix
cient cause for this arrest. Doubtless gentlemen
will differ with me, who think a man has a con-
stitutional right to do what he may, not only to
encourage rebellion against the Republic, but to
keep back reinforcements, and thus subject to
slaughter and rout our gallant soldiers by the en-
emy in superior force. I remember well, Mr.
Speaker—who does not remember?—that about
the. time that arrest was made in Ohio, for scvea
long days a battle raged before Richmond. Dur-
ing that protracted struggle, while that field of
conflict was covered with the thick darkness of
battle and the shadow of death, and in all the
loyal homes of our people hands were raised in
silent prayer for the Republic and its defenders,
a cry came up from the banks of« the York and
the James rivers, help! help! help! biothersof
the free North and West, or we perish, and our
banner of glory and of beauty goes down before
the armed legions of treason. In response to that
call the people rushed to the conflict from the hills
of New England to the golden sands of Califor-
nia, filling the continent with their shout—
" We aie coming, we arc coming,
Mix hundred thousand more."
It was in the presence of this sublime uprising
of the freemen of this land, for the defense of
their homes and country, and the rescue from an
unequal struggle of your gallant Army, that a
partisan in Ohio, it is said, dared to outrage and
disgrace humanity by saying to his neighbors*
" stop, brother Democrats, stay at home and
vote; and let the Army of the Union perish."
It is said that man was arrested, by order of the
President.
Several Members. Who was he?
Mr; BINGHAM. I prefer to let history, the
avenger, name him.
Mr. COX. Will my colleague yield to me for
a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield.
Mr. COX. I know my colleague will oblige me.
Mr. BINGHAM. This does not affect my
colleague.
Mr. COX. It affects one of my constituents.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have said, Mr. Speaker,
that such an utterance is said to have been made
and published, and that the author of it was ar-
rested.
Mr. COX. Why was he not tried?
Mr. BINGHAM. I now submit to the coun-
try that if there were any such utterance made,
the author of it should not only be arrested and
imprisoned, but that the man who, in such an hour
of peril, would attempt to keep back citizens from
the defense of their homes and the relief of their
brothers in arms, should not only be imprisoned,
but should be hung by the neck, without judgo
or jury, till he be dtad. [Applause.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The order of th©
House must be observed; and the Chair will state
that any manifestations of applause or disapproval
or any breach of order will be followed by order-
ing the galleries to be cleared.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope the Chair will an-
nounce that on the next manifestation of disorder
the galleries will be cleared.
Mr. YOORHEES obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. I aak the gentleman from Indiana
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. YOORHEES. With pleasure.
