292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consideration
of the resolution being objected to, it must lie over
under the rules.
CAPTURE OF BRITISH VESSELS..
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Fiesident of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interests, copies of all communications
parsed between the State Department and the lepresent-
ative of her Britannic Majei-ty's Government, in relation
to the capture of British vessels sailing fiom one British
port to another, having on board article? contraband of war,
intended for the use the so-called confederate States.
EXPORTATION OV CONTRABAND ARTICLES.
1 Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public inteiest, to communicate to the Sen-
ate any correspondence in hi-< possession,or m the Depart-
ment of State, between the Government and the Mexican
minister at Washington, relating to the exportation fiom
the ports of tfie United States ot articles contiaband of war
for the use of the French army mvadmg Mexico, and aKo
to the reported order to prevent the Mexican Government
from availing itself of the privilege of expoi ting similar ai-
ticles from the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest a modification of
the latter part of the resolution. It now reads,
" and also to the reported order," winch assumes
that an order has been issued. I suggest that it
should read,<c and also as to any order winch may-
have been issued."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
PRINTING OF A MEMORIAL.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. King] a day or two since pre-
sented a memorial ft otn the Chamber of Commerce
of New York, on the subject of connecting the
waters of the Mississippi river and the lakes with
the Atlantic ocean, and it was referred, I believe,
to the Committee on Military Affairs. As that
memorial contains matter of very great import-
ance for the use of the Senate, 1 move that it be
printed. The motion, of course, will go to the
Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 462) to authorize the con-
solidation of regiments and companies; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Allan's and the Militia.
DEATH OF HON. JAMES A. PEARCE.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, the portals
of the tomb hnve scarcely closed over a late hon-
ored associate and colleague, when again the grim
messenger of death has entered this Chamber and
taken from its deliberations a bright and leading
light, one whose long and exemplary service hail
secured the respect and consideration of tins body;
a faithful guardian of the high trusts reposed in
him; always a defender of the light; an enlight-
ened counselor, and a wise and comprehensive
statesman.
Sir, the melancholy duty has devolved on me
to announce the death of my late distinguished
friend and colleague, the Hon. James Alfred
Pearce, long a Senator in Congress fiom the
State of Maryland, lie died at ins residence in
Chestertown, Kentcounty, on the 20th of Decem-
ber, 1862, in the fifty-eighth yearoflns ago, after
a long and painful illness, which kept him from
his seat the greater part of the last session. For the
last six months of his life, he had but little alle-
viation from intense suffering,and but little hope
of relief save in the repose"of the silent tomb.
Neither skill nor the tenderness of affection could
stay the cold hand of death. In the hour of his
country's greatest need, while the ruthless shock
of civil war was forcing the very strongholds of
its liberty; m the foil vigor of a ripened intellect;
in the midst of Ins powers for usefulness, his sun
has gone down forever, and ali that was mortal
of that wise and trusted Senator has descended
to the grave.
In offermg this feeble tribute of my respect and
appreciation for his character and endowments,
I shall-not intrude upon the solemn occasion any
elaborate exposition of his political opinions, or
lengthened eulogy upon the many excellencies of
his character, butfollow a sacred custom in briefly
tracing the principal points and facts of his^fe,
through a career of honorable distinction and use-
fulness.
Mr. Pearce was the son of Gideon Pearce,
Esq., of Kent county, Maryland, but was born
at the residenceofhis grandfather, Dr. E.C. Dick,
in Alexandria, Virginia, on the 14th of Decem-
ber, 1805. His paternal ancestors were of Scot-
tish origin, and came to the province of Maryland
about the year 1670, and held many positions of
distinction and influence from that early period
in the history of our State. He manifested many
of the traits of his Scottish progenitors, and in
none more than the steady perseverance which
marked his whole life in the attainment of high
objects. This was no less shown in his earliest
days than in the later periods of his life, when
discharging the responsible duties of his public
station. So thorough had been his preparation
for college, under the tuition of an eminent mas-
ter at Alexandria, and so great was his aptness
and application, that he entered Princeton College
at a period when most boys are just beginning the
higher studies of an academic course. He was
admitted to his first degree at the early age of sev-
enteen, having graduated with the highest honors
of his class, which comprised many names since
distinguished in the vaiious departments of science
and learning throughout the country. Subse-
quently he studied law, and was admitted to the
bar m 1824.
After this he resided a short period in Louisiana,
but returning to Maryland, he was elected to a
scatin the HouscofDelegatesofthatStatein 183].
Though too young and modest to assume a lead-
ing part, it was the commencement of a political
career such as few attain to, and such as any
might well be proud of. In 1835 he was elected
to represent his distnctin Congress,and reelected ,
for a second term, ending in 1839. For the suc-
ceeding Congress ho was defeated by Hon. Philip
Francis Thomas, afterward Governor of the
State—but was again returned in 1841 and served
until 1843. During this period he acquired much
reputation by his general course in the popular
branch of Congress, but especially by his report
on the question of refunding the fine imposed upon
General Jackson. This brought him so promi-
nently before the people of his State, that he was
elected that year (1843) to a seat in the Senate of
the United States, to succeed Hon. John Leeds
Kerr. From that date he was successively re-
elected in 1841), 1854, and lb61; his teim conse-
quently would not have expired until 18G7—thus
having given to his countiy, m the national coun-
! cila, twenty-five years of service to its best in-
terests, never charged with the leproach of nar-
row partisanship or sectional motives, but at all
times acting under the influence of a broad and
comprehensive American statesmanship.
Mr. President, it may be a fact worthy of re-
cording in this hasty sketch of my late colleague,
that he never was defeated m any contest for pub-
lic station or preferment, by the people or Legis-
lature of his State, from the first struggle for the
honors of his collcge class, down to his last reelec-
tion to this body, with the exception of one term
in the House of Representatives, which I have
already named.
This is the summary of the public service of
Mr. Pearce; and however prominent it may stand
out, he yet wos maiked in other spheres of life.
Notwithstanding the duties of his public position,
]j which he faithfully discharged, he wasneverneg-
'■ lectful of the practice of his profession, in which
i| he held hi«h rank,and was eminently successful.
,j lie was piofcssor of law in Washington College
\ \ at Chestertown; lie was further honored with the
! degree of Doctor of Laws, conferred upon him by
jj t!ie College of St James, m Maryland, and also
I, by his ancient A hna Mater, the college of Prince-
!j ton. His qualifications for high judicial station
ji were so well esteemed that he was offered, at one
:j time, a seat on the bench of the United States
j district court for the State of Maryland. He was
11 afterwards, during the same presidential term of
Mr. Fillmore, nominated and confirmed by the
Senate as Secretary of the Interior, which distin-
guished mark of appreciation he also declined, pre-
ferring to remain in the Senate, where his sphere
of usefulness was more extended, and more in
consonance with his tastes and studies. As a
friend of science and the promotionof knowledge,
he was appointed a Regent of the Smithsonian In- t
stitution shortly after its establishment,which post
he held to the day of his death. For seventeen
years of his service in the Senate, he was at the
head of the Joint Committee on the Library of
Congress, and, by his scholarly tastes and dis-
criminating judgment, has contributed much to
its present enlarged condition of usefulness.
Mr. Pearce was a man of varied tastes and
acquitments, combining in a greater degree, per-
haps, than almost any public man of his times,
the learning of the statesman andjurist with that
of the accomplished scholar. Pie was fond of
paintings and music; was gifted with a fine voice,
with which at times he charmed the social circle,
as he always did by the finished style of his con-
versation. He was much given to the pursuits of
agriculture, and took a deep interest in all that
pertained to its scientific^ advancement; he culti-
vated with great success fruits and flowers. In-
deed, so general was hisinformation, so cultivated
was his intellect, and so thoroughly national and
broad were his political views, that his reputation
was not long confined to the limits of his State,
but attracted~such consideration among the galaxy
of distinguished men who grew up with the Whig
party, that upon more than one occasion his name
was publicly canvassed in connection with the
Presidency of the United States. In politics, Mr.
Pearce had always been a leading and prominent
member of the Whig party, and advocated its
doctrines, till it ceased to exist in 1852. From
that period to his death, he cooperated with the
Democratic party, consistently maintaining to the
last those high principles by which he thought the
Constitution could only be enforced,and through
it a free representative Government of equal States
preserved.
11 was during the excited scenes of 1850, when
the territorial question had aroused a fearful sec-
tional spirit, when Clay and Webster stood hand
in hand to resist the storm and avert the perils
I that threatened our common country, that Mr.
Pearce made, perhaps, the most signal eftoi t of his
senatorial career, in carrying an amendment to the
memorable compromise measures winch changed
the original bill, after a most excited debate, and
against the most vehement opposition of Mr.
Clay, who reported them. Generally averse to
speaking, he suffered himself at times to rest under
the imputation of an unwillingness to meet re-
sponsibility ; when at others he would throw him-
self into the arena and encounter the boldest and
ablest leaders of the times. He was no orator in
Uie popular sense; his spheie was among men of
intellect; Ins force was in convincing the minds of
the cultivated and intelligent, rather than by fervid
declamation to sway or excite the multitude. He
never sought to subvert the judgment of the peo-
ple by inflaming their passions.
Mr. President, it is no slight evidence of high
merit when a comparatively young man could
carry a measure against the dictation and power
of such a party leader as Henry Clay, or acquire
a national reputation at a period when giant intel-
lects were struggling for party ascendency; when
Clay and Webster, Calhoun and Benton, and
other great lights, swayed the measures and policy
of the country; yet, sir, he achieved that triumph;
and while he was always regarded with just pride
by his State, there were many occasions in the
stormy times of the old Whig conflicts when pub-
lic sentiment acknowledged the enlightened con-
servatism of iiis statesmanship. He compre-
hended fully the complex character of our Gov-
ernment, and in thesupportof measures he looked
only to high principles. His aim was to develop
the gieat interests of his country; to elevate it to
the highest summit of a just and durable glory.
Whatever errors of opinion iyiay have been as-
cribed to him by persons of different political sen-
timents, the rno?t earnest of his opponents have
never found occasion to breathe a suspicion against
his integrity. He had the most scrupulous regard
for truth; and Ins social and frank nature, his fine
manners, and great conversational powers made
him an attractive and instructive companion,
while no man was more sincere and true in his
friendships.
As a Senator, he illustrated and adorned the
high position so often conferred upon him bylnb
