294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
and exacting the respect due to himself, he never i
forgot what was due to others. Of a somewhat '
impatient temper, he kept the most vigilant watch
over it; and, if betrayed into unguarded warmth,
was ever ready to regret and atone for any possi-
ble offense, ouch an example is well worthy of
imitation. It bespeaks a kindness of heart arid
delicacy of feeling which always mark the true
gentleman, and of which vulgar and cowardly na-
tures are incapable.
Senator Pearce was a statesman,and not a mere
politician. You neverfound himmakingspeeches,
long or short, for personal effect. Though apaity
man, he was not a party tool. Though a stout ad-
versary, he was a generous one. He never in-
quired the cost of a curtain for the east room, or
"counted the spoons on the President's table. He
never offered resolutions on which to predicate
harangues for local effect. Content to stand upon
his own sense of what was due ftoni him to the
station he occupied, he left his character and his
usefulness to speak for him, both to the Senate
and his- constituents. A proud man, he scorned
the petty arts of the demagogue, and reposed with
confidence upon the enlightened judgment of the
State which had intrusted its dignity and its in-
terests to his keeping.
Into the private and domestic life of Senator
Pearce, J will not attempt to enter It may not,
however, be amiss to say that few men were ins
ec^ials*in the charm of social intercourse. Pos-
sessing a correct taste and great amenity of man-
ner, being, withal, a close observer of events and
a patient thinker, his conversation was both in-
teresting and instructive,and always fastidiously
pure. Few have more thoroughly mastered then*
own language, or could habitually expiess them-
selves with equal correctness and elegance. An
awkward phrase was to hnn an annoyance, and
vulgarity almost a ciime.
Mr. President, m all history we find but few
among public men who can bo cited as exemplars
of all the virtues. The moral sublime is rarely
illustrated cither in public or private hie, except
by individual actions. We must jud^e men, in
whatever station, by the age in which they live,
the circumstances winch surround them, the in-
fluences to which they are exposed, and all that
goes to the formation and development of indi-
vidual character. Tried by this standard, how
few there are who rise far above the level of their
time and surroundings!
After receiving <i large share of public attention
for many years, our friend and associate has
finishe'.fehis earthly career at a point of time the
most striking and eventful m his country's his-
tory; at a penod when the question of man's
capacity for self-government is to be finally de-
termined; when it is to be definitely ascertained
whether law and order or anarchy and misrule are
to dominate in thishemisphere; whether thecause
uf progress and civilization is to be benefited or
injured, strengthened or weakened, by our ex-
ample; whether freedom to man is henceforward
to be the rule or the exception in government;
whether, in fine, this western woild is to pnsent
the imposing spectacle of a great, united, pros-
perous, powerful, and free people, exhibiting the
virtues and bestowing the benefits of peace and a
regaid for human rights upon all mankind; or
whether we are to become a hissing and a by-
word—a feeble gathering of disunited, scattered,
fragmentary, shadowy republics, powerless for
good, feared and honoied by none, despised by
all, and most of all by ourselves, the degraded
and degenerate descendants of dead hcro< s.
As the dying statesman's eye turned for the
last time to meet the sun, did his mental vision
penetrate beyond the curtain which divides the
present from the future? Was he permitted, as
earth was fading from his view, to behold the fu-
ture destiny of his country? What may be the
revelations of such a moment none living can dis-
close. And this is well. Could that mysterious
vail be lifted but for a moment, even the stoutest
heart might be appalled by what lies beyond.
The terrible ordeal through which we may yet be
compelled to pass before the end of this nvghty
struggle is attained, might require more of cour-
age and endurance than fall to the lot of any peo-
ple. But faith and hope endure forever. To these
angels of a merciful and righteous Grod we may
look, in the darkest hour, foi support to a right-
sous cause. Temporary defeat may await our
armies,weakness may pervade our councils, rivers
of tears may flow from sad and sorrowing eyes,
clouds and darkness may be round about us, but
hope for our beloved land and faith m its destiny
will yet strengthen the patriot's heart and nerve
his arm as he looks forward to the future.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 13, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DELAY IN PAYMENT OF SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 8th instant calling for further
information as to delay in the payment of soldiers,
&c.; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that lie had ap-
pointed Reuben E. Fenton, of New York, Wil-
liam Kellogg, of Illinois, William H. Wads-
wortii, of Kentucky, Aarom A. Sirgent, of
California, and James E. English, of Connecti-
cut, the select committee ordered by the House
on the construction of a military and post road be-
tween Washington and New York city.
CORRESPONDENCE WIT1E SPWTSn MINISTER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter from the Treasury Department
tiansmittmg correspondence with the Spanish
minister; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
I want to resume the consideration of the bill
providing ways and means for the support of the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope that will not be
done. We have a special order to-day—the bill
for the enlargement of the Illinois and Michigan
ctmal,
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the special order will
go over to-day.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion a moment,
while I request the House to set apart a day for
the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to set apart Tuesday and Wednes-
day, the x>?ih and^diii instants, for the consider-
ation of temtonal business.
Ml. WiCKLlFFE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew my motion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to in-
quire of the Chair what the iust business in order
will be if the motion to go into committee docs
not prevail.
The SPEAKER. If the motion does not pre-
vail, the busmess in order will be the considera-
tion of House hill No. 288, to construct a ship
canal for the passage of aimed and naval vessels
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and
for other ian poses.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I hope the
motion will notpievail.
Mr. WASHRURNE. That bill has been post-
poned fiom time to time, and I trust the House
will consider it to-day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call for tellers
on the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nay*.
Th^ yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. William Alien, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily,
Raker. Baxter, Biddlo, Bingham, Samuel S. Bian, El,ike,
William G. Brown, IJuftiuton, Campbell, Chamberlain,
Clark, Cluneuts, Cobb, Fiedem-ic A Cftnkhng, Roseoo
Conkiinjj, Corning, Cr^field, Cutler, Delano, Dunn. Ed-
gorton, English, Fenton, Thomas A. D. Fessendcn, G6od«
win, Grider, Hall, Harding, Harrison, Hooper, Ilorton,
Hutchms, Kellry, Law, Luz,e<u, Lehman,McKuight, Mc-
pherson, Mohzip*, Mitchell, Mooihead, Ait>on P. Morrill,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Noiton, Nugen. Patton,
Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Alexander II. Rice. John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward U. Rollins, Sedgwick, Segar, Sholluhaiger,
Sherman, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stiatton, Francis Thomas, Tiam, Tumble, Trowbndge,
Van Ilotn, Van Valkenbuigh, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Walker, Wall, Albeit S. White, Wickhfte, Wilson,
Woodruff, Woicester, and Yeaman—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, Beaman, Bnrnhara,
Cas>cy. Colfax, Dawes, Dwell, Dunlap, Ed wauls, Eliot, Ely,
Samuel C Fesserulen, Franehot,Gianger, Julian, William
Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mc-
Kcan, Noell, OSin, Price, ltobinson, Sargent, Shanks,
Sloan,Smith, Benjamin F. Thomas, Washburne, Webster,
Wlieelci, and Windom—36.
So the motion was agreed to.
WAYS AND MEANS.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Campbell
in the chair.) and resumed the, consideration of
the spccial order, being bill of the House No. 659,
to provide ways and means for the support of the
Government.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the amendment, m the nature of a substi-
tute for the bill, offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] on which the gen-
tleman ftom Vermont [Mr. Morrili,] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
although this Congress has been heretofore and
often called upon to furnish means for the sup^
port of the Government, yet so exhaustive is the
process of war that we hardly have time to de-
liberate before a new and fresh demand is made
upon us for still larger sums; and the bill now
before us is of so great magnitude that the figures
are only transcended by the object it is framed to
accomplish. I do not know that any legislative
body was ever called upon to vote upon a bill
greater nominally or greater intrinsically, as it
concerns the welfare of our people and the destiny
of our country.
The figures are $900,000,000: and if the war
should be prolonged until July 1, 1864, it is be-
lieved not to be too much. But greatas are these
figures, the price is not too great, nor is it the most
precious we pay,for " liberty anrfUition, now and
| forever, one and inseparable."
II I am constrained to give my vote for this
ij measure now, although such as in the outsell
11 did not support, and never should have coun-
\'t tenanced as an original proposition, because I
] know of no other, when the Treasury demands
instant relief, which is equal to the emergency
and safer to adopt. For the sake of so much
harmonious action as could be secured thereby
in the committee, of which I was a member, I was
willing to hold my opposition to legal tender
notes in abeyance, so far as to allow money for
the Army and Navy to be raised in this way, if
it could be raised by no other.
I abate not a jot of my repugnance to a legis-
lative attempt—n^t yet successful—to make even
gilt-edged paper a universal sol vent or the measure
of value, instead of gold and silver, and it is not
my will that consents, but the poverty of the
Tieasury that compels me to follow the only path
left open, when I consent that the paper-money
policy, already established, may, if the exigen-
cies of the country demand it, be further and
longer pursued. The patient has got accustomed
to opiates, and the dose cannot now be withheld
without peril. But while giantmg this', I shall
trust the Secretary of the Treasury will confine it
to the narrowest possible limits. If we cannot ob-
tain a foundation of rock, let us, at least, dig for
hard-pan.
With this object steadily in view, I know the
Committee of Ways and Means have sought to
furnish a plan which would offer inducements to
capitalists for solid and permanent investments,
and also for such as would be likely to absorb the
large amount of funds always—and more now than
ever—seeking temporary employment. The bill
attempts to do this in the simplest yet efficient
form, and it is for the House to judge whether
successfully or not. In addition to the not less
than three millions per week now being received
from customs and internal duties, the task to be
surmounted for the present and the coming fiscal
year, is the prompt realization of "$900,000,000
more. Therefore twenty year bonds, throe year
