THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. *
Thirty-Si; >enth Congress, 3d Sc&siok.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 3863.
New Series.T...No.'78.*
struck him down because ho was in the way of
your ladical abolition schemes. It was another
step in the betrayal of the people. Go with me
to the townships in Indiana, Mr. Speaker; go to
the hamlets, go to the school-houses, and meet
there the loyal farmers who pay their taxes from
their wcli-worn pocket-books—not your flash
speculators m stocks on Wall street; not your
political or banking gamblers and swindling con-
tractors, who contiol this Government, and who
surround this Capitol like jackals and unclean
beasts,like kites and cartion crows, watching and
snuffing for plunder amid the misfortunes that
have befallen the country, not that class of men,
but men w ho ntv devoted to the old Constitution,
who worship reveicptly after the old forms of re-
ligion, who love tlirircountry and maintain their
own honor—go and ask these men, upon whom
you have to reiy tor this Government, what they
think of the removal of George B. McClelian from
the command of their sous. They will tell you
that their sons love him as no chieftain was ever
loved by his troops since the days of the great
Napoleon. They will tell you that, in spite of
all jealousies and assailants, he is the only man
who has ever gained a battle at the head of the
army of the Potomac; and as plain people they will
tell you that in their minds his removal was causcd
by the machinations, the mischievous machi-
nations, of the radical element, which prevails
heie,and which is now running the Government
to destruction in this Cvtpuol. This, sir, is the
firm belief of the country, and you wiil have to
meet it. The removal of General McClelian was
simply another chapter in the history of popular
betrayal and deception. General Porter lcli un-
der the same influences, and perished because he,
was MdCIellan's fVtend. Men and measures must
all alike be a ho! it ionized, or they arc crushed. No
mail is loyal if he fails to worship at tin- radical
shrine. I have no doubt you eonsidei mo dis-
loyal for this speech. What do you suppose I
caie for your opinion whether I am disloyal or
not? I return th.- compliment most heartily and
sincerely. I think you are disloyal, and there
we are even. When you soy I am disloyal to my
country, 1 repel it. In return, I charge that you
ore disl >yui to the Constitution, and I prove it.
And he who is false to the Constitution is false
to the country. I know of no country outside of
that instrument.
What is my country when the Constitution
goes down: Is it land and water? Shall we
adopt the dogma of tvranfs, that a government
may exist simply by icason of force and power
throughout tin- boundnties of a given tenitory?
I say you are false and disloyal to my country—
the country of the Constitution. Then we are
even. No, not even; far I prove my assertion,
and you do not. And here, to-mght, on parting,
I say to you that there is nothing lost on ourside
so lar as a poor opinio.i of each oihu* concerned
on that subject. You may ciil us disloyal if it
will case youi hcaits any, but our opinion hen'
upon tl\is side of the House is just as linn—I can
speak for every one hci''*—!<• just as well defined,
just as sharply and finally made up, that the ma-
jority of this ["loose has been disloyal, m the acts
i have enumerated, and m the general scop-v of
its conduct, to the Constitution of the country,
as if j'ou had been convicted of overt treason, and
stood ready to be executed according to law. We
go further. We think that the Administration
itself has been rankly disloyal to the Constitution,
and in" that opinio the advantage which we have
over you is that tin"1 people who made the Con-
stitution, and who constitute this Government,
are of the same opinion, and sustain us, while
they repudiak you. Tha' is our advantage on
that point.
Mr. MOORIIEAD, (m his seat.) We will
have it all over agom.
Mr. VOOUIiEES. Yes, we wiil have it all
ovei • •.gam, if you shall evet be able to st^ud up
lon^ t noug'i hef r<- the people to be knocked down.
That is the only doitbtful question left. If we
were simply playing n political gam<% you have
78
done just what your worst enemies would have
i wished. But you have ruined the hopes of the
country, and driven the people to despair. For
this reason I lament and deplore your conduct. I
bewail the hard fortunes of my poor country when
such pilots are on shipboard. 1 am sorry you
have violated your pledgesand broken your faith;
I am sorry you have shown a total incapacity to
administer theGovernment; and I am sorry, very
soi i y, that it is so long before there can be a total
change of officers at the head of the Government,
But there is another feature in the conduct of
this Administration and its supporters that goes as
a reason why troops cannot now be brought into
the field as yoluntecrs, and adespotic conscription
bill has to be passed. The people of the country
have seen public economy disregarded. They
have seen thieves and plunderers in the high places
of the Government not only unrcbuked, but re-
warded by promotion to higher honors in place
and profit. They have seen fortunes more than
mountain high made in a single night by political
favorites. No, sir; keep still, sir. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode, who made a
remaikin hisseat] can speak feelingly and know-
ingly and understandniirly, I have no doubt, upon
the subject to which 1 al'ude. He has his friend,
the late Secretary of War, the late minister to Rus-
sia, the late candidate for United States Senator
in Pennsylvania, 1 presume, in his mind. I have
I no doubt it is a delicate point with him. 1 have
• by my side, however, my very distinguished and
| reliable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr, Dawes,]
I who always comes to my relief, and if 1 cannot
| prove Simon Cameron and some of his friends
| plunderers and public thieves by him, I wiil give
j up the case. [Laughter.] I hope the gentleman
| from Pennsylvania will fust settle with hisfnend
| from Massachusetts befoie he even looks towards
j me again. Settle i hat que.ion among voursol ves.
; The public, mind ha.s settled it long ago. 1 repeat,
the people have seen W sod and profligacy prevail-
ing m high plnces Tie1}' have sen another thing
in the progress of this war, and especially at this
time and in its present lamentable stage.
They have seen there contractors and plunder-
ers and lobby thieves surrounding this Capitol,
creating a swell mob m these galleries, thegieed-
iestof the greed v, the hungriest of all animals that
ever infested in di o\es and packs the haunts of po-
litical offal. They have heard them the loudest
and most persistent for the continued prosecution
of this war. No abus*-* can be denounced that we
do not hear the cry of treason from their hungry
lips. What does it matter to them that the poor
soldi' r lays stiff in the snow upon his thin blanket?
They go upon th * motto, " put money in tiiy
pocket, put money in thy pocket." If you think
that the peopl. are blind tc this state of affairs you
are mistaken. They know it nil by heart. They
kno«A that thfse loathsome cormorants are en-
camped hei<: to eat out their subsUnce. They
know that they are ihe Hessians of this war,and
that no peace will be pel mitled to revisit this bleed-
ing land as loinr as viiiomy can find pay in the
coffers of the Government, if this evil brood can
piwent it. But, sir, 1 thank God that tlm hand-
writing ls> oi"> the wail. The corrupt and mip;ous
feast of B"1 duizzar, tin- king, his princes, his oai -
asites and concubines, is about over. "They
diank wine, and praUed the trods of gold and of
silver, of brasa, of iron, of wood, and of stone.
But in the same hour came forth fingers of a man's
hand, and wrote tlvdr doom over against the can-
dlestick upon the plaster of the wail^f the kind's
palace." And the fingers of the American peoplt
are busily engaged in wruingadoom equally ter-
rible against those who have turned the temple of
our fathers into a den of thieves.
The people have seen other things, however,
to discourage them in the prosecution of this war.
They have seen you take advantage of the polit-
ical condition of thr conni.-y—you men who rep-
resent the .spindles and looms of New England;
they hvve seen you coming; here and forcing on
the agricultural portions of the country a tariff
which is a robbery, a direct plunder on honest
labor; they have seen you develop the most selfish,
greedy, degrading element of the human hearten'
the love of gain by unfair means—taxing the whole
country for the purpose of carrying out merely,
personal interests. To-day the western farmer,.
the western mechanic, pays three or four times the
ordinary price for the articles which he has to buy
from you, and which he can buy nowhere else.
The people understand it well. They know that
this increase of price does not go into the Treas-
ury of their beloved country; that it docs not go
even into the coffers "where thieves breakthrough
and steal;" but that itgoos directly into thcpock-
ets of the millionaire, the nabob, the monopolist
of the manufacturing districts. Theyknowall
that. It makes them tired of war. They arc sore
at heart, and see no hope of success, justice, union,
or constitutional liberty at your hands.
All your boasts of patriotism, all your inspir-
ing appeals to the people, fall hollow and empty
upon their ears. You are to them and in their
sight like whitcd sepulchers, fair and enticing
without, but full of rottenness and dead men's
bones within. You have been false to your trusts,
fills# in the conduct of the war, and false to the
declarations in which you set foith the purposes
for which the war was to be carried on. You have
been false in the domestic policy of the country,
which uobs one, section for the benefit of another.
Mr.OLJN. Will the gentleman allow me—
Mr. VOORIIEES. No, sir. Mr. Speaker, the
people have seen these things, and they have seen
more. They have not only seen the object and
purpose of this war perverted from a prosecution
of it in support of the Constitution into a war for
the liberation of the slave and the prostration of
State rights—a war of proclamations, by which
State sovereignty is struck down—but they have
seen the proclamation making black men free, very
appropt lately followed by one making white men
slaves.
T allude to the proclamation of last September,
which 1 attempted to discuss at some length the
other day; a proclamation subjecting to the Presi-
dent's will the whole population of the country.
This, too, comes as an incident, *ind in connec-
tion with the prosecution of this war; and you
have at la>t readied a point where the popular
mind is thoroughly impregnated with the belief
that the further prosecution of the war on the pres-
ent line of policy will result in the overthrow of
the Constitution,in the overthrow of civil liberty,
in the overthrow of the Federal Government, in
the elevation of the black man and ifie degrada-
tion of tho white man in the social and political
status of the country.
The subject of arrests made under the procla-
mation suspending the habeas corpus has been too
ably discussed for me to enter upon it now in any
detail. The subject has been exhausted by the
eloquent and able and distinguished gentleman
fiom Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigivam,] who preceded
me in tfrj-s debate. But, sir, *t is a dangerous in-
gredient „o cast by the passage of this bill into the
boiling caldron of popular discontent and popular
indignation', and the popular voice comes up here
to-night, unging loud and clear over the storms
and dissensions in this Hall, saying to the mem-
bers on the o'her side, "go bark to your broken
pledges; go b'-.ck to the Constitution; cease, as
you value your lives; cease, as you value the
peace of the country; cease, as you dread the lu-
rid flames of civil war at your own homesteads,
cease these infractions of the American's birth-
right—the Constitution. Dare no more to lay
your hafida on the white man's liberty. Go no
further in the line of policy which yo*"> 'lave at-
tempted." I say .o you, ge  tleme«f mat as the
Lord God reigns in heaven, you cannot go on
with your system of provost marshals and police
official* arresting free white men for discharging
what they conceive to be their duty, within the
plain provisions<d*tin Constitution,and maintain
peace in the loyal States. Blood will flow. You
cannot and you shall not forge our fetters onour
limbs without n struggle for the mastery.
I say this in sorrow, but I would be false to the
