296
THE COJSTGrEESSlOJSTAL GLOBE.
January 13,
to be indestructible, the loans required have been
obtained on such terms as are apt to be imposed
upon slippery creditors, and she has been com-
pelled to issue a great amount of paper where the
consideration has been clipped. The revenue
appears invariably to fall belowthe expenditure,
and from 1857 to 1861 this amounted to a deficit
of $250,000,000. What the whole Austrian debt
may be—consisting of "one hundred and one
kinds of securities, bearing sixteen different rates
of interest, and moreover of one hundred and
ninety-seven subdivisions of bonds''—it is hard
to find out, but it cannot be less than about
$1,400,000,000. Austria can hardly borrow means
in order to subdue Hungarian rebellions, and is
far less in a condition to lend to put down an in-
surrection in a free Republic.
Spain and Turkey are needy borrowers, when
anybody can be tempted to lend; and Italy, also,
for the presentat least, requires much larger sums
than its own people can supply, notwithstanding
its ultimate resources may be abundant.
Russia, vast in resources as in other respects,
from the pursuit of her traditionary ambition for
empire, and the wars incident thereto, has a large
debt, destined to be considerably increased. The
great reform which the present emperor has com-
menced, so honorable to himself and likely to
prove so beneficial to his people, cannot be con-
summated without throwing new charges upon
his treasury. The public debt of Russia is sup-
posed to be over §400,000,000, besides paper
money, recently largely increased to an equal and
most likely greater amount. "While this is true,
the quantity of specie supposed to be held as are-
source for the redemption of the paper has largely
diminished. Russia has been and must long con-
tinue a supplicant in the money markets of the
world. An American negotiator for a loan at St.
Petersburg would be apt to find himself at zero.
England, regarding a public debt as a blessing,
glories in this cohesive power among its credit-
ors, and fairly eclipses the world m its capacity
for running into debt, and for the infinitude of its
taxes. Having longsince reachcd nearly the high-
est endurable point of taxation, the only ready
resource for a further augmentation of debt ap-
pears to be a reduction of the rate of interest by
parliamentary omnipotence. Asm the past, so
in the future, any exigency wilt prevent so in-
valuable an idea from becoming obsolete.
In round numbers, the funded and unfunded debt
of Great Britain—estimating a pound sterling at
five dollars—is $4,000,000,000; and they are proud
of it! The laborers may starve who produce the
means to meet the annual interest on this vast sum,
without any voice in levying taxes: but the holders
of these securities, and of what is termed realized
property, shape the laws and make no complaint.
In fifteen years Great Britain has not reduced her
indebtedness, but rather enlarged it to the extent
of $50,000,000. The prospect of its extinguish-
ment can be easily calculated from such data.
Besides ihis: for money had and received in India,
there has been an incieuse of debt there, within
the last five years, of nearly $250,000,000. The
Canadian provinces, also, owe large sums, guar-
antied by the mother country; and these, with
the railway guarantees and other liabilities in all
its dependencies, foj- which it is responsible and
is to be responsible, swell the public debt of Great
Britain, were it afl consolidated, sufficiently to
satisfy the greatest stickler for the unmatched
solidity of the British public debt.
Fiom the facts presented, it is sufficiently ob-
vious that European Govei nmenls have absoi bed
quite as much capital as can he legitimately with-
drawn from the industrial employments of their
people; and if there is anything more to spare, the
Governments themselves are urgent and yet un-
supplied borrowers.
The genius of our people, their industrial habits,
combined with the extent and variety of resources
within their control, make them emphatically a
nation whose vocation it is to create wealth. They
are able to make laiger voluntary contributions ,
to their Government than any equal number of i
citizens of any nation. It is far better that they
should do it—keeping our capital in active use at
home—than that we should go abroad for loans,
and be drained for years to pay interest to en-
rich foreign lands. Those nations owing debts
otherwise than to their own people can be easily
traced on the map by their poverty. Our debt,
if due to our own people, rather than abroad, may
be doubled in amount, and borne with equal fa-
cility. The position of some foreign nations is
ungracious and matter for regret but no cause for
alarm. Letus go back to our original grand start-
ing point of 1776, with not less courage or ability,
and " hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind,
enemies in war—in peace, friends."
Mr. Chairman, there is another complemental
measure pending, urged with great zeal and emi-
nent ability by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
faithfully reflected by the bill introduced by the
worthy gentleman from Massachusetts, which,
though distinct from the bill before us, may influ-
ence some members as to their present action,and,
therefore, I shall discuss it, I hope, fairly, and cer-
tainly candidly. This is no time for passion; but
every measure should stand or fall on its own
merits. The fact that it comes indorsed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, in whose integrity I
have entire confidence, and whose ability is ad-
mitted by even those in the habit of charging
imbecility upon the " rest of mankind," is to me
a recommendation; but when I am called upon to
act in times that add weight even to the sanctity
of an oath, F must have the courage to act upon
my own judgment, and not seek the covert to be
found behind authority. I know well that those
who venture to object to a national banking
scheme, carefully elaborated, and supported by
great names, will find little sympathy unless they
can demonstrate its unfitness, or the greater fitness
of something else, or off< masterly inactivity."
Being persuaded that this measure—so compre-
hensive in relation to the varied and vital interests
of the country—is wrong in principle, that it can-
not prove successful, and, if it could, that the time
is most inauspicious for so great a revolution in
the monetary institutions of the country, I shall
submit to the House, briefly, some of the reasons
why, as I think, it should not be adopted.
The plan of the Secretary of the Treasury, al-
though spread out in many sections, can be briefly
stated; thus:
1. Any number of persons, not less than five,
may form a ban king association, which, upon pay-
ing for $50,000, or more, of any kind of Govern-
mcntinterest-beanng bonds, and depositing them
with the Treasurer of the United States, will be
allowed to take an amount of notes for circulation
equal to ninety per cent, of the bonds deposited,
and these notes are to be receivable for all Gov-
ernment dues, except duties on imports, and pay-
able on Government debts, except interest on
bonds, but are not otherwise a legal tender.
2. Such associations are to pay one per cent,
semi-annually to the Government on the amount
of the bonds deposited. In other words, if the
bonds bear six per cent, interest, the Government
is to pay two per cent, less, or but four per cent,
per annum.
3. The associations are to keep on hand con-
stantly, in '■ lawful money," (supposed to be legal
tender notes or coin,) not less than twenty-five
per cent, on the amount of their circulation and
deposits.
Thi s is free banking, and a quarter over. The
capital, and ten dollars in every hundied above
their allowed circulation, is first to be invested in
bonds, and then twenty-five per cent, on their cir-
culation and deposits is to be invested, and con-
stantly kept in bank m [Jnited States notes, or
greenbacks, "as my fi iend from New York [Mr.
Spauldixcj] gives authoiity to call them, besides
what more may be required for daily use. I say
*' greenbacks," for no banker would be so green
as to be guiityof the eccentricity of paying thirty
or forty per cent, premium fot anything else.
4. Jill notes issued by existing banks as cur-
rency the Secretary proposes to tax two per cent,
per annum; and, if they do not die off gracefully
under this edict, then one of greater severity is to
be brought forth in due season.
Nowhere in the bill is there the slightest pro-
vision that the banking associations shall ever
keep or pay out a dollar in specie. Whatever
others may do, they may remain paper banks,
pure and simple, now and forever. And the two
per cent, interest, withheld by Government on
the bonds, is to be " in lieu of all taxes upon the
circulation authorized," or-" upon the bonds de-
posited." The States will thus be forbidden to
tax the business or the capital.
The last section of the national free banking
bill, as introduced here, appropriates an indefinite
sum, generally for expenses in the execution of
the whole scheme. I agree that the expenses will
be large and difficult to compute; but 1 cannot
agree to appropriate for this object all the money
we propose to raise for the war. The power is
unlimited. The question is not whether a bad
man, but whether any man, even the best, should
have so much.
The purpose of this new national banking scheme
is, not to regulate the currency,"as, it must be con-
fessed, it was in the power of the old United States
Bank to do, but to uproot all the State banks is-
suing currency which now e&ist, under whatever
system established, in order to make room for
funding United States bonds. If these bonds could
be funded, there might be no proposition, either
open or otherwise, for the dissolution of all the
existing country banks, for, practically, the bill
is shaped only to reach the country banks. A
resurrection is indeed promised, but not until after
the death of their present corporate existence.
The city banks, having little or no circulation,
and relying upon large deposits as the basis of
discounts, will be exempt from the crushing out
process, but this exemption cuts off a large slice
of the capital which it is desired to constrain into
investments in bonds.
Take, for example, the banks of the city of
New York, December 27, 1862; and their circu-
lation was $9,858,369, while their deposits were
$155,193,229; and if they owed the country banks
i as much as in September 27,1862, or $45,502,611,
| the total amount would be over $200,000,000.
J Then look at the banks in the city of Boston. On
| November 29,1862, the circulation was $8,215,967,
j while their deposits were $32,705,059. It needs
| no prophet to foretell that these banks would at
once abandon the issue of all circulation and take
refuge in their deposits. As a further illustration,
let me cite the condition of some of the New York
city banks:
Capital.
Bank of the State of
New Yoik 2,000.000
Manhattan 2,050',000
Bank of America 3,000.000
City 1,000.000
Comitieice 9,148.480
Metcantile 1,000^000
Such banks as these are indifferent to, and most
likely advise, the tax on circulation. But upon
them it would faii to operate as a measure either
of revenue or repression. It would be inconse-
quential whether they paid the tax or withdrew
their circulation. Clearly it would not force them
to take bonds in order to obtain the privilege of a
circulation for which they have no use. In any
calculation that may be made as to the working
of this new national banking scheme the Atlantic
city banks may be left out. When this is done
the remainder of the capital, employed in banking
in the country, is too small to build anything upon,
except very elegant financial structures upon an
atmospherical base.
The cntiio bank capital of tlic State of New York
Ls $) 08,606,062
Eiune bank capital of the city of New Yoik.. 60,123.820
Which leaves for the lest of the State  $09,480,242
I The emne hank capital of Massachusetts is.. $67,544,200
II Entire bank capital of Boston  36.331,700
!j Which loaves for the rest of the Statu ,$29,312,500
;i The bank capital of these two States is
ii §176,150,262; and of this $108,606,062 is in two
11 cities alone. There is no drag-net in the scheme
:■ which will reach this capital, and it forms a large
ji proportion—one third, at least—of the banking
jj capital of the loyal States. I am willing to con-
| j cede that, in the end, if the policy shall be initiated,
j| the banks of deposit and discount must share the
j; fate of the banks of circulation and discount. The
11 tenderness now exhibited will prove like that of
!: the one-eyed giant, and they will be victims, with
only the distinction of being last to be devoured.
The system of banking upon debts instead of
money is a double fiction, and is incapable of one
truth. _ Neither debts m the shape of collateral
securities, nor the circulating notes based thereon,
are money, but debts which may be realized and
possibly changed into money. The system of
banking on stock securities has been tried, and
has been partially successful in the rural districts
Notes in
Circulation.
364,420
7."), 354
36,556
none.
1.705
G,377
Deposits,
6,097,809
fi,b97,568
10,571,019
5,642,228
9,134,523
3,961,231
