1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman near me says, with the adroitness of a
good lawyer and with common sense, that treason-
able practices are the practices of treason. If he
finds a man committing treason, what does he do?
He has to report that to the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral. The necessary steps are then taken for his
arrest. He is to be taken before the civil author-
ities and punished. Yet this is the section on
which so many platitudes have been delivered.
{ have deemed it necessary to say that much in
regard to thnt section. T withdraw the motion to
recommit the bill, and call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PENDLETON". I move that there be a
call of the House, and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays. s*
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. A.NCONA. I ask to be excused from voting
on that question.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I demand the
veas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas CI, nays 60; as folJows;
YEAS—Meser*. William J. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Baily,
Riddle, Cox,CMveri=, Crislicld, duuii, English, Flanders,
Gr.uigor, Gurier, Hale, Hall, Ilaidmg, Horton, Hutchins,
John-ou. Killingcr, lvnapp, Lansing, Law, Lazear, ftlc-
Kntijtu, Malloiy, May, Mcnzics, Mitchell, Noble, Norton,
N'ugcn, Odcif, Patton, Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps,
Poirei, Puce, Riddle, Robinson, James S.Rollins,Sargent.
Sine!, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin Fi
Thorna?, Fiancis Thomas, Trowbridge. VaUandigham,
Voorheey, Walker, Ward, Wheeler, Whalcy, Chilton A.
White. WickljffV, Woodruff, Worcester, Wright, and Yea-
man— Gl.
NAW— Me«w. Aldricli,Baker,Baxter, Bingham, Sam-
uel s. I>lan, I51ak<j. Butlhuon, Campbell, Casey, Colfax,
Frrdeiick A. Conkling, Covode, Culler, Davis, Dawes,
KduMrd-J, Eliot, Fenttm, Samuel C. t'^scnUon, Thomas A.
D. Fessenden, Fi-her, Fianehot, Gooch, Goodwin, Hahn,
Ham-on. Hickman, llolman. Hooper, Fiancis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy, Melndoe, McKoan,
MePliersou, Maiston, Mnytimd, Moorhead, Justin S. Mor-
rill, Nixon. Olm. Pike. I'omeroy, Alexander II. lUce, John
II. Rice, Edwaid II. Uollin«, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Sheliabargor, Sherman, Stratum, Van Wyck, Vciree, Wal-
lace, Wabhbuino, Albeit 3. White, WiUou, and Windom
—GO.
So the motion was agreed to.
Thereupon, the House (at thirty-three minutes
after eleven o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 24, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. i move that
the further reading of the Journal he suspended.
There being no objection, the reading was dis-
persed with.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 149) for the relief of Kate
R. Gaither, and others, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S, No. 536) to incorporate
the institution for the education of colored youth
in the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 532) to define the
powers and duties of the levy courtof the county
of Washington, District of Columbia, in regard
to roads, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from tiie same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 533) to amend "An
act to provide for the public instruction of youth
in ptimary schools thioughout the county of
Washington, m the District of Columbia, without
the limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town,'' approved May 20,1862, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will not ask that a special
order be made, but I should like to have the con-
sent of the Senate to occupy on Friday next about
an hour or an hour and a half in the transaction
of business which relates particularly to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. At one o'clock on Friday I
hope 1 shall have the general consent of the Sen-
ate to that effect. Is that the understanding?
["Yes."] Very well.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill*(H  R. No. 763) to
build a wagon road, for the use of the Military
Academy, from West Point, in the county of
Orange, State of New York, to Cornwall Landing,
in said county, have instructed me to report it
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do not pass, i move that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to. .
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Afifaus and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bili (S. No. 552) granting
the right of way over the military reserve at Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas, have instructed mc to re-
port it without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass. I move that the
bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 719) in
relation to military hospitals and to organize an
ambulance corps, have instructed me to report it
back with a recommendation that it do not pass.
I will not make the motion for its indefinite post-
ponement, but let it go on the table. I will sim-
ply say that this bill has passed the House of
Representatives, and the Committee on Military
Affairs have considered it with a great deal of
care. There is great interest in the country in
regard to it, but we think it an impracticable
measure to organize such a corps at this time.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 549)
to change the name of the steamer J. L. McGill to
that of the Hope reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom weie referred a message
of the President of the United States, of January
23, communicating correspondence between this
Government and the Mexican minister in rela-
tion to the exportation of articles contraband of
war for the use of the French army in Mexico;
a message of the President of the United States,
communicating correspondence between the State
Department and the representative of her Britan-
nic Majesty's Government in relation to the cap-
ture of British vessels sailing fiom one British port
to another, having on board articles contraband
of war, intended for the use of the so-called con-
federate States; and a message of the 6th instant,
communicating a report of the Secretary of State
in relation to the building of ships of war for the
Japanese Government,asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bili (S. No.
554) to carry into effect the convention between
the United States and the republic of Peru, signed
at Lima on the 12th of January, 1863, for the set-
tlement of claims, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 465) providing for the payment of the
debts of various Indian tribes, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 529) for the relief of the
Wea, Peoiia, Kaska-dua. and Piankeshaw Indiana, be re-
committed to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 132) to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to obtain the title to certain property
in the city of Denver, Colorado Territory, for the
purposes of the branch mint located in said place;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 567) to authoi izc the President
of the United States in certain cases to take pos-
session of steamboats and other vessels; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a. bili (S. IJio*
566) for the relief of Henry A. Brigham; which
was read twice by ita title, and referred to th«
Committee on the Judiciary.
bill become a law.
A message from the President of tlie United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed, on the 21st instant, a bill (S.
"No. 417) for the removal of the Winnebago In-
dians, and for the sale of their reservation in Min-
nesota for their benefit.
message from the hou$b.
A message from the House of Representative's,
by Mr. Ethkridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had insisted upon its
amendments to the bill of the Senate (No.-492)
to amend the laws relating to the Post Office De-
partment, disagreed to by the Senate; agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and had
appointed Mr. Schuyler Colfax of Indiana, Mr.
Harrison G. Blake of Ohio, and Mr. Moses P.
Odell of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to some and disagreed
to other amendmontsof the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 708) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1864;
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon ;and had appointed Mr.thad-
deus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Charles
B. Sedgwick of New York, and Mr. William S.
Holman of Indiana, managers at the same, on it®
part' enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker of
the House of Representatives had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 451) to prevent correspondence
with rebels;
A bill (S. N.o. 473) to amend an act entitled "an
act to pievent members of Congress and officers
of the Government of the United States from
taking consideration for procuring contracts, of-
fice, or place from the United States, and for other
purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 486) to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United Slates stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof,
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Elizabeth
M. Baxter, widow of the late Robert Baxter, sec-
ond lieutenant of the tenth regiment Minnesota
volunteers;
A bill (S. No. 535) for the relief of Emma L,.
Fuller; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Perry E.
Brocchus his salary as judge of the supreme court
of the United States for the Territory of New Mex-
ico.
naval appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House No. 708, making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1804, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insists upon its amendments to
the said btiE disagreed to hytlie Motive of Representatives,
and agree to the conference a-*k(>d by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Order cd, That tiie committee of conference on the part
of the Senate he appointed by tiie President pro tempore.
And Mr. Grimes, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Davis
were appointed.
removal op tiie sioux.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have instructed me to report a bili
for the removal of the Sioux Indians, and I wish
that it may be put upon its passage now. It is
precisely the same bill that passed the Senate
some time ago, with the exception of the appro-
priation; and the reason for it is, that we may be
enabled to seeure its passage through the House
of Representatives.
The bill (S. No. 565) for the removal of the
