1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSl.
of New York, but has utterly failed almost overy-
whereelse,as in Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin,
and is wholly inoperative in Massachusetts,Ohio,
and Vermont. When well managed it is but a
clumsy mode of banking, and one which allows
one class"of holders of the same securities higher
privileges than others. One pays the par value
of bonds and receives interest when due, and no
more. Another pays an equal amount for the
bonds, gets the same interest—less by the amount
of tax—and has banking privileges accorded,
whatever they may be worth, in addition. It is
true the bill holder has all the security there is in
the bonds, in ease of loss; but if there should be
a loss on the bonds, then the bill holder comes
in for his share of it. The loss m the western
States on $8,000,000 of similar circulation was
over §2,000,000. The credit is to be based upon
that of the United States, and if that is good on
the bonds, it is equally good on its notes, issued
by itself; and yet in the process the Government
loses the interest paid on the bonds, and allows
bankers to do the same thing it is striving to avoid,
namely, the issue of agreater volume of currency.
The Secretary admits that " the aggregate circu-
lation of Government United States notes with-
drawn will be replaced by the amount of national
circulation furnished to the associations."
When a bank is established upon bona fide cap-
ital, all paid in, the chances of loss do not begin
until the whole of that capital shall have been act-
ually lost, and that is a rare occurrence. I n many
of the States the directors give bonds, or the stock-
holders are holden for an equal amount, in addi-
tion. But a bank based upon stocks, in the event
of depreciation, always enables its owners to
throw that depreciation, whatever it may be, be-
yond the margin provided, upon the bill holders.
The temptation has not been, and will not be, le-
sisted. The bonds of the United States are the
best of securities—every dollar of which will be
paid—though, according to the old adage, pru-
dent men will never place " all their eggs in one
basket;" but even these have fluctuated hereto-
fore in their market value, and in times of peace,
and they cannot be exempt from similar fortunes,
when financial or political gales blow, in the fu-
ture. In prosperous times the tendency of a cir-
culation based on United States bonds would be
toward inflation, but let any disaster befall the
country and it would be driven home for redemp-
tion. It follows that wo cannot now obtain any
relief from this measure, just when we most need
it; but its possibilities only begin after the crisis
shall be over, when we shall not need if. Instead
of regulating the evils of a paper currency, in
times of distress or panic, it has no power but to
aggravate them. This idea is not new, for it is
almost conceded by the Secretary, as has been al-
ready once quoted m this debate, who says:
" Little tin cot aid is, however, to be expected trom tins
plan dunnfftiio present, not very much, pei haps, during the
next year,"
There are, beyond question, sound principles
to be observed m banking, and among them the
chiefest arc these, that those who engage in the
business should have capital, skill, anil integrity.'
With these requisites banks become useful and
piofitable,and not otherwise. By the new scheme
proposed, only the first of these, capital, is de-
manded, and that temporarily, for there is noth-
ing to prevent the parlies who furnish this from
at once taking it back, or borrowing and using the
whole amount of circulation issued, to buy anew
batch of bonds, or in any oilier way, until called
upon to redeem it. Instead of the plan being
framed to give strength and solidity to the banks
to be created, it appears to be framed only to give
strength and solidity to Government bonds. This
is very desit able, but the evidence is wholly want-
ing that it will do this. It appeals to patriotism,
rather than to the interest of capitalists. Capital-
ists will fight and pay taxes for patriotism, but
they will not surrender their judgment and com-
mon sense when estimating productive securities.
They will not be used to create a value in which
they do not participate. Create aspeciai and arti-
ficial demand for bonds, and there will be no other
when that shall be satisfied.
Undei this systemof pledging stocks,men with-
out means, skill, or character, ii able to obtain a
temporary loan so as to purchase the first batch
of bonds, may establish a bank. There can be
no control over banks created in this manner, and
the character of such banks will be as heteroge-
neous as that of the men intrusted with their man-
agement. With the delivery of the notes, the
Goverfl^nent is quit of all other responsibility until
the banks fail; and when they fail there are no
pledges for the circulation butUnited States bonds.
Upon the happening of such a contingency, the
Government is to cancel the bonds, and redeem
the circulation of the bank in default by issuing
its own currency. The ultimate reduction is to
United States notes; and, if that be so, what bet-
ter is it than it would be to issue tliem in the first
instance ?
The notes authorized, though all bearing the
spread eagle, will be redeemable, when used by
the banking associations, at as many points as
there maybe banks in operation. Those remote
fiom centers of commerce will bear different val-
ues, according to the rates of exchange; for these
banks, though alike, are not related, and will not
redeem any circulation but their own. The only
"odor of nationality" to be realized is in the
name, and how much this slight fragrance will
commend the scheme, remains to be seen.
In the next place the plan is not likely to suc-
ceed. This of course is a matter of opinion, which
can only be tested by actual experience. But
there is not time to test expeiiments. We seek
prompt relief for the Treasury, and not the de-
struction of institutions cherished by the people,
without distinction of parties, as valuable. Has
New York asked for this experiment? Not at
all. She is content with her own banking system.
Has Pennsylvania asked for it? Does Indiana or
Iowa ask for it? Does Kentucky, New Jersey,
Ohio, or New England—if New England can be
permitted to open her mouth at all—ask for it? No,
sir. All of these States would view the change as a
public calamity. They aie ready to sacrifice the
banks or anything else to tHe cause of this Union,
but they believe the sacrifice of State banks now
useless and a blunder. They arc content with their
own laws, and ask for no such violent changes as
this new-fangled national currency scheme pro-
poses. There has not been, so far as I know, a sin-
gle petition from any quarter praying for the pas-
sage of such a bill, and there has not been a protest,
because the public have neversupposed it possible
that any considerable number seriously favored
it. The present banks can be forced to wind up
by an onerous tax on their circulation. So much
is clear. But it is not so clenr that you can force
the same panics to place their capital m the new
hopper of national free banking. Some of them
might, but the majority assuredly would not.
Capital is proverbially distrustful, is not dazzled
by fine phrases, does not assent to the idea that
" the war will bo closed in sixty days," nor that
"no considerable depreciation of currency has
actually occurred," and clings to securities which
have an established fame and well-proved solid-
ity because they have been tried.
But, if the plan could be made to work, the
compensatory results are not equal to the pangs
which the country would be made to suffer during
its birth. What must be the process?
First. Existing banks will be forced by the tax
to retire their present circulation, and must, there-
fore, sternly and at once curtail their business.
Second. In order to obtain funds to purchase
United States bonds, if the stockholders decide
so to do, they must cut off all accommodations to
the public and call in their loans. Any,one who
supposes such a sudden drying up of fountains,
so long freely used, will not produce some dis-
tress, will be convinced of his error should the
plan ever be attempted.
Third. Where existing banks already have
State stocks deposited as the basis of circulation,
as in the State of New York, these must be dis-
posed of, thrown upon the mat kct, m competition
with United States stocks, which, at the present
time, would be most undesirable, as the State
stocks would be purchased and locked up in most
such cases by the very persons who, otherwise,
would be most likely to invest in United States
bonds. At the present time, it is undeniable that j
State institutions are less menaced than national
institutions, and the bonds of the less exposed
States would command the most favor.
Most of the existing banks receive on deposit,
and now daily use large sums of the United States {
notes, redeeming their own notes with them in- j
stead of with specie; but compel them to quit bus- I
iness, as they must when their circulation is inter*
dieted, and these vast sums would no longer "be
thus absorbed.
Most of the larger banks and manyof the smaller
ones already carry United States securities to the
full measure of their capacity. Nearly their en*
tire capital is now pledged for their fealty to the -
Union, and the value of this pledge is not lessened
by the fact that it was given voluntarily, and not
on compulsion, as is now proposed.
As an illustration, I will give the capital of the
New York State and city banks, ana then the
amount they held of the United States stocks,
promissory, and seven three-tenths notes, and in-
debtedness certificates, on the 27th of September
last;
Stocks* promissory
and United States
Capital. 7.y0? o£cs, andin-
dcbtcdncss certifi-
cates.
Incmporatcil bank?, (city).. $4,750,000 §5,07-2,075
Bankingassoeuuioni>,(,euy; G-i3o7o,820 72,669,090
Other banking associations
(country)  33,601 ,747 26,335,842
Other incorporated banks,
(country)  4.250,000 1,091,771
Private blinks  1.628,495 1,091,771
Total $J0B,00t>,0S2 $107,116,775
In the city the amount held of Government se-
curities in all forms exceeded the amount of their
capital by about the same amount they fell short
in the country. The gross capital is $108,606,062,
and the indebtedness of the United States was
$107,116,775; and on Saturday last it was esti-
mated m New York at $150,000,000. More than
three fourths of the capital even of the country
banks of New York is already used by the United
States.
The banks of the city of Philadelphia hold Uni-
ted States securities and liabilities to the amount
of nearly double their capital, while their circular,
tion is less than half of their capital. On the 9th
of January, 1863, their capital was $11,740,000,
and they had deposited witli the Assistant Treas-
urer $3,^0,000. They held $5,599,965 of legal
tender notes, and in bonds of all sorts, and cer-
tificates of indebtedness, $12,031,250; making a
debt against the United States in the aggregate
of $20,854,215. An examination of the banks
throughout the country would, m the aggregate,
show the banks to have been more liberal in their
contributions to support the credit of the Govern-
ment than any other class in the country. It is
neither justice nor sound policy for the Govern-
ment at this time to crucify its benefactors.
The new plan, fully executed, would obtain
very little if any more aid from the-banks thari
what is already secured, and the Treasury at last
would find itself in actual possession of no more
than a new dollar for an old one.
The imposition of a tax upon bank notes be-
yond a very moderate circulation, thus properly
regulating such issues, appears to my humble
judgment far preferable to the alternative pre-
sented, but which 1 hope will not find favor in this
House.
Mr. Chairman, a few words more and I have
done. The calmness of the nation while the war
of the rebellion in all its strongholds rages with
the greatest fury, will be noted as one of the most
remarkable features in the history of the times.
Individuals outside of the volcanic stream of Army
volunteers, pursue their wonted advocations only
with an increased energy. States move m their
accustomed orbits, regardful of all local objects,
but more than ever ready to uphold national power
and national unity, and the nation itself, through
its executive, judicial, and legislative organs, ex-
hibits no renunciation of minor duties while un-
flinchingly prosecuting a task unmatched in mag-
nitude or in possible results. Here there is no
trace of any purpose to abandon enterprises which
might, even in times of peace, appal statesmen
and legislators less bold in the assumption of the
perpetuity of our Government, and less reliant
upon the solid resources of our people. The Pa-
cific railroad, a work of such magnificent propor-
tions as to make the day of its birth a memorable
era, has been unhesitatingly ordained and pro-
vided for. An Indian war, begun with a ferocity
almost unexampled, has been terminated by a
wholesome chastisement of the guilty savages,
who seem bent upon preparing even the Chris-
tian world to look upon their annihilation with-
