1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The records of Congress for the last twenty-
seven years are replete with the evidences of the
wisdom and value of his labors. I shall not at-
tempt to recount them in detail; they are well
known anddeservedly appreciated by thecountry.
These records, I will, however, say, do show that
he was a wise, prudent, and patiiotic statesman;
that in no single instance did he forget his own
dignity, his duty to the whole country, and his
devotion to his own State and people; that he
never was a partisan wrangler, the factious op-
ponent of those from whom he duTered,the blind
supporter of those with whom he in general
agreed, or the apologist of vice or official delin-
quency. These records do show that he had
carefully studied the Constitution, and made it,
under all circumstanccs, the rule of his action;
that he had an exalted appreciation of what was
due to the honor, glory, and dignity of his coun-
try, and in every emergency supported them with
conscientious and unfalteiing zeal; in a word,
they exhibit him a patiiot who loved his country,
a statesman who understood more nearly than
most men what was needful to its grandeur and
power; a just man, who, for himself and ins
country, with unyielding perseverance and ac-
cording to his intelligent convictions, pursued the
right.
He was, from taste and habit of thought, more
inclined to literature and science than to politics;
and the early training and liberal education which
he had received, well fitted him to pursue the bent
of his inclination. It was in consequence of this
that during his career in Congress, first in the
House of Representatives, and again in the Sen-
ate, lie was a loader in advocating, directing,
and controlling the various legislative enactments
which pertained to literature and science.
The Library of Congress was a favorite object
of his care, and he gave much time and thought
to the management of its affairs. The value of
this rich collection of the recorded labors of the
human intellect is greatly indebted to his knowl-
edge and judgment in making the selection of
appropriate works.
The Coast Survey, including its advantages,
methods, and lesults, was another object of his
special attention. No member of Congress was
better acquainted with the details of its operations,
and its annual progress; and no one was more
ready or better able to give an answer to any ques-
tion which might anse as to us management and
practical and scientific utility, or to defend it
against the attacks which it might receive from
those who had not as thoroughly as himself mas-
tered its history and its character. His most
elaborate speech upon the Survey, which was
delivered in 1849, gave so full, so clear, and so
admirably arianged an exposition of the charac-
ter and progress of the work, that it not only
established the confidence of Congress in the en-
terprise, but also, by a wide distribution of printed
copies, served to enlighten the public mind on the
suljject, and to dnect favorable "attention to it as
well as to himself.
The Botanic Garden was another object of his
peculiar legard. That institution, which lias
brought the plants and trees of the tropics and
the remote parts of the earth to our doors, and is
so replete with curious, instructive, and interest-
ing objects of study and gratification, has grown
up under his personal superintendence and care.
He took much pleasure m and devoted much of
his time to its growth and improvement.
The Smithsonian Institution was another object
of his solicitude and care. In lb47, immediately
after its organization, he was appointed one of its
regents, and very soon afterwards was elected a
member of the executive committee, and after-
wards became its chairman, which office he con-
tinued to hold until the time of his death. He critic-
ally examined the will of the founder, and became
convinced tiiat the Institution was intended not
for educational puiposes, nor even to diffuse use-
ful knowledge, but for the higher and more special
purpose of increasing the sum of human knowl-
edge by new researches and explorations, and the
diffusion of the result of these among intelligent
men in all parts of the civilized world. In the dis-
cussions which occurred m 1854, as to the plan of
organization, he took a lively interest, and de-
fended, by an able and comprehensive speech, the
course which had been pursued by the regents in
carrying out the will of the testator under the law
of Congress authorizing the establishment. He
also made an elaborate report to the board of re-
gents on the distribution of the income of the
Smithsonian fund. He gave scrupulous attention
to the expenditures of the establishment, and, as
chairman of the executive committee, annually
examined every item of expenditure during the
whole year.
Mr. Pearce had great administrative and exec-
utive power, and an active judicial mind. Though
impatient of mere routine duty, yet in grasping
great principles, he was never unmindful of do-
tails. He was singularly familiar with the details
of the Government, as well as exact in his knowl-
edge of principles. Mr. Fillmore, in just appre-
ciation of these qualities, when he came to form
his Cabinet, appointed him Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and afterwards tendered him the appoint-
ment of judge of the United States court for the
district of Maryland, both of which places he de-
clined, preferring to remain in the position which
had been confided to him by the people of his own
State.
! Mr. Pearce, by his talents, sagacity, and his
j thorough knowledge of the Government, and of
1 public questions, was admirably fitted for a party
, leader, and his friends many tunes endeavored to
1 push him forward; but he shrunk from the mere
I contests of paity. And yet, when occasion re-
] quired it, he did not hesitate to bieak a lance with
| the most renowned champions, and always with
! credit to himself. If he did not always bear away
j the laurels of victory, his flag never trailed in token
J of defeat. But he had no taste for that kind of
; debate; and I venture to affirm, that in all the rec-
j ords of the two Houses no speech of his can be
found of a merely party character. He nevorspoke
but upon practical questions depending, and with
a view to influence then decision. He never made
a speech in either House for effect elsewhere,
and very rarely printed one for circulation even
among his friends. The public, evon his constitu-
ents, have no just idea of the extent and variety
of his labors. To be justly estimated, they must
be searched for through the ponderous records of
the two Houses for a period of more than a quarter
of a century.
He was not an ambitious man, in the ordinary
sense ©f that term. He had a just legaid for his
own chaiactet, and a becoming solicitude for his
own fame. H^ desired to bo useful, to labor for
his country, to benefit his race, and to possess the
good opinion of his cotcmpoiaries; but he had no
desire for the possession of moie power. The Pres-
idency had no charms for him. Atone period his
friends and many others thought that high dignity
was within his grasp, and he was urged to allow
himself to be placed in the way of it. This might
have been done withoutany change of opinion, the
least sacrifice of principle, or the slightest indeli-
cacy; but he steadily refused, and on the ground,
that its burdens were a too costly price to pay for
its honors.
Mr. Pearce was a member and a leader of the
Whig party. He was a firm believer in the con-
stitutional views and general ideas of policy which
distinguished that pai ty. U is believed he retained
these general views till his death. When that
party went down, and in 1856, when the contest
for the Presidency was between Mr. Buchanan
and Colonel Fremont^ the chances of Mr. Fill-
more being hopeless, he suppoi ted Mr. Buchanan,
in the vain hope of warding off the terrible sec-
tional conflict which has si ncc devastated the coun-
try; and from that period he acted with the Demo-
cratic party. He had a fearful apprehension of
the dangers to result from sectional controversy,
and more than once warned his countrymen of its
fearful and fatal consequences. His sympathies,
of course, were with ins section. He looked on a
dissolution of the Union as the most terrible na-
tional calamity. He early avowed that secession
was adverse to the Constitution, and that there
was no just cause for revolution; and he repeated
these opinions the last time his health permitted
him to occupy the floor of the Senate for any
length of time. He differed very widely from the
Admmistiation respecting the power of arrest; and
his last great speech was m defense of the libei ty
of the citizen, and against the power of the Pres-
ident to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
carpus. But his loyalty and devotion to the Gov-
ernment were beyond question. Among' the last
letters I received from him, was one in reference
to a paper quite widely circulated, with which my
name is connected, and which breathes in every
line sentiments of loyalty and Union, of which he
spoke in terms of laudation; and, to use his own
expression, adopted its sentiments and opinions
without an if or a but. He longed to see the
Union restored; and his last days were embittered
by the apprehension that it m^ht not be done.
In the intervals of relaxation from the public
service he devoted himself mostly to agriculture,
and was a most successful farmer. He took great
delight in the pursuit, and brought a farm, which
in my youth I have roamed over, noted for its bar-
renness, to be one of the most fertile and produc-
tiveestatesin Maryland. Annually he used togive
a farmers' dinner, at which his neighbors were
collected; and occasionally he gave to his fellow-
citizens the benefit of his knowledge of the science
and practice of agriculture in the form of a public
address.
His tastes were all refined, delicate, and elevated,
lie could not tolerate the gross, vulgar, or indel-
icate. He Loved the beautiful in whatever form
it appeared. He delighted in flowers; he was
charmed with music; the wild melody of birds
never failed to draw from him an expression of
pleasure. He contemplated works of art with
appreciative and discriminating judgment; was
devoted to the drama; and luxuriated in elegant
literature. In social intercourse he was without
a rival, so far as my observation goes. His rich
and varied learning; his thorough knowledge of
men and things; the quick and rapid evolutions of
his mind; his inexhaustible fund of incident and
anecdote of remarkable persons and periods; his
wit and humor; the natural and easy flow of hia
style, and his graceful and dignified manners,
never failed to fascinate all who were permitted to
enjoy his society.
IIo was a man of exalted virtue. He was in-
capable of an impure or mean action. He was
just in his dealings, truthful in every declaration,
faithful to every promise. During his whole life
he was never suspected, as far as I know or be-
lieve, of any impropriety involving his personal
honor. He passed through all the vicissitudes of
pubiiolifeand the struggles of party, without ever
having bis action ascribed to improper influences.
Pui ity of conduct was habitual with him—it per-
vaded his whole life, and in every relation. It
was my happiness long to enjoy his friendship
and correspondence. 1 have his familiar letters,
running through a period of over twenty years;
and I take pride in saying that, in all that inter-
course, there never was a word spoken or written
by him which,if published, would not increase
the public respect for his character, and supply
new pi oofs that he was a good as well as a great
man.
But the crowning glory of life was his death.
If the former was an example of incorruptible
virtue, which shames our faults and challenges
our emulation, his death is a triumphant proof
of the power and mercy of God, which to us who
survive is both a warning and aconsolation. Mr.
Pdauce died with the blessed assurance of a bliss-
ful immortality. I discovered last summer, while
he still was able to attend the Senate, that his
thoughts were being turned towards his own sal-
vation, though he never trusted himself to speak
1 to me directly on the subject. Shortly after he
' went home, he wrote to me that he felt the duty
and necessity of preparation for the change which
would come, sooner or later. The topic was al-
luded to in every letter as long as he was able to
write, and when he was too feeble for that, I was
kept informed of his condition and the state of his
mind through the correspondence of his son, who
| is a most excellent young man, and inherits, if we
I may judge by hU present promise, the mind and
J graces of his father. We cannot look into the
! hearts of men, and can only test their sincerity by
I their outward conduct; yet I feel warranted in
J expressing the belief that Mr. Pearce's faith was
: clear and unreserved, his repentance genuine and
I thorough, his hope strong and bright,"and grew
I stronger and brighter as death drew nearer. His
chief anxiety towards the close was that he might
live to exhibit his change of heart before the world,
and especially to his companions in the public
service. The day after his death, his son wrote
