1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
anything more than a total disability, so fur as we
adopt the system of pensions. If a man is totally
disqualified from earning a living we regard him
as totally disabled, and whether he is deprived of
the sight of his eyes or the use of his arms it
amounts in that point of view to precisely the same
thing in my judgment. If this were confined, if
I believed it could be confined to the cases of the
loss of eyes, I do not know that I should particu-
larly oppose it; but the next thing we shall hear
of will be, " a man has lost both his arms or both
his legs; it is a peculiar case; money cannot pay
for it, and we will make exceptions.'* It is very
easy to do it when we are dealing with the money
of others instead of our own. That is the simple
truth about it. Nobody can regret more than I
do the severe misfortune of this young man; but
he is an officer. Suppose he was a private; would
the Senators pay to a private who was injured in
that way the same amount? In the ranks of our
Army there are privates who are men of educa-
tion, men of character, every way equal and in
many cases very much superior to their officers;
and yet, because they happen to be privates, we
keep them down to a very low sum, while the
officer receives more. The argument that is ad-
duced for this bill will go to giving to every pri-
vate injured in this way a pension of twenty-five
dollars a month just as readily as it would to a
general officer. The aigument is precisely the
same, and the question comes back again to
whether we are to confine ourselves to the system
which we have adopted, or whether we are to
launch upon a mere speculation in the way of ex-
periment m individual cases? I think it very dan-
gerous, although I am very sorry to be obliged to
vote against it.
Mr. HOWE. I ought to say, perhaps, that
being a member of the Committee on Pensions,
from which this bill comes, 1 did not assent to the
increase of this pension. I have not seen a case
yet before the committee which I thought justi-
fied me m departing from the rule we cnacted into
a law at the last session of Congress. At the
same time i did not propose to make any opposi-
tion to the passage of this bill. I have a great
deal more sympathy with any individual case of
the kind than 1 possibly can have with the Gov-
ernment, in spite of myself;and if others can find
the conscience and take the responsibility to vote
the money out of the Treasury, I am not disposed
to quarrel with them about it. 1 did not feel just-
ified in voting for it, and shall not vote for it now.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROMOTION OF NAVAL OlTIFICEHS.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 541, to amend the bill known a<s the naval
grade bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL, I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to allow me to pursue the business
of yesterday, which was postponed then and has
been postponed this morning. It is a bill that has
to go to the House of Representatives; it is to
amend the Pacific railroad bili.
Mr. ARNOLD. I should like to oblige the
Senator from California, but that bill f know will
give rise to debate, and this will take but five
minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the mo lion of the oenatoi from Rhode Island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say to gentle-
men that I shall be compelled, at one o'clock, to
call up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ARNOLD. This bill will be through by
one o'clock, if I can get it up now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
541) to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
and equalize the grades of line officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy," approved July 16, 1862, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, k pro-
poses to repeal all the provisions of the act ap-
proved July 16, 186:3, which limit the authoiity
of the President to promote or put in the line of
promotion any officers or acting officers m the
naval service of the United States, or to extend
the time of their service on the active list, to those
officers who,upon therecommendationofthe Pres-
ident by name, have received the thanks of Con-
gress for highly distinguished service or for highly
distinguished or meritorious conduct in conflict i
with the enemy. The President of the United j
States, by and with the advice and consent of the I
Senate, is to have hereafter the same power to ap-
point or promote officers in the naval service of
the United States for distinguished service or mer-
itorious conduct as is now conferred upon the
'President after such naval officers have, upon his
recommendation, received the thanks of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be compelled to
oppose this bill, and therefore I hope it will lie
over, because I wish to take up the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ARNOLD. I do not think the Senator
from Maine would oppose the bill if he was aware
of the purpose for which it is offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
purpose is; but I think the bill is a very bad one.
Mr. ARNOLD. If the Senator had given as
much thought to it as the Naval Committee have
given, he would not oppose it. By the law, as it
now stands, a vote of thanks to a naval officer by
Congress carries with it promotion and ten years
longer upon the list, carrying him to seventy-two
years instead of sixty-two years of age. The pur-
pose of the bill is to enable us to pass votes of
thanks which shall be as votes of thanks were in-
tended to beoriginally,complimentary. They now
carry with them a consideration which leads naval
officers to desire them for other purposes than the
compliment which they were intended to convey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that, as the
law stands now, they get their regular promotion.
Mr. ARNOLD. But they get beyond that. As
the law now stands, a vote of thanks promotes a
man one grade immediately by the operation of
the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the law now stands,
I think Congress has a very decided check over
promotions for mere purposes of favoritism. That
is the difference, and that is to be taken away by
this bill.
Mi. ARNOLD. The Senator from Maine is
entirely mistaken in regard to the operation of
this bill. The second section rovers the case
which he suggests, and retains the power of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not examined it
thoroughly, and 1 should like to have it he over
in order to look at it. I may come to the same
conclusion as the Senator, but it takes me by sur-
prise now; 1 have not had time to examine the
bill; indeed, I have not had time to look at, it. I
move to postpone all prior orders for the purpose
of considering the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MCDOUGALL. I object to the motion
made by the Senator from Maine.
Mr, ARNOLD. I ask if the Senator from
Maine is in order in making that motion. I be-
lieve I have the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had the floor at the
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoic. Both Senators
were standing, and the Chair recognized the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. ARNOLD. I thought I had yielded to the
Senator from Main   as a matter of courtesy sim-
ply. I supposed I letained the floor.
_Thc PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
yields as a matter of courtesy or from any other
consideration, that Senator to whom the floor is
yielded is entitled to it and can make a motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Jf the Senator puts it on
the ground that 1 have improperly deprived him
of the floor, 1 withdraw my motion, and give him
an opportunity to conclude his icmarks; but as
soon as he concludes I shall renew it.
Mi. ARNOLD. I do not propose to debate
this bill now, because the morning hour has ex-
pired, and there is not time to consider it. The
Senator from Maine says that he wishes time to
read the bill and examine its provisions. He cer-
tainly labors under a misapprehension in regard
to it. I think when he has examined the bill he
will be satisfied that it is one which ought to pass
and which accomplishes the very object that he
thinks it does not accomplish; that is to say, a
limitation is held in the hands of the Senate over
the President to avoid promotions by favoritism.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BIOL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. [ renew my motion to
take up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to that, and wish
to move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill amending the law in reference to
the Pacific railroad. I wish to state that I have
been, for some ten days, persistently seeking by
the courtesy of the Senate to get this business
disposed of, either pro or con., and there is not a
chairman of a committee or any other person who
had business to present that I have not yielded
to. The bill to which I refer was up yesterday,
and is now fresh in the minds of the Senators, and
can be disposed of, I think, in the course of an
hour. Whatever-is done ought to be done prompt-
ly, because this is a Senate bill which has to go
to the House of Representatives for action there.
I trust the Senate will extend to us, if nothing
else, th% courtesy of considering that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that such
is the situation of business before the Senate that
1 deem it advisable, and in fact necessary, to dis-
pose of the Indian appropriation bill to-day if it
be possible, or at any rate to get through with it
as soon as we can. It is a bill that must be passed.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to remark that there
is one section of the bill to which the Senator from
California alludes, relative to the Pacific railroad,
that must be passed by the friends of that road, or
it will be impossible for the company to proceed;
atleastthey thinkso. I think the bill can be taken
up and disposed of in much less time than the Sen-
ator from California suggests. I know of no one
who desires to discuss "the bill at any length, or
further than to explain amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say that there
is one section in that bill—1 do not know whether
or not it is the one alluded to by the Senator from
Iowa—proposing to take off the limitation on the
delivery of the bonds, which I shall discuss,
Mr. IIARLAN. It was not that section to
which I referred. I alluded to the third section,
providing for the condemnation of land for the
i iglit of way.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that.
I do not wish to discuss that.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to state also that the
Committee on Indian Affairs have some amend-
ments that they desire to propose to the appropri-
ation bill, which will make it necessary, I think,
to postpone that bill until to-motrow. if it shall
be taken up we shall be compelled to suspend
action on it before taking a final vote. 1 think,
consequently, that the business of Congress will
be promoted by taking up the bill referred to by
the Senator from California, and disposing of it.
I think that perhaps it can be done in time to let
the appropriation bill also be taken up and some
progress made with it to-day. If the bill alluded
to by the Senator from California be acted on by
the Senate, it should be at a vety early period.
We have, I believe, but seven or eight days of
the session left. If that bill shall pass the Senate,
it will have to go to the House of Representatives,
and of course will have to be investigated there
to some extent. The postponement of it from day
to day will work its defeat, while a little delay
will not result in a defeat of the appropriation bill.
I cannot therefore but hope that the Senate will
sustain the motion which my friend fiom Cali-
fornia intends to submit if the Senate should not
agree to the motion to take up the appropriation
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that al-
though this appropriation bill may pass, it is a
very long bill, which has to be enrolled, and that
will take time. After this bill is disposed of, I
shall not have any other business before the Sen-
ate for a couple of days, and gentlemen can have
to-morrow and the next day for other bills, pro-
vided wo finish the appropriation bill to-day, and
I see no reason why we should noi substantially
finish it. I must insist that in my judgment it is
advisable to take up the bill and act on it.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest whether if the ap-
propriation bill be taken up, it cannot then be
hud aside temporarily in order to consider the rail-
road hill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to get through
with it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall insist upon the
taking up of the measure to which 1 have referred,
but that motion I understand can only be made
when the motion of the Senator from Maine has
been disposed of. 1 was authorized to report this
bill; it has been for some time reported, #nd is
lying on the tables ofSenators. I have called their
attention to it. I have yielded to the chairman of
