1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
every committee of the Senate, it is a Senate bill
that must be acted on promptly or it cannot be-
come a law. ,Jt is nocessary in order to perfect
the bill which wa« passed the last session by al-
most the unanimous vote of the Senate. Every
Senator knows that it is not necessary that the In-
dian appropriation bill bo acted upon to-day. It
has come from the House of Representatives,
having been acted upon in that body. Thu action
of the Senate can be had at any time. But every
member knows that it is difficult at this stage of
the session to getthrough the other House, owing
to the rules of that body, the best measure possi-
ble if it has just come from the Senate. Now, if
Senators are in favor of perfecting the bill of last
session, they should undertake it. It will take
but a short time, less time, perhaps, than I have
occupied in trying to get the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate must decide
the question.
The PRESIDENT yro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. McDOUGALL called for the ye&s and
nays, and they were ordered; and the vote being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, flams, Hender-
son, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Rice, Shcunnu,
Sumner, Ten JRyck, fiumbufl, Turpic. Wifmot, and \Vi;
son of Massachusetts—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Cartile, Davis, Hardin!*, llat
lan, IltokSj hatie of Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Ne.-imth,
Pomeioy, Powell. Tliehardson, SauUbury, Willey, and
VVilaon of MlaSOUll—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 731) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and foi; fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1864-
The bill was read.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out of the appropriations for
>ho Mmmirs of Kansas the following clause:
Foi rcnppropnation ot the sum of §16,268 84, being their
propomon oi the Mini of ,^3>S.0S(i 10.pail ot the permanent
annui'y of [luyabk tor the >caif tPol and lbJ>5, .is
P'm fttih aitiele of tie.m ol 5th of June. 16j1, earned to sur-
plus *und oOth June, l£,V>.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This pruv^iou in the an-
prop iaUon bill was inserted m the House of Rep-
resentatives after a discussion of the question in-
volved, and I think it was properly inserted. Mr.
Siiaj'&s, in the House of Representatives, offered
the amendment, to insert this clause from line four
hundred and twenty to line four hundred and
tweuty-nme on the eighteenth page, and a similar
amendment on the nineteenth page, from line four
hun li t <1 and thirty-six to line four hundred and
fourfv-four, for the Miamies of Indiana. Dy the
fifth article o{ the treaty with the M mimes, of June
5, 1S54, it i-s provided as follows:
It is herein iiinh'i-vtood anil agreed roepceiinj* the pei-
w *nciu ammitV ot .•••X.OOf), that tJie .wud Indians shall jc-
ceive the f>auie for tl" j e:u.i ending 185 land 1^5, and uo
longer "
The Miamics at thnt time went into a new treaty
with the Government of the United States, and
they made various releases: and one of the eon-,
federations upon winch they made the releases
was that an annuity of $25,000 a year should be
paid for those two yeais. This two years annu-
ity has never been patd. The money was oncc
appropriated, but for some reason or other it was
not paid by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Time passed on and the appropriation lapsed, and
the money went bark into the Treasury. The
question came up in the House of Representatives
upon a resolution ofthe Hou^e, which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary of that body to
ascertain whether the money was due. They re-
ported that it wns due, and upon full discussion
m the House the amendment was adopted insert-
ing these provisions. I have no doubt that the
money is due to the Indians, and should be paid
in order to eairy out the provisions of a treaty;
and that neitluu thitf amendmrnt of the Finance
Committee on the iMghtecpth page, nor the one on
the nineteenth page, ought to 1)'* adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN.v The Committee on Fi-
nance had no sort of information laid before them at
the time they repotted the amendment strikingout
thisclause. 'The debate in the other House had not
been published in the Globe, and we were unable
to find out what were the icasona which induced
the House to adopt these provisions which were
not included in the estimates. I have since seen
the debate, and I confess that, so far as I am in-
dividually concerned, I am unable to answer the
argument upon the strength of which ttie House
of Representatives adopted the amendment in-
serting this provision. The only explanation
which was given why this money was not paid at
the time was that Mr. Manypenny, who was the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, refused to pay
it for some reason or other. That reason was not
given. I confess that the language of the treaty
looks very clear to me, and the fact that they have
not been paid seems to be unaccounted for. On
that mere statement, I suppose the appropriation
to be right. I am content, so far as I am con-
cerned, to have the amendment rejected by the
Senate; but as I understand the Committee on In-
dian Affairs request that the bill go over until to-
morrow, in order to consider some amendments
which they propose to offer, I should be very
glad if that committee would look into the mat-
ter a little fui ther, and satisfy themselves whether
there is any reason for this money not being paid.
If they arrive at the conclusion that the money
should be paid, I shall be content for myself to
!et the amendment go.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out the foi-
, lowing clause fiom the appropriations for the Mi-
j amies of Indiana:
i Fot renppropt lauon of the sum of $19,811 26,being their
J proportion of the sum ot'£36?0S0 10, part of the permanent
( annuity of $25,000 pa}able lor the jean T854 and 1855, as
] per fluh aiiuic ot tieaty of 5th Juno, 1854, earned to the
i buipliN lund 30th June, 1855.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. If one goes, the other
should.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was after line eleven hundred and thirty-
two to insert the following clause:
For the general incidental expenses oi the Indian service
In "New Me.xieo, present* of am ieultur<d implements, and
othoi useful nrtu le<. and to as-i-l thorn to jocate in peuna-
nent abodes, ami sustain themselves by the pursuits ot civ-
ilized 1 ne, to he expended uiuh'i ihe dm-euun of the Secie-
t.uy oi the liiteju>r.
Ml. FESSENDEN. With lefereneo to this
amendment, I feel hound to state to the Senate,
if Senators present will give me their attention,
precisely how the question stands, in order to hear
particularly from the members of the Committee
on Indian Affairs what they may think about it.
An appropriation to a large amount—the amount
of $>50.000—was recommended in the estimates to
be annhed for the purposes which ore here set
j forth; and it was stated to mo by the Delegate
| from New Mexico that, on his motion, it wos
1 adopted by the Committee of the Whole in the
i ilou^e of Representatives, but was afterwards acci-
j dentally tat her, owing to its escaping his attention
j when the bill got into the House, negatived. On
j looking at the fact of the recommendation and the
j statements made by the Delegate from New Mex-
ico us to the necessity of the thing, the Commit-
tee on Finance came to the conclusion that an ap-
propriation of some amount should be made, and
theiefoie airiecd to appropriate for this purpose
ihe sum of ^30,000. On looking at the debate,
however, since, and on conversing with members
of the Committee of Ways and Means, I find that
this was considered in the Committee of Ways
and Means and iejected, although similar appro-
! pnations had been made heretofore. There are a
j very large number of Indians in New Mexico;
! and for the reason that we have uo tieaties with
' those Indians, it has been uither in the nature of
j a contribution bv the Government, in presentsand
j othei wise, to keep them quiet, for the benefit of
/the pr ople in that section nf country; but the Com-
' mittee uf Wjys and Means rejected this specific,
j appropunnon, and instead of that inserted thcop-
. ptoppation which will be found in the last clause
' ofthe bill, beginning at line thirteen hundred and
i eighteen:
| Foi intercourse with ihe various Indian tribe* between
1 whom and the United State-* theiu exist no tieatv Mipul.i-
1 tions, including purchase and tran-pninuion of piovi>ious
! and pie>ents, and to meet any other expense-! requisite to
1 effect tieatie-. with Mieh tribe-, to bv expended under the
duect.on ofthe ^ceicuiiy ot the Intend, 9*>0,00Q,
The Senate will perceive that $50,(100 are appro-
priated there for general purposes, and it was the
intention of the Committee of Ways and Means
that that $50,000 should be placcd at the disposal
of the Department to meet all similar purposes-
connected with the Indians with whom we had,
110 treaties. On calling the attention of the Dele-
gate from New Mexico to it, however, he said
that that was exclusively confined to making trea-;
ties, and there was no object in making treaties,
with the Indians ofNew Mexico; we do not pro-
fess to buy their lands or have anything to do
with them in that line, and therefore it would not
be applicable. 1 do not so read it exactly, though
perhaps the language may admit of that construc-
tion, unless yon connect the two provisions to-
gether. The language is:
For intercoms with the various Indian tribes between
whom iuul the United States there exist no treaty stipula-
tions, including purchase and transportation of provisions
and presents, ami to meet any other expenses requisite to
efleet tieaties with sudi tribes.
Unless the previous clause is governed by tha
word "other," which I suppose was not really
intended, it is not confined to making treaties. {
suppose it is perfectly within our competency to
strike out the word " other," and then leave the
Department §50,000 to expend as they think ne-
cessary. It would then read:
Foi intercourse with the vai ions Indian tribes between
whom and the Cuited States there exist no treaty stipula-
tions, including purchase and transportation of provisions
and presents, and to meet any expenses requisite to effect
treaties with such tribes, &e. w
Tlmt, however, would seem to be giving a gen-
eral power to make treaties with any tribes the
Department saw fit to make them with. But if
that $50,000 was intended to cover any part of this
particular case, and can be so worded by the Sen-
ate that it will meet the object, it would seem to
me to be rather unnecessary to appropriate the
§30,000 for the specific use of the Indians ill New
Mexico.
I make these explanations in order that the
Committee on Indian Affairs, who are familiar
with these matters, may give the Senate their
opinion upon the two clauses as they stand. The
object of our committee was simply to do justice.
If'both sums are not needed, it is hardly worth
while lo appropriate them.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, on looking into the bill as it first came
from the House of Representatives, found that in
the Territories of Nevada, Utah, and Colorado,
where we lmve no treaties with the Indians, there
is for each of these Territories appropriated the
fum of $23,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the superintendent of Indian affairs there,
with a view to keep the peace among the Indians,
to make presents of agricultural implements,&c.,
and for geneial incidental expenses. It was the
opinion of that committee that nil of these Ter-
ritories ought to be put upon about the same foot-
ing, and that the same appropriation should be
made for each; but when the bill was reported to
the Senate by the Committee on Finance, finding
that an appropriation of $30,000 was reported for
New Mexico, they have not since that time had
the subject particularly undei consideration. But
the lost clause, in the bill, to which the Senator
from Maine icfeis, is a subject that has been under
the consideration of the committee, and they have
proposed to amend it. I suggest, therefore, that
this question as to New Mexico, together with
the question of the amendment of the last clause
of the bill, lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN". 1 have no objection.
M r. DOOLITTLE,. There are two oi- three other
amendments, however, offeied by the Committee
on Finance, which may, perhaps, be taken up
anil disposed of now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment proposed by the committee on page
48.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that that be passed
over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an error. Itwas
not intended. 1 do not know how it came to be
so printed. It may have been an error of our
clerk or an eiror of the printer. The Committee
on Finance did not recommend to strike out those
words on the forty-eighth page. They concurred
in t hose appropriations. Tile appropi iadon is not
as it stood originally in the estimates; an addition
has been made of some ten thousand dollars for
northern California in the House of Represent-
atives, but the Committee on Finance did not think
it worth while to move an amendment to it, as it
had been there deliberately decided; and if an
