1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
minded republican Representative. For all these
classes of our fellow-citizens I wish to pay the
tribute of their respect for his character and public
services, and to express their profound sorrow for
his death.
Mr. Speaker, when the storms of passion had
prostrated the assembled Representatives in both
Halls of this Capitol, lie stood, amid the few, firm
and erect. Broken in health, his vital powers
almost exhausted, he yet marched up with the
remnantof his life to the side of the bleeding Con-
stitution of "his country, and gave the latest efforts
of his public life to sustain it. He did all that a
public man could do here to support the para-
mount authority of the Constitution, and to op-
pose and defy the exertions of arbiuary power.
I remember with infinite pleasure, and repeat it
here with delight, that one of the last efforts of
his public service was a noble speech vindicating
his oppressed fellow-citizens of Maryland against
the criminal and cruel oppressions under which
they were then suffering. I remember how his
heart, the seat of his fatal disease, pulsating with
a noble enthusiasm and sympathy for them, and
beating too warmly, denied him the utterance, of
speech and compelled him to retire from the Sen-
ate and seek the quiet of his chamber; and well
do I rememberanothermostgiatifyinginstancc of
his spirit of liberty. It was my duty, as a Rep-
resentative of the State of Maryland, to take coun-
sel of his experience in one of the rooms of the
Capitol, touching an atrocious and unparalleled
outrage on the judiciary of the State, by dragging
from the bcnch an honored, eminent, and faithful
magistrate, scattering his blood upon the ermine,
arid well nigh taking his life by the hands of armed
ruffians; and I can never forget the glow of indig-
nation that kindled his eye and swelled hi« breast
at the recital of the facts. The excitement was
too strong for his enfeebled frame, and ho sunk
under the exhaustion of his own noble enthusiasm.
If ho could do no more to vindicate the authority
of the Constitution of his country than he did ac-
complish, it was because he was denied the power
to do it by the prostration of his vital functions
and the unheeding passions that prevailed. Tne
worthless tenement of llesh could not support the
struggles of its undying guest. Sir, he felt that it
was his duty to pi event and redress, and not invite
or provoke, the further aggicssions of a reckless
tyranny. He so stated his views to me.
Mr. Speaker, let no ad vocate of unlicensed power
dare claim an approbation of his views because
this eminent Senator did not wrestle more con-
spicuously with arbitrary power in the Halls of
Congress; nor let any complaining victim of
power question the mtegiity or the noble devotion
of his services in their behalf; nor let any self-
applauding martyr of liberty attempt to dim the
lusterof his fame; but let these,and oil ofus, draw
from the contemplation of his life on this solemn
'occasion instruction that mav be salutary. Let
us learn from the moderation and fidelity of his
character to admire m our public places and seek
those duties which look to conciliation, compro-
mise, and concord. Let no wrongs suffered, no
resentment fixed m our breasts, move us from the
discharge of these sacied duties; bullet us try,
through the common suffeiing that afflicts the land,
to walk out fiom the dominion of passion, puri-
fied, redeemed, regenerated, and disenthralled.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that, speaking from my
heart, as I ought to speak on an occasion like this,
I trespass not on the bounds which ought to be
observed in discussing the viitucs of an eminent
statesman. I must speak now, sir, as I feel.
While commending to public praise and rcspect
the memory and services of this distinguished
man, I must be allowed to desenbe him as one
who, having sworn to support the Constitution of
his country to the latest moment of his life, and
through every tiial kept the faith of that obliga-
tion to his Maker and his fellow-citizens. He
rests now near the banks of the Chesapeake. The
flowers, which the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky described so beautifully as surround-
ing his grave, are symbols not only of iiis taste,
but also of his immortality. And may we not trust,
too,that the blossoms and fruits which opened and
adorned his life here will also be more gloriously
unfolded m a higher and brighter sphere.
Mr. Speaker, while we deplore the loss of such
public characters as his in this time of our na-
tional afflictions, may we not inquire why, in the
inscrutable decrees of Providence, those gifted,
experienced, and good men, whose lives were
consecrated to the public service and to the wel-
fare of their fellow-men, are removed from us?
We cannot presume to penetrate the mysteries of
divine wisdom. We must accept those provi-
dential lessons as teaching us that the cup of our
adversity is not yet full,and as solemnly admon-
ishing us that passion is perhaps yet longer to
have its sway. But are we not authorized to call
upon those ascended statesmen who, like him,
have passed from earth, all those great and good
men who had devoted their lives and talents to
establish and maintain the principles embodied
in our Constitution, which not only form the bond
of our union, but which are higher and infinitely
more priceless than it; those principles of civil
liberty which form the foundations on which the
whole fabric of the happiness of man under every
form of free government rests ? May we notex-
pect,I repeat, that the spirits of the great statesmen
who formed this noble structure of our Govern-
ment, and those who came after them and sup-
ported its pure and faithful administration—ay,
sir, and the thousands of citizens whose souls
have gone from ensanguined battle-fields, will be
assembled witnesses at the bar of heaven, plead-
ing the cause of their bleeding country,and that
the Almighty Ruler of all nations, responding in
his good time, will send down his angel of peace
among us? Such, sir, is my devoted prayer.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, it may be said
that the touch of death dissolves the form and fig-
ure with which man, in artificial life, is clothed,
and reduces him to his baie essential self; stups
him to his unclothed individuality, so that, for
once, he is estimated for what he is, disconnected
from all that ever pertained to him. It matters noth-
ing whote the journey began; on what mountain
or in what valley; nothing at all through what re-
gions lus path conducted him, and still less what
he gathered or scattered by the way; he lies down
at the end empty-handed, naked, and alone, the
type of all the living, and thepcerof all the dead.
It avails nothing how he was estimated in life;
through what mists he was seen, how lauded or
how decried; the simple man lies before you now,
and the unaided soul instinctively estimates him
at his value; an awful and inevitable ordeal. What
a grand monarch is death; and how his subjects
are hallowed and elevated bv the touch of his scep-
ter. What lines of softened beauty ittiacesupon
changeless faces, while the angels of chanty hide
with their wings the harsh lineaments, and vail the
unlovable memories. And how, too, the living
are changed, as they reveiently enter his silent
couit. Folly and pride, passion, ambition and its
meeds, hate and its prejudices, die within us,and
leave justice, truth, and mercy to speak; and so
thedead livingcontcmplate the living dead. And
so come I, the living descendant of the Puritan
pilgrims, into the presence of thedead descendant
of the Cavaliers, to speak, if I may, a fitting word
over him.
Springing from these antipodal sources, edu-
cated in opposite schools of politics that had come
to be intolerant, and coming from sections that
had grown into hostility, with disparity of years,
and neither disposed to lay asado the mental habit
of a lifetime, the incidents of this queer congres-
sional life threw the departed and myself for many
months together. That intercourse taught me,
at least, how much of political hatreds and en-
mities, of party strifes that shake a continent, and
of sectional animosity that threatens to dismember
it, are due to the prejudice that cannot see, the
ignoianee that will not know, and tho bigotry that
does not allow for differences m education, habit of
thought,and all the smroundingsthat impregnate
the atmosphere of social life, moral training, and
political sentiment. I also came to know that true
nobleness of soul, purity of heart, elevation of
sentiment, and the refined cultivation of the gen-
tlest humanities of our best nature, might find
their amplest home in a phase of our civilization
not, as I supposed, the most favorable to their
growth, showing, at least, the native richness of
the nature in which they grew. If I sometimes
fancied that some one of these qualities found ex-
pression in an unwonted way incident to a warm
and generous temper, 1 knew that—
"Like sunshine broken in a nil,
Though gone asnay, 'twas sunshine still."
Of the Senator I may not speak. The- repre-
sentatives of the States, his peers, his brothers,
friends, and rivals, circling around an eippty chair,
have done that fittingly and well; while the Rep -
resentatives of the people on this floor have adde4
more than was needful to his chaplet a$£ states-
man and jurist. Life-long friends, whose elo-
quence was made touching with individual sorrow,
have recounted a career long familiar to the coun-
try; enumerated his high qualities; have shown
us a crowncd sovereign State mourning for her
dead, and pointed us to thatspeechless circle which,
bereffrof its sun and center, sits in a darkened s<?rr
row, that makes it sacred from ourgaze. I speak
only the impressions which many months of daily
association with him produced. His was a high.,
ardent, impulsive nature, enlarged and generous.,
t« which an early and thorough culture had
opened out its thousand avenues for exercise and
development. A mind vigorous and enriched
with liberal studies, an imagination stored with
the pictured dreams of old romance, and the
quick, subtle, and appreciative power of detecting
the often unseen lines of beauty in art or nature,
it was his fortune to have spent his life on this
great focal stage of the nation, and to have daily
lived and breathed, to have been part and parcel
of the momentous times and things of which other
men only hear and read. I attempt no analysis
of the influences, or their effects upon the charac-
ter of public men incident to the unnatural and
stimulating official life in this capital, strange and
striking as they appear to eyes first admitted to
the charmed circle. Most men are metamorphosed
by them.
It was the fortune of the departed Senator to have
mixed and mingled for twenty-seven years; to have
been the peer and familiar associate of Presidents
and Senators, Cabinet ministers, and royal embas-
sadors; to have been the flattered companion of the
great men, and the valued acquaintance of the
noble and beautiful women that have crowded the
boards in the great, strange, and varied national
drama ever being enacted, and upon which the
cuitain never descends, at this capital. And yet,
to mc, he seemed to have preserved the original
elements of his nature in their primal strength.
There was the same generous impulse; the same
lighting up of the face at the mention of a noble
act; the quick sympathy with misfortune; the
word of commiseration for the deserving; and the
withering denunciation and sarcasm for every-
thing mean or ungenerous. Hasty words have I
j heard, but unmanly or ungenerous never. And
! I never heard his tongue profaned with the ribald
j blasphemy of the name of woman, that pollutes
; the hps of so many of the younger men of our
j generation. He had found time, too, for the de-
I veU>pment of those rare and refined tastes and pur-
i suits not always thought compatible with exclu-
sive public life, and incident to an older stage of
civilization than that to which, as a nation, we have
attained. He had that nice and detective sense,
born of a poetic temperament, that recognized
the beautiful wherever it dwelt, whether in the
harmony of sounds, the tinge and perfume of a
flower, or the breathing forms that meet us in life.
His long and intimate association with the lead-
ing men of his time; his appreciation of charac-
ter and memoiy of incidents, with his graphic and
dramatic power of description, often rendered his
conversation, always remarkable, a series of living
pictures, sometimes in good-natured caricaturc,
often strongly sketched, and oftenei mellowed and
softened by the regretful memory of the artist.
Mr. Pear.ce was a native of that proud south-
ern land; proud of that land, and proud of his
nativity; and that land may well recognize and
mourn him as one of the noblest outgrowths of its-
stimulating soil.
To him, and to others like him, this war of re-
bellion was more than it can be to us of the more
| favored northern States. To us it is a threat of
the dismemberment of our country and thedestruc-
tion of our Government, which we may redeem
by telling down the price in the rich red drops of
our own and our children 'sblood. AH this, dread-
ful as it is, was the war to him, and infinitely
more. Loyalty to the Union, by which he stood,
was treason to the friendships and cherished asao-
| ciationa, the memories, hopes, and aspirationsof
i a lifetime; and success to either party would be,
1 in some sort,adisastcrthathisheartmustmourn.
■ God help soulsso sorely tried. To him was given
