1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24t
amendment to that effect was reported from our
committee it was reported erroneously. The
brackets on pa^e 48 should be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
done, and these clauses will stand as a part of the
text.
Mr. LATHAM. Do I understand that thisbill
is to be laid aside now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are oneor two other
little amendments I should like to have acted on.
Mr. POMEROY. I will call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to what
arems to bo an omission, not on his part, hut on
the part of the Committee of Ways and Moans.
I do not see anything at all in regard to the eon-
federated bonds in Kansas, the Wens, the Kas-
kaskias, Peorias,and Piankeshaws. They have
regularly an annuity; they have got $300,000 in
our hands, but they are not even mentioned in the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We did not examine it
in reference to that. We simply examined the
bill through, to see ]f we could find that the bill
was according to the estimates furnished by the
Department. Our attention was not called to any
omissions.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the Senate will have their at-
tention called to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to my
colleague that { haveabili herefiotn the Committee
on Indian Affairs providing for selling $25,000 of
the bonds of the State of Pennsylvania for those
confederated tribes, and I have had that bill recom-
mitted to the Committee on I ndian Aflairs fin the
purpose of having it reported from that committee
as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I knew of that measure, hut
it does not meet the ease. It maybe a very good ,
measure lor the Government, perhaps, to sell some !
of the bonds belonging to those Indians for tem-
porary relief; but there is a deposit with this G«>\
eminent of money belonging to the tubes, and j
their treaty requires thai the interest shall be paid
to them annually, and it is enLnelv omitted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps those are some j
of the bonds that were stolen.
Mr. POMEROY. Rut by act of Congress last
year those bonds were assumed by the Go vein-
men t.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The bonds are not
stolen ; but the money, contrary to treaty .stipula-
tions with these tribes, was invested in the bonds
of the seceded States, and the interest of eoui se is
not paid. The Senate last year, on the application
of tin; Senator ft om M innesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,!
refused to assume the payment of the interest ot
those bonds, very much to my surprise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That piohahiy, then, is
the reason why if, was left out by the House of j
Representatives. They probably have taken the
same ground theie, that there is nothing to pay
thorn out of.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest, then, that this
measure of taking the only State bonds these tribes
have, that are good for anything, the Pennsylva-
nia bonds, which it is proposed to sell, is not be- j
fore the Senate now, but will be considered when ;
it isbefoie the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit'
tee on Finance propose an amendment, on page ^
53, to insert under the head of "Ottawa Indians >
of Blanchard's Fork and Roche do Bccuf," after '
line twelve hundred and eighty-nine:
For tlic fir t of four installment-? in money, per fourth ar
tlcic of treaty Jnne 2-1, 1802, •Sc'.aOO
F< r interest on $3-1,000, at nvp n<'t cent, per tmiuin, per >
fourth ailicit; of tie,uy Juno 24, ltitW, $1,700.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. DOQL1TTLE. 1 now move that this bill !
lie over until to-monow at one o'clock, that the
Committee on Indian Affairs may be prepared to '
offer all their amendments at once. * ;
The motion was agieed to. :
ItAILKG VD TO THE PACIFIC. >
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take up Senate bill ;
No. 439, to amend the Pacific lailroad bill. j"
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As the colleague of]
the Senator is not in, 1 desire to take up a bill I
which I think we can pass in a few moments— i
the bill enabling the people of Colotado to form i
a State constitution, and to be admitted into the j
Onion. 1
Mr. LATHAM. I will not give way for that
motion. My colleague is in the building, and will
be here before even the amendments can be read.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I see that the Sena-
tor's colleague is in now. 1 will not press my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 439) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegiaph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1, 1862, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Pomeroy tQ the amendment
reported by the select committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to modify the amend-
ment by the change of one word. In the third
line I move to strike out the word " military''and
inset t " \ oluntai y
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will he mad'-1.
Mr. POMEROY. [ moved this amendment
yesterday with the concurrence mainly of the
committee, for the sake of facilitating the con-
struction of the road. 1 desiie now to modify the
amendment by inserting the words " written or"
before the word "primed" in the fourth line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas will he so mod-
ified; and it will he read, as modified.
The Secretary read, as follows:
iicott as an additional M-otinn .
Sec —. .'hul hr il luilhcr enacted. That the sani com-
pany i~ hen bv authot :zed r<> enl:-t labours lot the eon-
.stiuetiiiu ot r-.tnl mat!, unilei a voluntary oi^un^ation. with
pen.'llie> I< i (1- - el I io;i ot c!'', ntlr. being stipulated in the
uitttenoi punted auiele^ ol eidi-tmrnt, ami to edvariee
llineiifMHi ihe en-t ut'it.in^jvh tin:: -ai'i lahon'M to ihe line
of i-.ud rn.id; \vhi< li <ufj' It <>1 < allotment, and the l"orf< it-
ine>aiul pen.diie^ -npnlatcd flu tein. bennj iir^ f approved
and -auctioned a, o-a-onahie ami jti-a hv ihe ['resident and
Attorney G'-neia! of'the ('int"d si.iu>. "-hall be \ali-1 and
binding upon all puue<«. and s-h« ll he maintained and <'n-
Iom.m J hy me coin t- and tmluaiy toices ot ihe United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I wili say to the Senate that
I think this amendment will facilitate the con-
struction of the toad. I have looked over all the
amendments proposed hy the committee to the
bill of last yeai, and while t think some of them
are very good,and while I shall perhaps vote for
them all, I do not repaid them as mateual. The
one to whieh the Senator fioni Iowa refenvd, in
reference to condemning and i^ettingtitle to lands,
I think the most impoitant of anv. That is not
peifeclly provided fot in t h'k oi urum! bill; but, as
I have said, I do not regard the propositions ofthe
committee as very essentia! or vi ry vital. The
question is, how to build tin; road and how to
build it speedily. Nothing is more apparent to
evei y mcmberof the Senate than that if any com-
pany undoi take to build this road and protract it
(hiongh a long series of years, it destroys them,
it breaks them up. No uonipany can build it un-
less they build it ape* dily. Tho.se who have had
experience in public worksof this character know
that to commence and to suspend, to commence be-
fore they £et ready, fo commence without money,
without facilities, without enlarged and national
credit,as a company of this character must have,
is only to commence and then to stop, to drag its
slow length along and finally to bn ak up.
1 wish to^nard.if possible, against every con-
tingency of that kind; and when this great work
is commenced I want to secuie beyond a doubt
its eailv completion. Tim provision which has
ive.t spoken of, and which is p'gardod in some
quartets es irrv important, which provides for
taking those bonds that hav^ been sequestered or
saved to the (Jovernmei.t, and having them ex-
pended as the load is built, instead of b'Mng re-
servtd, 1 do n-it think is so \erv important. 1
shall vote i<-c U; but suppose you could have ail
the bonds as fast ss you built one mile, U.ev would
not bui'd the icad, That is not the way roadsare
built. 1 do not think it would huu the budding
of tliis road if every bond was saved to the Gov-
ei-am^nt un'ul the whole road w built. Th'^ road,
if built at all, must be built by a concentiation of
capital, perhaps in larger amounts than can be
obtained in tins country. It is to be built by
pledging construction bonds, and those construe-
turn bonds must be equal in amount to any con-
tingency that may arise, and they must be depos-
ited in some centers of the money maiketsofthe
world where they can be taken and used; and
undeilymg those construction bonds must be the
pledge of every bond the Government is to give,
must be the pledge of public lands, must be the
pledge of everything that the road has now or is
to have prospectively. I say these construction
bonds will build this road if underlying them are
the bonds of the Government saved to the Gov-
ernment perhaps until the road is built or half
built; that is not material; that i& not a point es-
sential in this case. The essential point is to have
the Government bonds so stcuied to the company
beyond a doubt, that they shall give charaeterand
credit to the construction bonds, to ha ve the lands
secured, to have the right of way, and everything
made so easy and so perfect in the hands of this
company that beyond contingency they shall be
able to build the road. Suppose these construction
bonds were taken in Etuope, and a fund should
he accumulated there to build this road, the com-
pany could realize enough on the exchange to-day
to put the iron on the road. Exchange between
this country and Europe is at a premium of more
than seventy cents on the dollar, pet haps eighty.
At any u\te, the premium on the exchange would
be more than all the Government aid. I would
rather have the construction bonds of this com-
pany taken in London oi some market of Europe
than to have all the aid the Government gives
them, simply and solely because on the exchange
alone 1 could make enough to put the iron on the
road. Therefoie I say the other amendments are
not of very great importance, because the great
quesiion is how to give the construction bonds of
this company character in the money markets of
the world.
I have oll'eted this amendment to secure to the
company labor, because I believe the other pro-
visions can protect the character of the bonds.
After they have secured their credit and money,
the next thing is to get labor. Now, I submit to
members of the Senate, to gentlemen practically
conversant with the work of constructing rail-
roads or any other public improvements, where
is the labor to be <rot, setting aside the question of
money, which I have shown is doubly valuable
to us in Europe to what it is deposited in this
country; one dollar deposited there is worth a
dollar and eighty cents heic, and can be made
available here in that ratio. As I said, the ex-
change would more than equal all the aid the Gov-
ernment i\ e.s pn he j in bonds oi land, and I would
rather have the benefit "f that exchange thane vet y-
thmg el.se combined to build this road; and if we
lose this opportunity of securing it, I think we
lose the golden opportunity to construct the road.
But I was saving that the next thing is to get
labor. 11ow will you get that tabor? You can-
not get it in this country. Every laboring man
here that can bo teasonably spared is eitherm the
ranks or   hanger-on of the Army, either a team-
stei, a laborer, a contiactor, or a soldiei. The
labor of this country is taken up, and no com-
pany conu mplating a woik of this magnitude
would think of going into the labor markets of
this country for then-labor. What have I pro-
posed in this amendment ? 11 is to allow this com-
pany, while they may get their mom y abroad, to
get also their labor abioad. Every discreet busi-
ness man will at once perceive that if the com-
pany enlist th'-ir labor m Europe they must have
some security that when that labor arrives here,
when they have been at twenty or thirty dollars
expense to take the laborers out on the road, they
shall hav-i the use ofthe labor at least long enough
to reimburse them for then* expense.
There is another view of the question which I
want to commend to S« nators who have contem-
pla'ed the subject. I have had correspondence
with gentlemen fioni abioad iclatiug to this very
subp'ct. Since the passage of the homestead bill
there is a very gieat anxiety on the part of large
numbers oi'Gi rmans. Swedes, Irish men, and other
people in Europe, by 5ome means or other to
plant themselves down upon our pubhc domain.
Our acr^s are broad, our valleys are rich,nu." ikies
are mild. These people have been shut .tp in
cities, confined in factories, for generation to gen-
eration, and there seems to be no hope for them
in the future. They cannot lay up enough in ad-
vance to get themselves to this country. There is
a bill now pending in the House of Representa-
