1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$100,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, nut of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purpose of carrying out these resolutions.
The Committee on IncRan Affairs reported it
with an amendment, to strike out all of the ori-
ginal joint resolution,and to insert the following in
lieu thereof:
Whereas the See-sce toan, Wali-pay-toan, Med-ay-wa-
kati-toan, and Wn-pay-koo-tan bands of Sioux or Dakota
Indians have, by their muiderous attacks foi yeai-s upon the
citizens of the United States, in violation of their expiess
treaty stipulations, abrogated and annulled all existing trea-
ties between the said Indiana, 01 any portion of them, and
the United States, and iiave lorfeited all light, title,inter-
est, and right of occupancy in and to the extensive resions
of terutory licretofoic loft in their po^ses^ion, and to all in-
terests, annuities, and claims due, or to become due, under
and by virtue of the provisions of any existing tieaties:
Therctorc,
Be it ievolved by the Senate awl House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congas assembled, That
all treaties heretofore nude and entered into b\ the said In-
dians, oi any poiuon ot thnn, with the United ritatoe, aie
hereby declared to he abiogated and annulled ; «ind that The
President of the United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to declaieail JaiuK, lights of occupancy,
annuities, and rlanns heietofore aceoided to said Indians,,
or any of them, forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlndhc Ufurthei resolved. That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to cause measures to he {.ikon
to remove the said Indians from the State of Minnesota,
and to locate them upon some terutory fai Iroin white set-
tlements, under suchiegulatioiisas maj be provided b\ l.iw.
Mr. HALE. Mr- President, 1 know that it is
a very ungracious task to interpose a word in be-
half of the Indians at this time, when the whole
countiy has been excited by their atrocities and
murderous barbaii ties, and more especially by the
eloquent exhibition of them that has been hereto-
fore made by the Senator from Minnesota. Hut
still there is something- due to the justice and the ;
dignity of a great nation dealing with a feeble, j
ignorant, and savage tribe; and 1 would suggest. !
whether it would not better comport with that ,
justice which this nation should e\er cherish to-
ward all nations, and more especially toward
feeble, weak, and dependent tubes, that there
should be some tribunal established or instituted
which would give an appearance of a judicial in-
vestigation before pronouncing the sentence which
is to annul the treaty stipulations of the Govern-
ment with them. It strikes me that Congress, at
• a time when our sensibilities are so excited by the
recital of the outrages of these Indians, is hardly
the tribunal that is competent to do justice to such
a case; and it seems to me that it would be more
in accordance with what is due to the propiiety
of things to have some tribunal instituted which
would allow these men, whose ngh ts are proposed
to be annihilated, to have something approaching
a judicial hearing before we condemn them.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, this reso-
lution, which was introduced by my colleague,
merely declares,as docs the amendment reported
by the committee, a plain principle of law: that
the act of war on the part ot any people on another
annuls and abrogates the existing treaties between
them. An essential part of the tieaty stipulations
of these Indians was to keep the peace with the
people of the United States. They have violated
that stipulation; and therefore by this tesohUion
we simply declare the recognized principle of law
which 1 have stated. If we should get into a dif-
ficulty with Great Britain, I do not suppose we
should have a court established to tiy the case and
see whether the English Government had violated
the treaty stipulations existing between the two
nations. 1 do not imagine that would be the prac-
tice; but I suppose Congress would make a similar
declaration to that contained in this joint resolu-
tion.
There is no violation nor disregard of the rights
of the Indians in this resolution. Although thr.ir
reservations are declared to be forfeited, we do not
deem it necessary to go any further in this meas-
ure than merely to declare the existence of n h iral
proposition: that our treaties with those Indiana
are abrogated by their actb, and all their annuities
and reservations aie forfeited to the Government.
There are bills which have been carefully drawn
up by the Secretary of the lnteiim, atid are now
before the Committee on Indian A Hairs, upon
which the committee will report favoiably, pro-
viding for selling out their n servations, and for
the removal of the Indians, and for fixing them as
comfortably as they can be established with their
wild and savage nature. That is all there is
about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will suggest to my hon-
orable friend from Minnesota, as the question of
the dealings of the Government with the Minne-
sota Indians on the bills to which he refers is still
in committee, that the subject be Set apart for some
particular day, when we can ask the attention of
the Senate to it in ail its details. This is too im-
portant a measure to be disposed of in a morning
hour. Some day next week may be agreed upon
when by oommon consent the Senate will take up
the whole subject, which involves the annulling
of their treaties, the paying of damages to the
people of Minnesota out of the funds that belong
to the Indians, and the removal of the Indians. 1
would suggest, therefore, to my colleague on the
committee that we lix this as a special order for
some day next week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to special orders.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us have a common un-
derstanding that one day be devoted to this mat-
ter It will take the whole day when we come to
consider it in all its bearings*, and if we can have
a particular day set apart, we can take up all the
bills bearing on the subject and dispose of them
at one session. I suggest to my honorable friend
from Maine who leads the Finance Committee,
that it will be a saving of time to the Senate, I have
no doubt, if a day can be set apart to considerthis
particular subject with the understanding that it
shall be taken up and disposed of. 1 would sug-
gest that it be fixed for, say, Wednesday of next
week.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 have no objection to
that, and will yield to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. All 1 wish is to have this
question brought up at an early day in the Senate.
I do not desire to take any snap judgment here,
nor to force anything through the Senate without
its being previously considered. I am willing, il
the Senator from Wisconsin makes a motion to
that effect, to have this resolution go over to some
day next week.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will move that it be
postponed until Wednesday of next week, and
be fixed as the special order of that day at one
o'clock, with the understanding on the port of the
Senate that we shall take up the whole question
relating to our dealings with the Indians of Min-
nesota on that day, and dispose of the whole mat-
ter, I hope, at one session.
Mr. WILKINSON. Not only this, but the
other bills.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The other bills also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the fuither consideration of this joint resolution
be pos11!' ined to and made the special order of the
day for Wednesday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILT. INFERRED.
Thcjomt resolution (H. It. No. 133) to provide
for the immediate payment of tlie Army and Navy
of the United States, was read twice by its title,
and refened to the Committee on Finance.
IXDIAN IIOSTjrJTfEa IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senator ft om
Ohio [Mr. Sfir.RM^K] was adopted to the bill (S.
No. 448) providing for reimbursing the State of
Minn* sota for expenses incurred by her in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities.
COURT OF-CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning hour is the bill (H. R.
No.22(i) to amend "An an to establish a court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States,"approved February 24, ld.>5,which is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I move that that bill be indefi-
nitely postponed ; and on that motion I ask lor the
yeas and nays.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has nor, yet
been read tin ough. The impression oi the C hair
is, that by the rules ihe hill must fust be read
through, unless tin* leading be dispensed with by
the unanimous consent ot the Senate, and then
the Senator's motion will be in order. Ihe bill
will be read.
The Secretary read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed, and upon that motion the yeas
and nays are requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I trust tU
motion made by the Senator from New Hampshire
will not prevail, though I am not at all sorry theft
he has made it; and i shall be very glad, hnd£edl,
if we can get the attention of Senators on both
sides to this important measure of legislation.
This is a subject that has been before the Oon*
gress of the United States almost every session
since I have been here, and it is one deserving
the attention of Senators. It is a matter of great
importance, as I think, to the Government. AH
who are familiar with the working of the Cotart of
Claims as at present organized have thought that
it was a failure; that the object sought to be at-
tained in the establishment of the^court has not
been accomplished. I will not say that it was
established for the purpose indicated by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who makes this mo-
tion—for the purpose of providing for lame poli-
ticians. I think the court may be made useful and
of great advantage to the Government. In the
large transactions carried on by a Government
like this, there are a great many claims arising
against it, and they must be settled and adjudi-
cated somewhere. If we dispense with this Court
of Claims, then they come to Congress, and the
experience of every member will satisfy him how
wholly impracticable—impossible, 1 may say-
it is for him personally to investigate and under-
stand the claims which are brought here. The
experience of every member who has been long
in Congress will aiso satisfy him that claims df
the most unjust character have often been allowed
by Congress. This has been in consequence of
not properly understanding them. Since 1 have
been a member of the Senate, there have been two
or three cases in which claims have been allowed
where it was ascertained before the money was
paid that they were unjust and fraudulent, and the
Treasury Department withheld payment until
another session of Congress, and then we had to
pass a resolution to suspend payment.
This court was established with a view of send-
ing all claimants to a judicial tribunal before they
should come to Congress; and the Government
has appointed solicitors to appear on the part of
the Government to take testimony and cross ex-
amine witnesses, and see that no fraud is prac-
ticed upon ihe Government; but the decisions of
this court, as at present organized, carry with
them very little weight. I have been informed by
gentlemen who have practiced in the court that
they really consider it no advantage whatever to
obtain a decision of the court in favor of claim-
ants; that they have just as much difficulty after-
wards in piesenting the case to the Congress of
the United States and obtaining a law for the pay-
ment of the judgment, as they would have had if
they had brought the case here originally.
One benefit, I think, has arisen from the court
as at present organized. Where the com t has re-
ported adversely to a claim, it has had the effect,
generally, 1 think, to kill the claim. Several cases
this morning were called up in which the Senate,
without hesitation, confirmed the report of the
Court of Claims, adverse to certain claimants.
Hut a decision m favor of a claim has seemed to
carry very little weight with it in either branch of
Congress.
In my opinion something ought to be done on
this subject; and instead of postponing this bill,
as is proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, I think we had better do one of two things:
either amend the law, as is provided in the bill
which has passed the House of Representatives—
for this is a House bill—with the amendments
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary, or
else dispense with the court. We have the sense
of the House of Representatives in the bill that
is before us; but if the sense of the Senate is op-
posed to reorganizing the court on a different basis,
so as to make it efficient and give some character
to its decisions, I think we had better abolish the
court, and instead of postponing the bill, to strike
it all out, and insert a clause repealing the law
establishing the Couit of Claims.
This bill has been considered with very con-
siderable care. It is not one of first impression.
The Senate, one or two Congiesses back, had a
| bill before it substantially the same as the one
j now pending, reported by the Committee on the
j Judiciary at that time. The House, at its last
i session, passed this bill It has been very care-
I fully considered and guarded, as we think, by the
