1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
our country, to throw obstacles in the way of the
settlement of our public domain? This amend-
ment is drawn as carefully and there are as few
objections to it as theie can be to any amendment
that wilt accomplish the object; and 1 repeat that
unless something of this character be adopted
there is no hope of building the road at present.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. Inadvertently my
colleague has made a rematk calculated to do me
injustice at home, when he said I had advocated
the military authority driving settlers off the In-
dian reserves. On the contiary, I have always
held that to the squatter belongs the land. In the
case to which he refers, the General Government
gave to a railroad company the title to a portion
of the Indian reserve. I urged upon the com-
pany to extend to the squatters upon the reserve
long leases,so that they would be enabled by the
long leases to obtain money to purchase the title
of the kind from the railroad company. Ho does
me great injustice when he says I have ever urged
or desired to (hive the squatters off any land.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not desire to do injus-
tice to my colleague, and I hope I have not done
so. it is known that the military authorities at
Fort Leavenworth did drive off the settlers, and
I understood that it wa3 by tiie movement and
action of my colleague. If I am wrong I desire
to be coireeled.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On the contrary, I
advised the railroad company to give the lease
that I have stated.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, for quite a num-
ber of years past! have listened in tYictwo Houses
of Congress to speeches on the subject of African
slavery. I have heard the honorable Senator
from Kansas denounce it in unmeasured terms—
slavery regulated by civil law—and that, too, of
blacks, poor, helpless beings, who are unable to
take care of themselves; and I am perfectly as-
tonished that he should bring m here a measure
to enslave white men, and to enforce that slavery
at the point of the bayonet. It amounts to noth-
ing more nor less than that. I begin to believe
what 1 have heaid heretofore in the South, that
the object of some of those gentlemen was merely
to transfer slavery fiom the South to the Noith;
and I think this is the first step toward it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the amend-
ment lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
is not in order.
Mr. RICE. I ask for the yeas and nays on that
amend nient.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will reriuuk fuithei,in reference to the motion of
the Senator from California that the amendment
lie on the table, such a proposition is not in order.
It would be in older to move that tho bill he on
the table, which would cany the amendment with
it; but an amendment cannot be separated from
the main bill by laying the one and not the other
on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 2, navs 3G: as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. McDeug:ilh and I'tnu* my—2,
NAYS—Mea-1>. Aiithouy/Amold. Cmlile. Ciruidlor.
Olaik. (Jollameij Cowan, Davi-*, Dixon. Doolittic, Fe-scn-
den, l^oot. Fostci, Gimie:-, Hauling, Harlan, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hick-5, How ..iKl, Kn:g, l-ifuie "l huh ana. Lain. <-f
Karwi-, Latham, 3Iomil, Nes-rnith, Powt-ll, Rice, San'
bury, rtuimioi. Ten Evck, Tiunibull, Wilkinson, Wr
YVilmot, and Wilson or Missouri—3t>.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised thai theie is still another amendment
moved by the Senator fiom Kansas on the t.ible.
Mr. POM ERUY. I d-%&iie to move that in an-
other place, but not af tins tune.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is with-
drawn for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 wish to move an amend-
ment to the amendment, to which there will be no
objection, I think. It is to insert at the end of
the seventh line of the first section, " and twenty
thousand shaies shall be'subsciibed, and ten per
cent, thereof paid in, before the stockholder shall
be called together foi oi^anizntion by the choice
of directors;" so that the section will read:
That the capital stock of the company entitled the Union
Pacific Railroad Company authorized by the act of which
this is amendatory, shall be in shares of $100 instead of
$1,000 each; that the number of shares shall be one million
nifitead of one hundred thousand ; and twenty thousand
shares shall be subscribed, and ten per cent, thereof paid
in, before the stockholders shall be called together for or-
ganization by the choice of directors.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The original bill should
have been in that form substantially at the last
session of Congress; and I think it was an error
in the clerks that it was not so.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see any force in or
any occasion for this proposition to reduce the
shares from $1,000 to §100. I do not know of any
party in interest who, if he wants any stock in
this road, does not wish the shares to be §1,000.
1 would as soon think of building the road by
taking up a contribution in church on the Sab-
bath as by peddling out these §100 shares. An
enterprise of this kind, when whittled down to
§100 for each share, becomes a very small con-
cern. Of course I am not going to resist this
amendment; but I hardly think it was worthwhile
for this committee to get together and consider
it of any public importance to reduce the shares
from §1,000 to §100.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish this matter to be
understood. The shares in the original bill were
placed at §1,000. Taking a deep interest in this
matter, 1 went to Chicago during the recess to
attend the meeting called there under our law.
Everywhere 1 met the expression of the opinion
of the people of the country who were concerned
in this enterprise that the shares should be put at
§100 instead of §1,000, so that every one who had
public spirit and believed in the enterprise might
iiavea chance to put in at the commencementeven
ten dollars. That will not build the road of course.
That will require the man who can pay ten dol-
lars as well as the man who can pay thousands.
1 trust that the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to move two or throe
verbal amendments m the third wction of the com-
mittee's amendment. I propose to insert in the
fifth line of that, section, after the word "load,"
the words "and branches.''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be inserted, no objection being made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 deem it my duty toun-
deistand exactly the effect of the amendment be-
fore I give my consent to it. I have-not yet got
the scction and line where it is to come in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before any
amendment will be put from the Chair, it will be
read from tin; Secretary'a desk, and the point in
the bill indicated before any Senator will be called
upon to vote upon it. The Senator from Iowa will
lepeat his amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state, before I repeat
the amendment 1 was about to propose, that this
third section provides for the condemnation of
lands that may be necessary for the track of the
road. The phraseology of the original bill, the
law as it now stands, groups the road and branches
all the way through; and if wo weie to use the
phraseology " the road " alone, I fear that the right
to condemn the land on the route of the branches
might not b'e secured. Hence 1 [impose to insert
after the won! " i oad,*' wheiever it would be per-
tinent, the words " and branches;" so that the
company may have the same right on a branch of
he road that would be confer)ed by the section
n the mam line. To accomplish this, I vvillpro-
i pose, in the third section, line five, after the word
lj " road," to insert the woids " and blanches;" m
'• line six, to strike out the word« li of its tail road,"
jj and insert the woi d " thereof;" in line eleven, after
'the wou! £{ioud." to insert the wohN "anil
branches-" mid in hoe seventeen, after the word
"roads," to insert the words " and branches."
Two of these branches are in the Terutory of
Nebraska.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 am rather inclined to
think that that is a good amendment. I shall not
object to it.
- The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have another amendment
to propose to the next section.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to in-
quire of the Senator from Iowa whether the fust
line of the third section does not require a similar
amendment to the one justadopted. It now leads,
" that said company," &c. Doea that extend to
the companies that have thfe construction of the*
branches? ' • *
Mr. HARLAN. The law now provides-thai
the Union Pacific Railroad Company shall build'
the branches to which 1 have referred, the branches2
within the Territories. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa will propose his amendment, as Jhe*
has the floor for that purpose. - x -
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator give:
me the floor to move an amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will in a moment. I pro-'
pose to amend the third section by striking out
in lines twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six,and
twenty-seven the following words:
And shall also deduct from the damages to be awarded to
the applicant for the same any increase in the value due to
the construction of the road of the premises retained by him,
provided such premises formed a portion of those taken.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a question which
has been very much discussed in all railroad en-
terprises, and it is a matter of a great deal of im-
portance. 1 do not wish to discuss it now, but I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to it. I
think that is a very important and valuable pro-
vision. It has been discussed both in legislatures
and in the courts. It is very material if a man'sS
fortune is made by running a line of road through
his land that he should not be allowed to charge
fifty dollars an acre for it and compel the road to
pay it. It is equalizing, as these things are done
m cities and towns, the benefits and the injury.
In a city when they open a street through a man's
property, which improves his property immense-
ly, that improvement is to be considered in com-
puting how much he should receive for what is
taken from him. It is a very important item in
all this kind of legislation; and I think it alto-
gether just, when persons ask for damages, that
what is taken from them and what is added to the
value of their property should both be considered.
Of course property should not be taken from them
without compensation.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the courts have
held against this construction which tho Senator
desires to put in this bill and make a law, that the
patty cannot be assessed with the advantages of
the road as an offset to the land they have taken
from him and condemned ; but if it is made a part
of the law and the rights and the franchises of this
company, I do not know whether any other con-
struction might be had. I am in favor of the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the first part
of the clause is all that the Senator from Califor-
nia will really desire to i etani, and Idonotdesiro
to distmb it. It provides:
And .-aid commissioner-, in their a^es^mentof damage-*,
shrll appiai-c vuolt premi-e- at wh.it would have been the
value thereof it* the road had not been built.
I think thntisjustand fair. Thecompanyought
not to be compelled to pay the value which their
own labor and means confer oil the pienuses
which they take; but the incidental advantages
to the remaining portion of the lot of land which
they may not take as a part of the bed of the road,
it seems to me, ought not to be estimated in the
damages that are inflicted; because the incidental
advantages will be as gioat to those who-e lands
are not cut by the road as it will be to tho.se whose
lands are cut by the road; and it would be to make
the parties teally injured bear all the lo^. The
part I propose to strike out is, that the ie.il value
of the land taken shall be paid and no more. As
the text now stands, it pro\ ides that the u\d value
shall be diminished by the ad\entitious \aiue to
the portion of the man's land that has not been
taken. 1 think it will be unjust to comp- I a man
to sell his land and receive no pay. If the amend-
ment 1 propose should be adopted, the lailroad
company will be required to pay only the value
of the land they take, as it would have b'-en had
the road not been built. That I think is just.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Tins is a more important
question than may strike every one at first sight.
No man's private property should be sui lendercd
to public uses without pi opei compensation. That
is the ir^neral law. The question as it is slated
now in the bill as it stands is, what damage is it
to a man who has property to l un a road through
his place? The courts are to discuss the question
as to what damage it is to the party; and in con-
sidering the damage they must consider nil the
facts that enter into the question. The Senator
