THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. Ill YES, WASHINGTON, B.C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 1863.
New Series No. 20.
The bill, as it passed the other House, is a little
larger; it gives the court jurisdiction of all claims
for winch the Government would bo liable in law
or equity, if it were suable in a court of justice;
but the bill, ns the committee report it here, pro-
poses to leave the jurisdiction as it is in the old
law.
Mr. COLLAMER. How is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tho original law gave the
court jurisdiction of all eases arising out of con-
tract with the Government, as I recollect it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Orany thins; which might
be referred to it by either House of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, either House of Con-
gress might refer to it a case. Wc do not propose,
as we have reported the bill back, to enlarge the
jurisdiction; but to limit it somewhat from what
it was before. In regard to the number of judges,
there is no particular importance in that. The
number of judges may remain as it is, if it is not
thought advisable to increase it. There was a
difference of opinion in the Committee on the Ju-
diciary as to whether wo had not better leave the
number as it is If there is any importance at-
tached to that, let the number remain as it is. 1
do not think it is a matter of sufficient conse-
quence whether the number be increased two more
or not, to affect the passage of the bill one way
or the other. The two judges can be added here-
after if they shall be found to be necessary. The
majority of the < onimittee, however, wei e of opin-
ion that it would be better to leave the bill as it
was parsed by the House of Representatives in
that respect; hut T attach no importance to that
feature of the bill.
I have no desire to protract the discussion, but
1 do desn e that each Senator should consider the
importance of the bill before it is indefinitely dis-
posed of. I presumeevcryScnatorundorstandsit.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I have been
upon the Committee on Claims of the Senate ever
since I have been a member of the Senate, with
the exception of one session. I have, of course,
by my position, seen somewhat of the nature of
the action of the ,Court of Claims, and I cannot
join in the remarks made by my colleague m re-
gard to the usefulness of thatcomt. I have found,
and I presume the members of the Committee on
Claims from session to session have found, great
aid from the Court of Claims in this, that they
take a case which goes to them and examine it
thoroughly—the evidence on one side and on the
other is produced in the shape of legal pi oof—
then the case is examined by the solicitors on one
side and on the other, and carefully examined and
stated by the court, so that when it comes before
the committee, they have all the labor of the Coin t
of Claims before them, and can act upon it a great
deal more intelligently than they could without
such action of the Coui t of Claims. By the action
of the Committee on Claims of the Senate, proof
or evidence before them is not confined to legal
proof. Committees iceeive frequently statements
not under oath. They leceive letters from the
Departments. They receive letters ftom individ-
uals. They take what may be called prima facic
testimony, and act upon that; whereas if a case
goes to the Court of Claims, it is acted upon in a
legal way as couits act, and we arrive at ti nth \ ery
much more cleailyand very much moie satisfac-
torily than we do if it has not been so examim-d.
There isanotherdifficulty, M r. Piesident,which
lias not been adverted to yet by any Senator, in
regard to the Court of Claims, and i apprehend
it to be the chief difficulty. The Court of Claims
is a working court; it is an efficient court. I think
if any one wjII take the reports of the Court of
Claims, he will not, from these reports, find any
reasons to condemn the court. The cases are ex-
amined with care, they are stated with caie, and
they are generally very accurately and nicely de-
cided. Sometimes their decisions arc overruled.
A bill passed this body List session, which hat'
been refused a passage m the other House within
a day or two, for the relief of John Skirving, where
the decision was in favor of the claimant; but it
was so nice a case that the two Houses might well
20
differ. Generally, the cases are very nicely con-
sidered and very carcfully weighed by the court.
The difficulty is that claimants do not like to go
to the Court of Claims. Why? Because their
cases are sifted and examined in that court; but
if they can coma to Congress and have their cases
sent to the Committee on Claims, they expect
their claims to be decided upon other evidence and
other ground, and they take this member of the
committee by the button-hole, and state the case
to him, and that member, and state the case to him,
and the committee comes to a conclusion upon
entirely different evidence from that which goes to
the Court of Claims. 1 have always found it safe,
in mv action on the committer, to follow pictty
closely the examinations made by the Court of
Claims. They are very much safer than to rely
upon the ordinary evidence before the committee.
Now, I should like a little enlargement of the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims; I do not know
pieeisely how far; and then [should like an amend-
ment of the law which I seethe Committee on the
Judiciary have stricken out of this bill; and that is
that every claim presented to Congress shall go to
the Court of Claims, unless the House in which
it is presented otherwise order. Then, if a claim
comes before either House of Congress of which
the couit have no juiisdiction, the person pre-
senting the claim can say, " the court have no
jurisdiction of it; there is no use in sending it
there;" and the House would order it to be con-
sidered by its committee. But where a case comes
under the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, I
should like to have the law absolute thatitshouhl
go there and be considered there, and I should
like to have the law erifotced; but we never think
of sending a claim out to the Court of Claims,
unless upon examination we find it a case par-
ticularly hard and difficult, or one which it is par-
ticularly useful for them to consider; and then we
have to bung it into the Senate or House and get
a special resolution passed lelemng it to the coui t.
Mr. FESSENDhlN. Allow me to say to my
friend that fnrsome years aftertheCourtof Claims
was established, we made a pointm the Senate of
sending evety claim that was presented here to
the Court of Claims, if it came within their juris-
diction, and that was easily discovered. I know
that 1 was upon the Committee on Claims for some
years afterwards, and that was the course which
was invariably followed, and the Senate always
sustained the motion when it, appealed that the
case was within the juiisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and refused to take cognizance of it them-
selves.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt that wasso,but
the departure from that practice shows the neces-
sity of exactly what I state, thatitslnmlri be made
the law. i know, if other Senators do not know,
because I am in the way of knowing it from my
position upon the Committee on Claims, that when
a claim is presented in ie the constant application
of the claimant i^, " do not send me to the Court
of Claims, 1 do not want togo tlieie;" and in that
way, by their asking and beseeching, the claim is
left with the Committee on Claims; whereas, if
the law was absolute, the answer would he, u H
must go there unless otherwise ordered specially
by the House in winch you present it;" and 1
would be pretty careful to send them there, and
then w e should have the cases thoioughiy consid-
ered, we should have the testimony pretty fuii
genei ally, ue should have the cases well argued I
and caietuiiy stated by the court, and their deeis- ,
ions, as 1 said before, are a great guide to the Com- i
mittee on Chums.
1 do not precisely like this bill. I am not pre-
pared, as was said by the Senator from Maine,
to yield entncly the jurisdiction of Congress over
the Trcasuiy, so far as these judgments may go.
If a man gets a judgment of the Court of Claims,
and that be final, it is not asufficu-nt answei that
there is no appropriation for it, because you will
be continually told, " why heie is a judgment of
your court;" and that claimant wdl he here year
after year until you are obliged to pay it. But I
would lot the court do as it docs now, report to
Congress, and then let those reports go to, the Com-
mittee on Claims after the claims havjeibeen thor-
oughly sifted, proved, examined, .and aillowed
or disallowed. And I will state now, Mr. Pres-
ident, what is the course of the committee. \Wheu
these reports go to the committee, they usually
lie upon the table of tho committee a little while,
to ascertain, if we possibly can, whether the re-
port of tho court is acquiesced in. If the report
is adverse to the claimant, and nobody appears
to say anything, or give us any reason why it
should be overruled, or no new case is presented
for overruling the decision of the court, it is passed
upon at once as final. We brought in five reso-
lutions this morning confirming adverse reports
of the Court of Chums. But if the court's opin-
ion is favorable to the claimant, then w.e take up
the case and weexamine it through. We do not
take the decision of the court alone,'but we look
carefully to see if the court has come to the proper
conclusion, and upon right grounds. It may be
said that wc ought to treat both sides alike; but
we do not feel that we do right to part with tho
jurisdiction assigned to the Committee on Claims
in thus reporting a claim without examining it,
because we undeistand, that the Senate refers it to
us for some purpose. We examine them.
As 1 have said, the Court of Claims aid us very
much in that way; and 1 do not think it worth
while to abolish the court. I would not post-
pone this bill indefinitely without consideration,
bccausc I think we may amend the bill so as to
aid the present court. If we postpone the bill we
leave the court exactly as it is; and while the
matter is before the Senate it may be worth while
to consider whether we cannot get something out
of this bill to aid the court in its present or-
ganization. I think three judges are enough. I
think they can do all the work that is required of
them without adding two judges to the court. I
would make the court as simple as I could, and
perform the work efficiently; but I should like to
iiave the juiisdiction a little enlarged, and to have
an express provision made that every claim that
comes here, unless otherwise expressly ordered
by the House in which it is presented, should go
to the Court of Claims and be examined there.
Then we should be very much safer.
Mr. President, let me give you an illustration
of this matter in regard to testimony. A case fell
under my examination nottwo yeais ago,involv-
ing $20,000 to the Government of this country.
The man presented his proofs, not prepared in
the way in which they are prepared in courts,
not ail of them under oath; there had been no
cross-examination, but he made out & prima facie
case. 1 did not feci entirely certain to report in
favor of the case on the testimony which had
been adduced; I was fearful that we might err.
I had it postponed until the next session, to re-
main belore the committee. During tiie vacation,
a man away in youi western wilds, an officer of
the Army, who knew all the circumstances of that
case, happened to see it mentioned in a newspa-
per, and he wrote to some member of the com-
mittee, detailing the circumstances. That sent
the case out of the committee, and it has never
been heard of in Congress since. If the case had
been before the court, and the testimony had been
sifted, there would not have been any great dan-
ger; but if that officer of the Army had not JiajD-
pt• tied to see the case as itcame bcfoie Congress,
and known the cii cum stances, and taken the pains
to wt ite mid infomi Congress about it, the nation
would have lost some twen'y thousand dollars.
We act on the best information we have; but it is
impossible for the Committee on Claims to have
that sort of testimony before it that will come
before the Court of Claims.
I think it better, therefore, that the bill should
be carefully considered, without being postponed
at once; let, us see if we cannot get something to
aid the Court of Claims, and devise some way to
adjust carefully these claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire of
the Senator from IMew Hampshire before he sits
down, whether he can inform the Senate what
