300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
proportion of the judgments or decisions given by
the Court of Claims favorable to claimants have
ever passed Congress—if one in ten, or one in a
hu wired ?
Mr. CLARK. I should think perhaps one in
ten; perhaps less than that; but where the report
has been adverse, I do not remember of more than
three or four cases in which it has not been con-
firmed. There are sometimes cases where the
court have not jurisdiction; where the claim is
pi-esented to the court, and they examine the test-
imony very carefully, and state carefully the
grounds of the claim; but the report is adverse be-
cause they have not jurisdiction upon some point
of Jaw where the equity of the case is pretty clearly
with the claimant, anu in such cases the commit-
tee report in favor of it, and Congress acts in Us
discretion. I think four or five years ago wc re-
ported favorably to a claim of large magnitude
when the report of the Court of Claims was ad-
verse, but both branches of Congress allowed it.
I think in this way a great deal of good has
come from the Court of Claims; and I do not think
it a sufficient objection that all their affirmative
decisions have not passed both branches of Con-
gress; because they have certainly done a great
deal of good in setting aside claims and giving ad-
verse decisions in cases that might possibly have
crept through here. The committees may be ever
so faithful; they may be ever so diligent; and yet ;
unless you have the scrutiny of a court of law in
regard to the testimony, testimony will be offered,
and will, perhaps, have its weight to carry claims
when it ought not to have weight.
Mr. TENEYCXv. I think some of the features
of this bill ar^ valuable, if the whole bill should
not become a law. I regard the bill as reported j
by the Judiciary Committee, in the light of a sup- :
plement to the law regulating the Court of Claims :
as it is now established, except in one important
particular, winch proposes a radical change, and
that is a veiy important feature in it. I allude to
the provision to make the decisions of the Court
of Claims final, so far as Congress is concerned,
except in so far as they may, by withholding
general appropuntions, prevent the opinions of
the court being carried into effect, hi the case of
a very alarming or starthngly large claim, Con-
gress would naturally have its attention called to
that fart, and might refuse to make an appropria-
tion. The object of this provision, everybody m
the Senate knows, is to prevent tin se elairtVs, after
having been referred to the Court of Claims, be-
ing brought back to Congress. Where the pur-
lies have been compelled to spend large sums of
money in litigating their claims there, and hav nig
(hetn examined, to be thrown back upon the de-
lays and lifetime pmsuit of prosecuting a claim
o' rbr<> C<ju\rresv, would ^eem to be very unjust.
[A.r the last s o sfsssmis we have heard very
little of pnva e ciamnj, except as ihey have been
called for from time to tune in the morning hour
by some special Iriend of a particular measure;
but during the former sessions, when I was here,
we had claim davs sot apait: ond there were huii-
dieds of them, perhaps since the court has been
ni existence thousands of them, presented here;
and rwen have grown >;mv, and some have gone
to then* graven in proaecutuigclaims before Con-
gress. Some of ihemhnve been ? etod upon, and
some have nr t been acted upon by the Court of
Claims; and the claimantsar-"4 here, many of liiem
perhnps mei ltcyjous, kuockingat the doorofCon-
grcss for compensation fpr just cln nns against the
Government. J know that the machinery of le-
gislation is designed, and must of necessity be con-
trived to protect the Government, perhaps, from
chums, from the very nattne of things; bur u was
(bought to be an improvement to take the rnattei
away from Congress, bat not to make tlu d< ci.-ion
of the Court of Claims final and conclusive, because
by one of the provisions of this biil it is proposed
to an app. al m almost every case to the Su-
preme Court of the dinted States, into which the
whole case, wiili all the evidence, nmy be removed,
i rnj ihat eourf may act upon the procedin s as
m the nature of an appeal from a court of chan-
cery, the Supreme Court having an opportunity
to (. :< unine both the law and the facts involved in
the case. It was suopost-d by the friends of this
biK that that would be a sufficient piotection for
(he Government of theUniied States ajrainstany
iinuroper or hasty action on the pa> t of the Court
of Cia-ms, or an y errors of theh £, provided we an-
ticipated or imagined any such things would occur
in that court. That court is like all other courts;
it is liable to error and to mistake; and a provision
is incorporated into this bill by which a rehearing
may be had, in the fullest and amplest manner,
upon the whole case, by the Supreme Court of the
United States. That was thought to be beneficial,
and that is a radical change m the character of the
court.
The other features of this bill are in the nature
of amendments to the existing law. So far as
regards the increase of the members of the court,
it is believed, on information derived from that
court, and from other sources, that the business
will be increased to such an extent, judging from
the character of the papers now before the court,
in consequence of the vast number of claims
growing out of contracts in consequence of this
war, that it will require the addition of two judges
upon that bench. But whether so or not, there
are two or three other features in the bill to which
I will shortly allude. This bill does propose to
increase the jurisdiction of the Court of Claim®,
but for the benefit of the United States solely, giv-
ing it jurisdiction of all matters of offset, counter
claims, and claims for damages, whether liqui-
dated or unliquidated, or other demands what-
soever on the part of the Government against any
person claiming against the Government; and it
provides further that in case there should be found
to be a sum due from the claimant to the Govern-
ment, the Court of Claims may give judgment
against the party claimant, and the United States
in a short way, upon the basis of the proceedings,
may procure what is due to it from the claimant
who lias brought the suit.
There is another provision which is thought to
be of importance by way of amendment to the
law as it now stands. It authorizes the court to
make an order for the examination of every claim-
ant who brings his claim before that court under
oath or affirmation, wmch will undoubtedly be
found to be of very great importance in the in-
vestigation of claims. The court has been labor-
ing under a disadvantage in times past, growing
out of the very nature and character of claims,
which exist not only as is supposed m law but
in equity; and this is to afford an opportunity of
having the conscience of the claimant purged, and
of .having disclosures made of the true nature and
character of the claim presented by him to the
court.
There is another provision m this bill, that no
person shall obuun or procure the judgment of
the Court of Claims in his favor unless it shall
appear that he has been a true and loyal citizen,
and has not taken part m the rebellion which has
been in existence,
I run not particularly wedded to the bill. I do
no? uodei stand its features nnd operations as fully
as several cfemiemeu who are upon the Commit-
tee on the Judinmy, and who have given it more
careful consideration than 1 have: but it occurred
to me that it was an improvement upon the law
by winch the present Court of Claims was estab-
lished, and 1 would much prefer that, instead of
tins bill being indefinitely postponed, if all its feat-
ures are not adopted by the Senate, they may
find some of the amendments proposed suitable
for their consideration and for their action.
Mr. CLARK. An inquiry was made by some
Senator what was the jui isdiction of the present
court. 1 have the law, and 1 will read it, so that
u will be seen at once:
j And (he satu court s-Iiali hear awl determine all eianns
I ton-Hied upon any law of Cnn-rie^, or ujrm any regulation
! ot <vi I^eeufl_)rpuriment, or upon anv contiaot. oxpiess
' oi implied, w.tu the G<">veiimi"ntoi the rmted Stato.winoh
| may 1>° Mi^e-ied to it \>\ a pout.on filed tnerein ; ana alt>o
! all ehiMrif. winch may tm inferred to said court l v either
; ilou^e oi On mats*
Mr. SLIEllMAN. The question now is on the
indefinite postponement of the bill. We have ar-
: riV"d at that period m the session when wr must
1 '.hoos'"1 betwen tlie subjects of leeislotion. There
' are several bills of the highest importance that
must be considered. The bill relating to the ar-
' rests of citizens will yet give rise to a good deal
of discussion, n nd it ought to be passed. We must
provide, before this session closes—itisnow wast-
, lug away—for a gennal conscription law. It n
| idle for us to avoid the necessity of it. If this
! Congress shall break up without some provision
j! to appeal to the physical force of the nation, we
'shell have foiled to do our duty We have many
measures afiiinance that must be disposed of. Wc
must provide for the payment of the soldiers, for
the paymentof the public debt, and for maintain-
ing the public credit. We must provide tax laws.
There is a class of legislation connected with the
war that is indispensable.
Under these circumstances, I submit to Sen-
ators whether we should take up for considera-
tion billsinvolvingprmciples thatare controverted
and amounts that are controverted ? There is no
question more difficult than that which relates to
the Court of Claims. Shall we give to this court
absolute jurisdiction over all claims heretofore ex-
isting or hereafter to accrue ? That is a very grave
question. It places beyond our power a limita-
tion upon the appropriations for claims. I would
hesitate a long while before I would do it. Atany
rate it is a subject that will give rise to discussion;
and 1 submit whether we have time now to dis-
cuss a class of measures that may be postponed,
at least, until the next Congress. No great harm
can result from allowing the present Court of
Claims to go on as it hat gone on for some years—
allow it to investigate the claims, and place on rec-
ord the merits or dements of each claim. I think
that court has been very useful m exposing a
great many bad claims, and probably in bringing
to the attention of Congress some very meritori-
ous claims; but the present, I think, is not the
time for us to legislate on such subjects. Besides,
the public mind is now so sensitive, and so much
absorbed by the greatquestions made by the war,
that we are nut in a mood—1 confess I am not in
a temper—to consider these questions of practical
legislation, winch may as well be postponed to
the future. 1 shall therefore act on general prin-
j ciple in voting upon this class of business, to post-
bpene, if practicable, every question that is notin-
■ timatoly connected with the prosecution of the
j war. Upon that prosecution depends not only our
' pioperty but our lives; everything is at stake. I
do not now choose to postpone or stop important
measures necessarily connected with the pi execu-
tion of the war and maintaining the public ciedit,
! for a class of legislation that may be postponed,
| without any great harm, to a future period. I
j shall, therefore, vote to postpone this bill until,
j at least, the next Congress, when it may he mure
t maturely considered.
| Mr. POWELL. I hope this bill will not be
S postponed. The Committee on the Judiciary, as
| has been well said by the Senator fiom Illinois,
! has prepared the bill with a great deal of labor,
| and, in my judgment, it should pass. There is
i one feature in the bill, however, to which I am
I opposed. There is a clause in it which, at tha
| proper time, J will move to strike out; and that
i being out, the bill will meet my hearty approval.
! I think the bill may be passed in a  ery little
; while: I do not think it will occupy much of th<*
' public time. It has already occupied a great deal
> of time, and that which we Inu e spuit upon it will
i be utterly iovst unless we act upon it finally.
| The Senior from  w Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
I the other day made an jwault upon the Couit of
I Claims. Thf i distingniMied Senator seems to
| have a penchant for a^aul'uig couus. I have
i often heard him very eloquently a.ssauit the Su
! preme Court of the United States. lie seems to
' think that the Court of Claims was foimed for the
purpose of making" places for retired politicians.
1 was not here, and do not know the motive that
actuated those who passed the law originally
organizing this court; but if their object was to
provide for retired and broken down politicians—
"lame ducks,'5 as the Senator Irom iNrew Hamp-
shire very elegantly and very classically calls
i them—they did not succeed in what they set out
I todo. The court, as originally organized, as I run
I informed, was composed <>f three judges: Judge
j Gilchrist, Judge iMa^kford, and Judge S<mi-
| burgh. The first named was, 1 understand, an
{ eminent judge in the Senator's own State, and he
i cannot be classed in the category of broken down
I politicians. lie mn_rht have been a local pohti-
; cian; but i must confess i never heard of htm ex-
i cept as a judge. He certainly won great disunc-
I tion in New Hampshire; at least he has quite a
| reputation outsideof that State as an honest,emi-
nent judge. H'*, i believe, was made chief justi«'«
j of the court. One of the other judges was Judge
' Blackfoid, of Indiana; a man that m no sense
; of the word could be called a politician. I knew
i that eminent judge for many years; and a tnoie
