1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Senator if he
will not accept the amendment I suggest to him,
to insert the words " the court," after the word
"and," in the seventy-sixth line?
Mr. POMEROY. is it not in order to perfect
this clause before westnke it out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No further
amendment can be entertained; it would be in the
third degree, is the Senate ready for the question
on the amendment of theSenator from Minnesota
to (he amendment of the committee?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Min-
nesota, I believe, accepts my suggestion in regard
to modifying his own amendment.
The PRESS! DENT pro tempore. The Chair will
await any suggestion of the mover of the amend-
ment, or any modification.
Mr. RICE. I will withdraw my amendment if
the modification suggested by the Senator from
California is made: and then 1 have another amend-
ment to olfer in the same section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I move after the
woid " guardian," in the seventy-eighth line, to
insert the words "ad litem."
The amend men t to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. Now I mov& in the seventy-ninth
line of the third section, after the word " non-
appearance," to stwke out the rest of the section,
in the following words:
flut in ca«e 110 claimant shall appear within three years
from the tune of the opening of said road across any land,
ail chum to damages against the said company shall be
barred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to move
an amendment to a portion of this section, before
the motion is put on the amendment of the Sena-
tor fiom Minnesota?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not. The
Senate are considering an amendment reported
from the committee, and amendments to the amend-
ment are in order; but amendments to amendments
to the amendment arc not in order; and another
amendment to any other portion of the amend-
ment cannot be entertained until the pending one
is disposed of. The question now is on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Minnesota to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. COWAN. I think that is a very proper
amendment. I would hv no means limit the claim-
ant to ihtee years. When the court determines
the amount of damages awarded to him, of course
that judgment will be entered, and it will remain
there for him. it can only be barred by that lapse
of time which creates presumption of payment,
twenty years.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IfANE, of Kansas. 1 now move, in sec-
tion three of the amendment, line seventy-four,
befoic the word " proceedings," to insert the word
" legal;" and in the seventy-sixth line, after the
woid ''and," to insert the words "the court,"
so that it will nad:
And in ca>e n shall In* neee^ary for the company to outer
upon lamU which arc unoccupied, and of winch there is
no apsMient owner or claimant, it may proceed to take and
use the  nme tor the purposes oi said laiiroad. and may in-
stitute Icp'tl procei ding-- m maimer presenhed for the pur-
pose of iwei to ming the value of and of acquiring a title to
the same, and the court may iieternune the kind" of notice
to be served. &c.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggest that the word
"legal" will not confer any additional strength
to the phrase, because the proceedings are those
" m manner described5' in the bill, and of course
th  y will be legal. The other amendment in the
seventy-sixth line is a very proper one, 1 think.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If that is the opinion
of the Senator, 1 withdraw the first amendment,
to insert the word 44 legal."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
withdraws his first amendment: and the ot her will
be considered as agreed to, no objection being
made.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. 1 move to amend
the amendmentin section four,line five, by insert-
ing, after the word " railroad," the words "as
provided foi in the ninth and thirteenth sections
of the act to which this is an amendment." Tins
amendment simply contemnlatesapplyingthe ben-
efits of the fourth section to all the branches, as
Weil as the mam«j-oad.
Mr. POMEROY. That was provided for in I
an amendment adopted yesterday.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, i ask then for the
reading of the section as amended. TheSenator
from Kansas tells me it was amended the other
day to cover this point, and perhaps it has been.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the Secretary read the
section as it was amended yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be road.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jind he it farther enacted, That the percentage of
the bonds granted to the Union Pacific Ilaiiioad Company
and the Central Pacific Railroad Company of California, Or
the assignees thereof, as hereinafter mentioned, and the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western, and also the Hannibal
and St. Joseph bianeh ofsutdioad, which, bvthe provisions
of the act to which this is amendatory, we're to remain in
the Treasury of the United States, icc.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri still urge his amendment to
the amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I think that cov-
ers the point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
then withdraws the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. In the tenth line of the fourth
section of the amendment, i move to strike out
the word " one" and insert<s two;" so that it will
read:
That the percentage of the bonds granted to the Union
Pacific It.uhond, &e., shall be punl over to said company
whenever continuous sections ot toad of two hundred miles
in length shall be competed aceoutmg to the terms of said
act.
Theamendmcnt to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike out the
fourth section of the bill.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Si:o. 4. Jhid xt fwither cnartcd, That the percentage
of the, bonds gianu d to the Union Pacific Itailmad Company
and the Centiai Pacific Raihoad Company of Caiil'ornif^or
the assignees thereof, as hereinafter mentioned, umlihe
Leavenwoith, Pawnee, ,md Western, ami al-io the Hanni-
bal and ;?t. Joseph branch of said road, which, by the pro-
visions of the act to winch tins is amendatory, weie to ic
main in the 'IVahiu.v of the United .-Hates lilt "all pan* of its
road, with it* btanches, shall be entirely completed, shall lie
paid over to >aid company whenever continuous >eetio s
of load of two hundied miles in length tihail he completed
aceoiding to the terms of said act.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, among: tho
topics in lelation to this Pacific Raihoad Com-
pany, perhaps there was not one that underwent
moie consideration and discussion than this sub-
ject. We v. ore entering upon a compact. After
W'> had m a measure agreed not only upon the
amount of land to be given, but the amount of
bonds to be given for the road—I think it was
^16,000 a mile for the end part of the road east
and west, and for part of it, through the. mount-
ains, the middle section, double that amount—
the point very much discussed was, how much
of these bonds should be ivsei ved; for they wre
to be deliveied, I believe, upon sections of forty
miles. That is my impression. When forty
miles were built, the bonds were to be delivered
throughout the road and i<,s bui nches. Th" ques-
tion then arose, how much of these bonds due to
the several sections should be ivtairied m order to
secure tne finishing of the whole road r After long
discussion on that pom*, we came to an arrange-
ment and a compromise ail around about it, by
which 1 believe all parlies agreed to ahid", to re-
tain, 1 think, twenty pet cent, upon the extremi-
ties, the t ast and west portions, and fifteen upon
the central. After full consultat.on and by acorn-
promise the amount to be reserved for the purpose
of seeming the ultimate finishing of the whole
road was agreed upon.
Experience hps shown that m ell contracts,
great and small, for the building of railroads there
must be reserved some per cent., gene:ally about j
Uventv-tUe, for the purpose of .securing the ulti- !
mate fi-nshmg of t'v contract, in all the early !
contiacts made m New England, and I l> -itevi; in
New York—my exiweece dops notextemi much >
further—the contacts for building roads almost j
umfoi mly failed unless there was u icservation of
a percentage to secure the ultimate completion of
the contract; and after that system was introduced
the contracts went on to completion.
Pursuant to that experience, ?nd as the result
of full consideration and compromise, we made a
reser\atioa of a.c«Mtain portion of these bonds.
Though they became due, they were not to be
delivered, but were to be hoiden, together with
the intciest, in the Treasury for the ultimate re-
demption of the whole road. That was the secur-
ity we took. We gave double price on the cen-
tral, mountainou* pari of th* ro$d, and reserved
less on that than we did on the rest. The subject
was very much considered and- very much -de-
bated. It was part and parcel of this contract; ftfr
it really was a contract of the Government with
the company.
Now, here is a proposition in this fourth section
to dispense with that security; to give it up practi-
cally. It provides that when they have completed
one hundred miles of the road, we shall deliver
over to them the whole of the bonds named, in-
cluding the reservation, on that part. We thought
that tlie reservation of the bonds on the par ft
which were easily built was the security for hav-
ing the part of the road which was more expens-
ive finished. That is the proposition, 'it has
been amended within a few minutes by making it
two hundred instead of one hundred miles; and
whenever there arc two hundred miles of the road
finished, we are to give up our security on that
portion and keep it only on the expensive part. I
do not believe this will be any benefit to the com-
pany. They willlose nothing atalluponthcboiTds.
When we reserve this portion of the bonds,they
do not lose the interest on them at all. We merely
retain them in our hands until the road is finished;
but the interest continues to run on them. There
is no loss to them about it. If they proceed to
carry out their agreement with fidelity they can
just as well gain credit on these bonds as if they
had them in their hands. They furnished a large
element of security, as we viewed it at the last
session, which I believe no considerate man will
think of abandoning; nor do I think it is judicious
in this company to ask us to abandon it. 1 think
it would do them great injury. 1 therefore move
that the fourth section be stricken out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, this mat-
ter was much discussed at the last session on the
passage of the original law. I was myself rather
convinced by the arguments of the Senator from
Vermont of the soundness of a reservation of this
kind; and it may be that he is correct in saying
that it was the result of compromise as it stands
in the original bill. After the bill had become a
law, but before the road had become a fact, it had
to be submitted to business men, to the men who
build roads and understand that as a specialty.
It had been submitted to the Senate and House of
Representatives; it had received the concurrence
of what wisdom on railroad business there was in
the two Houses; but it had not been sent to the
men who build roads. The commissioners ap-
pointed under the law met at Chicago; and the -
particular objection they took to that bill as a
working bill was the withdrawal of that percent-
age. It was not possible to compute the time when
the road would be completed, and when this money
would be paid over. It was not in the possession
of the parties who needed it as capital to construct
the road while it was in the course of construc-
tion. it was discussed there by railroad men.
ThatwasinSeptemberiast. It has been discussed
by railroad men from that time to the present. I
am aware that the Senator from Vermont has been
visited by gentlemen of eminence, both in point
of capital and enterprise, who have discussed with
him that question—persons who know infinitely
more about these things than I dare pretend to
know. From September until this day m Febru-
ary no action has boen had. The capital and en-
terprise of the country have been ready to em-
bark in thjs woik but for this reservation. It
has been so stated by the first men in the coun-
try, the men who engage in and accomplish these
enterprises.
Now, there may be a mistake with us in a mat-
ter of business, a It hough probably there could not
be a mistake with us on a matter of law when we
had the advantage of the counsel of the Senator
from Vermont; for so far as those things are con-
cerned he is eminently my superior. But in re-
gard to matters of business, in regaid to building
railroads, 1 think it probably might be advanta-
geous to consult other persons, those who have
made the building of railroads a specialty, and
who devote their capital to enterprises of that
kind.
Af'er the meeting in Chicago, the same com-
missioners, the leading railroad men of the Uni-
ted States, to whom we must trust for the building
of this road, met in New York to see what was
required in aid of the original bill to secure the
construction of this road. This change in su*b-
stflnce was what they said was a necessity to se-
