1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI
upright, a more honest, a more intellectual judge
rarely, if ever, graced the supreme bench of any
State in this Union, than Judge Blackford. Hi?
•was no politician. For forty years he was a law-
yer and a judge, and was a very large portion of
that time upon the supreme bench of his State.
The other judge, Judge Schi burgh, was taken
from the bench of the State of Viiginia.
Not one of the gentlemen originally appointed
was a broken down politician. They were all
judges. If they were not taken immediately from
the bench, they had but very recently retired from
the bench. So, if those who framed the law in-
tended it for the purpose of retiring broken down
politicians they signally failed, for the first judges
appointed wei e not broken down politicians in any
acceptation of the term, and I do not think that
the court as now organized is composed of that
class of persons.
Judge Loring, of Massachusetts, is now upon
the bench. I never heard of that gentleman as
a broken down politician. I heard of him as an
upright judge in Massachusetts. He was driven
from the office he held there because he decided a
cause which arose under a law that was passed in
pursuance of the Constitution of the country con-
cerning the delivery of fugitive slaves. He boldly
and fearlessly decided what the law was, and rc-
quued that it should be executed. There is also
on that bench Judge Casey, of Pennsylvania, a
most amiable and talented gentleman. He was
once in Congress; but 1 think he had long retired
from Congress before he was appointed to that
judgeship. The other member of the court is
Judge Hughes, of Indiana, who for the larger por-
tion of his life has been a judge and a lawyer.
He was once in Congress; but he was out of Con-
gress and was engaged in the practice of his pro-
fession, and had declared his intention not again
to enter politics, befoie he was appointed to the
bench. That is the court as now organized. In
no event, either as originally organized or as now
organized, could it be justly obnoxious to the
charge of being a leceptacle of " lame ducks" or
broken down politicians.
I hope, sir, that the bill will pass with one
amendment, which, at the proper time, 1 shall
propose. I intend to move to strike out one pro-
viso, and then I think it will be eminently proper
that the bill should pass. The committee were
satisfied that it required more judges than three
to perform the duties incumbent upon this court.
The committer were further satisfied that it was
proper, in a certain class of cases, to give an ap-
peal to the Supreme Court of the United States.
The committee were also satisfied that of all the
tribunals on the earth, Congress was the least
adapted to give a fair adjudication of a claim. My
cxpeiience here l-s, that if a claim is large, old, and
stale, it has a better oppoitumty to pass than if
it were of another description. Let u«, as we
have this court, perfect the bill, and add these
additional judges.
It was not my purpose to make any elaborate
discussion of the bill; but as it came from a com-
mittee of which 1 am a member, I deemed it my
duty to state very briefly why I thought the bill
should pass.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill; and on that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Caihle, Doohttle, Grimes, Hale, Hard-
ing, Harlan, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Sheiman, Wilson
of Missouu, and WTn<rht—11.
NAYS—Anihony. Arnold .13row rung, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Davn, Dixon, Field, Foot, I'V^tei, Harris,
Henderson. Hicks, Ilowaid, King, Lane of Indiana, N>s-
mith, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, rfauUhury, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Ttumbnll, Wade, Wiiley. Wilmot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts*—.29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill after the enacting clause.
The PRESIDJNGOFFiCEU. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire that
the amendments of the committee have not been
considered, and by the usual practice they are first
considered.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments proposed by the committee will now be
considered. The nrs. amendment will b* read,.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out the second
section of the bill after the enacting clause, in the
following words:
That all petitions and bills praying or providing for the
satisfaction of private claim? agam-t the Government shall,
unless otherwise ordered by resolution of the House in
which the same are presented or introduced, be transmitted
by the Secretary of the Senate or the Cleric of the [louse of
llcpie&entatives, with all the accompanying documents, to
the court afoiesai^.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the third section of the bill in the fol-
lowing words:
Sfc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said court
shall have the jurisdiction of all claims fur which the Gov-
ernment would be liable in law oi equity if it weie suable
in court* ot justice, except such claims a* Congress mav,
by joint i evolution, specially dcclare shall be disposed ot by
act of Congiess or othetwise, and shall also have concur-
rent jurisdiction with the circuit and district courts of the
United States ot" all suin or cases a^aniht the United States
tor the title to real e>tate, or tor muniments of title to the
same; and in all such eas.es its judgment s>hnll be final, sub-
ject to tho i lghtof appeal, a> hereinafter provided. Jn eveiy
such ca e the claimant shall lile his petition in said couit,
whether the same bo originally presented by turn to the
comt oi be icfeued to it by either Hoine of Congress, and
the same principle of adjudication shall be alike applied
to both classes of eases.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, after line one, to insert the words,
u m addition to the jurisdiction now conferred by
law;" so that the section will read:
Pec. 4. Jlndhc it puthcrenaded, That the said court,in
addition tojliejuiisdjciion now eonfened bylaw, slutll al-o
have jurisdiction of all set-offs, counter claims, claims for
damages, whether liquidated oi unliquidated, oi oilier de-
mands whatsoever, on the pait ot the Government against
any pcr-on making claim against the Government m said
couit," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section five, luie tune, to strike out the words
"masters m chancery," and insert the word
u comnussioneis;" so that the clause will read:
It mav appoint commissioners, and may geneially exer-
cise •-uch poweta as aie neccs&ar) to cariy out the powers
hcieni granted to u.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, lines
eleven and twelve, after the word " judges," to
strike out the word "and;" and after the word
"solicitors," to insert the words " and clcrks;"
so that the clause will rend:
The pidgin, frolicilois, and cleiks of said court shall be
admitted 'o the u^c of the Concessional Lilnaiy, and also
the law Iibiary unt.l a law libiaij be provided for them.
Mr.TRUMBULL. This amendmentis merely
verbal, it gives the clerks of the court, in addi-
tion to the judges and solicitors, the privilege of
the law library.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment of the committee was to
strike on? of section six, after Us enacting clause,
the following words:
That (ithei paifymm take an appeal on all questions of
law to tli«' Supi'-me Court ot the United States tiom all
decisions which may hereaftei be rendered by '■aid comt
whciem the amount m eontroveisv exceeds $3,000, such
appeals to be taken under <uch i emulations as the rSuprome
Couit mav direct; but am claimant may appear and prose-
cute his claim before said court in propej person, or by Ins
I agent, duly appointed m writing;
Anil to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
i That either party may appeal to the Supreme Court of
{ the United states Jroin anv final judgment ot rleeiue which
) may beioafter be rendcied in any eas-c by said court where -
: in the amount in controversy e\ceeds ,$3,000, under such
regulations a- the said Supicme Couit may direct: Pio-
j euteit, That Mrli npp< <d shall taken withm ninety days
| alter tiie u million of such judgment or decree : And pro-
[ tided furthc?, That when the judgment or deeic-e will
, aflect a class of eases, ot lurnish a piecedent for the future
I action of any Executive Depaitmont of Government in the :
' adju-tment of Mich elas.s ot e,i,«es.the Supreme Court shall ;
| entettaman appeal on beh.tli of the Unu<;d States, without 1
i regard to the amount in coutiovei*y. !|
■j Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vyfe is taken ;j
' upon that amendment, I will suggest an amend- |j
: me.it to it. It piovides for an appeal to the Su- >i
preme Court iu all cases whue the judgment !j
| exceeds $3,000, and also for an appeal without !l
; regard to the amount of the judgment in cases jj
f where the decree or judgment will aflect a class of ! I
i cases or fnrnush a precedent for the future action
, of any Executive Department of the Government; !i
but u do«s not prescribe any way of determining !;
that fact. After the word " cases," in the nine-
teenth line of the amendment, i move to insert the
words, '* and such facts shall be certified to by the
solicitor of the Court of Claims;" so thatupon
his certificate that the decision will affect a class
of cases or furnish a rule, an appeal may be taken;
otherwise there is no way of determining when an
appeal would lie. In order to make it certain,!
move to amend the amendment by inserting after
the word "cases," in the nineteenth line, the
words, "and such facts shall be certified to by
the solicitor of the Court of Claims;" so that the
proviso will read:
That when the judgment or decree will affect a class of
cases or furnish a precedent fortlie future action of any
Executive Depaitment of Government in the adjustment of
such class of ca>es, and such facte shall be certified to by
the solicitor of the Court of Claims, the Supreme Court
shall enteitam an appeal on behalf of the United States,
without icgard to the amount in controversy.
Mr. HARRIS. It strikes me that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois will
scarcely reach the object that he has in view. If
the decision should be favorable to the Govern-
ment, the solicitor would not be likely to give such
a certificate. The claimant might want to have the
case reviewed as well as the Government. I should
think, therefore, it would be better to provide that
this certificate should be given by the court itself,
which is supposed to be impartial; otherwise it
could only allow an appeal to be made when the
solicitor of the court should desire it, and when
the decision should be adverse to the Government.
It seems to me that a claimant should have the
same privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itdid notoccurto me that
a claimant could ever desire it. It would only be
in cases where the Government apprehended the
establishment of a rule that might work prejudi-
cially to them that there would b« any object in
the appeal. A claimant would not care anything
about what rule was established for other cases.
If his own case were decided, it would make no
difference to him how the rule was established in
reference to others. 1 have no objection, how-
ever, to the certificate being given by the court,
if the Senator thinks that would be better.
Mr. HARRIS, i think it would be better. I
will suggest that it be a certificate of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. Does the Sen-
ator so modify his amendment?
Mr; TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. I will modify
it so as to rend, " and such facts shall be certified
to by the presiding: justice of the Court of Claims."
Mr. HARRIS. That is better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, as modified, to the amendment of
the committee.
Theamendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is in order, I desire
to move an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the amendments of the commit-
tee are not thiough with.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire whether the
adoption of that amendment, as amended,-pre-
cludes any further amendment to that section ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair dov
not understand that it does. It may be amended
in the Senate when the bill is reported from the
Senate acting as in Committee of the Whole.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eight, line five,after the word u sum," to
insert the word " found;" so that it will read:
That the concurrence ot three of f>aid judges shall be ne-
cessaty to the rendition of final judgment; and in all eases
of final judgments, by ? <tfd comt, or, on appeal, by the said
Hupieme Court, wheie the snino shall be affirmed in favor
of the claimant, the sum found due thereby shall be paid
out of any geueial appropriation made by law for the pays
mpnt and satisfaction of private claims, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section t ight,line eighteen, after the word " afore-
stud," to insert the following:
ProeiVZefJ, That no interest shall be allowed on any claim
up to the time of the rendition ol thejudsment by said Court
of Claims, unless upon a contract expressly stipulating for
the payment of interest.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
