1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
cure its construction; that with this change the
road could he built from the Missouri river to the
bay of San Francisco in five years; and there ate
men of capital and enterprise here now who as-
sure me that they will undertake the work to build
it in five years, if this reservation can be repealed.
Perhaps there is a mistake into which the Sen- [
ator from Vermont has fallen on this subject. In
making contracts for public works it is the prac-
tice of those who employ contractors, whether it
be the Government or whether it be a company,
to reserve a certain percentage. So far as my
experience has run, fifteen per cent, was reserved
upon individual contracts. A man undertakes to
contract to build forty or fifty miles of railroad or
five miles of acanal,and until his contract is com-
pleted, and the engineers have reported that the
work is completely done, fifteen per cent, is re-
served.
This is not a piece of business where the Gov-
ernment is the contractor. The men of capital
and the men of enterpuse, who desire, many of
them, to realize a great thought; men who have
been considering this subject, some of them fora
quarter of a century, and who are willing to risk
f-onn thing of fortune in the enterprise, propose to
unite their capital with the aid of the Government.
The contractors are another class. The contract-
oiswho build a section of this road may have
their p< r cent, reserved; but it is to bo understood
that the men who engage to build the great road
from the Missouri river to the bay of San Fran-
cisco, the men who go with their capital and en-
terpuse into it, arc not the men who expect to
make fortunes out of it. There arc men from Cape
Ann to the southern corner of California who
would risk a fraction ofall they have, and a large
fraction, to see this thing accomplished; and that
kind of enteipiise and capital united is what we
have to rely upon to secure the accomplishment
of this work.
Now, the Government unites its capital with
individuals to build a work that is the proper office
of the Government; and why should this kind of
terms he made with those who volunteer their in-
dividual aid and energy? I know many men who
have spent what would be called fortunes, have
lent their personal energies,their wealth, and their
yeais to this work, which is, after all, a work that
belongs and ahvays did belong propeily to the
Government. It is that class ot men that will
secure sufor thi-< enterprise. I say this is
making terms with them. The Government and
enteiprise and capital unite; and then, when you
want your percentage reserved, reserve it as you
do in any company. For two or three months a
eoniractor can stand fifteen per cent, discount
where he has his profit; but to stand fifteen and
twenty-five per cent, deduction for seven and pos-
sibly ten ur fifteen years, is a thing that his cal-
culation does not. admit of. So it is said by fai
wi.MT men than myself, who understand this sub-
ject as ,i specialty, who are as far superior to me
in le^ard to it as, for instance, an old sailorwonld
he if I wen1 to undci take to sail a ship, as on old
soldier would heiflweieto undertake to tight
an aimy,as a great architect would be if I under-
took to build a cathedral. The men who specially
understand this subject say that this is sound, and
that this is the thing which stands jn the way of
the opening up of this giand enterprise. I tiust
that the clause, as agteed upon m council among
railroad men who an- not looking to their personal
inteiest, and business men, will be retained as
imported fiom the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
h on the amendment mu\cd by the Senator from
Vermont, to stnke out the fourth section of the
amendment of tin committee,
Mr. .LANK, of Kansas. My colleague and
iuy>ci! W'.re pai ties to the arrangement at the
last session ief,Tiid to by the Senatoi fiom Ver-
mont. The joad< we represent are not here ask-
ing lor the adoption of tins provision, although
we shall probably vote for it. Our experience
has shown that the Senator from Vermont was
^ortect. We have !-1 our entire road from the
Missouri n ver to the one hundredth degree of longi-
tude, using the resei ved bonds .as the other bonds,
and let it to a ic-sponsible company, and they are
now vigorously engaged in us construction. 1
say this m justice to my colleague and myself,
although we may vote against striking out the
clause
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator let me ask him
why ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Because our constit-
uents would like to have the money, I suppose,
within the boundary of the State at the earliest
moment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will not undertake to
say that there are no men who would enter upon
the execution of this project from patriotic mo-
fives meiely. I will not say that there are no
such men; but. 1 will say that those men will be
the exception, not the rule. The people who en-
ter upon this, like any other outlay of money, will
do it with a view and expectation that they will
make something out of it in some way. It is to
bo borne in mind that this is not one of the cases
where there is a grant by a State as a mere fran-
chise, a privilege granted to a corporation to go
and build a railroad. The fact is, that m this case
we are the employers. We putin the money; we
give the land; we appropriate so much in bonds;
it is pay; it is not the mere grant of a franchise.
We are the giantors, not merely of a franchise,
but of the money, in some measure at least, and
a3 we believe in a very consideiabie measure, to
execute the project.
Now, is it not a very extraordinary thing that we
should be asked to deal with those people who
undertake this work under this grant in a manner
that they will not deal with those who work for
them ? When they employ men to make any part
of the road, they employ them with a reservation
to secute its ultimate execution. They will do
that. They have done it in the case the gentle-
man mentions. That is common prudence; and
it is a want of prudence in anybody to enter into
^project of this kind and make no reservation. It
ought not to be asked. 1 know that since the
meeting of the commissioners at Chicago, some
of the gentlemen have spoken to me about it. I
knew what they did theie, but it is also true that
some of (he gentlemen who talked with me be-
came < ntm-ly convinced, on our separating, that
the provision had better not be repealed—that it
was well enough as it was. They were men pro-
posing to enfffige in this pioject,and it would not
be stiange that they should ask us to give up our
security, but it would be very extraordinary if we
should do it. It is not what they would do with
people whom they employ and to whom they paid
money. Believing sincerely, notwithstanding nil
the suggestions to the contrary, that it is better
for the company and better foi the eountiy, and
will secure the object better, to retain this security
than to give it up, I desire to retain it, and there-
fore I have moved to strike out this fourth section.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I desire to say that tins
enterprise has waited from September until Feb-
ruary, and I have inquired into the possibility of
starting this movement, and have not been able to
find that we can start it unless the amendment of
the committee can be carried; and I do not think,
so far as I am at present advised, that we can or-
ganize the movement, if the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont is sustained by the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. We can nevcruxpect them
to go on wilh their proceedings until they have
tried this experiment and have failed in it, for
they will say they will never go on m any other
way until the point is settled. Then they will.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment reported by the commit-
tee.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordeicd; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays ];2: as follows:
Vi; \H - l\Ie< j j. Ambon v. Ai uold. Chandler, Clai k, Col-
lamei, Cow ;ui, Fcs-enden, Foot, Fostei, Harlan,
Ilowatd. Ivniir, Lane ot Indiana, Mori ill, Rice. Sauls-bun,
^lienii.ui, SwniR'i, Ten KvcU, Trumbull,Wilknifeon, YVil-
ley. and \Vi!m)!i til Ma^aehuvetN—"25
WW'S—.Ue-Ms, ])avis, llauhng. Ilarus, llendei^on,
Ifick-, Lane of Kan^a--. Latham,"MeOou«.i]l, Pomcroy,
Powell, Jiiehai(Hon. and Wil-on ot' .Missoui i—1
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Air, RICE. In line nine of section live, after
the word "Chicago," f move to__ insert "San
Fianeiseo and St. Louis;'' and in the tenth line
to strike out " fifteen" and insert " thirty;" so as
to snake the clause read:
-Vouco of the fiis-t mooting '>{ th«± ■stockholder-"' published
in two daily papeis in each of the citnv ot New Voile, Bos-
ton, Philadelphia, Chicago, San Francisco, and St. Louis,
lor at least liurty day* befoie the time of lout uug. shall be
deemed and held as a sufficient notice ol'&aid flr^t meeting
of stockholders.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to insert at the end
of the sixth section:
But no bonds or lands of the United States shall be granted
for this purpose.
The sixth section, I will remark, provides for
the construction of a branch road to Denver on
the contingency that the mam road may not bo
located to that city.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to strike out the
seventh section.
The scction was read, as follows:
See. 7. be it further cnactcd, That the assignment
or assignments made by the Central Pacific raihoad to the
Western Pacific llailtoad Company and the San Fianeiseo
and b*an Jos6 Railioad Company, all of the State of Cali-
fornia, assigning to the said la=-t-named companies all the
lights,'interests! and benefits of tiie s-aid Central Pacific
Railroad Company in and to the construction of the lail-
load line from Sacramento to San Fianeiseo, in the State
of California, and in and to the puvilugea and benefits of
the act to which thin is amendatoiv, bo, and the same is
lieieby, ratified and confnmed, and the said Western Pa-
cific Raihoad Company and the said San Francisco and
ban Jo>d Railroad Coiruany shall have power and enjoy
the same; lights, privileacs, and benefits a* il they had been
patticulaiJ} named in the act to winch tins is amendatory.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. It "seems to me some-
what singular that this movement should be made
here, and I ask for some explanation. I should
like to know whether the Senator from Iowa un-
derstands the effect of this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will state that i have but
one reason for moving the amendment. I have
no objection personally to the provision which I
have moved to strike out, but I have been informed
by what I deem reliable authority that the Sena-
tor's colleagues in the other House ate opposed
to it, and n' the bill shall go there with this pro-
vision they will feel it to be then duty to have it
referred to the Committee of the Whole for dis-
cussion , which it is thought will endanger the
passage of the bill. While I entertain no oppo-
sition personally to the provisions of the seventh
section, I desire to avoid a conflict which I under-
stand will arise in the House of Representatives
and will defeat the bill. I think the bill ought to
pass; I think that with one or two provisions
which it contains it is very important that it should
pass, and 1 do not wish to endanger us passage
by sending it to the House of Representatives with
a piovision that will necessarily meet with the
opposition of the Senator's own colleagues, mem-
bers of that body.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I am altogether confident
and do know that the Senator from Iowa is not
well informed, lam the poison here represent-
ing most especially the particular part of the coun-
try that has surrendered its interests in assenting
to this condition. I have not taken as much care
of the city of San Fianeiseo as is now expected
of me. My colleague from ►Sacramento, who, if
anybody could, would represent the antagonism
that the Senator suggests, will say to you that
there is nothing of that kind; that there is no one
here representing the State of California who has
any right to find fault with this measure, except
the Senator whose residence is in San Francisco,
and the Representative who lives on the west side
of the bay, and we have yielded to it.
Mr. LATHAM. I am a little astonished at the
statement made by the Senator fiom Iowa, be-
cause I have undeistood certainly from two of my
colleagues in the House of Representatives, that
|. they were very anxious to have this section adopt-
jj ed, if others should fail. When he makes the
: i statement that it is likely to cause discussion in the
ji other House and defeat the bill, [ should like to
!j ask bun by what authority lie makes that state-
[■ ment, for there eeitamly must be misinformation
1 ■ somewhere'
Mr. HARLAN. I will answer very cheerfully.
The secretary of the board of commisMoneis ap-
'■ pointed under the original bill has informed me
that it will meet with that opposition in the other
J House from the Senatoi*s colleagues which will
, probably defeat the bill by sending it to the Com*
i: mittee of the Whole.
Mr. LATHAM. Have nig colleagues in the
>' other House, or either of them, told the Senator
from Iowa that they would oppose this section of
i: the bill ?
Mr. HARLAN, They have not; I have had
