808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
section nine, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
That the Secretary of either of the Departments, and also
the Attorney General or the Postmaster General, before
whom any claim is properly pending, ^hall have power, with
the consent of the claimant, and before he has decided
thereon, to refer said claim to the adjudication of said court;
the proceedings thereon, when so transferred, to be gov-
erned by the same rules as are applied to all other cases, and
subject to the same right of appeal to the Supreme Court;
and incase of final judgment in favor of such claimant,
either in the said court or m the Supreme Court, the same
shall be saUa'fied and executed in the same manner as if
such judgment had been rendered by the Secretary himself,
on the presentation of a copy thereof, certified as hereinbe-
fore provided ; and where such judgment if for a money de-
mand, and there is no specific appiopriation at the disposal
of the Department out of which it can be paid, then the
game shall be paid as is piovided for judgments in other
cases.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That it shall be lawful for said couit, at the instance of
the solicitor for the United States, to make an oider 111 any
ea?e pending in said court, directing that the claimant or
claimants in such case, or any one or more of them, shall
appear, upon reasonable notice, befoi e an y commissioner of
said court, ami be examined on oath or affirmation touching
any or ail matters pertaining to said claim. And the exam-
ination of such claimant or claimants shall be reduced to
writing by the said commissioner, and be returned to and
filed 111 said court, and may,-at the discretion of the solicitor
for the United States, he read and used as evidence on the
triai of said cause. And if any claimant or claimants, after
such order has been made, and due and reasonable notice
thereof given to him or them, shall fail to appear 01 shall
refuse to .testify or answer fully as to all matters within his
knowledge material to the issue, the said court may in its
discietion order that the paid cause shall not be biought foi-
ward for trial until the said claimant or claimants shall have
fully complied with the order of said court in the premises.
The amend meut was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was In
section ten, line three, after the word "govern-
ment" to insert the wordy " not pending in said
court on the 1st day of December, A. D. 186*2,"
and at the end of the section to add the worths, "or
with thelwhan tribes;" so that it will reach
Sec. 10. tint! be it further cnactcd, Thatthejmi«diotionof
the «aitl com t shall not extend to oi include any claim against
the Government not pendine m said court on the 1st day of
December, .\. D. ISfvJ. growing out of or dependent on an>
treaty 'trp.i latum enteied into with foreign nation*, oi with
the Indian tubes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section thirteen,line eleven,after the word "claim-
ant" to insert the words " if a cilizcn of the Uni-
ted States," and in line fourteen, after the word
arid" to inserl'the words " whether a citizen or
not;" so that the clause will read:
Provide*!, hovever, That in order to authorize the said
com t to icndci a judgment in fa\ ot of any claimant it'a
citizen of the I 'lifted Stares, it shall be set toith m the pe-
tition, and be nndc f> appear on tlic ti iai, that the claim-
ant has at all nine- hoi ue tr ue al leg tar ice to the Government
of the United State.. and whe lliera eiti/.v\\ oi not, tb.it iic
hrn nut in an) vvnv voluntmily aided, ab'lh-d, or gf\en en-
couragement to lebeihon against the said Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out section fifteen, in the following words:
Sro, 1,">. *,1nd be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect from its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The amendments of the committee
having been disposed of, the bill is still open for
jynendnient.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to add as tin ad-
ditional proviso to the sixth .section:
And provided further, That no judgment tendered by said
court against the United States Miaji he valid and binding
In law or m equity until the stmc '.hall haw been pn^i-d
upon by Congjejjs, and a specitie appiopt lation made there-
for for anv «um ^cncdmg thousand dollars,™ when
HSJid deewon will furm&h a piecwlent oi ailed <t class of i
ea^es as aforesaid. i
Mr. President, I perceive two opinions
on this question. There are those who mainf nn
that the decisions nf this court ouirht to be final
not only against the party presenting his claim,
but against the Government. O.i the other side,
then' is the opinion that it i* entirely unsafe to '
open tiie Treasury to claimants even though their I,
claims pass through a court; that it ls pecl-^ary
that an appropriation of the public money shou.d
be made by Congress; and that they -liquid pa.ss
upon the propriety of each particular appropn* !
ation. 1 can conceive of a class of claims, small
In amount, the very consideration of which m
Congress would cost us much tiiorr perhaps than ]'
To pay the ^hmn J em willing th-n - Ids f ©urt nf I1
Claims shall by their decision settle these small
claims if you please*, the precise sum I am not par-
ticular about; perhaps up to the sum of $12,000.
But, sir, I am unwilling to consent that this court
shall have full power over the Treasury of the
United States. I think it is necessary that apro-
vision of this kind, declaring in advance, in order
that it may be fully understood, that the decision
of this courtis not to be binding upon the Treasury
except in this small class of clairffs, should be in-
serted in this bill in order to defend the Treasury.
The consideration of a small chum costs the Gov-
ernment more than a thousand dollars for the time
occupied by Congress m considering it, and there-
fore perhaps we might allow the Court of Claims
to pass upon such a claim, provided it does not
control a class of cases which may involve mil-
lions of dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. Who can decide that any case
may not be cited as a precedent for future cases?
Who is to settle that question under the last clause
of your amendment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am upon principle op-
posed to having the decision of this court final
against the Government. I thought I saw a dis-
position on the part of the Senate to pass the bill
in its present shape, and make the judgments of
this court final against the Government, and -hence
I have offered this proviso by way of limitation
that they shall not be final above a certain sum,
nor final in a particular class of cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will report the amendment as modified.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
iid provided further, That no judgment rendered by said
court against the United States shall he valid and binding
in law or in equity until the same shall have been pas&ed
upon by Congress, and a specific appropi lation made there-
foi for any slim not exceeding $-3,00i>, or when said decision
will furnifsii a precedent or ulfect a clatis of cases as at'oic-
said.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I cannot im-
agine how the last clause of that amendment can
be made applicable to or can govern the court that
is to adjudicate upon these claims. I do not see
how they can determine whether or not the prin-
ciple on which they may decide a case is to be
quoted as a precedent or not for the adjudication
of other claims. I believe there is a provision
in the bill by which it is declared that this court
shall not pass upon claims originating in cases of
treaty between this Government and another; but
suppose that provision was not there, and we had
the same controversy and the same class of cases
to decide as we have recently had commissioners
deciding between this Government and the Gov-
ernment of New Granada. Some of those claims
are less than $1,000, and some of them are $o0,000.
A man who has a ^,000 claim or a $1,000 claim
goes before the Court of Claims, and that court
decide in favor of the validity of the claim, and
he is paid; but the man who has a $25,000 claim
or a §50,000 claim, standing upon exactly the
same basis of the .small claim, cannot b" paid.
That is not just. But suppose the pi ovahnit opin-
ion m this body is that the Court of Claims de-
cided wrong in the first case—that they ought not
to have allowed the $2,000 claim—will not their
decision in favor of that claim be urged as an ar-
gument in favor of our also allowing the £>50,000
claim; and will not the continued repetition of the
declaration that that is a judicial decision made
by an impartial arbiter so influence the minds of
Co n<rress as to induce them to vote for allowing
the $50,000 claim' What do you gain then by
this limitation ? You authorize this court to de-
cide a small case, and you will make their decis-
ion in that ease in some measure obligatory upon
your consciences} and your minds when you come
to decide a large case standing upon the same
basis. It seem:s to me to be a method of whip-
ping the dev11 around the stump that I do not
approve of.
Air. PoMEROY. I do not see how the amend-
ment of 'ho Senator from Wisconsin is entirely
consistent with the other provisions of the iull as
it now MamK We provide in this hill for an op-
pf al to the -Snpieme Court.
-Mr. PESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, 1 will suggcht how it can done. I have just
been examining that matter. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will move to strike out all of the fourth
section after the wo:d "effect," iti the eleventh
line, and then insert his proviso there if he pleases,
or go on to s>ay, "but no judgment nba 11 U* final."
leaving off at the word "therein," it would answer
jjns purpose. Then certain other parts of the bill
would have to be amended to meet it. For in-
stance, the sixth section should be stricken out,
and also some other parts of the bill which refer
to the matted of final judgment; otherwise, as the
Senator from Kansas suggests, it would make an
inconsistency.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the prin-
ciple of the amendment. I desire to favor that;
but I do not see how it can be adopted with the
bill as it now stands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will accept the sugges-
tion of my honorable friend from Maine, and, in-
stead of the amendment I have offered, I will move
to strike out all of the fourth section after the
word " effect," in the eleventh line.
Mr. SUMNER. What is your proposition?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. To prevent the judgment
from being final. I move to strike out all after
the word "effect," in the eleventh line of the
fourth section, and to insert the words:
And no judgment rendered by said court against the Uni-
ted States bhall be valid and binding, in law or in equity,
until the same shall have been passed upon by Congress,
and a specific appropriation made therefor.
I will take the general proposition, in the first
place, that it shall not be binding against the Gov-
ernment at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in section
four, line eleven, after the word "effect" to strike
out the following words:
And such judgment shall be final, with the light of ap-
peal, in other ea°os herein provided tor. An\ tiansciipt
of such judgment, filed in the clerk's oifice of any district
or cucmt com t of the United States, shall be enteied upon
the records of the same, and t-hall ipso fado become and he
a judgment of sueh ds-trict or encuit court, and shall be
enforced in like manner ais other judgments therein.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That no judgment rendered by «aid court
against the United States Muill be valid and binding, in law
or m equity, untd the same > hall have been pa^ed'upon by
Congress, and a specific appiopnation made theiel'or.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to get this amend-
ment in shape so as to Like precisely the sense of
the Senate; and perhaps my purpose would be
effected just as well by moving to strike out
simply, and then the law would stand as it is now.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thentheques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin to strike out the words which have been
read.
Mr. HARRIS. It is very obvious that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has misapprehended the pro-
visions of the fourth section. The fourth section
provides simply for this state of facts: where the
Government have a counter-claim, or set-off
against the claimant, which more than overbal-
ances his claim, it provides for rendering a judg-
ment in favor of the Government against the
claimant. That is the whole scope of the fourth
section of the bill; so that this amendment is
entirely inappropriate to that section.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On examining the fourth
section more closely, I believe that is correct. It
provides simply for counter-claims and set-offs
against the claimants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
objeet to having that judgment final against the
claimants ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; I do not object to that.
What f desire is to move an amendment in that
section of the bill wliich declares the judgment of
this court final as against the Government of the
United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 cannot read the section in
the light in which it has been represented by the
Senator from New York. There is one clause in
the fourth section which sayx:
" And upon the trial of any such cause it shall hear and
detcimine such claim and demand, both for and against the
Government and claimant.55
Jlr. HARRIS. Road on—the next line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
amendment now pending, the Senator from Wis-
consin having withdrawn Ins amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the first
sestion of the bill, which authorizes the appoint-
ive nt of two additional judges.
