1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,W
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That there shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, two additional
judges for the said court, to hold their offices during good
behavior, who shall be qualified in the same manner, dis-
charge the same duties, and receive the &atne compensa-
tion, as now provided m reference to the judges of said
court; and lli.it fiom the whole number of said judges the
President shall, in iike manner, appoint a chief justicefor
said court.
Mr. GRIMES. On that motion, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAV IS. 1 am in favor of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa, because I am
opposed to increasing the number of judges. I
have had some experience in relation to a court
consisting of a plurality of judges; and my expe-
rience is, that in proportion as you increase the
number of judges, you decrease the efficiency of
the court in the dispatch and the correctness of its
mode of doing business. Evety case before a
court ought to be heard and decided by the whole
court. When you increase the number of a court
to such a degree as to render it inconvenient or
impracticable for all the members of the court to
hear,consider,and decideall thecases,you merely
divide the court in to a multiplicity of courts. What
is the practiccin ourcourtof appeals in Kentucky
—and I suppose it is somewhat similar in other
courts? We have four judges. The records are
taken by the chief justice and parted out among
the judges. Each judge reads his own record in
his own room to himself, and not in consultation
with the other judges, lie reports the questions
upon the record and the effect of the rccoid to the
other judges in a consultation, and the other judges
receh c his rcpurtof the contents and effect of the
record as true in most cases. The consequence
is, that the whole case is examined by a single
judge. He considers it and every question upon
the record, and he conies to his own conclusions.
These conclusions arc reported by him to the other
judges, and arc adopted by them, and instead of
being the judgment of the court, it is, in truth,
but the judgment of a single member of the court.
When you increase the judges of this court to five,
or to the number of the Supreme Court as now con-
stituted, you exclude foievur the practice of the
court fitting together and examining the records
with all the judges present, and consultation taking
place among ali the judges after they have all heard
the record read together. 1 believe thattive judges
will have the effect'of introducing a similar ptac-
tice among the judges of the Couit of Claims as
obtains in our own court of appeals; that the five
judges will each take a record, each one will ex-
amine his record in his own chamberand to him-
self; they will meet then m consultation, and each
judge that has examined a record will report the
effect of that record and the questions arising
upon it to the other judges, and his report will be
adopted by them; and consequently it will be the
judgment in effect and in fact of a single member
of the court.
Now, from what experience I have had in courts,
my conclusion is, that the best court for the speedy
and correct dispatch of business is a unity, if the
man be entirely competent, and that you defeat
the objects of a court m proportion as you increase
the number of judges. I think, therefore, that
three judges are a better number for the dispatch
of business, for the correct and able dischaigeof
the duties of the court, and for a proper adminis-
tration of justice in that court, than five would
be. I .shall vote, therefore, for the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that I am pie-
pared tu vote upon this proposed am^ndinr nt unti I
a subsequent question is settled; and that is,
whether the judgments of this court aie to be final
or not. If they aie to be filial, I should think
there ought to be live judges: but if they are not
to be final, I should think three would be sufficient
to take a guess at a case, because it is only to be
a guess, and nothing more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking out the first section of the bill; and on
that question the yeas and navs have been ordei ed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from Iowa
will withd i a w th.it pi o position for a few moments,
I will make a motion that will settle the question
as to how'far tUe^c decisions are to be final.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not in favor of increasing
the number, whether they be made final or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you may get more
votes for your proposition if the amendment
should succeed.
Mr. GRIMES. I am against the whole bill, in
all its shapes and forms; but I will withdraw the
amendment in order to enable the Senator to offer
his.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
can be withdrawn only by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FESSE-NDEN. On looking at this bill I
find it was the .third section, as printed, which
provided that final judgments might be rendered
agamstthe United States in favor ofthe claimants.
The committee reported against that section, and
it has been striken out. The only provision,
therefore, which applies to that is the provision
in the eighth section, which seems to recognize
the fact—not providing for it dircctly—that these
decisions are to bo final. For the sake of testing
that question, I will move an amendment to that
section: to strike out all after the word "judg-
ment," m the third line of the eighth section,
down to and including the word " that," in the
twenty-ninth line, and inserting the word "and;"
so that it will read:
That the eoncunence of three of said judges shall be
necet>aiy to the icndiuoti of linal judgment, and any final
judgment rendeied again>t the claimant on any claim pros-
ecuted afon'i-UKl, mkiII forever bar any Author claim or
demand against the Ciuied !St,it06 aiit-ingouL of themaUer
involved in the controvei^y.
All that is proposed to be striken out is a pro-
vision with reference to the effect of a judgment
against the United States, supposing it to be final.
I propose, therefore, to strike that out in order to
test the question whether the Senate is disposed
to place in the hands of the court the power to
render final judgments against the United States.
The bill wili then be consistent with the action of
the Senate in striking out the third section, which
specifically provided that such judgments should
be final.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Secretary read it, to strike out all of sec-
tion eight, after the word ''judgment," in line
three, in the following words:
And in all case^ of final judgments by said couit. or on
appeal by the said Fupi fine Court where rhe same shall be
allnmed in fnvor of the clatmanf, the '<um found due there-
by shall be paid out of any geneial appiopriation made by
law loi the payment and saUflaction oi pitvale chains, on
prc^eiuntioti to the .Secretiuy of the Trciii-uty of a copy of
said judgment, cei titled by the clcrk of.said Com t of Claims,
and binned by the enief justice, or, in his absence, by the
presiding judge of said com t. And in cases when-* the judg-
ment appealed hom iv hi favor of said claimant; or the same
is atfnni''d by the said Supreme (Joint, interest thereon at
the rate ot live pei cent, shrill he allowed from the date
ot us presentation to the cVerc-tai y of the Treasury for pay-
ment an afuicsaid, but no interest shall be allowed subse-
quent to the afiiimance. unlos presented for payment to
the ^ectctary of the IV'aMit y a> afoiesaul: Provided) That
no interest shall he allowed on any Haim up to the time of
the lendition of the judgment by said Couit of Claim*, un-
less upon a eontiactexpie^iystipulating tor the payment of
intcre.-t, and it, shall be the duly of the Hcci etaiy of the
Tjeasuiv. at the commencement of each Congiesp, to in-
clude in In1-1 epoit a statement of all sumiJ paid at the Treas-
in \ on such judgment;-, together with the names of the par-
tie- in u lnwj iavor the same were allowed : And it is fur-
ther }>>ondc(l, That such pavtnent shall be a full de-charge
to the United States ot all claim or demand touching any
of the nmtteis involved in the controversy : Jind provided
fuilkeiy That.
And to insert the word " and " so that the sec-
tion will read:
That the concurrence of three of paid judges shall be ne-
cessary to the rendition of final judgment, and any final judg-
ment lendeiod against the claimant on any claim pio^'cutcd
a= aiore-rud Miali foiever b>u any fuithei claim oi demand
against the United States arising out ot the matters involved
in tin* eontiov>.r--y.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I will say a word in reply
to what has b( en said by the Senator from Maine,
that in order to produce harmony with th^ action
of the Senate, he moves to strike out the provis-
ions of tins section, winch have been read. The
bill is harmonious without striking out the pro-
visions of this section. The striking out of the
thnd section does not render it incongruous. It
wasintended thattlmjudgmentofthe court should
be no further final than not to reinvestigate the
case in Congress. It is not opening thuTieasuty
of the United States to the court. .Not a dollar
can be obtained on any judgment entered by this
Court of Claims until Congress makes the appro-
priation, It is true it is a general appropriation
that is to be made to pay judgments rendered hy.
the Court of Claims. But suppose such a' ease
comes to the knowledge of Congress as has been
instanced, I do not know but in the Senate,'at
any rate it has been suggested to me in conver-
sation, that some fraudulentcase may get through
the Court of Claims. If Congress ascertains that
fact, most assuredly we would except the pay-
ment of that judgment from any appropriation
that we made. We must pass a law to enable
these men to obtain payments for their judgments,
and when a case involving a fraud comes to our
knowledge, we will expressly except the payment
of that judgment out of the appropriation which
we shall make.
The bill, to begin with, provides that an appeal
shall be allowed to the Supreme Court of the uni-
ted States in every case involving a larger amount
than $3,000, and also in every case which may
become a rule for the decision of other cases. Sir',
can we not trust the Court of Claims in the first
place, and then the Supreme Court of the United
States, and then Congress, that it will make no
appropriation to pay the claim if it is an unjust
one? But the Senator from Iowa suggests that a
judgment having been obtained, it will be said,
" will you not pay your honest debts?" Why,
sir, it will not be an honest debt if you can show
there is any fraud in the judgment. It amounts,
at least, to a prima facie case against the Govern-
ment. We hold the purse strings of the Treas-
ury, and the judgments which have gone through
these tests of the Court of Claims and the Supreme
Court being presumed to be right, we shall appro-
priate to pay them, as a general rule. When it
appears, however, that a claim is an unjust one,
Congress will refuse to make an appropriation for
it in the general appropriation bill. If the Sen-
ator from Maine, when he introduces an appro-
pualion bill to pay the judgments of the Court of
Claims, is advised that some judgment has been
obtained which is unjust, ho will except it, and
insert a proviso that none of the money thus ap-
propriated shall go to the payment of that claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remarked that it would
only be in harmony with the action of the Senate
to strike out this provision. I did not use it as an
argument; because I wish to present this amend-
mentasatcstquestion. It will be observed, how-
ever, even upon that point, that this eighth section
goes on the idea of a provision made for the final-
ity of a claim against the Government. 11 assumes
it; and goes on to specify what shall be the course
in the case of a claim which has been thus allowed,
thus fixed, thus rendered, and thus rendered final,
while it has absolutely stricken out the provision
which made it final. If this is to remain, the third
section ought to be restored, for there ought to be
a positive provision to that effect.
But, sir, I am indifferent as to the forms. 1 will
waive the question of symmetry and come to the
substance. The Senator says that after all it is
in the hands of Congress. Js it not better to keep
it in the hands of Congress, instead of putting
upon Congress the duty of making out the affirm-
ative, as it would have to do in the case supposed
by the Senator. The Senator sSys that if a case
which had gone through the Court of Claims, and
been affirmed there as a just and valid one, and
had afterwards gone to the Supreme Court and
been affirmed there as a just and valid one, was
believed by Congress to be a fraudulent one, it
would* be very easy to make an exception of it in
the appropriation bill. What chance would Con-
gress have in such a case? It has to make out the
affirmative, in a case decided by these courts, that
it is fraudulent. What opportunity have we to
take testimony to make it out? We should stand
no chance whatever, if we believed it.
Then again, look at the aigument that would
be adduced. How should we get through with
our appropriation bills if we attempted to do any
such thing? h would be said: "Here is a claim
that has been allowed by two courts; first by the
Corn t of Claims, and then by the Supreme Court
ofthe United States on an appeal." If the Com-
mittee on Finance were to offer a provision tiiat
no part of the appropriations in the general appro-
priation bill should be applied to the payment of
such a. claim because Congress believed it was
was not just, that there had been a mistake about
it, what chance would that expression of belief
have, without an examination of the case,against
the opinion of the two courts, and with some gen-
