310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tlemen in the Seriate who were convinced by the n
claimant that it would bo a gross injustice to him >j
to set aside a decision of the Supreme Court of I
the United States on a bare suggestion? The thing j
would be idle; nothing would come of it. j
It is said that the power of appropriation will j
still remain in our hands. Sir, if you pass this j
bill, it will not be in our hands. When this bill is i
passed, providing for the payment of these claims j
in the way that is proposed, and the claims them- j
selves have been reduced to a judgment, it be- i
comes a simple matter of duty for Congress toap- i
propriate to pay them; it is a thing settled accord- j
ingto their own rules, and just as much a part of I
the annual appropriation bills, as a matter of j
course, as it is to pay the sums due for Indian trea- <
ties. You cannot vaiy it. It is provided for by
law. The mode of ascertaining claims against the
Government is fixed by law*, the claims arc ascer-
tained and decided in that way, and by our own
law the decision is made final upon the Govern-
ment; and as a matter of course, Congress could
not in good faith and decency refuse to make the.
appropriations to pay them. The idea that Con-
gress could have any power over the matter after
that, it strikes me, has no foundation whatever,
and the whole thing would be placed in the hands
of the court.
Now, sir, I object to this thing entirely. It
has never been done, within my knowledge, any-
where. It svas said in debate before, when this
bill was passed originally, and not denied, that
no Government on tin; face of the earth allows a
judgment against its Treasury to be final without
Slts acting on the specificclaim itself with reference
to it, whatever it may be. 1 do not know how
that is; but I am very certain it ought not to be so
in our form of Government; and that we must, m
times like these especially, and in the tunes before
us, hold our hands upon the purse strings, and not
allow any tribunal to be established to bind us
beyond any power of our own with regard to the
payment of claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I agree en-
tirely that the affnmative should be placed upon
Congress after a claim has passed the Court of
Claims and the Supreme Court of the United
States. 1 do think, notwithstanding what the Sen-
ator from Maine says, that the holder of an hon-
est claim has some rights. This bill provides for
casesgrowing out of contracts expiessor implied.
Where an individual lias entered into an agree-
ment with this Government,and this Government,
by the decision of its own Court of Claims, and
then by the Supieme Court, is found to be in-
debted to him, I say it ought to be a prima facie
case in his favor. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has told you to-day that, under ihe present
system, as the court is now organized, not more
than one claimant in ten has got his pay. If that
is so, what is the use of having a Court of Claims,
and sending honest claimants before it? I say
honest claimants, because, prima facie, they are
honest claimants when they have established tl\eir
claims, gone into court, met the counsel of the
Government, had their witnesses cross-examined,
the case investigated, and the court has decided
that they have a just and honest claim. And vet,
sir, we have not paid one in ten of those cases.
That has been the piactice as the court is now
organized. It is bccause I am in favor of making
the decision of this court, when it is rendered, at
least primafacie evidence of the justness of the
Haim, that I am for the bill. I say Congress has
the power to refuse an appropriation: and Con-
gress would exercise that power when it believed
a fraudulent claim had been allowed. lint, says
the Senator from Maine, would the suggestion of
such a belief amount to anything against the de-
cisions of the court? No, sir; and a mere sug-
gestion ought not to amount to anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senatot answer
mc, how is Congress to establish the affirmative?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It could establish it by
investigating the matter. On the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine that a claim was fraudulent,
I have no doubt Congress would refer to one of
its committees the investigation of the matter. He
wouid not make such a suggestion unless there
WA3 some basis for it, and then we would inves-
tigate .such a case, and except it from the general
appropriation that we made. But 1 think we ought
to treat as prima facie correct the judgment of the
court. That is the object of this bill. If that is
not right, then the Senator's motion ought to pre-
vail, and we ought to strike it out and have this
outside committee here to investigate claims atau
expense of thousands of dollars to the Govern-
ment, take testimony all over the country, appoint
solicitors on the part of the Government to cross-
examine witnesses, and then let them make their
reports here, and pay no attention whatever to
them, and not pay one in ten of the cases upon
which they have reported favorably. We are very
ready to confirm the opinions of the Court of
Claims when they report adversely.
Now, sir, I have never been known as an ad-
vocate of chums. 1 have generally been pretty
strict in my course of action in regard to them.
It is but very few of them that I vote for, not hav-
ing time to investigate them personally; but I hold
that we ought to pay an honest creditor of this
Government. Theie is an obligation upon us to
do so; and it is wrong for the Congress of the
United States to refuse to investigate claims be-
cause. they have not the time to do it, and refuse
to provide any tribunal that shall investigate them.
I think we may be safe in passing such a bill as
this. Tiiis amendment, however, brings up the
whole question, and I hope the Senate will decide
by its vote whether the court is to remain as it is,
or whether some effect is to be given to its decis-
ions.
Mr. HALE. I think, sir, when some future
Gibbon shall write the history of the decline and
fall of the great Republic, and shall give the indi-
cations which marked its progress to decay, one
of them will be that about the year of grace 1863
j the Thirty-Seventh Congress took it into their
| head that they were wiser than everybody that
' went before them, and departed from all the pre-
j cedents established by their fathers, and started
[ out on new, untried, and extravaganttheories and
I notions. Sir, from the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution to this time, the Congress of
the United.States have been jealous upon this
subject. They would never allow a dollar to be
taken out of the Treasury on a verdict of twelve
men, and ajudgmeut of law that the verdict should
stand. From time immemorial the Government
has sued its debtors; the debtors have filed set-
offs, and judgments have been found m their favor
for large amounts, and so certified by the presid-
ing judge; but it has been of no sort of use to
them. They could not go to the Treasury and
get their money for it. They could not get a dol-
lar for it until it came here and was investigated.
Since I have been a member of the Senate, I be-
lieve we have awarded something like $180,000
to a single claimant, a citizen from Pennsylvania,
whom the Government had prosecuted and per-
secuted, and that sum was found due to him on a
set-off; but he could not get it until he came hete
and went through the legular tribunals, and went
tluough the constitutional tribunals appointed to
guard the Treasuiy—the Congress of the United
States.
But, sir, we are going to give to this new Court
of Claims power that we have denied and that
our fathers have denied always to any and every
court; that you deny now to your circuit courts
of the United States, and to your Supreme Court
of the United States. You propose to vest this
court with power that you have denied to the
highest courts in the land. It js to mea tendency
full of evil import. There are other things in
which we have started wild, and departed from
the precedents and practices of our fathers, show-
ing that some unaccountable delusion has seized
upon us, or that God has foisaken us, and let the
wisdom winch used to guard our fathers be ab-
sent from our counsels.
1 trust that v;e shall make no such dangerous
experiment as this; and, sir, let me say that the
time for making such an alteration in our funda-
mental law js peculiarly inappiopiiate. What
will be the effect of it? If it has any effect at all,
it will open your Tieasury to untried and innu-
merable ca^'.es of contracts that will ause in all the
dep "u tments of the operations of your Army, your
quarternmstei's depaitment, and everything else.
Matters of contract will come up*, and if this Gov-
ernment continues to exist and you pass this bill,
our Treasury ages hence will be paying for horses
that are not yet born, lost in this war. [Laughter.]
I trust, when there is such a wide door as this
open, that we shall not m this manner open the
Treasury to these men. I think, sir, if we were
erer to have such a law, that this of all times and
of all occasions is the worst and the most fatal;
and 1 do hope that this feature of it will not pass.
Do anything else, but do not do this. Let us at
least hold on to this. The idea that Congress will
have any control over this matter is more fal-
lacious even than the Senator from Maine sug-
gested; for these appropriations are to be made in
advance. Congress makes its appropriations in
advance; we make our appropriations in advance
for the year ending the 30th of June next. These
appropriations thus made in advance, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will be obliged to pay, and
pay immediately; and there will be no hold upon
him, no check, no balance. He is not to come
here, after the judgment is rendered, and ask an
appropriation to pay the judgment; but these ap-
pro}) liatio us, in nine cases out of ten, will be made
in advance; and the momenta man gets his certifi-
cate, whether it is fraudulent and false, or true and
honest, it will make no odds, the law is there;
the Secretary of the Treasury will pay them, and
be bound to pay them. For these and many
other reasons I hope this section will be stricken
out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not know, Mr. Pres-
ident, that I exactly agree with any of the Senators
who have spoken in regard to this bill. When the
bill under which the Court of Claims is oigauized
became a law, I was not satisfied with that meas-
ure, for the particular reason that it did not make
the judgment final; and 1 will now undertake to
express some of my views with regard to this
matter.
How does it come that the Government is not
liable to suit ? It is derived simply from the notion
of the old kings and potentates of the world, that
they could do no wrong. It was not provided by
any terms m our organic law, either the Constitu-
tion of the Federal Government or of the States,
that the Government or the States could not be
sued; but they made the Government inherit the
rights of kings. This Government, as different
from otherGovernments, was made for the people
of the country. 1 would like to ask by what rule
of right we can protect the Government against
honest and just liability more than you can pro-
tect a citizen ? Every citizen in the Republic if
subject to the judgment of the courts to the extent
of his life and his property. Why not the Gov-
ernment ? The Senator from Maine has said that
other Governments reserved to themselves the
same right that this Government does; but it is
not by legislative acts, not in Senate or Assembly,
not in a House of Commons or House of Lords
that these things are determined in other Govern-
ments, but by courts or commissions organized
under the Government, the acts of which are final;
and they go into the budgets and are made part
of the appropriations every current year'. There
is no civilized Government in the world organized
on anything like this basis, where committees
of any legislative branch are charged with the
investigation of claims. Properly organized de-
partments of the Government investigate them,
and when they have passed upon them, cither
upon legal or equitable ground, they go to the
Government to be adjusted; whether to the Lords
in Parliament or to the House of Commons fof
appropriations—to the proper department of the
Government, to be paid.
Now, what is the fact? We have two Com-
mittees on Claims, and we have claims going be-
fore the Post Oftce Committee, the Military Com-
mittee, or Naval Committee, as the case belongs
to those several Departments. It may he that
there is not a person ca]iabie of in vesti^ati ngsc.nct-
ly a legal question on any of those committees.
The members can understand the justice and mer-
its of claims, but they may not be technical law-
yers. It is not their business to investigate them
by the examination of testimony pro and con.
They only get the prima facie case of the person
demanding relief, as a general rule. They have
charged upon themselves all the business of legis-
lation, as well as the investigation of claims, arm
I undertake to say it is impossible, as the two
Houses of Congress are organized, fur the Com-
mittee on Claims, however able they may be, oi
howc vor willing they may be, to give to the proper
and legitimate claims against the Government the
same fair and just consideration that a court can
which is organized for the purpose.
Gentlemen say that we as a body should not
