1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
February 24,
character of the Federal Government. It is a Gov-
ernment federative in its form. It is a Union of
States. This provision looks to converting it into
a consolidated Government. Already the Presi-
dent has the power by law to create an army of
one million two hundred thousand men; he has
now the power of arming hundreds of thousands
of liberated slaves; and your bank bill, passed a
few days since, gives him, as I think, absolute
control of the moneyed interests of the States; and
now you propose to add to this overgrown and
enormous power the right to call out, organize,
and officer the entire militia force of the United
States, without the intervention of the State au-
thorities. Sir, can it be denied that such power
as this is absolute and unlimited ?
But again, sir, this bill confers on the President
the power to appoint and station in each congres-
sional district of the United States a band of in-
formers called provost marshals, thus inaugura-
ting a system, the most odious and oppressive,
which I had hoped never to see established or at-
tempted in this country. These characters, sir,
have been regarded in all countries and in all time
as infamous, as the creatures and tools of tyrants,
as enemies of free government, and the certain in-
dices of national corruption and decay. No people
that will patiently submit to this system can long
reui i n its freedom. Sir, no scheme could be in vented
by the party in power more calculated to add to
its unpopularity than this. Then the powers
which this act confers on the ready doers of ex-
ecutive will. They are required to " inquire into
and report all treasonable practices to the Provost
Marshal General." Sir, what is this new offense
created by this act? What is treasonable prac-
tice? These informers are to invade the privacy
of families; put into operation a system of espion-
age like that which cursed France under Fouche;
question and tamper with servants; inquire into
and report u treasonable practices." I ask, again,
what are they? Where in the Constitution and
laws of the United States are they defined and
punished? To what great work on law, or to
what statute or to what reported cases will you
apply for the definition of this term? Treason is de-
fined distinctly in the Constitution of the United
States. It is made to consist in levying war against
the United States, adhering to the enemy, giving
tin m aid and comfort. But this is not what is
meant by treasonable practice. This is treason,
ami if this had been meant, it would have been
called treason. Then we would have known the
nitne and the punishment.
In lesponse to an inquiry made last evening by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Valx,andi<:uam,}
in the course of his able and conclusive argument
against this bill, what was meant by the expres-
sion " treasonable piaccices," some gentleman
said "it was adhri in<; to the enemy, giving them
aid and comfort." Uut this is no "treasonable
practice," it is treason, and you have no right to
call it by any other name. If you mean treason,
call it so. No, sir, this offense created by this
bill, for which parties must he reported to the au-
thorities here, is left vague and undefined, so that
no man can know how to avoid it, when it is com-
mitted, what it is; but the whole matter is left in
the breast of the informer, (miscalled provost
marshal,) who defines it at his own absolute dis-
cretion. Is this not only to be allowed, but pro-
vided for by law? Provost marshals arc well
known and iceognized by martial law, and have
their duties ascertained and fixed by that law and
the piactice of war. But they belong to the Army
like courts-martial, and do not come within the
scope and power of the Congress of the United
{States under tiie Constitution. This thing looks
to me, sir, like an attempt to pervert the consti-
jutiona! provisions on the subject of treason, and
establish the odious and infamous doctrine of
♦'construct) vo treason," never known to our laws,
and unknown to the laws of England since the
ilnys of Edward 111.
I object to the bill, because it provides that per-
sons away from the Army, officers on furlough or
leave, far from the Army and its operations, shall
be tried for eiimes committed, not by the crim- j
inal courts of the country, by juries, and accord- j
ing to the forms of trio 1 and laws of the State '
wheie the cjiino may have been committed, but
by coutts-inartial. I object to it, because it au-
thorizes ihese informers to arrest citizens of the
United States without warrant and without proof
of guilt, and subjects them to protracted impris-
onment, at the will and pleasure of these agents
of the Government, and denies to them that speedy
trial which is every citizen's constitutional right.
And I earnestly submit that the effort to pass a
bill through this House, fraught with all these
new and objectionable provisions, without oppor-
tunity to amend it, is utterly unprecedented in the
history of American legislation.
Mr. Speaker, why is this measure called for at
this time? The answer, sir, is one which must
be very galling to the pride of the Administration
and its supporters, ft is a complete confession
of incompetency to manage the stupendous war
in which it finds itself involved—a most humilia-
ting and reluctant acknowledgment that its meas-
ures have been mistakes, its policy a blunder. We
were told by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] the other day that no more volun-
teers could be had from the North. We have seen
that no reliance can be placed on the negro troops.
We know that desertions from the Army in great
numbers are of daily occurrence. Indeed, this
evil has become so extended and alarming that
especial provision is made to cure it in this very
bill by the agency of these provost marshals. The
expiration of the terms of service of thousands of
volunteers is rapidly approching, and it is known
that among them an almost insuperable objection
to reenlisting exists, and is increasing.
These, Mr. Speaker, are the reasons why the
Administration now comes to Congress and asks
for this enormous power. We are told that this
measure will remove all the difficulties that sur-
round us, and enable the Government to carry on
the war with renewed vigor to a successful term-
ination. Sir, if this were all true, I could notsup-
port the bill. Believing, as I do, that its provisions
are subversive of the Constitution, and that its
passage would establish a precedent dangerous to
the liberties of the people—if not directly destruc-
tive of those liberties—I could not, in view of my
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, give the bill the sanction of my vote. But
I do not believe that this bill would remove the
difficulties in the way of the Government. I be-
lieve that it would increase and multiply them.
Mr. Speaker, let us examine into the cause of this
dead-lock oftheGovernment. Let lis inquire why
it is that no moie volunteers ca"Yi be obtained; why
it is that our soldiers are so much dissatisfied;
why desertions aredaily occurring;, and why those
whose terms of service expire will not reenlist?
Sir, 1 charge that the cause of all this is to be found
in the measures and policy of the President and
the party in power, it is to bo found in the fact
now patent, that the whole policy of the President
and his party, in the conduct of the war, has been
changed; that this change has been both in the ob-
ject of the war and in the means used for conduct-
ing it.
The President, in his inaugural address, in his
message to Congiess at its extra session, and in
his instructions through his Secretary of State to
our foreign ministers, so clearly and distinctly,
and, as we thought, so honestly, announced his
purposes in the prosecution of the war, and the
means intended to be used for that purpose, that
nearly the whole public mind was agreed in its
convictions on these points; and the expression of
approbation of the indicated policy of the Admin-
istration svas almost universal. "Everybody un-
derstood that the President desired only to put
flown the rebellion by armed force, since the rebels
had appealed to arms and commenced the war by
the attack on Sumter, but that he desired to ac-
complish by it no political, nor party, nor sectional
object; and that after the reduction of the rebel-
lion m the so-called seceded States, those States,
with all the powers belonging to them as States,
would be in the Union just as though no rebellion
had occurred within their borders; and that, in
putting down the rebellion, no means should be
resorted to but such as were sanctioned by the
Constitution and laws of the United States. Con-
gress, at its extra session, united with the Exec-
utive m giving these assurances to the country and
the world, by the passage of the well-known Crit-
tenden resolutions. Sir, I ask the question, have
those pledges and professions been observed; has
faith been kept with the country by the Piesident
and the Republican party? No, sir; no, sir. This
war is no longer a war solely to put down rebellion;
it is a wnr to abolish slavery, It is no longer a war
to reestablish the authority of the Constitution and
laws of the United States over rebels against that
authority, but a war to change the whole social
character and condition of at least eleven States
of this Union. It is a war for sectional and party
purposes.
Some time since, when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyens] was avowing some
sentiment of contempt for the Constitution, and
throwing out with his usual boldness and ability
some startling dogma, I charged that whatever
might have been the case at the commencement of
the war, he now stood in this House the leader
of the Administration party, and the exponent ot
the opinions and policy of the Administration.
Some few members on that side of the House dis-
avowed his doctrines and denied his leadership.
He replied that it had always been his lot to be
in advance of every political party with which he
had ever acted; but that he had always managed
to indoctrinate it with his sentiments; that at the
beginning of the war and this Congress he had,
as heretofore, been greatly in advance of the opin-
ions of the Republican party, but that he had suc-
ceeded in infusing into ltmany of hisviews which
it then refused to accept; that he entertained many
yet which that party was not just now ready to
sanction, but that he would educate it into their
adoption.
Sir, this assertion of that distinguished gentle-
man is true. He has educated the President and
the Republican party up to their present posi-
tions. When they came into power they avowed
that all that was intended of a national or party
character was to prohibit slavery in the Territories
of the United States, but that they were determ-
ined to respect it in the States where it existed, and «
see that the " fugitive slave act was enforced."
But sea reel y had Congress assembled, at the extra
Mission, when the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the Moses of the Republicans,
whose mission it is to bring them up out of the
dark wilderness of a constitutional and lawful ob-
servance of the rights of States and of citizens, in
which they have been wandering so long, into the
pure and clear light of abolitionism and " higher
law," commenced his manipulations. You all
know, sir, with what want of consideration the
emancipation plan of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] was received. You all
remember with what little favor the first proposi-
tions of confiscation were regarded, and how mod-
est and limited in its operation the first act of con-
fiscation was. You know, sir, and the House
knows with what reluctance the President signed
even that bill.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] and his great allies, Horace Greeley and
Wendell Phillips, and all his little allies in this
House, began their pressure on the President and
the Republican party. In vain the President from
time to time besought his friends, and those who
had not been his friends, to relieve him from this
pressure. The gentleman from Pennsylvania and
his allies persevered. They demanded of the Pres-
ident his proclamation of emancipation; he re-
fused. Again they demanded it; he refused again,
but more faintly, and exhibited himself in his let-
ter to his " dear friend Greeley" in the most pit-
iable and humiliating attitude in which an Amer-
ican President was ever exhibited to the American
people. He had previously begged the border
slave State representatives not to hurry him into
a quarrel with Greeley, giving us to understand
clearly that a quarrel was imminent—that he never
could lend himself to Greeley's purposes and
wishes, but begged us to let him select the time
and occasion for the rupture. But the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and his allies in the God-given
mission of universal emancipation still pressed
him, and educated him and the Republicans. Be-
coming somewhat doubtful of the success of their
teachings at last, and fearing that earthly influ-
ences, even when urged by such potent men, might
fail, they concluded to "call spirits from the vasty
deep."
The committee of divines from Chicago, armed
with authority from the other but not the better
world, was brought to aid in the pressure, but
apparently in vain. Sir, do you remember the
reply of the President to that committee ? It was
conclusive and unanswerable. The reasons given
for refusing to proclaim the freedom of the slaves
in the rebel States are perfectly irrefutable. " I
