1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
court. The amendment that I propose confines
it to the time when the plea is filed, and requires
Eroof as to whether or not he does, at that time,
ear true allegiance to the Government. I think
that is all that should be required of the party.
We cannot expect that the state of things which
now exists will last forever. Suppose there should
be a settlement of this whole difficulty, and that
those States which have gone off should all be
restored, certainly then we should not have our
courts so organized as to prevent citizens from
bringing suits in them. This proviso seems to
indicate that these persons will forever be in re-
volt. I think we should legislate with the view
that those people who are astray now in this coun-
try may at some time come back.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
we can hardly take a vote on this bill to-day.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we can.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is now
nearly four o'clock, and I desire an executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall take a vote
on the proposition which is pending.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. 1 feel strongly impressed with
the reasons given by the Senator from Kentucky
why this provision should bp stricken out or mod-
ified. I have been from the first exceedingly averse
to saddling every bill that we pass with some me-
mento of this rebellion—something which is to
come up like the ghost of Banquo at all times here-
after, for the purpose of opening wounds which
ought, if healed, to remain healed. 1 am opposed,
too, Mr. President, to imposing any obligations
upon the suitor when he comes into a court of
justice, in order to entitle him to that justice. If
he has been guilty of any offense against the laws,
the proper course is to indict him by law, and
punish him for it; but to stop him when he comes
into a court of justice, where he is not prepared
to answer, where he cannot he supposed to have
a fair trial, and that trial, which is guarantied to
him by the Constitution and the laws, before you
allow him to be heard or his cause to be tried, is
to me a violation of all principle. It seems to me
to be striking at the very root and foundation of
the system under which we all expect to '-njoy
our rights.
Now, take a case, if you please. Why, Mr.
President, the day may come when m\ abolition-
ist will be called to halt upon the liueshold of
this court; the day may come when judges and
when Congi ess ir.j v decide that he has aided and
abetted this rebellion, and attempted to give it
furtherance and comfoit. But suppose the suitor
comes into a court of justice, how is he to be tried ;
how is this question of his fidelity to the Constitu-
tion and the laws of the country to he determined
in a Court of Claims' Under the Constitution lie
has a right, first, to be piesented by a grand jury;
then he has a right to be tiied by a petit jury;
he has the right to he tried in the district where
the offense was committed. He has a thousand
rights which will all be taken away if he is to be
stopped here m this court, and put to such an
issue as that. 1 hope it will be deemed sufficient
that the petitioner, m his petition, swears that he
is a citizen, and that h" bears true allegiance to
the Government: and then we shall get rid, if pos-
sible, if we are ever to get rid of the recollections
of this unfortunate condition of ail airs. Let the
waters of Lethe roll over u all; and if we do ex-
pect to succeed, a-id if we do expect to restore
the Government, and to bung back the ancient,
good oid times, we must have more chanty for
one another, and let us administer the laws as
they have been iieietofoie administered, and not
introduce th"se new things.
Mr. CLARK Mr-. President, the burdens im-
posed upon the Government, and especially upon
the Treasury, have been canst d by these rebels.
The Government is loaded with debt. Now, what
sense or propriety is there in permitting these reb-
els to put their hands into the Treasury and get
what little there is left? I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I think there is great propri-
ety, when these men come into court, of making
each one of them say under oath on the threshold,
UI have been an honest man, and hav* not been
false to this Government"—not put the affirma-
tive upon the Government, nor let the waters of
Lethe roil over these men. Let them settle their
accounts with the Government, and then we can
talk about pardon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say in
answer to a suggestion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that men may swear that they are citi-
zens and bear true allegiance. Prom that I infer
that the Government could not make any con-
tracts with foreigners, or if it did that we were not
bound to pay them. That, surely, ought not to
be so. The bill ought to be amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messic. Cowan, Haulm?, MeDougall, Powell,
SauKburv, and Wilson ot'Missouri—6.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Arnold. Browning, Chandler,
Claikj Cotl.imci, Da\ i>, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Field,
Foot,'Foster, Hale, Ilailavi, Ham*, Henderson, Hicks,
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Pomeioy, Sherman, Sumner,Ten Eyck,Tiuiubull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright
—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 14, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton*.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
UTAH INDIANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from.the Secretary of the Interior, asking for an
appropriation for the support of the Utah and
other Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
1 ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill to
construct a ship canal, for the passage of armed
vessels, be postponed till Tuesday next, and made
a special order.
The SPEAKER. That bill is not before the
Mouse.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask consent that it be
postponed till that day.
Mr. FIOLMAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to inquire what
the situation of that bill is. I understood that it
was before the House.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of sundry resolutions
introduced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] his coiien^ue, [Mr. Wright,]
and the gentlemen fimu Ohio and Kentucky,
[Messrs. Vallandigham and Wickxiffe,] in
iclation to the object of the war
Mr. OLIN. YVere those resolutions made the
apooidl order for the dav?
The SPEAKER. They were postponed to
yfsteiday; but the special order took precedence.
Mr. OLIN. So was the canal bill postponed
till yesterday.
The SPEAKER. It was postponed till yester-
day, and lost Us place.
Mr. OLiN. I move to postpone the consider-
ation of thosse resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from P< nn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the iloor.
Mr, STEVENS, t move to postpone the
farther consideration of the n solutions whteh I
introduced until Tuesday next, and that they be
made the special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to any post-
ponement. I intend to have this canal lull taken
up.
Mr. STEVENS, r suppose the gentleman can-
not have it taken up unless the House please.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 desire to speak
on the resolution which was offered by myself*
and which was also postponed till to-day; but 1
understand that it is the wish of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and of the House generally.,
that the bill for the issue of Treasury notes shall
be taken up and continued until disposed of. I
will not, therefore, press the matter, if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will agree to postpone it
till to-morrow, instead of till next Tuesday. I
do not desire to be delayed any longer, and trust
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will accept my
suggestion in that regard.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I find thai
there are several gentlemen upon that side of thsa
House, as well as upon this, who desire to speak
upon the pending question. It is so important
that I do not feel at liberty to attempt to arrest
debate until Friday next, at which time I expect
the House to vote on it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One word further,
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania understands, when the dispo-
sition of his resolutions comes up, that I am en-
titled to the floor, and have the right to speak an
hour. I do not like to take advantage of my po-
sition; but 1 would be glad to have my hour to-day
or to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course I cannot regulate
the gentleman's conduct. I move the postpone-
ment of my resolutions until next Friday, because
I do not wish them to stand in the way of the
regular business.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It will not inter-
fere with the regular business. A portion of what
I have to say will apply to the bill under consid-
eration iu the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and as no time will be lost, I prefer
to go on now.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the further
consideration of the resolutions be postponed
until the second Tuesday of February next.
On a division, there were—ayes 29, noes 20.
Mr. SHEFFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not oidered.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Mo«sr$. Aldrich, Alley, Baker, Baxter, Jacob B.
filau, Blake, William G. Btown, Buffinton, Casey, Uftswv-
beilain, ('lark, Clements Cu:-lield, Cutler, Dawes, Dueli,
Jidgeiton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Sammd C. Fes^cnden,
Thomas A. I). Fe^enden, Fi.-her, Fumchot, Goodwin,
Ilaijrht, Harrison, fluielmn, Julian, KetU-y, Francis W.
Kellotfi*, William Kellogg, Landing, Looivm, JLoVPjoy,
Eow.'.YXi-IOim, Mayuaid," Noel!, Ohn, Porter, Potter, John
H. Riee, Kiddle, Saigent, Slmnk?, Sheffield, Sheltobarger,
Sherman, Sloan. iSeiijamm F. Thorns, Fiancis* Thomas-,
Van Horn, Van Val ken burgh, Washburue. Albert S. White,
Woodiuft, ami Worcester—58.
N'AYS—Messrs. William Allen, Bidflle, Bingham, Col-
lax, Fiederick A. Uonklmg, llo.^eoe Conkluig, Corning,
Crittenden, Dunlnp.Gnder,'Hall. Harding* llolmaiu Hoop-
ei, Knapp, Law, Laze#. Lehman, Mr Knight, Mcl'heison,
I\i>nzies, Ju&tin S. Morn!!, Moms, ,Y..\ni:, Noble, Norton,
TVugen, Tunotlu G Phelj , Pike, Prn-e, i>hvatd II Rollins,
yhie!, Smith,Steven*. Stile*, Train,Trimble, Ttowbridge,
Vftilamligham, Vibbard, W'aid, Chilton A. White, and
Wii.-on— S3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved that tho reading of
the roll be dispensed with.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Tho vote wasthen announced as above recorded.
The motion,as amended, was agreed to; so tlmt
the resolutions weie postponed until the second
Tuesday of February next.
KEBEhLION' OF THE SECEDING STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the next question in
order to he the adoption of the following resolu-
tions, submitted by the gentleman Mom Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Wright:]
lii'solreil by the Jlowa of Rr-pracntaliies of the United
Sfatrsin Cnn^i cs* as<embled: 1. That the rebellion on the
pail nl the ^feeding skate* against ihe (jovernttieut and
i.nv- '•(' tin- Union win dehhetatciy wicked and without
HMsonabir cau-c; the compact ol union being poipetual,
noSi.it" hu-> tin: constitutional power to foicibly recede,
and that there was no grievance, real or imaginaiy, upon
the part of the seceding States, ibr the redress of winch the
Constitution does not t'urm-h ample remedies.
:2. That the lebelhou being m contravention of the Con-
stitution am! laws, it the duty of tho Government to put
it down without regard to coift or the consequences that
may befall tho>-e engaged in it, and all necc*saiy constitu-
tional mearH tor this purpose, and this alone, -houid be
fumi-hed by the people; that inasmuch as the great and
wicked crime invoked the power or the sword, the war
should be prosecuted wkn all the vigor and strength and
