1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
have not the power to do it," said the President,
"and if 1 had, the proclamation would be impo-
tent; it would be like the Pope uttering his bull
against the comet." We then supposed that the
matter had been settled, that relying on truth and
right, the President had resolved to shake himself
free of the unwholesome influences that surround-
ed him, and plant himself on the Constitution.
But scarcely had this confidence entered the great
conservative heart of the country, when, feeble
or false,or both, frightened at the idea of a quarrel
with his "dear friend Greeley," or yielding to the
teachingsof the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or
intending from the first to violate his pledges to
those who trusted in them, he suddenly, without
noticc, without the slightest intimation that his
opinions as expressed to the Chicago committee
had undergone any change, issued his celebrated
proclamation of emancipation. Sir, it took the
public by surprise. It came upon the country like
a clap of thunder in a clear sky. Well might the
gentleman from Pennsylvania boast that he had
always educated the members of political parties
with which he had acted up to his ideas and posi-
tions. Who, sir, of the Republican party, who
had been told at the beginning of this Congress
that he could have been brought to the point of
sustaining the President in a proclamation of
•emancipation of the slaves throughout the rebel
States, but would have denied it with indignant
scorn ?
Mr. ICELLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr.MALLORY. Idonotyield. Mr.Speaker,
1 do not intend to apply the remark to the gentle-
man at all, for I suppose he was perfectly willing
to take that ground at that time, and always has
been since he left the Democratic party, where, I
understand, he was the most ultra pro-slavery
man to be found in it. [Laughter.]
Mr. ICELLEY. I now ask the gentleman, as
he has seen fit to make a personal remark, to
yield me the floor for one moment.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I was a member of the Dem-
ocratic party, Mr. Speaker, and so long as it ad-
hered to the teachings of Thomas JefTeison and
Andrew Jackson, I remained a devoted member
of that party; but when it threw down all the
sacred barriers of human rights, I stood by the
principles and teachings of the fathers, and went
for freedom and the Constitution of the United
States. [Applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The Chair again gives noticc to the
galleries that the order of the House must be pre-
served.
Mr. ROBINSON. I demand now that the gal-
leries be cleared.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope the mo-
tion will not extend to the side galleries.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not to the ladies'galleries,
or to the diplomatic gallery.
Mr. JOHNSON. I observe that the disorder
proceeds from the same set of persons who come
here night after night and make this disturbance.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. 1 move to lay on the
table the motion to cleai the galleries.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I call the attention of the Chair to the
9th rule of the House, which fixes his duty with-
out a vote of the House. It is true the House
may order the galleries to be cleared; but the
Chair has the right, and 1 think is bound to exer-
cise the power:
" In case of any disturbance or disorderly conduct in the
%, galleues or lobby, the Speaker or Chairman shall have
power to Older the same to bo cloared."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The Chair has the power
of ordering the galleries to be cleared; but it has
been the general usage, on manifestations of ap-
plause, to notify the galleries that on a repetition
of the offense the galleries will be cleared. The
supposition is that the disorder is occasioned by
strangers in the galleries.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are the same old set,
sir,
Mr.BLAIR,of Virginia. I object todiscussion.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his motion, and that the
motion to clear the galleries will be also with-
drawn.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. WOOD called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table the motion to clear the
galleries.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsms. Aldrich, Alloy, Ancona, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Baker, Baxter, lieatnan, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S.
Bi.iu, Blake, William G. lirown, Butfinton, Campbell, Ca-
sey, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Oovode, Cravens, Cutler,
Davis, Dunn, Erigertnn, Eliot, Ely, Ponton, Sninnei O.
Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot,
Fiank, Grider, Gurley, Flahn, Haight, Hale, Hickman,
Hooper, lloitoti, Iliuehins, Julian, Kellcy, Francis W.
Kellogg, Ktllmger, Lehman, LooniN, Lovejoy, Low, Mc-
Kean, McKnu?ht. Mcpherson, Malloiy, Maynard, Moor-
head, Anson J*. MortilJ, Justin S. Monill, Nixon, Noel!,
Fatten, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter,
Riddle, Edward U. Rollins, James S. Rollins Sargent,
Seg.tr, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding,
John B. Steele, Francis Thomas, Troivbijdgc, Van Horn,
Vcriee, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Webster, Wheel-
er, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wi^on, Wmdom, and Wor-
cester—91.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Bally,
Calvert, Clements, i'Vdeuck A. Conkling, Cormng, Cox,
Cnsfield, Crittenden, Dawes, Goodwin, Maiding, Johnson,
Keirigan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, May, Menzies, Noble,
Norton, Nu^en, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson, Sheffield,
Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Vallandigliam, Voorhees, Wadswoith, Ward,
Chilton A. White, Wicklitfe, Wood, Woodiuff, and Yea-
man—41.
So the motion was laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was leceived from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was diiected to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (No. 534) for the relief of Caroline T.
Renshaw;
An act (No. 537) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to certain puichasers on the Soscol Ranche,
in the State of California;
An act (No. 564) to amend an act entitled "An
at- to authorize the employment of volunteers to
aid in enforcing the laws and protecting the pub-
lic propeity," approved July 22, 1861; and
An act (No. 565) for the removal of the Sisso-
ton, "Waliputon, Medawakanton, and Wahka-
poota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians; and for
the disposition of their lands in Minnesota and
Dakota.
The message further announced that the Senate
had indefinitely postponed bill of the House No.
763, to build a wagon road for the use of the Mil-
itary Academy from West Point, in the county
of Orange, Slate of New York, to Cornwall Land-
ing, in said county.
CONSCRIPTION ACT—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will announce
that, under the rules, he has the power, and it is
his duty, to order the galleties to be cleared when
they are guilty of disorderly conduct; and that if
approbation or dissent is again expressed in ref-
erence to what occurs on the floor of the House,
he will oidcr them to be cleared.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, when 1 was
interrupted i believe I was endeavoring to follow
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
in his educational process. I-Ie brought the Re-
publican party up to his position of declaring the
slaves of rebels, used in any way to promote the
rebellion, free; he pressed the President, against
his public and private pledges, to proclaim the
freedom of all the slaves in the rebel States; he
and his allies have educated the Republican paity
into the belief in the power of the Executive, un-
der the Constitution, to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, and have prevailed on the President to
exercise that power, even in States not in rebel-
lion against the Government, where the laws could
have been enforced by the ordinary procedure in
the established courts, and summarily and arbi-
trarily, without legal warrant and in contempt of
the requirements of law; to imprison for a long
period of time innocent citizens, who have been
refused information as to the cause of their arrest,
and who have been discharged without having
been allowed counsel or trial, or even a statement
of the charges against them; and all this in loyal
States, remote from the operation of the armies,
where even the plea of necessity and self-preser-
vation could not be urged in justification or defense
of sueh acts. And now a bill is pending m the
Senate, having passed this Housu, to indemnify
the President and all his underlings against all
liability for damages to those whose personalfib-
erty has been violated, and which* in sortie form,
will undoubtedly become a law.
Sir, at the beginning of this Congress would not
any man, in- view of the conservative and mod-
erate opinions and professions of thcPresidentand
Republican party, who had foretold that a year
would not elapse before, with the sanction of this
Presidentand by the direction of this Republican
party, the slaves of the South would be armed
against their masters,and given to understand that
they would be aided in their efforts against those
masters by the Army of the United States, been
set down as a madman? Yet, sir, this has all come
to happen. This is the law on the statute-book.
But 1 tell you, sir, that a Urge, I believe an over-
whelming majority of the truly loyal people of the
loyal States regard this proclamation of freedom
as utterly unconstitutional, null, and void, as it has
been pronounced by the loyal and able patriotic
Governor of Kentucky, and despise and denounce
it. U has not freed a slave, and it never will free a
slave. Itis,asthePrcsidentknewand pronounced
it, more " brutumfulmcnand I am equally sure
that popular sentiment has equally condemned
the policy of arming the negro. Facts have lately
established the truth of my declaration to thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania last summer," that the
service of negro soldiers in the field would never
pay the expense of arming and equipping them—
one shot from a cannon would disperse a thou-
sand." The rout uf some four hundred lately on
the St. Mary's rivci by twenty rebels, and the cap-
ture of their arms and camp equipage, proves
this to be true, and that this policy is really as
effective a means as could be devised to provide
the rebels with arms and munitions of war, as they
will be certain to capture all that you furnish to
your negro army. All you can ever gain by this
policy will be the burning of some houses, per-
haps, and the murder of some helpless women and
children, and for yourselves the condemnation of
history and the abhorrence and denunciation of
the civilized world.
Sir, what I have portrayed exhibits the influ-
ence of a few men of strong will and vigorous in-
tellects over the comparatively feeble and unthink-
ing members of a political party—an influence that
will be exerted for good ijguided by goodness and
patriotism, but productive of stupendous evil if
animated by a selfish ambition or fanaticism.
Sir, seeing the boasted influence exerted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and his allies in the
recent education of the Presidentand Republican
party, are we not furnished with proof amounting
almost to demonstration that his teachings will be
equally potential in the future, and that schemes
and measures now being digested by him, but yet*
regarded with aversion by them,will surely become
the policy of this Administration and the dominant
party? fie and Greeley and Phillips and another
whose name it is not in order to call in this House,
have set their hearts o^ Africanizing the South.
They have abandoned the idea of colonizing the
slaves, but intend to exterminate their masters, and
give their estates to the freed slaves. I know that
many, a majority on the other side of the House,
shrink with something like horror nowat the idea
of accepting the dogma of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania as put forward so frequently by his little
ally in this House, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] that the rebel States are "felo
dt se; that secession, which they have always
denounced as inoperative, null, and void, has nev-
ertheless utterly obliterated all their rights and
characteristics as States, and that they are to be
conquered and held and governed as provinces, as
Territories; and that, as a consequence of this
doctrine, they can be fixed by Congress as the
home of the freed African, with such rights and
such relative position to the white man (if any
white men are left) as Congress may prescribe.
The same power which brought you up to your
present stand-point will carry you forward to the
one to which they are guiding you now.
Sir, these things are well known to the country
and the Army, and are the causes of all the ills
that now afflict us, and you cannot cure them by
such nostrums as this conscript bill and the pow-
ers given you by the financial measures passed by
this Congress. No, sir; you have lost the con-
fidence of the country, deservedly lost it; and
as long as that is the case, your conscript act
