314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'January 14,
ineansof the FederalGovernmenttill rebellion be subdued,
and no longer.
3. Thru an Iionoiuhlc pence Is desirable, but no pence
win It: Tinned opposition menaces the capital and threatens
the oveitiiiow ot the Union, nor Uiat pcace which would
be established upon the db-membeied fiasrments of a mighty
and pio.-p* ions nation ; ami thai man who would entertain
peace upon Thoe conditions is a traitor to I us country, and
unworthy the psoteetiou of its laws.
4. That tin: war was inauautated solely for the suppres-
sion ot tin; lebellioti and the lestoiation of the Union as it
was; tinit .in) ora'l attempts to change or diveit this line
ot policy is a fraud upon the nation, a traud upon the mem-
ory oi the gallant men who have sacrificed their lives, and
a traud upon the living soldiers who now stand up as a wall
between iheir loved country and iL* wicked invaders.
5. That the value of dollar and cents doe* not cuter juto
the monientou-. question of the maintenance or popular hb-
em, oi the piesi'rv.tuon of a free government, any mote
than the lives and comfort of the uaitors wlio have con-
spired and leagued together for then destruction.
0. Tint the Union restored, the war should cease, and
the seceding &tatCo be received back into the Union with
all the privileges and immunities to which they were ori-
ginally entitled.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask to speak on
those resolutions.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor, so that { may report,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, a joint
resolution, to which there will be no objection,
and which will pass in a few minutes.
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. I will yield for that
purpose, if it does not come out of my time.
IMMEDIATE PAYMENT OV THE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution:
Joint resolution to provide for the immediate payment of
the Aimy and i\avy of the United States.
Wheiea.-, it is deemed expedient to make immediate pro-
vision foi the payment of the Aunyand Navv : Thereloie.
Be it rcolral l>i/ the Senate awt JIoa<e of JRepo escntalwes
of the United States of ^mci ica in Congress assembled. That
the fcjecroinry of the Treasury be, and he i • hei ehy, authrn-
ized, if required bv the <"ciijencie<*jf the jnibln. Mivjei',
to K>oie, on the credit ot tin; Timed States, the sum ot
^SO.OoO.OOo of United States note-:, m such tot in n* he may
deem expedient, not beaimg inteie-t, payable <o bean r on
demand, and of - noli denominations!, not le-.-, th '-i one d"l-
Iai,a<iiemav pie-cube ; which note*,  o t-.-tied. M>all be
lawful money and a lenai tendei like the smnlai note^ nns)
tofore anibou/.e(h in p.muciit ol all debt.--, public ami pii-
vate, within the United Stales, except dnLie-, on inipoits
and interest on the public debt; and the note-. so i^u"d
ehall be paitor the amount piovided tor in any bill now
pending lor the R ue ot Trt-a^uiy notes, or thai mav be
passed hcreatter by tins Congress."
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time,
Mr. STEVENS. Let me .say a word, I learn
that our mam bill now before the Senate will have
a protracted consideration there for two or three
weeks. There is such an urgency lh.it we have
introduced this joint resolution fieo from diluta-
ble questions-, so that it may be at once passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would surest to the gen-
tleman fioni Pennsylvania, tfr take up from the
Speakei 's tabic the resolution from the Senate for
the same purpose. It will save time.
Mr. STEVENS. That resolution will be sub-
ject to the same debate and objection as this.
A Member. It has been already leferred to thp
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 move to increase the appto-
pnauon to ^100,000,0U0.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object to that.
The am< ndment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engiossed and i"ud a third ti.ne; and being
engrossed, it was accoidm°!y read the thud time
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the iwsoiut'on was passed: and nUo
moved that the motion to reconsider o>> laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
C 0 N T U M A C1T 0 C S WIT N K * S.
Mr. IIOLMAX, fi •ofii the select eor1ii.i'i.l>je on
Government contracts, submitted the following
resolution- ;>>ei on its adoption demanded the
previous qu< stion:
Wheieiw. S"it<ni St^vuia, a wit'ie^s sunpeTi'ied bv the
select comnutt"e of me Uou-e of Ilepn .•.eiuativcs mi G->v-
miment eouhaetf. in '•^auiMMtion or the tacts m eunnec
uon u ith lb.- • id iu--,e<Mivid''raTi(m-. and piorit-o; th" labor
"outiaft u>r the -toiua;. hiuihm;. and deovei v, See.. of ln<-_
e:^n goods m u*e ctt\ ot New York,,J concerning whicn f>aid
commit!'**; were directed by tlio lioii-e to make luqiurv,
lerused to nn^wci the following ni'junn'S propounded to
hun la «-aid committee : u How mucii money, ui tlie agure-
g.U", ha< be<-n naid over, uudej the labor conttact, to Mr.
vVi:!jam All«n UuUoj, or to hie account, oi to Mr.
W. i^ar-on?:, his Jaw pattner, for account of Mr. Cutler?*'
••You say you held the contiaet irom 3Iay 11,1661, until its
cxpnatioi, bj ii* own terms, September 5, 1S62. t^tate the
net piotit^of that contract during that time:" Now, there-
foie,
lleiolved, That the Serjeant-at-Aims be directed to bring
the said Simon Steven^ beiore the bar of this House to an-
swer said contempt.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
theieof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and aiso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK KAXLUOAD.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the construction of &
military and postal railway from the city of Wash-
ington to the city of New York. It was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
committee on that subject.
SPECIAL TERMS OF UNITED STATES COUHTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Mouse bill No. GG6, to
provide for holding special terms of the circuit
and district courts in certain cases; which was
ordertd to-be printed, and lecommitted to the
same committee.
FINAL PROCESS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to enable the district courts of the
United States to issue executions and the final
process in certain eases; which was read a first
and second time, oidered to be piinted, and re-
committed.
REBELLION IN THE SECEDED STATES AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
n-.s-dimoh of the gentleman fium Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Wright,] on which the gentleman from
Ohio is entitled to the lloor.
M r.VALLANDi&I-XAM addressed the House
for an hour and a quarter. [Iiis speech will be
published in th" Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. S G. FK^SENDEN. Mr. Speaker, will
the gentleman from Ohio allow me juat a word?
I wish to say to the gentleman who has just taken
his seat that New England still lives, and will live
Ions: after ins tirade against her has perished.
Mr/VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman is
mistaken; 1 have made no tirade against New
England.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. She will live in the
Union as U was, mid under the, Constitution us it is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then all right;
but I cannot beg the gentleman's paidon, for I said
nothing* of the kind that he has suggested.
Aft. Wll IGHT. I desire to ask the Chair the
condition of the question before the House.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first on
the resolutions submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Chair how it is that
I am denied the floor to speak on my own reso-
lutions?
Tne SPEAKER. The gentleman was not pres-
ent, or did not seek the floor when his resolutions
came in, and the floor was therefore assigned to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Air. WRIGHT. I desire to speak upon my
own resolutions, and I hardly undeistaud how the
gentleman can deprive me of my ught, under the
rules, to open the debate.
TueSPE\KER. Because the gentleman did
not claim his right: the gentleman from Ohio is
entitled to the lloor,
^ Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, we Lave been
fav.ued to-uav with another epuiogy from th..>t
side of the House for tins rebellion, and I think
myself that an apology for the unmatched crime
of the re ho Is m xi ms against the nation's life ought
not to be allowed to go to the country unchal-
lenged. So long as God may give me strength,
and the opnoitumty shall be afforded me to chal-
lenge these apologies for rebellion, 1 shall chal-
lenge and denounce them.
My colleague comes here to-day with his pre-
patcd denunciation of the war—of the war for the
. Union. He assumes that the war in support of
i the supiemucy of th« Constitution was wantonly
made by the present Executive of the United
States, and asserts that in the beginning he, with
the authority of an oracle, declared that coercion
would make civil war. With self-complacency,
the gentleman informs us that lie bided his time,
and that time, the avenger, has right nobly re-
sponded that coercion would make civil war!
Mr. Speaker, when my colleague talks about his-
tory and about the truth of history, I ask that he
shall make up the record fairly and according to
the fact.
A stranger to the events that have occurred in
our country during the last two years listening to
the remarks of the gentleman would suppose that
no blood would have been shed, that war would
not have darkened the Republic like the shadow
of an eclipse, but for the commission of a great
crime by thepresentExecutiveoftheUnitedStates,
in this, that he wrongfully attempted to coerce law-
abiding citizens. Is that, sir, according to the
fact? Is that according to the truth of history,
upon which the gentleman seems with so much
confidence to rely, and to which he so frequently
refei red, to-day, as of command iug authoi ity r
Sir, before that Executive ever took his seat,
before he had power either for good or for evil in
the Republic, while the care of the State was in
the keeping of his predecessor, the chosen of the
gentleman and his party, war was already levied
against the Republic by these avowed rebels, for
whom my colleague appears this day as an apol-
ogist, and by them your flag had aheady been
dishonored by their attack upon it within your
own waters. Vet upon that subject the gentleman
chooses to be silent—a silence most commendable
m one who would apologize for the rebellion, and
declare it a sacred resistance to an unlawful coer-
cion.
Air. Speaker, long before the inauguration of
the present Executive, rebel batteries were being
built by rebel hands around your Fort Sumter,
within the limits of the Republic, for no other
purpose than to reduce it by force. This fact is
passed in silence by the apologist of the rebellion,
in approval, I suppose, of his own Democratic
Administration which permitted it to be done. I
think, sir, that as the gentleman has chosen to
raise this issue, I may be allowed to show to-day
how this war did originate, unfortunate as it is
for us, and who, above all others m the North,
are responsible for the rebellion. In all that I
may say, sir, I am willing to be judged and con-
demned or approved byhistoiy, the faithful recoid
of what men do or suffer in this life.
It is my opinion, sir, th^it this rebellion would
have been powerless, comparatively, for mischief
against tins country but for the gentleman himself
and those politically associated with him, who,
fi omits inception to this hour, have been crying
in the ear of the conspirators and trmtors, and for
their encouragement, " no coercion" by tin Gov-
ernmentof rebelsm armsaguinst it. My cnllcnjiue
exhibited a wise discretion, in selecting his tacts
from history, to omit the fact that when tiiese
men in the South were arming to coerce the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States to sub-
mit to disunion—which is national dissolution and
national death—a Democratic Cabinet minister,
(Mr. Floyd,) in the War Department, w>..s co-
operating with them by dismantling yonr forts;
and a Demociatic Cabinet mimstrr, (Mr. Ton-
coy,) whether wittingly or unwittingly, wao aid-
ing them by sending your vessels of war into dis-
tant sens, that your Navy might not be here m
the day of trial. And to make assurance douijly
sure, a Democratic President (M r. Buchanan) sent
to this House that reniai kabie message of the 4th
of December, 1800, in which he sn.d th/u r, sv is
unconstitutional to coerce seceded States; that if,
to make war upon the armed labels who sei/.e
upon and control a State organization: and m
most plaintive words declared Chat Ike word v:as
not placed iii the hands of Congress to picscn-c the
bnion by force. Congress, it was admitted, might
declare war, but not against rebels. The sub-
Stance of this was that your power to call foith
die militia to execute the laws and suppiess in-
surrection could not be rightfully exercised against
these lebels.
What was this declaration by your Democratic
President but a declaration that coercion was to be
all on one side; that rebels alone in this land might
coerce the people to submission by arms ? If that
weak und wicked declaration of your Democratic
