1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
will bring you no soldiers, and your financial
schemes will not restore the credit of the Govern-
ment.
Sir, the only course left the President is to re-
trace his steps, revert to his original policy as
announced in his inaugural message, in his in-
structions, through his premier, to our foreign
ministers, and redeem his pledges given to us of
the border States, that this should not be an abo-
lition war, nor waged so as to destroy Union sen-
timent in the South. If he will do this, and recall
McClellan, who has now, and has always had,
the confidence of the honest and patriotic portion
of the people, to the command of the Army, vol-
unteers will flock to our standards if more are
needed, desertions will cease, financial confidence
will be speedily reestablished, and the Adminis-
tration will speedily see the loyal States again
united in the prosecution of the war, and divis-
ions and dissensions springinguf) among the reb-
els. All necessity for this conscript act would be
removed. Negroes would not be needed to take
the places and fight the battles of white men. Our
noble volunteers would reenlist as fast as their
terms of service expired; and the whole pestilent
set of abolitionists, who have pressed the Presi-
dent into his present position, sent howling and
impotent of evil back to those lower depths from
which they ought never to have been permitted to
emerge.
But if the President should refuse to do this; if
he should madly rush on in his present course,
ihen we have but one course to pursue; we must,
in conjunction with the loyal Democracy of the
free States, work with all our power to place iti
office men who are unalterably opposed to the
Administration and its destructive policy, and de-
termined to uphold the Constitution. And when
we get into power, as get into power'we will, give
the rebels plainly to understand that if they will
abandon their mad design to break up the Union
and agree again to take their places in the family
of States, they may come back with all their rights
as States unimpaired, with full power to legulute
their own domestic institutions in their own way,
and stand in the Union as States in statu quo ante
helium, if they still continue their causeless re-
bellion, then it must be put down by the exercise
of all the fiower granted to the Government in the
Constitution of the United States, and all the ter-
rible results which will flow from this effort must
bo charged to their guilt and madness.
Just here, Mr. Speaker, before I leave this sub-
ject, T wish to diaw the attention of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and the country to the
invaluable aid which (hat gentleman and his abo-
lition allies have derived from the rebels in carry-
ing their unconstitutional measures through Con-
gress, and the debt of gratitude, they owe them.
Not one of the measures! have denounced would
have been attempted, or, if attempted, carried by
them through this Congress, but for the causeless
and infamous desertion of their places in this
Hall and the Senate by the southern rebels. And
we, sir, who love the Constitution and the Union,
and are defending both now in tins House, and
who will defend both until the crack of doom
against theirabolition enemies heie or elsewhere,
must never forget that we have been left for a lime
powerless here by that same cowardly desertion.
If they were here now, sir, how impotent of evil
would be this abolition party with minorities in
both branches of Congress and the President en-
tirely in our control. When I think of all this,
hatred of secession and its authors becomes, in
my esteem, a sacred passion; and although my
forgiveness will be freely extended to the erring
masses of the South, my undying curse will cling
to the ambitious scoundrels who, for their own
vile purposes, "educated the southern mind and
fired the southern heart" to the commission of a
crime which will foroverstand unparalleled in his-
tory, and who have brought on my State and the
whole country " woes unnumbeied," if not utter
ruin.
Mr. Speaker, some time since, when the bill
to authorize Kentucky to raise twenty thousand
men, to be maintained,armed, and equipped at the
national expense, for her defense againsttheguer-
lilla bands, from whose destructive ravages the
General Government has most signally failed to
protect her, was before the House, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] charged that
the Governor ot?ght not to intrusted with Au-
thority to appoint their officers, because he was
disloyal, because he has dared to dissent from the
policy of the Administration, pronounced some
of the President's views unconstitutional, and de-
nounced the proclamation of the 1st of January,
1863, as unauthorized by the Constitution, null,
and void.
Sir, that was a startling declaration,like many
others which emanate from that gentleman, but
to which he may bring his party and the press to
subscribe. It may be another step in his educa-
tional process, if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had merely said that Governor Robinson
was disloyal, that he was a traitor, I would have
hurled the charge back into his teeth as infamously
false; but, coupled with his explanation, with his
new definition of disloyalty, its whole nature was
changed, and instead of repelling the charge as an
insult I aocept it as a compliment. Yes, sir, if to
regard the President's proclamation suspending
the writ of habeas corpus in loyal States, and his
proclamation of emancipation unconstitutional,
null, and void, be disloyalty, the Governor of Ken-
tucky is disloyal, 1 am disloyal, the entire popu-
lation of my State is disloyal; for we despise them,
spurn them, and spit upon them, denounce them
as unconstitutional, null, and void.
No, sir. If to become the abject slaves of the
President or any other man be loyalty, we are
disloyal and glory m our disloyalty. If to sur-
render free thoughtand free speech is loyalty " we
will none of it." Our loyalty is devotion to the
Constitution and laws made in pursuance thereof
—devotion to liberty and justice and right, as fixed
and defined by law. This was the loyalty of our
fathers, and this is and shall be ours. And when
the standard of loyalty, erected by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, comes to be acknowledged
and established by this Government; when free-
dom of thought and fieedom of speech are denied
us; when implicit subscription to the opinions of
a President orany one else in authority, comes to
be regarded and enforced as the duty of the citi-
zen, then all libel ly would be gone, and the time
have arrived for the awful lemedy of revolution,
and I, for one, would then say, let it come. Gen-
tlemen have uttered doubts of Kentucky loyalty
frequently on this floor; and by no one has such
doubts been expressed oftener than by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] Sir, I
say to him that we have given evidences of our
loyalty, such as lhatgentleman and hisState have
never given. His Suite has never been the theater
of war. It has never poured its destructive tide
over ifn fair fields. The invader did once set his
foot on her soil; and the gentleman from Penn-
J sylvanin [Mr McPiinusov] has alluded in mdig-
| nant terms to the taid ofStuart's cavahy.
j Mr. McPHERSON. 1 indulged in no tirade,
, except against the spies who enabled Stuart to
j make that raid into Pennsylvania,
j Mr. MALLORY. I spoke of it as an injury
; which Pennsylvania has sustained; and slight as
| it was I hope she may never have it repeated.
! But I can point that gentleman to my State, a large
| portion of which hat: been la>d waste by the ruth-
| less footprints of war. I could point him to burned
: homesteads, to desoin'ed farms, to murdered fam-
; ilics. J could point him to peaceful citizens torn
l from their families and incarcerated in the loath-
j some Libby prison, and those families reduced to
! utter destitution by guerrilla bands, for protection
! against whom that State has appealed to the Gen-
! oral Government again and again, but appealed
m \<\in. Yet, sir, flic is and has ever been loyal.
, Her statesmen seeing the approaching conflict,
and knowing from her position what untold suf-
| feiingand destruction that conflict would inflict
- on her, wisely exerted themselves to avert it by
every means which their wisdom could suggest.
They struggled for compromise and concession
; as long as there was a glimmering prospect of
I compromise; and when that prospect was shut
j out by the bombardment of Sumter, they still
; thought for a time that by standing inactive, with
the full knowledge and approbation of the Pres-
j identand Cabinet, between the embattled sections,
! they might seize on and offer some terms of pa-
cification* When this hope was abandoned, as
j abandoned it was when the armed legions of re-
1 hellion invaded the State, she entered the contest
; with her best and bravest; and the blood of her ;
; heroes freely poured out at MiU Spring, Donel-
son. Pittsburg Landing* Shiloh* and
Murfreesboro', attests the sincerity of her devo-
tion to the Union. Hergreatstatesman, who had
crowned himself with unfading laurels by his no-
ble efforts at compromise in the Senate, entered
this Hall after Kentucky had put on her armor
and engaged in the conflict, and by his efforts to
direct the conduct of the war in such a manner as
to avoid any breach of the Constitution, or de-
struction of any existing State right or State in-
stitution, has atlded additional and undying lus-
ter to his fame. Kentucky has sent into the Army
of the Union more than forty-four thousand. She
has offered her soil as the battle-field for the two
great contending powers; and all the foreseen and
terrible results of that tender exhibit the sincerity
of her loyalty. When and how has the gentle-
man's State given such evidence of hers? She
has furnished soldiers, I admit, liberally—I com-
mend her for it—but where and when has she
suffered like Kentucky? Her homesteads are
peaceful and happy; her harvests are abundant
and undisturbed; her manufacturers are realizing
untold wealth, and her mechanics find full employ-
ment and remunerative compensation; her rail-
roads are crowded with freights beyond their
capacity to transport. Within her limits all is
quiet and prosperous. In Kentucky all is strife
and anxiety and desolation. This war has brought
this prosperity to* her; it has (nought this ruin on
Kentucky. They are both loyal. Which de-
serves the most credit for her loyalty? I leave
history to answer the question.
I will acquaint the gentleman with another fact.
Kentucky, in her simplicity, believed that the
Union army came on her soil to drive out the in-
vader and protect her people in their rights of per-
son and property. That army, sir, (a large por-
tion of it, at least,) acted in my State like rob-
bers and outlaws. They stole and carried off
our slaves; they robbed, m many instances, poor
and helpless families of iheir entire means of sup-
poit, and left them dependent on charity for the
means of subsistence, and giossly and wantonly
insulted the best and mo.^t loyal of our citizens
who sought redress for wrongs. This, sir, was
a great strain on Kentucky loyalty, yet it bore it.
Has the loyalty of the gentleman's State ever been
subjected to such a test as this ? When it has
been, then it may be decent in him to indulge in his
flings at Kentucky. Sir, she has i isked more and
suffered more than any State in this Union by re-
maining true to her honor and her faith. She
wants this struggle ended, yet she can bear on.
She wants peace; I want peace; 1 am for peace;
ail my instincts, my education, my pursuits, my
mteiests impel me to desire peace as earnestlyas
any man. Rut it must be peace, no expedient,
no temporary damming up the stream of war,
until gathering increased volume and force, and
bursting through your temporal y obstructions, it
will again flow on, overrunning and destroying
everything in its couise.
If gentlemen, when they speak of peace, mean
the acknowledgment of the independence of the
rebel South, I am for no such peace. This would
be no peace, but rather a new lease on war, long-
continued war, lasting through ages, until the con-
test might at last be ended by some Napoleon,
who, seizing by force the control of affairs, might
make peace, by establishing a despotism. And in
the long-continued and desolating struggle which
would precede this night of despotism, " old Ken-
S tucky " would again become the " dark and bloody
j ground;" and the gieat fertile valley of the Missis -
| sippi, intended by nature to be the granary of the
| world, would be laid waste and destroyed. No,"*
i sir; we of that great valley will consent to any
| honorable settlement of this fratricidal war, t|iis
j monstrous and unnatural contest, which will rc-
i establish the Union on the basis of the Constitu-
] Hon. We will giant the rebel States, if they will
| return, all the lights they ever enjoyed as States
j in the Union; but sepauue independence never!
| Consent to a dissolution of this Union? never!
I never!
j Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
! yield to me for a moment?
I Mr. MALLORY. Why,sir? It cannot be for
| any explanation of anything which I have said
j of that gentleman. I have not alluded to him. I
■ | must decline.
ij Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I only want the
i; gentleman to define his position a. little more
ii clearlv.
