1863.
#
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
President had been met in this House as it ought
to have been met; if, instead of being supported
in that treasonable declaration of a purpose to dis-
regard the obligation of his oath to preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States, he had been met first with the united dec-
laration of disapproval, and, if that had not brought
him to a just sense of his duty, he had been pur-
sued, as he deserved to be pursued, by articles of
impeachment for high crimcs and misdemeanors
in office, I do not believe this rebellion would have
progressed as it did under his administration. I
am aware that before the reception of this message
of James Buchanan, South Corohnahad passed her
ordinance of secession; butfor this encouragement
she would, in my opinion, have stood alone, the
same contemptible, craven State that she was in
her first rebellion in 1832, not able to muster forty
thousand men, and filled by a larger servile pop-
ulation brooding over wrongs, strong enough and
willing enough, and as I believe brave enough, to
have strangled to death all the rebels within her
borders.
When this rebellion was thus aided by this
Democratic President and Democratic Cabinet
ministers,and by the gentleman himself, and those
who agreed with him in this House, it well be-
comes him, now that the rebellion is full armed,
to attempt to justify the record of himself and his
party even by the audacious cry, " I told you that
coercion would make civil war: the present Ad-
ministration has resorted to it, and hence this
unhappy war," How would it be now with the
country if the existing Administration had fol-
lowed'the example of that Administration which
expired on the 4th day of March, 1861? But one
answer can be truthfully given: the country would
have been dismembered, the rebellion would have
triumphed! No coercion meant disunion. It is
unconstitutional, you say, to call out armies to
suppress the rebellion authorized by conspirators
who, by their ordinance of treason, declare States
seceded. Strip these words of all disguise, and
they simply mean to-day, as they meant in the be-
ginning, this Government has no power to defend
itself against the armed rebellion and treason of a
contemptible minority. Does it require any gift
of prophecy to foresee what the result had been
if the abused Administration of to-day had fol-
lowed the gentleman's advice ? The Union would
have been destroyed by the coercive power of the
rebellion, unless disunion had been resisted by
the coercion of the loyal people.
The gentleman stands here to denounce Abra-
ham .Lincoln, the Executive of the United States,
for issuing his proclamation of the 15th of April,
1861, after the walls of Sumter had been broken
by the infernal enginery of treason, and the hand
of the Almighty alone had saved its gallant de-
fenders fiom perishing m its flames. I have no
doubt it sorely grieves my colleague that the Pres-
ident dared even then, in that dread hour, to sound
the note of alarm. I have no doubt it grieves him
that the President of the United States had the
courage to do his duty in accordance with his
registered oath, to summon, in accordance with
the law of the land seventy-five thousand men,
good and true, to the rescue of a violated Consti-
tution and an imperiled country.
Sir, the gentleman, according to his utterances
ofTo-day, would have been eulogizing, instead of
denouncing the present Executive of the United
States, if, like his predecessor, instead of issu-
ing that proclamation of the 15th of April, 1661,
he had crept through the avenues of the capital
muttering, like a gibbering ghost, the silly woids,
14 the Constitution does not allow the coercion of
a rebel State." This pitiful imitation of his pre-
decessor would have rejoiced the heart of this de-
fender of the Constitution as it is and the Union
as it was. The gentleman would have had the
watchman, whom the people had placed upon the
tower, to cry " all is well,'* while one half of the
Republic was engaged in armed rebellion for the
overthrow of the Constitution and the laws. lie
himself would have repeated the cry,all is weli,"
till your capital had fallen without a gun being
fired, and the Republic had been blotted from the
map of nations—the gentleman himself proclaim-
ing that it perished because it wasunconsututional
to defend it; that to coerce rebels who struck at its
life was a crime. The gentleman has the candor
to say that was his opinion, declared by himself
at the beginning, and that he is of that mind still;
he says to-day to coerce by force rebels in arms
is unconstitutional.
Hence it is that the gentleman comes here to-day
and tells us that the war ought to stop; that it
should not continue a day nor an hour. He is
for the Union, he tells us, and against theemploy-
ment of the only means by which the Union can
be this day maintained, the armed power of the
people themselves. There can be no Union as it
was, unless by arms you sustain, over all the
republic, the Constitution as the supreme law of
the land; and yet the gentleman says the war
ought to stop; that it should not continue a day
nor an hour. The other half of his speech is de-
voted to the task of satisfying the people that he
is for the Constitution as it is and the Union as it
was. Let us see. He tells us frankly—and I be-
lieve his statement is precisely according to the
record—that he voted neither men nor money to
carry on the war. Suppose alt the representa-
tives in this Hall had followed his example, had
acted as he declares he has acted in the cause of
the Union, what would have been the result? No
bill authorizing the enlistment of volunteers in
defense of your flag, no appropriation of money
for arming, equipping, and Keeping in the field six
hundred thousand defenders of the Union, no arm
lifted to support the tottering pillars of the Repub-
lic, shaking in this wild storm of rebellion. All
would have been abandoned. Thegentleman who
says he is for the Union as it was, would have
abandoned all to the tender mercies of this armed
rebellion, which has multiplied those graves all
over the land to which the gentleman refers with
so much tenderness, and so much regret for those
who fill them; fallen, as he says, by reason of this
unconstitutional war. The gentleman could not
find it in his heart to denounce the rebellion as un-
constitutional, but only the war on the part of the
Government for the suppression of that rebellion
is unconstitutional.
This is the last phase of that Democracy which
has brought this rum upon the country. I do not
say that everybody of the party to which the gen-
tleman belongs was of his mind; but 1 do say, and
1 challenge contradiction m saying it, that but for
the aid and comfort which that gentleman and his
party has given to this rebellion from its inception
to this hour, this turn, to which he points so sig-
nificantly to-day, wrought by this terrible conflict
of arms, and which has reached almost every
hearthstone in the land, never had been. In my
judgment, the gentleman, and those of his party
who have agreed and cooperated with him, are not
clear of the blood shed in tins war. 1 am as tol-
erant of conflicting opinions as the gentleman or
any other man; but I cannot be expected to be tol-
eidiHof the charge made by the gentleman this
day, that those who stand by the country and by
thu Constitution, by reason of their fidelity to duty,
violate the Constitution; nor can 1 be tolerant of
the demand that the only means by which the
Governmentcan be maintained shall be withdrawn
from its support, and the country left naked to us
enemies. That is the point 1 make with thegen-
tleman to-day. He seems to assume that there is
no difficulty in the way to a restoration, a speedy
restoration of peace and of the Union, if your
armies are disbanded, if the war for the Union
only ceases, and ceases at once. There js not a
word of denunciation from the. gentleman's hps
against this rebellion, and he assumes and takes it
for granted that secession is a constitutional right;
and by way of glorifying these infernal architects
of our country's ruiri,inc?uires, were notour fathers
rebels like unto them? 1 think, sir, 1 am not mis-
taken in saying that the gentleman's expressed
opinion is that this rebellion is right and consti-
tutional, and justified by the gieat example of the
fatheis of the Republic. 1 thank him for his can-
dor m so plainly announcing his opinion, though
constrained to difft-r with him in his opinions and
his conclusions. My colleague, who talks to-day
about the Union as it was, is the same gentleman
who introduced, in February, 1861, in aid of this
rebellion, the proposition to " divide the United
States into four sections,'' and to arm, by an
amendment to the Constitution, the rebellious sec-
tion of country—the fifteen sl\ve States—with the
power to legalize secession, in utter disregard of
every free State in the Union, and without the con-
sent of any of them. I do not think that a gentleman
occupying that position upon the records of the
country has a right to denounce anybody as oppo-
nents of the Constitution and the Union; much-
less do I suppose it becomes him to assume that
he is the special guardian of the "Constitution as
it is and the Union as it was."
The gentleman was very correct in remarking
that it would be a most singular spectacle, in-
deed, to have two separate governments within
the limits of territory which God and nature had
designed should be under one Government* and
be the common heritage of one people. 1 agree
with him; and yet the gentleman managed and
contrived a device by which the American people,
if they had accepted the proposition, would have
consented that that very result might be accom-
plished.
It is not for me to declare the motives of the
gentleman beyond what he himself has declared;
but it is for mo to assume that he meant the legal
consequences and effects of his own acts; and I
stand here to-day to assert in his presence, that
the proposition which he made in February, 1861,
in this House, was a proposition to legalize acces-
sion by the consent simply of the Legislatuies of
the sections in which it was proposed; casting
aside the authority of the whole people of the
Republic outside of that soction; saying to the
States of New England, if South Carolina should
propose to secede, " be silent; you have no voiee
in this mutter;" saying to the great Empire Slate
of New York, if Mississippi proposes, to secede,
" be still; you have no voice in this matter;"say-
ing to the Keystone State of Pennsylvania,if Ala-
bama proposes to secede, " be silent; you have no
voice in this matter;" saying to the free West,
which the gentleman and myself, with our col-
leagues, in part represent, if Georgia and every
other slave State should propose to secede, and
break upthe common heritage which God intended
should belong to one people, " be silent; you have
no right to interfere;" because it is written in the
Constitution, as amended by the suggestion of my
colleague himself, that every slave State may secede
from the Union simply upon the condition that the
several State Legislatures of the section of the
South consent to it. And yet thegentleman is for
" the Union as it was." The gentleman seems to be
horrified by the thought of two separate govern-
ments existing upon this common heritage of one
people,which God, by its mountains,and its lakes,
and its magnificentrivers,has declared shall never
be partitioned. IIis premises and hisconclusions
are strangely at fault with each other. Thegen-
tleman is for the Union, and at the same moment
for disunion. Disband your armies, and let the
war for the Union cease, says the gentleman;
not a word about that other war, the rebellion
against the Union; only let this war for the Union
cease, and do not tolerate it for a day or an hour.
His official conduct corresponds precisely with his
declarations, for he refused to vote either the men
or the money to carry on the war for the Union
and the Constitution; and, of course, if we all
follow his example, it must cease, and cease at
once.
What then ? The South would be independent of
theNorthjund the South would be triumphantover
your violated Constitution and shattered Union.
The gentleman so assumed, and hence his resolu-
tions of this session contemplate and speak of ua
final treaty of peace"with these rebels as a foreign
and independent power. The gentleman further
assumes—and I would like to know by what au-
thority—that if we withdraw our armies, if we
laydown our arms,if we cease to make warupon
the rebels, they will come back into the Union
under a treaty of peace. I would like to know
by what authority he says so. If ho knows it,
he ought to give the House the benefit of his in-
formation. If it is a mere matter of speculation
with him, why, of course, he has a right to in-
dulge in his speculations, but we may be par-
doned if we question the correctness of them. I
appeal to my colleague to know if he has any per-
sonal information, any authority upon the sub-
ject, which authorizes him to say that in the event
we disband om Army, in the event we fay down
our arms, m the event we cease to make war upon
the rebellion, these rebels will consent to come
back at once into the Union under the Constitu-
tion as it is, and submit to the laws. I would like
to know by what authority he says tins, /f it
is only matter of speculation with him, I desire
to know it. If it is a matter of information from
those who have tlns'rebclhon in their keeping, I
