1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to any inter-
ruption.
Mr. MALLORY. I have defined my position
in my own way. I have said what I wished to
say at this time. I am sorry it does not satisfy the
gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, I am constrained to oppose this
bill by a clcar sense of duty. I believe many of
its provisions are unconstitutional and impolitic,
useless, and fraught with danger. T shall vote
against it.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, the circumstances
which have surrounded us the past few days
strongly remind me, both by similarity and con-
trast, of the scenes we witnessed here in the pro-
tracted struggle for the election of a Speaker of
the last House of Representatives. Then, as now,
the galleries of this House were crowded with
excited spectators; then, as now, we hoard from
the other side threats of violent opposition to the
authority of the Government; then, as to-day, the
galleries applauded sentiments uttered on this
floor; but then the applause was responsive to
the treasonable sentiments that were heard from
that side of the House. To-day the applause was
of the loyal and patriotic sentiments expressed on
this side. Then gentlemen were quiescent under
such interruptions of good order. Now they are in-
dignant, and threaten to have the galleries cleared.
It is, no doubt, improper for the galleries to in-
terrupt our proceedings here by any manifesta-
tions, either of approval or disapproval, but I beg
leave to suggest to gentlemen to exercise a. little
patience, even if it is their ox that is being gored
now.
Another circumstance of similarity has attracted
my attention. Then the favorite speakers on the
other side were those who most bitterly assailed
the authority of the Government and thieatened
the dissolution of the Union. Those were the
speakers who, on closing their harangues, were
most cordially congratulated by their numerous
sympathizers. It is somewhat so now. I shall
never forget the reception wh&h my colleague
[Mr. Holman] met then, when, m the name of
the Democratic party, he uttered his indignant
protest against the disloyal sentiments expressed
by his party associates. They did not even have
the decency to efive him a respectful hearing, and
when he took his seat there were none of his pai ty
friends to step forward and do him honor, i was
the first to go over to that side of the House and
congratulate him upon his manly and patriotic
speech. He was not in good standing with his
party associates here then; I should be sorry to
think that he is in full sympathy with them now.
I do not wish to be understood as expressing the
opinion that the other side of this House is dis-
loyal now. There are many good and loyal men
there; but no man who has observed at all can
have failed to observe thot those who utter the most
violent threats of resistance to the authority of the
Government receive too much favor there. I have
listened for the last two days to speeches that
would have been more appropriately delivered in
the bogus congiess at Richmond.
We are threatened with another rebellion, are
we? Last night the two gentlemen from Ohio,
[Messrs. White and Vallandigiiam,] and my
colleague, [Mr. Voorhef.s,] warned us m violent
declamation, as well as in low, deliberate tones,
as if intended to be more forcible, because given
almost in a whisper, to beware of the retribution
that is speedily to come. They threaten to meet
us on the soil of our own loyal States, sword in
hand, to resist the authority*of the Government.
Let them come. It will be more convenient to
fight rebel sympathizers at home than to follow
them into the rebel Starrs.
My colleague [Mr. Voorhees] last night re-
minded the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
that he was a dissolving view, and that many of
us on this side of the House were soon to go to
our nolitical graves.
While I speak, sir, the sands of my political
life are running low. Allow me, then, to utter a
few words from the confines of the spirit land to
which I am hastening. They will,as theyshould,
be words of sincerity at least.
We "have been rejected by the people." Yes,
and how? Forty-two per cent, of the men of my
district gallantly volunteered to serve their conn-
try in the Army. A large majority of these vol-
unteers were voters, and friends of the Adminis-
tration. That tells the story. I am proud of the
patriotism of my constituents. No congressional
district in'my State sent to the field so large a
proportion of its men subject to military duty. I
doubt if any district in the country has done bet-
ter. That reflection will be a comfort to me in
my political grave. I was not disappointed in
the result of the election in my district. I did
not accept the nomination with a prospect of suc-
cess, but as a duty I owed to my country to do
alf I could to sustain the loyalty of the people
against the treasonable sentiments which tainted
the atmosphere they breathed. I remind my col-
league, however, that there are loyal Democrats,
nota few, in the armies of the Republic, who un-
derstand him and his associates. These brave
officers and men are in the front of the enemy, and
are neither ignorant of nor patient under the fire
in the rear that is made upon them by their late
political friends. When you inaugurate rebellion
in Indiana, the Democrats in the war will, if ne-
cessary, promptly return and cheerfully fight the
rebels at home.
I ask that the Clerk maybe permitted to read a
letter which I lately received from one of my con-
stituents, Colonel Cyrus L. Dunham, of the fiftieth
regiment Indiana volunteers, now commanding a
brigade in Tennessee. Colonel Dunliam is a Dem-
ocrat, and for three terms successively, as a Dem-
ocrat, represented the district I shall for a few
days longer represent on this floor.
The Clerk then read, as follows:
Headquarters Second Brigade,
Jackson, Tennessee, February 4, 1863.
Hon. William M. Dunn: Jf this Army is to he sustained
and maintained, and this war is not to be rolled back to our
own homes, to the desolation of our own beautiful North-
west, you must without delay give us a little vigorous legis-
lation.
The miserable scoundrels and traitors- at home are by let-
ters scattering discontent among our soldiers awl deser-
tions are becoming under the influence tearfully frequent.
Get a law passed, if possible, without delay, puuu-htn? by
indictment in the district court of the United States, those
who write letters or send documents.to soldiers tending to
beget discontent or induce desemon.
Increase the reward k>i the arrest of deserters. Make it
a penal offense for any one to employ or harboi a deserter,
knowing hint to be such; and make the knowledge that he
has been in the service of the United States jtrk/ia fade
evidence of knowledge of desertion, r-o as to throw the ne-
cessity of carefully examining tin; papers of the soldier upon
those who hire oi haihoi. Make the offense indictable in
the United States district court. Make it the duty of all
United Stntes marshals and their deputies, all collector- of
the internal revenue and their deputies, to arrest all desert-
ers; and make it the duty ol all postmasters to report de-
serters to the United States marshal. 1 assure you some-
thing vj2oious mu-t be done, and speedily.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. L. DUNHAM.
Mr. DUNN. He urges us to give "a little
vigorous legislation." " Something vigorous must
be done, and speedily." The bill under consid-
eration undertakes to supply some of <c the vig-
orous legislation " for which the colonel so urgent-
ly calls. Who are "the treasonable scoundrels
and traitors at home" that " are" sending letters
and documents to the soldieis, tending to beget
discontent or induce desertion? It can be neither
the friends of the Administration nor the friends
of the war.
Mr. CRAVENS. I wish to ask my colleague
whether the writer of that letter is one of his con-
stituents ?
Mr. DUNN. He is.
Mr. CRAVENS. I have been making an ap-
plication for a brigadier generalship for him as
one of my constituents.
Mr. DUNN. I am surprised that my colleague
should cast such a reflection as that on a brave
soldier. Colonel Dunham has done gallant ser-
vice in the field, and distinguished himself in the
battle at Parker's Cross Roads. He deserves a
brigadier generalship.
Mr. CRAVENS. I merely wanted to know
the fact whether he did belong to your district or
mine.
Mr. DUNN. I nosv send to the Clerk to be
read an address to the Democracy of Indiana,
signed by Brigadier General Hovey and four col-
onels, all Indianians, and all Democrats. Gen-
eral Hovey was a Democratic delegate to the State
constitutional convention of Indiana, and was also
nominated and elected by the Democratic party
one of the judges of the supreme court of the
State. Colonel McLean and Colonel Slack have
both served in the State Senate, elected to that
[ body by the Democratic party.
The Clerk then read, as follows;
To the Democracy of Indiana,
Having a deep interest In the future glory and welfafreof .
our country, and believing that we occupy a position in
which we can see the effects of the political struggles at
home upon theiiopes and fears of the rebels, we deem it to'
be our duty to speak to you openly and plainly in regard to
the same.
The rebels of the South are leaning on the northern De-
mocracy for support, and it is unquestionably true that un-
justifiable opposition to the Administration is "giving aid!
and comfort to the enemy." Whilst it is the duty of pa-
triots to oppose the usurpation of power, it is alike their
duty to avoid captious criticisms that might create the very
evih which they attempt to avoid.
The name of Democrat, associated with all that is bright
and glorious in the history of the past, is being sullied and
disgraced by demagogues, who are appealing to the lowest
piejndices and passions of our people. We have nothing
to expect from the South, and nothing to hope without their
conquest. They are now using their money freely to sub-
sidize the press and politicians of the North, and with what
effect the tone of some of our journals and the speeches of
some of our leaders too plainly and painfully testify.
We see with deep solicitude and regret that there is an
undercurrent in Indiana tending towards a coalition of the
Northwest with the South against the eastern States. Be
not deceived. Pause, for the love you bear to your coun-
try, and reflect. This movement is only a rebel scheme in
disguise, that would involve you alike with themselves in
the crime of rebellion, and bring to your own hearthstones
the desolation of a French revolution. Separation on either
side, with peace iu the future, is impossible; and we are
compelled byself-interest, by every principle of honor, and
every impulse of manhood to bring this unholy contest to
a successful termination.
Wiiat, admit that we are whipped ? That twenty three
million northern men are unequal to nine millions of the
South? Shame on the State that would entertain so dis-
graceful a proposition. Shame upon the Democrat who
would submit to it, and raise his cowardly voice and claim
that he was an Indianian. He and such dastards, with
their offspiing, are fit" mudsills" upon which should bit
built the lordly structure of their southern aristocracy. And
with whom would this unholy alliance be formed ? With
men who have forgotten their fathers, their oaths, their
country, and their God; with guerrillas, cotton-burners ;
with those who force every male inhabitant of the South
capable of bearing arms into the field, though starving wives
and babes are left behind. Men who persecute and h.ng
or drive from then lines every man, woman, and child who
w /l not fall down and worship their southern god. And
yet free-born men of our State will sympathize with such
tyrants, and dare to even dream of coalition. Indiana's
pioud and loyal legions number at least seventy thousand
effective men in tiie field, and as with one great heart we
know they would lepudiate all unholy combination1* tend-
ing to the dismemberment of our Government.
Til this dark hour of our country's trial there is but one
load to success and peace,and that is, to be as firmly united
for our Government as the rebels are against it. Small dif-
ferences of opinion amount to nothing in this grand snug-
gle for a nation's existence. Do not place even one straw
m the way, and remember that every word you speak to
encourage the South nerves the arm that strikes the blow
winch is aimed at the heart's blood of our brothers and
kindred.
ALVIN P. HOVEY, Brizadier General.
WILLIAM T. SPICELY, Colonel 'Mlh Indiana.
WILLIAM E. McLEAN, Colonel 43rZ Indiana.
GEO F. McGINNIS, Colonel 1 Itk Indiana.
JAMES 11. SLAUK, Colonel \~ith Indiana.
Helena, Arkansas, February 2,1863.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, thataddress comes
from war Democrats, from officers in front of the
foe, who, constrained by a realization of the mis-
chief bemgdone by the politicians oftheir party ,by
"the demagogues who are appealing to the lowest
prejudices and passions of ourpeople,"send from
the battle-fields of the South this earnest appeal
ajrainst having the name of Democrat "sullied and
disgraced." What would have been the indigna-
tion of those gallant officers if they could have lis-
tened to some of the speeches that have been de-
livered here by ''Democrats?" Would they not
have said to those speakers, " by your unjusti-
fiable opposition to the Administration you are
giving aid and comfort to the enemy?" "The
rebels of the South," they say, " are leaning on
the northern Democracy tor support." I wish I
could say they do not get it. The soldiers of our
Indiana regiments have sent back their earnest
and almost unanimous protest against "the fire in
the rear" by sympathizers with rebellion at home.
So also have the regimentsfrom Illinois and other
States. These soldiers, I beg you to remember,
gentlemen, will soon return to exercise cheir au-
thority as voters. They know who give "aid and
comfort "to the rebels and the rebellion. I now ask
that the Clerk may read an extract from a letter,
dated February 3,1863, addressed by Major Gen-
eral Rosecrans to the General Assembly of the
State of Ohio.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" This is, indeed, a war for the maintenance of the Con-
stitution and the laws—nay, for national exigence—against
thoac who have despised our honest friendship, deceived
our just hopes, and driven us to defend our country and our
homes. By foul and willful slanders on our motives and
