1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125$
of the Army with whom he and some of his col-
leagues are acquainted. The extractisas follows:
" At Cnieka?aw Bluffs I sat on my horse ami saw black
men shooting our men. I saw the men of the fifty-fourth
Indiana, sixteenth Ohio, and twenty-second Kentucky drop
in their tracks under the fire of confederate nigger biittei-
uuts."
I beg to call the attention of gentlemen also to
the proceedings of the rebel congress on this sub-
ject:
Neguo Soldiers to be Sold.—The confederate house
of representatives have passed a bill authorizing the im-
pressment of slaves and property for the use of the army,
and have adopted a resolution insti acting tho committee on
the judiciary to report n bill pioviding for the sale of all ne-
groes taken in arms against the confederacy, the proceeds
to be divided among the captors."
I have also seen a statement, which I believe to
be correct, that the adjutant general of the rebel
army had issued an order for the conscription as
soldiers of all colored males of suitable age, hav-
ing any white blood in then* veins. They can
find plenty of that kind there, black enough to be
slaves and white enough to shoot down the free
white men of the North. Yet we are not to em-
ploy negroes in the Army!
Mr. YEAMAN. Am I to understand that the
negroes who fought at Chickasaw Bluffs were in
a Kentucky regiment on our side?
Mr. DUNN. No, sir. Negroes were in the
ranks of the rebels, shooting down our soldiers
from Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 have never yet
deemed the conduct of the rebels as worthy either
of our admiration or imitation. There are few
things, indeed, hitherto done by them that a true
Kentuckian can approve; and I beg to assure the
gentleman that the employmentof negroes as sol-
diers by traitors gives no additional sanction to
such atrocious conduct, and I am truly glad that
the gentleman has been compelled in his search
for authority for this black business to resort to
the ranks of the rebels.
Mr. DUNN. Sir, I am stating facts to show
that our delicacy in regard to the employmentof
negroes in the military service is not reciprocated
by our enemies. Under present circumstances, i
care no more for the color of the man that fires a
musket at our foe than I do for the color of the
cannon that opens its road of death through their
ranks.
My colleague, [Mr.VooitHEEs,] whoaddressed
the House last night, had much to say about the
heavy burdens of taxation. I know the taxes are
burdensome, and yet the greatest clamor against
taxation comes from those who pay the least. In
one, the smallest, county in my district, where
there are four Democrats to one Union man, and
where the Knights of the Golden Circle are about
as numerous as the Democrats, they were greatly
exercised about the excise bill of the last Con-
gress, but by last reports there had been collected
in that strong Democratic county the enormous
sum of eighty-two dollars. While at the same
date, in another county, neither the most popu-
lous or wealthy in the district, and where an in-
creased Union majority was given, the taxes col-
lected amounted to over seven thousand dollars.
Thus it is, men who have property to protect, if
they are wise, will not grudge the expense of that
protection. What is our property woith if we
nave no Government?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DUNN. I will yield to the gentleman, as
he was kind enough to yield to me the other day.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. They have published one
partnership speech already. [Laughter.] I ob-
ject.
Mr. MENZIES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DUNN. Certainly.
Mr. MENZIES, I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana what reason can he give for retain-
ing any more than the first three sections of this
bill?
Mr. DUNN. I have not time now to'present
the importance of the several sections of the bill;
but certainly it would be very inefficient if all af-
ter the third section of the bill was stricken out.
The machinery for carrying out the purpose of
the bill would thereby be lost. The provisions
for exemptions, which are numerous and humane,
are also contained in the sections proposed to be
struck out. There is a section, also, in regard to
spies, which, with some amendments, ought to be
retained. We must have some " vigorous legis-
lation ^' on this subject. Every department of our
Governing, civil and military, has been infested
with spies. My regret is that we have not hereto-
fore been more energetic in unearthing and punish-
ing such offenders.
We owe it to our soldiers in the field that they
should be promptly and regularly reinforced. Our
regiments should be kept full. We have regiments
enough organized under our present system, but
many of them are mere skeletons. We cannot
recruit them without great and hazardous delay
under existing laws. Recruits sent into old regi-
ments are much sooner fit for duty than when they
go into service with officers and men alike igno-
rant of soldiers* life. We want the new troops to
have the benefit of the counsel and experience of
tried soldiers. We cannot prosecute the war with
success withouta measure of this kind. We have
too much at stake to hesitate in the performance
of our duty. Our gallant soldiers in the field and
the exigencies of the war demand and must have
efficient legislation.
The necessity is upon us to pass a bill of this
character. We have many regiments in the field
greatly reduced in numbers, some to four hundred
rank and file, some to three hundred, some to two,
and a gentleman behind me remarks, some to one.
hundred. These reductions have not all been
caused by'the casualties of war, but by various
circumstances combined. It is due to the gallant
men remaining in these regiments that theirnum-
bers should be promptly filled up. This cannot
be done by voluntary enlistment, on account of
the influence of just such speeches as arc made
here and elsewhere denouncing the war. Many
make a clamor against the war as an excuse for
not volunteering. Moreover, a draft is the cheap-
est, fairest, and best mode of raising troops. It
is to be regretted this mode was not adopted at
first. Then all would have shared alike in the
perils and glories of the war. Every family would
have been represented in the field,and every sol-
dier would have had sympathy and support from
his friends at home. The passage of this bill will
give evidence to the rebels that the nation is sum-
moning till its cneigics to the conflict, and it will
be proof to foreign nations that we are preparing
to meet promptly any intermeddling in our domes-
tic stnfu. The Government has a right in war to
command the services of Us citizens, whom it pro-
tects in war as well as in peace. We, as legisla-
tors, must not shrink from the discharge of our
high responsibility. This Congress will be mem-
orable in the annals of our country and the his-
tory of the world. "The fiery trials through which
we are passing will light us down in honor or dis-
honor to the latest generation." If we cannot
"escape history'Metus make our record right, and
display that patriotism, wisdom,and energy which
history cannot fail to commend.
M r. PENDLETON. 1 do not intend to follow
the gentleman from Indiana in the extended range
of discussion in which he has indulged, butshall
confine my remarks to the provisions of the bill.
I felt great indisposition to indulge in debate
after I heard the statement of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ox,in,] yesterday, that he in-
tended to make use of the position which he holds
upon this floor, and of the power which the rules
give him, to indulge us in a limited debate, and
then to cutoff all possibility of amending the bill.
I could not help feeling that such a course was
degrading to the character of this House, that it
destroyed the possibility of deliber^on, and that
it converted our legislation into a most ridiculous
farce.
This bill is the most important that has yet come
before Congress. It touches more nearly the home
life and the home comforts of the people of this
country than any bill which will have been passed
by this Congress, fruitful as it has been of expe-
dients to destroy the happiness of the country.
Every gentleman has tolu us that this bill is most
defective in its details, and most harsh in its pro-
visions; and yet, important, defective, and harsh |
as it is admitted to be, it is, without cause, to be
crowded through this House without an oppor- !
tunity of amending its defects or of ameliorating
the unnecessary severity of its provisions. I have
said without cause. It is so. Eight full days of
the session yet remain. We of the minority are
willing to sit as many hours cach day as are ne-
cessary for the proper discussion of every measure
which may come before the House, The Senate*'
you say, is unanimously in favor of this bilL,
There is no danger, that it will be lost, if it shall*
be discussed and amended and returned to the Sen-,
ate. Sir, I could not help feeling that under the
course which the gentleman intends, debate was-
both useless and unpleasant.
This indisposition to discuss the bill has been
increased by the debate of yesterday, in whichj
if I may be permitted to say so, it seems to me
that not a single proposition connected with the'
bill was left a leg to stand upon. But t was un-
willing silently to sit by and give my dissent to
the provisions of the bill. I desire to indicate,
upon this floor, the amendments which I think
even its warmest friends ought to consent should
be made?* I desire, in my place here upon this
floor, while there is yet time for gentlemen to re-
flect, to say to the people of the country,and my
immediate constituents, that which will certainly
be said to them when they are writhing beneath
the tortures of this bill—if, indeed, you shall put
it into effect—that we, a minority upon this floor,
plead, and plead in vain, for an opportunity to
ameliorate its severity without destroying its effi-
ciency.
I do not intend to discuss the general policy of
the bill. I will not advert to the fact that in the
history of this country, and I believe in the his-
tory of the Anglo-Saxon racc, this is the first
conscription bill which has been attempted to be
passed.
I will not advert to the provisions of the Con-
stitution and to the idea which it was obviously
intended to convey, that Congress should have
the power of calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, to suppress insurrection,
and repel invasion, and that m order to give that
militia efficiency, the organization and disciplin-
ing,and the arming of that militia are confided to
Congress, while its officers are to be appointed
by the States. Neither will I advert to that other
proposition, which, as it seems to me, should have
struck gentlemen before we arrived at this point
of the discussion, that there seems to be an incon-
sistency, an incongruity in the idea that a free
Government can enforce its laws and maintain
its authority over a large portion of its people and
its territory by an army compelled by force, by
conscription, to undertake the duty. That may
be done by military despotisms. They have called
forth by conscription large armies for the purpose
of invading foreign countries. An aggressive war
—and by that term I mean to distinguish between
that war and a war of invasion—never has been
and never can be carried on by a free Government
with an armed force conscripted from the body
of the citizens.
The objection which I have to this bill was well
stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Biddle] yesterday. He objected to it because it
is part of a system designed to put the whole
power of the Government of the country into the
hands of the Executive. He reminded us that
you have given him immunity for errors and
wrongs by the indemnity bill; that you have put
into his hands the whole moneyed power of the
country by the bank bill; and that by this bill
you intend to invest him with all the military
power of the country, also. He told us, also, that
if you succeeded in doing all this, he could see
no difference, so far as their legal status is con-
cerned, between the citizens of this country and
the subjects of the despotisms of France and Rus-
sia. lie might have added that he could see no
difference in their actual condition, excepting that
which arises from the difference in the tempera-
ment of the rulers. Sir, these statements com-
prise my objections to the bill.
Look, sir, at the framework of this bill, and see
the machinery that it proposes to putin opera-
tion. The President appoints a Provost Marshal
General, who has his office in the War Depart-
ment. He appoints a provost marshal in every
congressional district in the United States. He
appoints a board of conscription in every district
in the United States, and that board is authorized
to subdivide the district, and in each subdivision
to appoint a deputy. Thus the lines of power
will go out from this central head to at least five
deputies in each congressional district in the coun-
try. Wc know it will be their duty, as well as
their pleasure, to obey the will of the Executive
here. What are they to do?' They «rc to carry
