1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24..
out the provisions for the enrollment, to take the
names of those liable to do military duty, and,
when the draft shall have been made, to enforce
the conscription. Is that all? Is there nothing
more? Is it not designed to give them a greater
power than this? ,That, sir, would be a simple
task. It would require but little time, and no ex-
tensive regulations.
What else are these officers to do ? The seventh
section of the bill provides that these provost mar-
shals shall have authority to arrest all deserters,
whether they be those who refuse to obey the
conscription or those already in the service of the
United States. 1 do not stop to make particular
objection to that clause, dangerous as I think the
power is. By the same section they are to have
authority to inquire into and report to the Provost
Marshal General " all treasonable practices."
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] thinks
that is a very little clause in the bill. It does not
take up much room. It has not a very great num-
ber of words, but it clothes these men with tre-
mendous powers. " Treasonable practices !" 1
ask gentlemen again what arc " treasonable prac-
tices ?" What is intended by those words? The
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Sheffield]
told us yesterday that " treasonable practiccs"
were the " practices of treason." If that be so,
state so in the bill. Strike out the words trea-
sonable practices," and put in "treason," and
confine yourselves to the crime which is denounced
in the Constitution, and whose definition is cer-
tain  nd fixed. t
My colleague from the Steubenvillc district,
Mr. Bingham,] who spoke last night, told us
that it was almost impossible to define treasona-
ble practices; that they were accumulating so fast
that it is impossible to define them in a law. What!
have not twenty months of war developed all the
treasonable practices that you can imagine? If
it were true that it would be impossible for Con-
gress to define all treasonable practices, I ask my
colleague whether he proposes that the definition
of this crime, this new-fangled crime, is to be hid-
den in the breasts of these deputy provost mar-
shals until partisan malice or personal hatred shall
bring it to light? I want to know if he proposes
to confide to men such as these deputy provost
marshals are likely to be the power, after the act
shall have been committed, to say that it is trea-
sonable, and report the person to Washington for
arrest and condign punishment? Why,sir, that
is the very essence of tyranny. It is that of the
Grecian lawgiver who wrote his Jaws in letters of
blood, and posted them so high that they might
not be read. I believe an unfortunate Queen of
England was guilty of "treasonable practices."
She said that sh ' loved the king, her husband,
above all earthly beings; and it was alleged against
her that she was guilty of treason, inasmuch as
she had in this beon guilty of contempt of the
king's issue. If I shall have the opportunity, I
shall move the amendment to that portion of the
seventh section which I now send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Cleik read, as follows:
In line seven of section seven, after the words u disloyal
practices," in-a-it tlie following:
Provided, That the tenu " treasonable practice," shall
not be held and taken to ineludeanydiscuasaon in conven-
tions, in newj-papei-, or in public assemblies ol the people,
of any questions conncctcd wuh the purposes, objects, or
origin ot the war, ot with the measuies adopud by Con-
gress or Hie President in its prosecution, or with the neces-
sity, wisdom, or teims of its tci initiation, or the diseussion
of any question of policy whose ultimate decision is con-
fided to officers elected by the people: Jindprovided further,
That said term si treasonable practices," shall be held and
taken to include inch offenses only as are now or may here-
after be defined and prohibited by the laws of the United
States.
JVlr. PENDLETON. I pass now,Mr. Speaker,
to another provision of this seventh section, that
which provides that these provost marshals shall
have power to detect, arrest, and confine spies of
the enetny. Who aie spies of the enemy ? What
is the law to-day in reference to them? By the
two hundred and seventy-sixth section of the act
which enacted the Articles of War, it is provided:
ii That in time of war all persons not citizens or owing
allegiance to the United States of America who shall be
found linking as spies m or about the fortifications oi en-
campment* of the Army of the United Btate*, shall suffer
death according to the laws and usages of nations, by sen-
tence of general court-martial."
Who are the spies whom these provost mar-
shals are to arrest? Are they men of this de-
sciiption, lurking about the camps or within the
lines of tlie Army?
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague allow
me to call his attention to the fact that there is
another statute of the United States in relation to
spies in addition to that which he has just read
—the Articles ofWar—and which, I believe, was
enacted some six years before, which is still in
full force, which does not contain these words of
limitation r
Mr. PENDLETON. I know ofno such stat-
ute. ' If my colleague will produce that statute,
I shall be happy to be corrected by him.
Now, who are these spies whom you propose
that these provost marshals shall arrest? Not the
spies spoken of in that section. They are not
men lurking about your camps. They are men
in the city of Boston or New York, and through-
out the States of Massachusetts and Pennsylvania
and Ohio, and all over the country, whom these
provost marshals will choose to designate as spies.
This bill confides to them and not to any compe-
tent tribunal the determination whether these men
are spies or not. It confers on them power to
arrest and imprison all persons upon whom their
suspicions shall light. This bill presupposes that
it is to be executed in portions of the country in
which the civil law is in full force, where the
courts are in session, and where warrants will
run. And yet it provides that these marshals shall
have the power to arrestsummanlyand imprison
all men on the mere suspicion that they at e spies.
I would have that clause amended without im-
pairing its efficiency. 1 shall move, if I have an
opportunity, to strike out after the word "seized,"
the words "and confined," and to insert in lieu
thereof the woids "arrestand deliver immediately
to the civil authorities spies of the enetny."
I pass on, Mr. Speaker. The twelfth section
of the bill provides that whenever an enrollment
is made and it shall be necessary to call out the
force, the President of the United States shall as-
sign to each district the number of men to be taken
from it. He shall, in selecting the number of men
to be apportioned to each district, take into con-
sideration the number of volunteers who have
gone from each State. Why leave thatgreat power
to him? And from his decision there is no appeal.
Every provision of this bill, great or small, im-
portant or unimportant, seems to have been de-
signed for the purpose of confiding to the hands
of the Executive uncontrolled power over the lib-
erties of the citizen.
What is to be found in the next section, the
thirteenth J That when a man shall be enlisted
and d-aited he shall be notified to appear on or
before the day fixed for his appearance unless he
can furnish a substitute, or shall pay to such per-
son as the Secretary of War shall authorize to re-
ceive it such sum, not exceeding $300, as the Sec-
retary may determine, for the procuration of such
substitute. After the man is drafted the Secretary
of War has power then to commute with him his
service, not by rule, that is not said; not by gen-
eral order, that is not pretended; but according to
his pleasure in each particular case.
Certainly I need not call the attention of gen-
tlemen to a provision in the bill of this character.
I need not enlarge upon the danger of confiding
to any person such power as this, nor of the cer-
tainty that it will he abused. The very next clause
in the bill provides that men who have been drafted
and who refuse to report themselves, who have
never been accepted nor sworn into service, shall
be treated as deserters, and shall be tried by mil-
itary commisqptn or court-martial, it is expressly
provided that fifty per cent, more than the num-
ber necessary to be called into service shall be
drafted; and thus men who may not be subject to
military duty, who may never be sworn into ser-
vice, who may be physically unfitted for service,
may be treated as deserters, and not have the ben-
efit of a trial by any tribunal known to the civil
law. Though they may be sick or unable to ap-
pear, or incapable by reason of physical infirm-
ity, though they may be ready to pay the com-
mutation that may be fixed, they are liable to trial
by court-martial and to the penalties affixed .to
deserters.
The twenty-fifth section of the bill has been
commented upon at considerable length. What
does it provide ? An unlimited power of impris-
onment, until the draft shall be completed, with-
out the benefitof habeas corpusf without the bene-
fit of examination, of any person who shall resist
—a very general term—or who shall endeavor to
prevent others from executing this law. Sir, if
it were in my power I would so amend the bill—
and all in aid of the liberty of the citizen—that
instead of being kept in confinement until the
draft is completed, they should be immediately
delivered over to the civil authorities for trial and
punishment. The thirtieth section of the bill pro-
vides:
That in time of war, insurrection, or rebellion, murder,
assault and battery with an intent to kill, manslaughter,
mayhem, wounding by footing or stabbing with an Intent
to commit murder, robbery, arson, hmglary, rape, assault
and battery with an intent to commit rape, and larceny,
shall be punishable by the sentence of a general court-mar-
tial or military commission, when committed by persons
who are in the military service of the United States, and
subject to the Articles of War; and the punishments for such
offenses shall never be less than those inflicted by the laws
of the State, Teriitory, or Districtin which they may have
been committed.
Why is that in the bill? What is the necessity
for it? The law as it now stands is:
"That when any officer or soldier shall be accused of a
capital crime, or having used violence, or committed any
offence airanit-t the person or property of any citizen of the
United States, such as is punishable by the known laws of
the land, the commanding officer or olficcis of each regi-
ment, troop, or company to winch such person so accused
vhall belong, an; required to use their utmost endeavors to
deliver ovei such accused pcison or persons to the civil
magistrate."
Why is this innovation on the law? Why is
it proposed to remove those who may be in the
military service from the operation of the civil law
of the State? Why do you propose to remove
them from that liability to punishment which is
imposed on every other citizen of the land? Why
is this? Why do you propose to give-to these
courts-martial, that aie to be constituted by the
President, the entire power of punishing infrac-
tions of the law of the States or Territoi ies, while
the civil courts of those States and Territories
are in full opeiation? The gentleman from New
York [Mr. F. A. Conkling] tells me that thts
provision is to be confined to persons in actual
service in the lines of the Army—1 could well un-
derstand that; but when a soldier goes on furlough
to Massachusetts or Ohio, and there commits a
crime against the laws of Massachusetts or Ohio,
an infraction of the rights of the people of Mas-
sachusetts or Ohio, 1 cannot understand why he
should be carried out of that jurisdiction, to be
tried by a military commission or court-martial a
thousand miles away from the place of the com-
mission of the crime. Yet that is the provision
of the bill. A gentleman says that it is because
the character of the citizen is sunk in that of the
soldier. How does it come that when he is in
Stales removed from the operations of war, when
he is outside the lines of the Army, he has lost
the character of a citizen and assumed that of a
soldier? Sir, I am opposed to this provision. It
is unjust to the soldier, but far beyond that it is
unjust to the citizens of the States and Territories
in which the crime may have been committed.
Again, Mr. Speaker, in order to show the ex-
traordinary innovations that are proposed by this
bill, the twenty-seventh section, directly appli-
cable to the provisions of the thirtieth section, to
which I have called attention, provides that—
Depositions of witnesses residing beyond the limits of the
State. Teriitory, or district in which military courts shall
be ordered to sit,may be taken in cases notcapita! by either
parly and read in evidence: Provided, The same shall be
taken upon reasonable notice to the opposite party, and duly
authenticated.
Why, sir, in all the list of crimes specified in
the thirtieth section, there are not more than two
which are capital. All the rest are less than capi-
tal and are to be tried by a military commission
or a court-martial, in which they will have no op-
portunity of being confronted with witnesses, but
depositions may be read in evidence.
Sir, is there any justice in that? Is there any
wisdom in such a provision as that? Is there any
reason for overturning the foundations upon which
the criminal law of the country has been estab-
lished under the Constitution, upon the pretense
that you are providing for an enrollment of the
forces of the United States? How are these pro-
visions necessary to the accomplishment of that
enrollment? How do they aid the efficiency of
the law?
It seems to me they were invented and inserted
in this bill for the single purpose of bringing the
entire people of the country under the power of
