1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the President, and laying their liberties at his foot-
stool. The President regulates the enrollment,
orders the consciiption, assigns the quota to each
district, determines the exemptions, calls out the
forces. Officers appointed by him, removable at
his pleasure, execute these orders, arrest summa-
rily, imprison indefinitely all who are dilatory or
refractory or resist or counsel resistance, all who
may be denounced as deserters or spies, or who,
being in the service, are suspected of any crime,
or, being out of the service, are suspected of being
improperly out of it; and military commissions
constituted by him, and subject to dissolution at
his will, try and condemn I>y a sentence, which
may be confirmed or rejected by him, all persons
thus arrested. What imperial power is this?
What autocrat had ever more? No crown in
Europe could this day sustain its weight. No
throne is there which would not totter to its fall.
Now, sir, I have gone rapidly through the pro-
visions of this bill to which I make my chief ob-
jections. I have purposely refrained from dis-
cussing the general policy of the bill. I did not
wish to tread upon ground so fully occupied by
gentlemen who have preceded me. If gentlemen
must have a law for an enrollment and draft, let
them make its pro visions as lenient as is consistent
with that purpose. Let them take from it every
offensive feature which is not necessary for its
efficiency. Let them guard as sacredly as they
can all the rights of the citizen; let them preserve
as far as they can the character of the citizen in
the individual when they carry him out against
his will to be a soldier.
Gentlemen upon the other side of this Chamber
have taken offense at the warnings which have
been given of the probable effect of this bill upon
the country. Have they forgotten that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [iMr.
Stevens] said to us two or three weeks ago that
no more enlistments could be obtained, and. thata
draft was utterly impossible—"out of the ques-
tion" were his words. Nogentleman here can
fail to remember the occasion when he made that
declaration. I repeat, he told us that men would
not enlist, and that a draft could not be enforced,
that the people would not submit to it. The gen-
tleman was arguing another proposition at that
time. He was urging upon the House the neces-
sity of the enlistment of negroes in the Army of
the United States, He told us it was necessary
to pass that bill, necessary to pass it withoutdis-
cussion or delay, because the Government could
neitherget the volunteers nor  -nforce a draft,and
that these black people would flock in great num-
bers to our standard, and save the necessity of call-
ing for white soldiers again, i call gpntlemen to
witness the truth of my assertion, and if they have
fault to find with the predictions made in this de-
bate of trouble in enforcing the draft let them call
the venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania first
in question for the declaration which I have just
quoted.
I well remember, too, as all will, that gentle-
men on the other side of thf1 Chamber attempted
to pass the bill for the enlistment of negro sol-
diers through the House three weeks ago, under
the previous question, without debate or amend-
ment, because, as we were told, there was no time
during the remainder of the session for debate
or amendment; because, as we were told, unless
passed immediately and in the shape m which it
was reported, there was danger of its being lost
in the Senate. We were compelled to stay here
a whole night lesorting to every device of parlia-
mentary warfare in order to assert the ordinary
rights of a minority in any deliberative body.
We succeeded fully. The hill finally passed this
House and went to the Senate, where it has qui-
etly slept for three weeks without an attempt, so
far as I know, by any gentleman either in that
House or in this to have it called up for action.
And so now we are not to have the right to amend
this bill; sve may not even vote upon an amend-
ment, because, forsooth, there is danger of losing
the bill.
Gentlemen tell us that every member of the
Senate is in favor of this bill. That statement
has been made upon this floor as an evidence of
the great reaction going on in the country. If
that be so, why is there not time to perfect the
bill? Its passage would not be in jeopardy. If
the Senators are so unanimous in favor of this
most stringent bill, they will not make objection
to it nor delay its passage because it has been
made less stringent. Gentlemen ought to learn
a little by^expenence, and when we cite them to
events within their own knowledge, they ought
not to take offense at it. One draft has been or-
dered within the last four months; and gentlemen
very well know that it was not everywhere pas-
sively submitted to. It was first resisted by force
of arms in Connecticut; it was next resisted by
force of arms in Wisconsin; Indiana followed
immediately 
Mr. PORTER. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio to say that the draft was resisted
in Indiana?
Mr. PENDLETON. I have always under-
stood so.
Mr. PORTER. I remember no instance in
which the draft was resisted there.
Mr. PENDLETON. If I am wrong I am glad
to be corrected. The gentleman ought to know
better tiian I.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me ? It has been published all over the
country that the draft was resisted in the county of
Blackford, Indiana. I understand the facts to have
been these. Two men of the same family were
enrolled in a township in which they did not live.
The township in which they did live was not sub-
ject to the draft, having filled its quota by volun-
teering. They were thus wrongfully made subject
to military duty under the draft. On the day of
the drawing at the county seat, they went up with
some fnendsand protested against the proceeding,
stating that the township in which they lived had
made up its quota and no draft was to occur there.
They were not, therefore, properly subject to draft.
They resisted the drawing of their names under
these circumstances. For that, with a numberof
other citizens, these two men were arrested; and
the punishment consisted in these two men being
forced into the Army, although not subject to mil-
itary duty, where I presume they now are, while
the other citizens who were arrested, eleven or
twelve in number I think, were taken to Indian-
apolis, where I saw them myself—one of them
insane from his treatment—confined in a loath-
some, filthy prison, from which, after perhaps two
months, they were released without trial, and
without, so far as I know, any charge being pre-
ferred against them. Two of them, I have been
informed, died from disease thus contracted.
These are the circumstances to which 1 presume
the gentleman from Ohio refers in Indiana.
Mr. PORTER. I had forgotten the Blackford
county affair; nor do I now remember accurately
the circumstances under which the draft was re-
sisted. I know the fact, however, that there were
strongly mitigating circumstances. But I say here
that in no State of this Union—and I believe I will
be borne out in this statement by every one of my
colleagues—was the draft submitted to more cheer-
fully than in Indiana. There was no general feel-
ing of opposition to the draft in a single county
in the State.
Mr. VOORHEES. I agree with my colleague,
and I intended to confirm his statement in correc-
tion of my friend from Ohio. The draft has never
been up to this time resisted in the State of Indi-
ana.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 was speaking from re-
port only. I may have been mistaken—it seems
1 was mistaken—in respect to the spirit with
which the resistance was made.
Mr. SEIANKS. I ask thegentleman from Ohio
to yield to me for a moment. The case referred
to of the resistance to the draft in the State of In-
diana occurred in my district. That resistance to
the draft giew out of a preconcerted treasonable
purpose, and ardent spirits had very much to do
with it. It occurred in the county of Blackford,
in my district, where I had an appointment to
speak the same evening. I did speak there in spite
of an infuriated mob who had prepared them-
selves to destroy the boxes in which the draft
was placed; and they did destroy them. They
huzzaed for Jefferson Davis. The multitude there,
I know myself, prevented the marshal from mak-!
ing a draft. It was a combination of base men; :
and I know that they were prowling and lying
about the streets of the town until daylight, using
the most horrible profanlfy against the Govern-
ment and its officers. They came under my win-
dow and swore to take my life because I spoke
in favor of the draft and defended the Adminis-
tration and Government and insisted that the draft
should be carried out. That evening, w.hen I was
coming into the town, I was met by my friend,
who informed me of what had taken place, and of
the threats that were made against my life if- i.
dared to speak in the town that night. As I have
already said, I was not deterred from fulfilling
my appointment. The base men who were en-
gaged in this combination only numbered, alto-
gether, some forty-three men. I callcd upon the
Governor of Indiana, and he sent off a company
of cavalry, who arrested and brought a part.of
them to Indianapolis, where they were put in
prison. My colleague spoke about their having
been incarcerated in filthy prisons. Now, I do
not believe that the State of Indiana treats even
its meanest citizens in that way. It is certain that
there was a combination there to resist the draft,,
and that these men broke the boxes, destroyed
the rolls, and scattered the tickets, and prevented
the marshal from making the draft. It is certain
that they threatened the life of every man who
favored the draft. I have a very distinct recollec-
tion of the violations of the draft which had been
ordered by the Government.
Mr.VOORHEES. Let this House be the judge.
I have made my statement. My colleague has
made his. Conceding my colleague's statement
to be true, which I do not, I desire to ask in what
position he puts the Governorof his State and his
own party, as well as himself? On his statement
I charge his party with having turned felons loose
without trial. You had them in custody for two
long months, and you turned them out without
trial. Not one of those men was ever brought to
trial. When a gentleman occupying the position
of my colleague on this floor and in this House
had locked up in his breast these important facts,
which he details here to-day, is it not strange thai
he never revealed them before? In what attitude
does he stand before the loyal people of Indiana
when he never turned his finger, never made oath,
never attempted anything for the purpose of bring-
ing these men to trial and punishment? Let him
have the benefit of the statement, which I do not
admit, and it convicts him and his party and the
officials of the State and Federal Governments ot
compounding an infamous felony against the laws.
They became co-conspirators against the Govern-
ment, and should themselves be brought to trial
and punishment.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to allow me a few moments for the purpose of an-
swering my colleague.
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot yield. I should
be glad to allow this discussion to go on, but it is
irrelevant to my argument.
Mr. SHANKS. Then I give notice that I shall
seek another occasion to set this matter right. "
Mr. PENDLETON. The discussion between
the two gentlemen from Indiana shows conclu-
sively the fact that I have asserted, that in the
State of Indiana there had also been resistance to
the draft. Itcommenced with Connecticut, it trav-
eled to Wisconsin and Indiana 
Mr. McINDOE. Let me say a word about
Wisconsin.
Mr. PENDLETON. I decline to yield—not
from discourtesy nor from indisposition to be in-
terrupted—my time is almost exhausted.
Why has not the draft been enforced in Mas-
sachusetts? Why is it day after day and month
after month delayed there? Wc heard only two
or three weeks ago that the Governor of that State
had obtained authority from the War Department
to raise a regiment of colored soldiers to supply
the deficiency of white soldiers in the field from
that State. Why was it not enforced in New
York? Was it because, as it has been charged,
that the Governor of New York was afraid to try
the experiment ? Why is it that the draft has not
been enforced in the disti ictof the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] who is so enam-
ored of this bill? I am told that in his district
alone in the State of Pennsylvania was it resisted
at ail. Why is it that this draft which was or-
dered last August has never yet been executed in
many of the States of the Union? Why has it
been delayedasingle day? The immediate pressing
necessity for more sold iers was the reason assigned
for ordering it. Did that necessity pass away,
or was it feared that the enforcementof the draft
would lead to turmoil, and perhaps to bloodshed ?
That was a draft of the militia made as far as pos-
