1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
sibli' under the provisions of State laws, executed
by State officers, with the exemptions provided by-
State Jaws. Do gentlemen think that the Federal
Go\ernment can draft under this bill with less
difficulty and more ease than if it used the agen-
cies of State laws, to which the people are more
accustomed t That was a draft for nine months,
and a man could look forward with hope to the
termination of the term of service. This bill au-
thorizes a draft for three years or for the war; it
may be five, and it may be ten.
Now let me ask gentlemen to pause before they
pass a bill of this kind, with all of the obnoxious
provisions, which they themselves admit ought to
be amended. If they do not, disaster may be the
consequence. It is easy to say that such remon-
trance proceeds from a desire to embarrass the
Government; that a hearty zeal would not admit
the possibility of resistance to any measure adopt-
ed by Congress. Sir, the people have been edu-
cated to believe that they understand the necessi-
ties of the Governmentas well as membersofCon-
gress and that they have as pure a patriotism and
as keen a perception ofjustice and equality. They
have been taught that the Government was made
by them and for them, and that they ought to con-
trol its policy. It is well to know their temper, to
understand their feelings, and not to hazard the
Government in a contest to enforce by physical
power laws which they have shown they will not
readily obey. Nor is it wise to reply to a state-
ment that such contest is imminent, that the sug-
gestion arises from disloyal sentiments. That is
a style of argument which has been worn thread-
bare upon the floor of this House, and 1 am sorry
that my friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] at this
late day should indulge in it. Gentlemen say
they must have a draft. Then enforce it under
the most favorable circumstances possible to the
people. Make it as lenient as possible. Do noth-
ing which will aggravate the misery, the discontent
of the people. Do not in any way increase the
hardships which the draft will inevitably bring
upon them.
Mr. WICKLIFFE obtained the floor.
Mr. OLIN. I desired to make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Ohio before he yielded the
floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The member from Indi-
ana [Mr. Dunn] has renewed the unprovoked
assault upon me by reading some remarks as re-
potted by some editor's stenographer, made by
me at Indianapolis, in relation to a gallant officer
and soldier, General McDowell. My wish is, in
the presence of all, in and out of this House, who
heard the extract of my speech at Indianapolis
read by the gentleman, to hear my response. J
wjll then yield to the gentleman from New York
with pleasure. I have made the amende honorable
to General McDowell personally. I wish to do it
publicly. In my speech at Indianapolis I made
some remarks which did him great injustice. I
confess that I labored under the impression which
was almost universal when Congress adjourned at
its last session, that General McDowell was in-
strumental—I know not how J got the opinion—
in breaking up the army of the Potomac into in-
dependent corps. This division of the Army, I
then thought, and events have proved that I was
right, would inevitably produce disaster, if not
fatal defeat, to our army in Virginia. From all I
saw, 1 thought he had discretionary power to move
his forces to the aid of our army in the battles
befoie Richmond, and strengthen the force under
General McClcllan before Richmond. He failed
to do that which I supposed he had the power to
do, commanding, as i believed he did, an inde-
pendent corps subject to his orders. But I find
not only that I have done him injustice, but that
his Government has done him great injustice. I
have become satisfied, by reading the proceedings
of some of the courts-martial we have had, that
all that military movement to which J referred was
against his better military experience and judg-
ment. 1 honor him for the opinions which he
held and expressed upon this subject; and I take
back every unfriendly expression which I may
have made in public or in private m disapproba-
tion of his conduct.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will suspend. The hour for the recess has
arrived.
Mr. COLFAX. I object to a recess this even-
in?.
The SPEAKER. The only question, then, un-
der the order of the House is, "Shall there be a
recess?"
Mr. COX. I make the point that the time has
gone by.
The SPEAKER. Under the order, the mem-
bers present when the time for a recess arrives,
are entitled to a vote whether there shall be a re-
cess, if any member desires it.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the recess be taken
at five o'clock, instead of half past four.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion. The only question is, "Shall there
be a recess?" If there is a recess, it must be from
half past four until seven o'clock.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. •
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
a question of order.
Mr. COX. Has the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The motion was not enter-
tained.
Mr. COX. He made a motion that a recess be
taken at a fixed hour.
The SPEAKER. But it was not entertaind,
as the only question is, " Shall there be a recess ?"
Mr. COLFAX. As there seems to be no dis-
position to agree upon anything, I withdraw my
application that there shall be no recess.
The House then took a recess until seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemfvn from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wickliffe] is entitled to the floor.
CHESAPKAKE AND OHIO CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Will the gen-
tleman from Kentucky yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will.
Mr, THOMAS, of Maryland. There is a bill
upon the Speaker's table which ought to be acted
on this session, if acted on at all. It was reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs at the
last session of Congress. It had the unanimous
approbation of that committee, and it is founded
upon a report and estimates of the War Depart-
ment. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of the bill (H. Ii. No. 542) for the relief of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company. I do not
propose now to ask any action upon it. I make
this request upon the consent of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of said bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I do not like to
ask for the consideration of the bill in so thin a
House. I therefore move that its consideration
be postponed until to-morrow morning at one
o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am reluctant to object
to anything which the gentleman from Maryland
desires, but I wish to say to him that the Com-
mittee on Commerce has a great amount of busi-
ness before it, and unless that committee can be
called during the morning hour thatbusiness must
go over entirely.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Then I move
that it be postponed until three o'clock to-mor-
row. I do not wish to force action upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will not object to any
hour after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPERTY OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to allow me to report a bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Claims, reported back, with a
recommendation that itdo pass,abill (H. R. No.
401) relating to the claims for the loss and destruc-
tion of property belonging to loyal citizens, and
damages thereto by thetfoopsoftheUnited States
during the present rebellion; and moved that it
be postponed until Friday next after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. HAHN,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to provide for the election of Representatives
in Congress from the State of Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Elections.
COURTS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WATTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to regulate the holding of the courts
in the third judicial district in the Territory of New
Mexico; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONSCRIPT ACT.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is not my purpose to
indulge in a lengthy discussion of the questions
which have been more fully and more ably dis-
cussed than I can expect to do at this or any other
time. I have examined this bill, not with a par-
tisan eye, but with a desire to see if such a law
could be passed by Congress under the powers
granted it by the Constitution of the United
States, and consistently with our duties as legis-
lators.
In my intercourse with various advocates of this
bill I have been met with this strange idea; when I
referred to the Constitution giving power to Con-
gress to call the militia into the service of the
United States, I was told that this bill did not call
the militia of the States into the service of the
United States. I asked what were the men who
were called out under this bill? The reply has
been the question, were the slaves we ordered to
be enrolled in the army militia? My reply was,
they are not militia, they are property. We will
consult the statute law of the United States, we
will see that they use the words " every white
male inhabitant, between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five, shall be considered and regarded as con-
stituting the militia of the States." Hence, sir,
your bill authorizing the President to go into the
cabins and on to the plantations of individuals
and enlist or entice their slaves into the Army, I
regarded as no interference with the militia of the
country, or in violation of thatarticle of the Con-
stitution which governs and controls our action
when we deal with the subject of the militia. I
will read from high authority upon the subject
of this term " militia," where it originated, and
what it means:
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The word militia is derived from the Latin word miles,
a soldier; Greek, molos, war. The body of soldiers in a
State enrolled for discipline, but not engaged in actual ser-
vice except in emergencies, as distinguished from icgti-
iar tioops, whose sole occupation is war or military ser-
vice. The militia of a country arc the able-bodied men
organized into companies, regiments, and brigade*, with
officers of ali grades, and requited by law to attend military
exercises on certain days only, but at other time's left to
pursue their usual occupations.
'•In England the militia consists of two hundred thou-
sand men, who do service about twenty-eight day-* in the
year. In the United States the militia are composed of
persons between eighteen and forty-five years of ago.''
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. From what
author does the gentleman read?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. From Webster's large
Dictionary, and that is regarded as pretty good
authority in New England.
By this bill you take from under the control of
a State that portion of its male-white population
which, according to the laws of that State, and
according to the laws of the United States, have
been declared to constitute the militiaof the States,
namely, the white male population between the
ages of eighteen and forty-five. These, sir, con-
stitute the militia within the meaning of the Con-
stitution. I should like to know what part of the
population is left to a State. What portion of the
militia power do you leave subject to the oiders
of the government of the State? 'If you take from
them all between the ages of eighteen and forty-
five, what remains? Men under eighteen consti-
tute no pan of the militia force. Men over forty-
five constitute no portion of the militia force.
Your bill takes all male citizens between those
I ages and enrolls them all as soldiers in the Army,
! over which the States have no control, and are
j denied the privilege of appointing the officers,
i We have in this country, under our Constitu-
I tion and system of government, but two classes
I of military men—one the regular Army, and the
j other the militia. Volunteer soldiers are militia.
, You have a regular Army, and then you have a
. volunteer Army, which is composed of the mill-
