1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-mm
tia. This bill proposes to give you an army of
conscripts; and I should like to know what then
becomes of the militia which belongs to the sev-
eral States of this Union.
Now, sir, this question of the power of Con-
gress, as declared in the Constitution, over the
militia of the States, was a subject of violent de-
nunciation, addressed to the prejudices and pas-
sions rather than to the judgments of the people,
by those who originally opposed the adoption of
the Federal Constitution. It was urged then that
it was dangerous to give the Federal Government
the slightest control over the militia of the States,
because the power might be used to the prejudice
and destruction of the State governments. That
objection was met by the authors of the book
known as the Federalist, which I hold in my
hand. Mr. Hamilton met this popular objection,
as it was supposed to be, by stating that from
such a force, coming from the body of the peo-
ple, and officered by the States, no danger could
oe apprehended, as no ambitious leader could
wield it to the prejudice and destruction of popu-
lar rights.
Now, let us see what is to be done when the
Government wishes to avail itself of this arm of
the national strength. You cannot change its
character by changing the name of the soldier.
He is still a militiaman. He is a laborer, a me-
chanic, a man of science, or a man of business,
and not a man of war. You may call them " con-
script soldiers," constituting a national army,
and take them from their homes by means of mil-
itary power, but they are still militiamen; or, if
they enlist of their own free will and action, they
are still militiamen. When a man is sworn into
the service he becomes a part and parcel of the
Army of the United States; but he belonged ori-
ginally and still belongs to the militia of the State
from which he comes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose he is enlisted into
the regular Army, is he then a militiaman?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is as reasonable a
question as if the gentleman were to ask me,
" suppose a man were dead, would he be a living
man?" [Laughter?] When he enlists in the reg-
ular Army he is no longera freeman; he loses his
rights as a citizen during the period of his enlist-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose we draft them into
the regular Army?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What do you mean by
that? Have you any law authorizing it? You
have a law regulating enlistments in the regular
Army. You cannot by that law put a man into
the regular Army against his consent. It must be
a free and voluntary enlistment on his part.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether I understand him to say that the
Government can take no soldiers into its Army
without their conscnt?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Cannot you answer that
question yourself? [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose I could.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then why ask me? I
knew my answer would do you no good. I say
that, under the pretense of raising an army, you
have no right to go into a State and take a man
from his home by force, unless you submit him
to the government of officers appointed by the
Governor of his State. That is my answer to
your question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman evades my
question, as he is perfectly at liberty to do.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is what men always
say when they are not able to understand an an-
swer. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman seems not
to be in a very kindly mood this evening.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am in a very good mood
—not the least excited. [Laughter.] When a
gentleman asks a question and then cannot com-
prehend the answer to it, it is not my fault.
Now, sir, let us see what power this Govern-
ment has over the militia of the States. Here is
the power granted to Congress by the Constitu-
tion:
" To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such prut of tliem as may be em-
ployed in the service ot the United States.'"
I do not care how they are brought into the ser-
vice of the United States, whether they volunteer
or are drafted; when you have got the soldier you
must treat him as a militiaman under the Consti-
tution. But the clause goes on thus:
" Reserving to the States, respectively, the appointment
of the officers, and the authority of training the militia ac-
cording to the discipline prescribed by Congress."
When you call the militia into the service, who
is to appoint their officers, under the Constitution?
Why, sir, such was the feeling upon this ques-
tion that in 1812 some of the States—Massachu-
setts, I know, was oi\e—took the ground that they
hod not only the right to organize their militia and
officer them, but that the Government of the Uni-
ted States had no right to march them outside the
limits of the State for the defense of this Union in
the contest then waging with Great Britain.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman if he
does not know that that \*as denounced at the time
as unpatriotic and disloyal, and whether it has
not been so regarded ever since?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. You say so; and I have
no doubt that it was so. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman, as a
historical fact, whether it was not so?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Certainly, sir; andl con-
demned it then myself, so far as Massachusetts
refused to permit the militia to cross the lines of
the State to defend the United States in that war.
I only mentioned it to show that at that time the
Governors of some of the States contended that
not only had they the right to enroll, organize,
arm, and officer the militia, but that the Govern-
ment of the United States had no right to call it
into its service beyond the State lines. They held
that it was the intention of the Constitution that
the militia arm was only for the defense of the
State, and not of the United States.
Now, I beg the advocates of this bill to look at
its provisions. The provost marshals are to en-
roll the militia in every State and district, all the
able-bodied men between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five. These men are subject to be called
from their homes, unorganized even into compa-
nies. They are to be taken by the order of the
President and driven to the Army like cattle or
mules to market. I ask you whether you are
prepared to say to the people, to the fathers and
mothers, the wives and relatives of the men whom
you thus enroll, that you will take them in this
way from their homes, without even giving them
the poor privilege of electing their company offi-
cers?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has adverted just now to
the power to organize the militia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky what limitation he finds
in the Constitution on the power " to raise and
support armies ?" and whether there is anything
in the Constitution to require that an army laised
by the Government of the United States shall be
raised by voluntary enlistment, as distinguished
from conscription? What is the limitation of that
power to call out the citizens in defense of the
Government, and against a foreign enemy?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I answer that question
by saying that the power of Congress to raise an
army, a regular army, is unlimited.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Whatlim-
itation has the regular army?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. None in number.
Mr. THOM AS, of Massachusetts. What lim-
itation in quality ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. None in quality. The
laws, however, have prescribed the qualifications
for a man in the army as well as in the militia.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that a practice has been observed by the
Government heretofore in regard to enlisting men
in the Army; but does that interfere with Uncon-
stitutional power of the national Government to
raise armies ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Sir, the cotemporaneous
exposition of the Constitution ought to have some
weight with a jurist of such eminence as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The interpretation
of the powers of the Government under that Con-
stitution as adopted, explained, and acted upon
since 1789 down to the present day, is not to be
disregarded by those who have any regard for the
men that have passed before us, and who are pre-
sumed to have understood .the intention and pur-
pose of that instrument which they themselves
made or assisted in making. Refer to the first le-
gislation under Washington's administration,and
see what he thought and what Congress thought
was the meaning of the clause in the Constitution ,
in regard to organizing the Army of the United
States.
Has Congress, ever since the adoption of the
Constitution, left it to the Executive to settle what
should be the strength of the military force of the
United States? And is Congress now prepared,,
when authorizing the raising of an army, to sur-
render the right of fixing the number of that
army, and to leave it to the discretion of the Exec-
utive to make it a million or half a million, a
thousand or a hundred men? This bill gives him
the right to force into his serviceevery militia man
in the twenty-three States and Territories.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand, if the question is addressed to me, that the
law already existing fixes the number of persons
who may be called into the Army of the United
States, and that this bill simply provides for the
mode of putting men into the Army.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then, for the public safe-
ty, obey the Constitution, and let that be inserted
in the bill. Let Congress retain some power over
the Army. Say that the number to be raised shall
not exceed any number now authorized by law.
Do not leave it open to the discretion of the Presi-
dent. Do not leave it open to misconceptions.
When this Congress at the called session author-
ized the acceptance of five hundred thousand vol-
unteers, the Government claimed, under the pro-
visions of another law, a right to accept an addi-
tional half million. This I thought, and still think,
was a great error. Let this law fix the number
of men to be taken. Let it say that in calling
these men into service the Army shall not exceeu
that now allowed by law. Then we will under-
stand what army we have, and what army wc
must pay. But as this bill now stands there is no
restriction as to numbers. The President is au-
thorized, without limit as to number, by a bill
which passed this House, to enroll the whole three
million negroes that may be caught in the South,
and the slaves of citizens of other States; and I
suppose the gentleman from Massachusetts will
not agree that they shall constitute a part of the
white Army heretofoie authorized.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, is drawn and intended
to leave it to the discretion of the President to call
on all the citizens of the United States, at his will
or pleasure, for two years, or for three years, or
during the war, without any restriction as to num-
bers, place them under military law in the Army,
and to place the whole population left in the States
under martial law, denying to them the freeman's
writ, the habeas corpus. It is a surrender by Con-
gress of the sovereignty of the States and the lib-
erty of the citizen. Besides that, it puts under
his exclusive control every militia man in every
State, leaving none for its own self-defense. Un-
der this law your provost marshals may go to the
State of New York, the State of Pennsylvania, or
the State of Kentucky, and enroll every man in
those States between the ages of eighteen and for-
ty-five, leaving the States themselves without any
militia for defense against invasion or insurrec-
tion. The moment they are enrolled this bill
deposes the State authority over its own militia.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky permit me to suggest a proposition
which I intend to offer?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will hear it.
Mr. SARGENT. It is that the debate shall pro-
ceed until nine o'clock this evening; that then one
hour shall be spent in considering and acting upon
such amendments as may be offered to the bill—
the debate on such amendments to be limited to
five minute speeches; and at the expiration of the
hour the vote to be taken on the bill and amend-
ments then pending.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 'I was coming, Mr. Speak-
er, to that part of the bill which gives the Pres-
ident the power over the militia thus enrolled,
without their having the privilege even of electing
their company officers. They are to be gathered
together, as horses are collected in droves, and
sent to the headquarters of the Army. What then?
The militia of Pennsylvania, when thus carried
to the lines of the Army in Tennessee or Alabama,
are divided up among, perhaps, Kentucky regi-
ments, losing their State identity completely, and
officered by men who are strangers to them, and
