THE CONGRESS
 } y
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. R.IVES, WASHINGTON, 3). <0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 1863.
New Series.,...No, SI.
Those who are for pacific measures, so long as the
Government has strength to contend against aimed
rebellion,entertain a delusive hope, as well as com-
mit a great moral and political wrong. The senti-
ment of the people throughout the land is for
preserving the Government that their fathers gave
them at all hazards and at every cost. They ate
for the vigorous prosecution of the war to the
bitter end for the restoration of the Constitution
and the Union. This sentiment has been every-
where proclaimed. There is universal concert
among the masses on this question. The leaders
may have faltered, the people have not.
1 know that the negro emancipation agitation
has created dissatisfaction and division. I know-
that it has imposed its troubles and difficulties, but
the Government has power and strength enough
to overcome these and put down rebellion effect-
ually.
A word aboutintervention. We learn that both
the English and French Governments have a de-
sire to enter the affray on tins continent. Let
them conic. While tins might not be desiiable, sve
may rest under the assurance that our power and
resources are great; and that, though civil war is
making sad havoc over our laud, we can meet
them too. One benefit might probably grow out
of their interference. It would unite a divided
North. It would, at least, stop this eveilastmg
cry of peace. To Exeter Hall half of our troubles
at home may be attributable. England may now
make the attempt to take advantage of the seeds
of discord her miserable emissaries have scat-
tered broadcast over our once happy land. If she
sends her iron-clad ships of war, we must meet
them. We have the means and will to feed her
famished people, as well as the courage and prow-
ess to repel herarmies and navies. WemustpraS*
pare for great exploits. We fight for empire. Our
battle-grounds will commemorate the deeds of a
race of men who, if they fail, fought for liberty
and the rights of man. Our cause is worthy of
success, and we can only be defeated m a morbid
sensibility which has found, unhappily, a lodg-
ment in the North, which is in sympathy with
the blackest treason.
The men who entertain these views may flourish
now, but the day of retribution will come. The
mask shall be torn from the face of the leaders,
and their followers shall stand aghast at their
mora! deformities.
There has been cause for popular complaint and
distrust as to the conduct of the war and manage-
ment of the public affairs; but there has been no
cause as yet for them to abandon the Union and
desert their Government. Demagogues cannot
corrupt the people, and woe to the men who have
deceived them. The people deaire peace; but
peace on terms alike honorable to them and the
success of fre.e principles. They want peace, but
with a whole Union; and on any other terms they
will indignantly reject it.
Mr. Speaker, I am so much exhausted that I
must bring my remarks to a close. Where I stood
when rebellion began, 1 stand to-day, on the same
platform. I have undergone no change in my
sentiments or opinions. I denounced lcbelhon at
the threshold ; I denounce it now. I have no terms
to make with traitors which look to the deduc-
tion of the Union. I am satisfied none other can
be obtained. Time will determine whether my
position is right or not. J abide it.
The war has cost me its trials and tribulations.
I can truly close my remarks with a quotation
from an ancient philosopher, uttered over the dead
body of his son, slain in battle:
"I should have Washed it* Cato"-* house had saood
Secure and flourished in a civil wai.'*
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House lesolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VALLA.NDIGHAM. Let me first move
to postpone the further consideration of the pend-
ing resolutions.
"Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
The motion was agreed to.
21
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Campbell
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill (H. R. No.
659) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will yield to
me, as it is very late, I will move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. WARD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 659, to provide ways and means for the
support, of the Government, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. LOOMIS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of Finnic Fowler, widow
of Lieutenant A. C. Fowler.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 15, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Re v. Dr. Sunderland.
TheJournalof yesterday was read andapproved
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
The VICE PRESIDjENTpresented the creden-
tials of Hon. Charles R. Hucicalew, elected a*
Senator by the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania, lor the term of six years from the 4th
day of March, 1863; which were read, and ordered
i to be placed upon the files of the Senate.
PETITION* AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of J. R. McDowell, president of the Leaven-
worth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company,
for a grant of ten sections of Sand per mile to that
company, to aid in the construction of a branch
of its road from Fort Riley westwardly along the
valley of the Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas river,
to the one hundred and fourth or one hundred
and fifth meridian of west longitude; which was
referred to the select committee on the Pacific
raihoad.
PRINTING OF A MEMORIAL.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 presented yesterday ame-
moualfrom thoWyandottIndians, which 1 should
like to have printed. I ask that the motion to
punt be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so're-
ferred.
REPORTS FROJI COMMITTEES.
Mr. AA'TTJONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce, of
the State of New Yoilc, in favor of the enlarge-
ment of the locks of the Erie and Oswego canals,
for the defense of the State, reported in favor of the
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. "The select committee of the
Senate, appointed to inquire into the facts rela-
tive to the chartering of transport vessels for the
Banks expedition, and transports generally, ask
leave respectfully to report, m part, so far as re-
lates to the Ranks expedition. 1 move that the
report lie on the table, and be printed.
It was so ordeiod.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H- R.
No. 591) to indemnify the President and other
persons fof suspending the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus, and acts done in pursuance there-
of, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. Nof
457) to regulate judicial proceedings in certain"
cases therein mentioned, have instructed me to
report it back with a recommendation that it" be
indefinitely postponed. The reason for that mo-
tion is, that the committee report the substance of
the same bill as a substitute for the House bill"
which I have just reported,
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the bill (B. No. 114) to provide for the as-
certainment and satisfaction of claims of American citifcensf
lur spoliations-committed by the French prio* to the 3!st"
da j- of July, 180J, he recommitted to the Committee on For-
eign Relation-*.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 208) making a donation of
lands to the States ol Michigan and Wisconsin, to aid them
in making a militaiy road and telegraph line in said States,
be lecommitted to tiic Committee on Public Lands.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No.464) concerning military courts;
which was read twice by its title, referred to th$
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 465) providing for the payment of the
debts of various Indian tribes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
COMPENSATION OF CUSTOMS COLLECTORS.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secrotaiy of the Treasury be requested
to inloini the donate what amount of compensation is paid
to the collectors of customs m the enumerated and non-
enunietatod distucts under the acts of May 7, 1822. and
March 3, 161!; and also, iroin what source llie. funds are
dcuved out of wlueh the said compensation is paid.
EXCLUSION OF PAPERS FROM MAILS.
Mr. CAIILILE. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General inioim the Senate
if there have been sent from his Department instructions
to any of the deputy postmasters m any State to the effect
that the leeent oidei of the PoatOllic'e Department, allow-
ing tn ooitain pnpeis the puvilege of parsing through the
mails, oi " icbtoiing certain paper- to the privileges of the
mail does not apply to those excluded by military author-
ity j" and if so, by what law any inilitaiy commander or
authouty is authouzed to exclude any matter heretofore
nan-muted through the mail* fiotn them ; and by what law
said order fiom hi* Department was issued; and that he
a!>o furnish copieh of any such instructions, with the names
of the perM>n* to whom they were sent.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think that
resolution had belter lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
the resolution lies over under the rule,
MACHINERY OF THE OSSIPEE.
Mr. BROWNING, I submit a resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he directed to
jcpoi t to the Senate as to the condition of the war steamer
O.-Mpc-f, now l\ mg at the navy-yaid for lepairs to her ma-
chmeiy: 1. Wlien, and at what port, did she first put to sea,
and h' w far had ^teamed when she fust became dis-
abled? Did the injury arise fiom accident or fiom fric-
tion and the irregi'.lai pie^uic caused by the imperfect con-
s-tructmn of hci machinery? 3. Was the engine constructed
and placed, m all tilings, according to the most approved
and well-ti'xtod modern mode of construction? If not, in
what does it vaiy lioni it r 4. What was the maximum of
the "-li i j) when moved by steam power alone, and how much,
if any, doc-, it fall short of the .speed of the best steam war
ships of modem construction? 5. IIow many steam war
ships have b'%( n built, and are now building,for the United
Stales Aravy, on the same plan, and by whose direction was
tin-? plan adopted, and under whose supervision have sueli
vvat st-'amei-; been built?
Mr. HALE. IftheScnatorinsists on the passage
of the resolution I shall not object; but I would a
little lather that it should lie over until to-mor-
; row morning, for the purpose of including some
i similar inquiries in regard to two or three other
