1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 —  
to call up that resolution for action; and when it
is taken up, I have an amendment that 1 wish to
propose to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I desire to move an amendment
to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is within the
power of the Senator to modify his own resolution.
Mr. HALE. Then, sir, I will modify it in the
fifteenth line by strikingout the words " of corrup-
tion," and inserting after the word " Congress,
in the same line, the words "of passing a law
from personal instead of public considerations."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution, as
modified, will now be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whei eas, the Secretary of the \Tavy, on the 12th of Janu-
ary instant, addressed a letter to John P. IIale, a member
of this hodv, inclosing a communication from Joseph ;<nuth,
Chief of the Bureau of YimU and Doel^. m reference to •
the neglect to execute a law of tln.-> Congress for the pur-
chase of land adjacent to the navy-}aid 111 Kuteiy, near
Poitsinouth, which eommumc«itjon contained the follow-
ing : {* If so, and Conere** thought propoi to make a pur-
chase, unsolicited by the Dcpaitinent, or property, with per-
sonal instead of public consideration'?, the object could only
be obtained b\ making the phraseology of the law >>o ex-
plicit as to lefieve the Department from any leepon^ibility
or judgment m the premises." And wiieie.is the foregoing
statement of the Chief of the Buieau of Y uds  and Docks
contain^ a ohaige aganwt Congie^s. of passing n law fiom
persona! instead of public con^ideiation5?: Therei'me,
Resotvcd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the tiuth of the same, what personal
eonsidetatjons governed Congress in making the purchase,
and who were influenced thereby, and that they have power
to send for persons and paper?.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I am ut-
terly opposed to the passage of this resolution;
and if it is to be uiged by the Senator, I must
necessarily call for the reading of pretty volum-
inous papers, for I intend to debate it at length, j
I regard it as entirely unnecessary and trifling m
its character, and as necessarily, in its terms, eon- j
veymg a sort of imputation on the officer named, ,
which is entirely undeserved, in my judgment. I
hope, therefore, that it will not be taken up at the
present time; for I wish to take up some public
bills which it is very important to act upon imme-
diately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution has
been taken up, and is now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move that the
further consideration of it be postponed tor the
purpose of taking up some public bills.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Piesident, I have no feeling
in this matter, not the slightest. I can stand these
things as well as any one. I have stood them fiom
newspapers, high and low, and never answeied
but one of them in my life, and was soiry for that.
But this is not a newspaper communication; it is
not an anonymous communication. It is a com-
munication from the head of one of the Depart- ,
merits of this Government, which substantially j
indorses thestatement, " thatCongresshas passed i
a law from personal instead of public considera- ]
tions." The thing has been before the public and ;
before the officer making the charge, some two or ;
three days. The resolution has been published j
in the newspapers. The language is too plain to j
admit of any doubt about its construction. It is ,
a charge of improper motives m Congress in pass-
ing a law, and has never been disavowed by htm i
who made it, publicly or privately, nor by any of '
his fnends; but it stands in the at chives of one of ■
the Departments, that Congress has passed a law -
from persoik'1 instead of public considerations, j
That is all 1 have to say about it. If the lest of j
the Senate can stand it as well as 1 can, I am i
content; and I have nothing more to hay. ;
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have only to eay in re- !
ply to that, that no notice has been taken of this
subject m tiie newspapers that I am aware of, in ,
any shape. I said m my place here when this ,
resolution was first introduced that I thought— ,
and I believed I knew—that, taking that commu-
nication together, i! conveyed no imputation. _ I .
have examined it since, and I am perfectly satis- i
find it does not contain an imputation. The letter
was not intended for the public at all. The sim-
ple fact u as, that the honorable Senator from New
jrlampshtie addressed a letter to the Secretary of
the Navy, in which lie treated the head of the
Bureau of Yard v and Dorks with great roughness,
exceeding roughness. The letter was labored to a
very considerable length; and that letter he took
occasion to have published in the newspapers m
his own State, with a note from him requesting
its publication. That letter was addressed to the
Secretary of the Navy. The Secretary of the
Navy sent it to Commodore Smith. Commodore
Smith* in reply, addressed a letter to the Secre-
tary of the Navy making a defense of himself.
A copy of that letter was sent to the honorable
Senator, and upon that he makes the movement
which he has now made. I have read both let-
ters; and I undertake to say that if there is an im-
putation upon Congress of passing a bill from
private motives, which I deny, it is in the letter
which the Senator wrote, and not in the letter
which Commodore Smith wrote.
Mr. HALE. Then censure me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it of any
sort of consequence. I think it a trifling matter.
It is a careless expression of Commodore Smith
in a letter to his chief; and the Senate will see,
when they come to look at it—for I must neces-
sarily call for the reading of the papers—that it
does not mean any such thing. He puts it with
an " if," and it is giounded on what the Senator
from New Hampshire himself said in a letter to
the Secretary of the Navy, Commodore Smith
desired no sort of notoriety, no sort of publicity
to the thing itself, lie simply defended himself
as a public officer to his chief against the charges
made by the Senator fiom New Hampshire to the
chief with reference to that matter; and out of that
grows this tremendous etfori giving power to the
committee to send for persons and papers to in-
vestigate a charge of corruption against Congiess,
when theie is no such charge. It is found* d on
merely a careless expression, perhaps, in writing
a letter, not intended to convey such an imputa-
tion, but intending to reply to something the Sen-
ator had said.
The Senator said in his letter, which I have
■ read, that Congress know when they passed this
appropriation, and Commodoie Smith knew, that
it was intended to purchase the land of particular
persons, although they were not mentioned m the
appropriation. Commodoie Smith says substan-
tially, " if Congress meant any such thing, if the
appropriation was made for personal objects, they
should have said it, and then the law would have
been earned out;'' but he did not mean to chatge
corruption at all, and there is no such inference
piopcrly to be drawn from his letter; and to get
up a committee with power to send for persons
and papers is intended or calculated to produce
an efiect on the public mind that would be entirely
unfounded, in my judgment, with regard to the
whole transaction.
I do not mean to impugn in any way the course
taken by my friend fiom New Hampshire. lie
has felt strougly on this subjectof the Portsmouth
navy-yard, pm haps more strongly than I do; but
I thmk with reference to this matter that he has
misapprehended the course of the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Yards and Docks, misjudged it, miscon-
strued it, and forgot the real presumption which
ought to exist in all cases in regard to public of-
ficers, when making charges against them, that
theyacthone^tly, from honest motives, when they
say they do. 1 think the subject is not worth
i following; but if the Senator insists upon it, 1 have
i only to say that I shall go into the whole matter
' and have all the papers read to the Senate, in order
that they may understand the whole thing. IIow-
cvei, I would rather not take it up now, because
there are other matters of vastly more importance
that should be considered, and therefore I will
move to postnone it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the resolution until to-monow.
The motion was agreed to.
PROMPT PAYMENT OF THE AIvMY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ The Committee on Fi~
!' nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
1 (1-1. II. No. 133) to provide for the immediate pay-
mentof the Army and Navy of the United States,
i have instiucted me to repoit it back without an
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
; pass. 1 will simply call the attention of the Sen-
■i ate to the fu<-t thntwe passed a bill appropriating
'! $200,000,000 the other day, and giving all the
'j power, and more than the power contained m this
!! resolution, to the Secretary of the .Treasury witl^
i! regaid to issuing Treasury notes for the payment
'! of the Ai my and Navy. It was passed here, and,
i! if not understood, assented to generally. Asthrro
is a great deal of hurry about this matter, the
committee have forborne to make a"n amendm&ftt
in it, which they thought might as well .havebeeri
made, but which is perhaps not material, for,the
sake of having it passed immediately, and quieting
in some degree the nervousness that istelton this
subject of paying the Army. Under these cir-
cumstances, as it is very short and easily under-*
stood, I hope that the Senate will be willing to
take it up now and act upon it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider ,the
joint resolution (PI. R. No. 133) to provide fov
the immediate payment of the Army and Navy
of the United States. As it is deemed expedient
to make immediate provision for the payment of
the Army and Navy, the resolution authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury, if required by the ex-
igencies of the public service, to issue, on the credit
of the United States, the sum of $100,000,000 of
United States notes, in such form as he may deem
expedient, not bearing interest, payable to bearer
on demand, and of such denominations, not less
than one dollar, as he may prescribe, which notes
so issued shall be lawful money and a legal tend-
er like the similar notes heretofore authorized in
payment of all debts, public and private, within
the United States, except for duties on imports
and interest on the public debt; and the notes so
issued are to be part of the amount provided for
in any bill now pending for the issue of Treasury
notes, or that may be passed hereafter by this
Congress.
•The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
and read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Chandler,
Claik, Oollamet, Duvi*, Dixon, DoolitUe, Fossenden, Foot,
Fo-ter, Hale. Harding, Harlan, Harris, Hendeison, How-
aid, Howe, Knur, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, La-
tham. McUousziUtj Mom!!, Nesmith, Rice, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Ten F\ek, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey,
Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri,
and \Viight—-38.
NAYri—Messrs. Powell and Saulsbury—2.
So the joint lesolution was passed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr, FESSENDEN, the Senate,
as m Committc of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 617) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the following clause:
To enable the Commissioner of Patents to pay H. S. Oavi*
for earpentci's work in the west wins of the Patent O'"*®
building, as per measurement of J. W. Downing:, Job W.
Angus, and 25. T. G. AJorbcJl, $5,720 04.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For liquidation of agency debts contracted under late
Agents fJe.ul and Collcj, Colorado Terntoiy, and for th®
pay of employes to the clo^e of 1861, $7,500.
The nmendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
To pnv the elaim of B. Baehman & Company for goods
futni-hed to Petei Bojce, Indian faun agent at Corn Creek,
Utah Terutory, in the months of Augus-i, September, and
December, 1WI>, $"10.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
To -nippty deficiency in the appropriation, under the treaty
o{ Foit Laiamie, the amount expended in Uie puichasc of
guns and ammunition for the ITppei Platte agency in 1861,
and seized by older of the Government as contraband,
$3,4^9 13.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. Inm directed by the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate to olFer the following amendment to
come m ftt the close of the 5th page of the bill:
For miscellaneous items, $15,943 98.
For eleik- ot committ'je^,messengers,pages,horses,and
cauyaih, > 1 J,7S3 50.
!i Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should like
H a  explanation of that amendment. I do not
!, understand it.
1; Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to th$
