THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
because already much time has been occupied in
its consideration, but I wish to say that it is the
prominent arid leading ground of my objection to
this bill, and if that be treason, I am guilty.
Then there is another ground of objection. I
•ty'ish now to show gentlemen that so far as the
State of New York is concerned, there is no earthly
necessity for taking this business out of the hands
of the State government. I would like to have
anybody tell me if they think any but State of-
ficers could have done what Governor Morgan and
his assistants have done in sending those two hun-
dred and twenty-three thousand men into the field
since this war commenced. Do you believe any
provost marshal, or any army of provost mar-
shals, could have accomplished it? 1 think you
all believe they would have had much more dif-
culty, to say the least of it, in doing so.
But I was about to refer to the present execu-
tive of that State, the man after whom the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] names
all the Democrats whom he detests. He calls us
all Seymour Democrats. If to have been elected
on the same ticket with Governor Seymour; if
to have been associated with him in the same po-
litical party ever since wo were both old enough
to vote; if to have entertained the highestadinira-
tion for his character, learning, ability, and states-
man-like qualities, believing him to be an honest,
pure-minded man, and a noble, self-sacrificing pa-
triot,makes meaSeymour Democrat,set medown
as such.
But let us see what our Governor proposes to
do in regard to this business of drafting, as set
forth in that message which gentlemen upon the
other side call treasonable, but which I doubt if
they have ever read. I ask the Clerk to read two
or three extracts from that message, one upon the
first, one upon the last,and one upon the eleventh
page.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"To uphold tiie General Government, New York has
sent, ^incu tin; outbreak of this war, two hundicd and
twenty thousand soldiers into the field. To organize tins
vast army iny piedeccssor, and those acting under his di-
rection on Jn.< military staff, have used unwearied labor
and &ho\vu high capacity.,}
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Two hundred
and twenty thousand was a general statement in
round numbers. He afterwards, on page 11, gives
the exact figures* which show the number of sol-
diers sent from New York was really two hun-
dred and twenty-two thousand eight hundred and
twenty-five. Now read the extract from the last
Pa5e-
The Clerk read, as follows:
" We must accept the condition of affairs as they stand.
At this moment the fortune-* of our countiy are influenced
by the results ol battle^. Our armies in the field miht be
supported; all constitutional demands of our General Gov-
ernment must be pjomptly lesponded to."
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Now turn to
the eleventh page, and read what I have marked.
The Clerk read the following:
" I urge youi immediate attention to the inequality and
injustice o! the lawn under which u is proposed to dr.itt
soldiers for the service of the General Government. During
a long penod of peace but littie attention hag been paid to
our militaiy system. For the purposes of a conscription it
is entirely defective; it contain', none of the provisions
which in the European systems mitigate the evils of com-
pulsory military seiviee; it pays no just regard, on one
hand, to the eviU which it may inflict, while on the other
it makes numerous exemptions which are inconsistent with
fairness and with the spirit of oureonstitution. That con-
templates thut all of suitable ages alike shall perform mili-
taiy duty or pay some equivalent. This purpose is luliy
expressed by the first constitution of our State :
*' * [t is ot the utmost Importance to the safety of evety
.State that it should always be in a condition of detense ;
and it is the duty of every man who enjoys the piotectiou
of society to be prepared and willing to deiend it.'
•'The present constitution has a provision to the same
effect. Not only the oigrauie law of our Sr.ite, but justice
demands that every man who enjoys the protection of so-
ciety should be prepared to deioiid tt. ltucent legislation
on this subject 1ki> departed widely irom this puneiple ; no
conditions have been prescribed upon which those who
have scruples of conscience should be excused from hoai-
iriij amis. Exemptions have been multiplied until large
classes are not only iclievcd fiom militaiy duty, but also
fiout giving any equivalent for such relief. The\ include
numerous officials and other cla--es who have no claims
to exemption beyond tho-.e which belong to evoiy citizen
♦ ngaged in usetul pursuits.
••These lavoied clashes are usualh in a hettei condition
to give an equivalent than the mass of tho-.e upon whom
these liabilities now fall. There should be no such unju&t
distinctions ; all male citizens of suitable yeais should be
equally liable; lfthosc who aie unlit to perlonu dutyaie
di.twn, they .should p.iv such sum a-, shall be deemed just
by suitable tnbunaK il they'are unable to pay, the amount
i'au be remitted, or, like firemen, they might render an
equivalent in an equally honorable branch of the public ser-
vice. It' the lot fails on officials, tiiey can procure substi-
tutes or pay such commutations as maybe pi escribed by law.
" It is glaringly unjust to allow those enjoying the honors
and p ofits of official station to go free of ail liabilities,
while the only son of the widow, or the sole support of the
family, may be forced upon a distant and dangerous ser-
vice. I aiao commend to your attention such other provis-
ions as exist in European countries to mitigate the evils
which a fotced conscription involves,and which have been
suggested by experience in their long and frequent wars.
"'The military system adopted at the last session of the
Legislature cannot be perfected in time to meet the proba-
ble calls made b/ the General Government; an attempt to
make a draft upon the present eutoiiment has been found
to involve difficulties and danger of the most serious char-
acter. and as such draft has therefore been necessarily post-
poned, this subject demands your immediate attention."
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I desired these
extracts to be read in order to show gentlemen of
tins House that everything there is in this bill
that lias any merit in it hns already been recom-
mended to the State Legislature by the Governor
of the State of New York in his annual message,
for their action in regard to preparing for a draft,
which he says they must expect, and must be
ready for any call from the Genera! Government.
And I undertake to say that the Governor of the
State of New York, whether he is a traitor, ac-
cording to'the estimation of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stkvens,]
or not, has recommended to the Legislature of
that State to do that which, if done, will render
it abundantly capable of supplying any demand
by conscription which the General Government
may make upon her. And I apprehend that no
man believes Governor Seymour would hesitate
to execute laws the passage of which he advises
and urges upon the Legislature as a matter of
imminent necessity. And inasmuch as a majority
of both Houses of that Legislature are of the Re-
publican party, I apprehend, if they are so much
more patriotic than the Democrats, so much more
anxious to furnish soldiers for the field, there can-
not be much difficulty in getting them to adopt the
measures supposed by the Governor to be neces-
sary.
Then where-is the necessity of this bill as far
as New York is concerned? Before this bill
reaches the State of New York organization may
have commenced by virtue of a law thus recom-
mended; and if the Governor and his officers can-
not raise these men do you suppose that your pro-
vost marshals could do it? 1 tell you,gentlemen,
that the Governor of the State of New York, un-
der the authorities of the State, not because he is
a Democrat, but because lie is Governor of the
State, can raise ten men to your one, and with half
the trouble.
There is a jealousy growing out of the idea that
everything must be done by the General Govern-
ment. We of the Empire State have a little State
pride as well as other States have, and we like to
do things ourselves; and when we do things well
we do not like very much to be called traitors.
I do not undertake to say thatthere will beany
trouble by sending all these emissaries and spies
through the State of New York. I hope there
will not be. But I do not want them upon my
track, and I do not suppose anybody eUe wants
them upon his. We do not like the idea th*u we
are to be watched as though we were not w thy
of trust, and dogged by emissaries of the Govern-
ment. We have been in the habit of considering
ourselves a free people up there. We have boasted
of our liberty from our infancy, and we do not
like to have it trampled down by those who are
sworn to protect it.
i tell gentlemen upon the other side that if the
Government wants men from the State of New
York they had better leave the matter to the State
authorities, and then they will get them, i do not
say they will not get thpm with their provost mar-
shals; but I think if any system of unauthorized
tyranny should ever be attempted in that State  it
would be found a difficult matter to trample down
the State rights and the State constitution of New
York. What is the difference? The Governor of
the State of New York tells the people that the
President and the authorities at Washington will
call upon the State for a certain numbet of men,
say one hundred thousand, or more or less; the
consequoncc will be thatState pride will be aroused
and our men would be furnished; and they would
be furnished whether the number were a hundred
thousand or more. I do not say they would not
be forthcoming with your provost marshals. But
after a few men are informed upon by somebody
who wants to play the spy in the peaceful locality
where I come from, and where the very first regi-
ment from our State, out of the city of New York,
come from for this war, it would be a difficult
matter to enforce the draft, particularly if it was
attempted to be enforced in an insolent and over-
bearing manner, and the people became once thor-
oughly excited about it. 1 am denominated a trai-
tor by the sweeping denunciations which have
several times been heard in this House; and yet
afterCongressadjournedlastsession I wenthomc,
and before I paid any sort of attention to being
reelected—which I did not pay much attention to
at all, by the way—and upon the evening of the
day that I reached home I commenced addressing
war meetings, which I continued, laboring night
and day, until the regiment was full; and when
that splendid regiment left the depotat Washing-
ton I was with it, and I was a little proud of it. I
did not feel as though I had been in any traitorous
business, or guilty of any " treasonable practices."
Mr. COX, of Ohio. The people took care of
you.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Yes, the peo-
ple took care of me.
Mr. COX, of Ohio. What was your majority ?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. One thousand
eight hundred and forty-one, instead of one hun-
dred and fifty-one, which was my majority before.
I hope, if this bill is to be passed, the State of
New York may be allowed to furnish her own
men. I would not be afraid to make the same
offer that I did in regard to the tax, provided it
could be left to be collected by the State author-
ities, that I would offer myself as a hostage, and
consent to suffer death, if New York will not send
all the men her proportionate share requires for
the reasonable prosecution of this war within the
Constitution. It is true, gentlemen—and 1 do
not want to disguise the fact, and never have dis-
guised it—that the people of the State of New
York do not believe in an abolition war. They
do not like it to go that way. But they are bound
to go for their country anyhow; and if men will
run the machine in the wrong direction they must
take the responsibility. We mean to have it run
somewhere. [Laughter.] There is another thing:
the people of the State of Slew York, so far as I
know anything about them—and I have a right
to speak for some of them, at least—do not be-
lieve in any dissolution of this Union under any
cncunistances whatever; and they never intend
to consent to any division on any line or in any
place so long as there is a live man able to fight
in the whole State. [Applause in thw galleries ]
And if there is any truth at all in the suggestion
of the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [.Mr. Stevens,] that the people of my State
are not as ready to enlist as they were,it is owing
simply to the fact that they think the maclnnc hns
been run in the wrong direction, and tiny want
to get it on the other traek, where it started.
1 will not detain the House any longir in the
general discussion. I think I have made myself
understood in regaid to what I wanted to say about
this bill. I think it is unjust to the States. 1 think
it is one of a series of measures tending to cen-
tralize power unnecessarily, and I think it will
alarm and distress the people, i tell you our peo-
ple are jealous of their liberty. They are jealous
of any encroachment or anything that looks like
an encroachment upon their liberties. They re-
member that the Father of his Country told us in
his Farewell Address that the organization of par-
ties upon sectional issues was licely to produce
just such tioublesas have come upon us and warned
us of the insidious advances of power. They re-
member, also, that another great man told us thaf.
"eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," and
| they are watching ail the rime to see thatthere are
i no encroachments upon their lights; and if you
j send among them this horde of Federal officers
' who are to go there and put their hands on A, B,and
i C,and say,here, you must go,'5 and march them
! off out of the State for three years or until the end
! of the war—if they live so long—and then march
otheis of us off to the Government prisons because
i some poorfellow has been taken whom wc thought
j; ought not to go, I think there might possibly be
: a little trouble among those that are left.
! The Federal Constitution evidently contemplates
I that when an army is to be drawn from the States
j for temporary service, it shall be raised, officered,
