326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
rams' horns, and that he would have to blow a j
ram's horn to sec if ho could not in that way j
throw down some fortified place. Well, sir, if I ;
believed that was so, if I thought this institution '
was all that kept us from the commissary depart- I
ment of Moses and the rams' horns with which
cities were assaulted in ancient times, I might t
agree with him that it was a painful necessity to '
keepsuchathtngup; but i hardly think we should j
go back to them if there was no West Point. My |
opinion is, that if you refuse any appropriation |
to the West Point Academy, every State in tins
Union will have her military school. I see now
that the best institutions in this country, the most
liberal, those thatareopen to the whole public, are ■
already adopting, as a separate branch, instruction !
in military tactics, and many are bringing m mil- i
itary schools as auxiliary to other branches of
education. Young men are quite as well taught '
there as anywhere else, and they are not taught
to put on those exclusive airs of which the Senator
speaks, and which are so objectionable and so
detrimental to the service in your armies. Put
down this institution,and military science will not
perish with it, but it will flourish outside of this
monopoly much more vigorously than it will inside
of it. I am not for resorting to Moses or ranis'
horns for military science. I am for abolishing
this institution, that military science may grow
untrammeled, and be adopted by real meiit, and
not skulk behind a false education, putting on uns
that have no foundation in fact.
That, sir, is my objection to it. Abolish this
institution, and I will go bail for it that the mili-
tary science of the nation will not suffer a hair's
breadth; hut oilier institutions will springupevery
where, divested of this objection of monopoly, of
pride, of vanity, of superciliousness that over-
shadows your Army, nnd has led almost to the
destruction of the activity of your Army. That
is my judgment of it. We do not want anv Gov-
ernment interposition foi military education any
more than for any other education. We have ad-
vanced to a period when any gentleman, without
any particular institution, ean make humu'lf mas-
ter of any science that he shall see fit to adopt.
There is no necessity for such an institution. It
only holds out false certificates like every other
monopoly. Sir, there was a time when it was
thought that a man to practice any profession
must have studied so many years and got a cer-
tificate that he was qualified; but while this was
the rule, the mechanic- aits and the sciences did
not flourish as well as they do since all such rules
were abolished, and every man stands upon his
own foundation, stand*? upon his own merits, with
none of these artificial props.
I say, sir, it is anomalous. I did not get up to
argue it; I did not intend to say half of what I
have said on the subject. I know it will be main-
tained; but 1 know as well that as lony as 1 have
a seat here, and an appropriation is ofiered for it,"
believing it to be entitely wiong and a close mo-
nopoly standing in bar of common right, i will
stand up to oppose it, and, if need be, oppose it
alone.
Mr, FOSTER. Mr. President, if thi s discus-
sion shall tend to terminate or to moderate the
jealousies which it is said now exist in our Army
to the great detriment of the public service, it will
not certainly have been in vain. Unfoituiuitoly,
the pointing out of existing evils and exaggerating
them does liuie to remove them, and an endeavor
to create an excitement in reference to the condi-
tion of oui Army by magnifying evils which, if
they exist at all, do so in a very moderate degiee, '
cannot bo very beneficial. I confess, sir, I am un-
able to see any good whatever, the least, from pur- :
suing this discussion in the line in which it is now j
conducted. !
West Point is attacked on two giounds, if I '
understand it: one that there should be no public |
education for military men; the other that the tend- i
ency of a public education there is to make men i
traitors to their country. If I believed either of ■
these propositions, I cei tainly should go forabol- i
ishmg the institution, and, of course, should vote :
against this appropriation; but, sir, I believe nei- 1
ther. There is nothingin human history orin the
experience of the day which serves to show that !
either of them is true, but quite the contrary, f :
am not, however, going into the argument. j
it seems to me that instead of exciting and in- !
creasing jealousies among the officers in our ar- 1
mics, it is better that we exert our influence to sub-
due them, to remove them if wo can. Whatgood
can be accomplished by holding up the officers en
masse,who have graduated at West Point, as either
tiaitors openly or secretly? Shall we strengthen
our Army in the field by throwing a suspicion
upon the loyally of all the officers who wete grad-
uated at West Point ? If there be jealousies among
them at the present time, will it mitigate those
jealousies to pursue this line of assertion or argu-
ment? If there be jealousies between these officers
and the volunteers, shall we get rid of the evils
resulting from those jealousies by continuing to
indulge in this line of remark? Would it not be
far better, if we can, to do something to harmonize
the elements now discordant, if they are discord-
ant, than to increase and make more intense the
evils now existing? Would it not be better to
bring the officers from West Point and the offi-
ceis of the volunteer service into harmony if we
can, to say all that wc can, to do all that we can,
to make them united, cordial, amicable? Is it
wise to charge all the evils of these jealousies, if
they exist,on the WcstPointofficers? May there
not be something, if we were to try the case,
chargeable to the volunteers? Are there not some
men among the volunteers, having, when they
came into the service, i will not say the preju-
dices, but the opinions of the Senator from Ohio,
who show such a contempt for West Point officers
thatofficeis in the same service had bettei not show
toward each other? Is it perfectly certain that be-
cause men are not educated for the military ser-
vice, because they know nothing about it, because
they come in at the call of their country suddenly,
they therefore are better qualified to command
than those who have had a military education;
that ignorance may not sometimes be as super-
cilious as knowledge; that if we were to try the
question between volunteers and West Point offi-
cers, there, may not be something to be said on
both sides > '<&
In my view, Mr. President, it is better for us
not to go into this question; it is better for us to
increase the harmony and not the discoid of the
service. Suppose we could create such a feeling
m regard to the West Point officers that they
should all feel as though, having been attacked
here in the Senate, they were to some extent dis-
graced men, suspected of disloyalty, and that
under these circumstances they should feel called
upon as honorable men to resign their places in
the service; that every man who was a graduate
of the West Point institution, and who is now in
the service, should resign his commission and
retire from the field? I do not know but that the
Senator from Ohio would think that our Army
and our cause had gained strength by such an
occunence; but 1 must say, for one, that I think
it would be a great disaster to the public service,
a most melancholy day for the country, if that
event should happen. On the other hand,sup-
pose we should attack the volunteers, and say that
they, not having been educated to military ser-
vice, being bicd to civil pursuits, were unqualified
and unfit for command, and that they, m conse-
quence of the comparison between them and the
educated officers of the Army—I mean those who
have received an education at West Point—should
throw up their commissions and retire for the
same reasons, would the country be strengthened
by that." Would any one feel that we were
stronger because we had got rid of some officers
unfit to command ? It would not be my policy,
Mr. President, to bring about such a result; on
the couiidry, if there be any ill feeling between
these elates of officcis, I would do all in my
power to biing them together m haimony, and
say not one word winch should either create or
perpetuate any jealousy, any hostility. And it
seems to me that if the Senator from Ohio had not
given way to an opinion which I know is a favor-
ite one with him, his patriotism, known to us all
as of the sternest and truest, would never have
allowed him to make remarks which, as it ap-
peals to me, must do injury to the service, must
weaken the force of our armies m the field, must
be detrimental to the best interests of the coun-
try
Now, sir, that West Point has had pupils and
graduates who are disloyal, nobody doubts. The
remedy, however, winch the Senator would pro-
vide, it seems to me, would multiply the evil ex-
ceedingly. He says abolish this institution, and
then every State will have its own. If that were
to be so, and if a military education does not fit
men, as he says the education at West £ointdoes
not, to command armies in the field, but only to
make engineers, we should have, if all the States
were in the Union, thirty-four State institutions
to educate men for military service very unneces-
sarily, at least only for the purpose of making en-
gineers, furnishing no men fit to command at mics.
It would be better certainly that we should have
one institution than thirty-four. If the tendency
of an education be to make men supercilious, it
would be equally as great in the State institutions
as in the national institution. If there be jealousies
among the officers educated at WestPoint, would,
there not be jealousies between the officers edu-
cated at their own State institutions? Would not
these jealousies be greatly incieased by State
pride and State rivalries? Should we not have
constant jars and quarrels between men from dif-
ferent States on the ground of State jealousy and
rivalry? Would it not be a fruitful source of pri-
vate quarrels that would be most disastrous to the
public service ? If WestPoint furnishes any illus-
tration of this, would not the remedy proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio be at least thirty-four
times woi se ?
Further, if an education at the public expense
makes men hostile and traitois to the flag of their
country, the objection is equally strong to a State
as to a national institution. I do not see why men
educated in a State military institution in Connec-
ticut, or in Ohio, would not be as likely to be trai-
tors to the flag of the country as men educated at
a national institution.
I am persuaded that the fact is not as the Semt-
torfiom Ohio thinks. Why, sir, some of the lead-
ing spirits in this rebellion were educated in my
own State, at Yale College, in JNew Haven. The
honorable Senator does not believe that Yale Col-
lege is a nursery of treason. He may not think it
i& a desiiable college; I know nothing about his
opinion as to that; but he does not believe it is a
nui aery of treason. Some of the leading spiiits in
this rebellion weie educated at Williams College,
in the hills of western Massachusetts; others at
Harvard College, near Boston; others at othercol-
leges m New England, none of whom the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio, nor any other Senator,
would think were places wheie traitors were ed-
ucated. The charge would not be made by any
one. But if the fact that from these institutions
traitors have come is any argument that the tend-
ency, the influence of the institution was to pro-
duce traitois, I see not why the argument is not
just as conclusive in regard to these institutions
as in regard to West Point. One of the Senators
on this floor, a leading member of this rebellion,
having a seat in the rebel cabinet, and a prominent
man in it, was, as I have suggested, educated at
Yale College, in New Haven. Another, now
representing the confederate States abroad, unless
he has recently returned, was educated with my
honorable colleague, at Williams College, in the
lulls of western Massachusetts; and that venera-
ble institution of learning, "Williams College, no
more than Yale College, at New Haven, has ever
been a nursery of traitors; but the remark may
be made in regard to those institutions with equal
justice as in legard to West Point, having the same
evidence to support it and the same foundation on
which to rest.
1 did not intend, Mr. President, to say a word
on this subject; perhaps it would have been bet-
ter if I had not spoken; and I sit down express-
ing the hope that our discussions here may not
aggiavate but uiodeiate any existing evils.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am not going
to reply at length, I could not if I would, to the
Senator from Connecticut; because I see that he
has entirely misappiehendcd all that I said on the
subject, and his aigument has been entirely aside
from what I said. I have not said that military
science was not desirable, or that it made men
supercilious, or that it created invidious distinc-
tions between one man and another. I have not
said that the tendency of institutions, colleges,
academies,&c., was of that character. The Sen-
ator has argued just as though t had attempted to
establish such a position. That was no part of
what I intended to inculcate*. He speaks of the
colleges of New England, where he says southern
gentlemen and others are educated, and he wants
to know of me if they are schools of treason j and
