1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he says they fire exactly on the same foundation
and footing with the Military Academy at West
Point. The Senator is utterly and totally mis-
taken as to the different principles on which these
different institutions move. Yale College is not
upheld by the Government of the United States
exclusively to educate a certain set of men who,
when they receive that education and graduate,
obtain certain special privileges over and above
other men, to abide with them during their lives.
There is no such thing about it.
Mr. FOSTER The honorable Senator will
allow me to correct him.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator mis-
understands me. I did not assert that the colleges
of New England, or any colleges, wcie on the
same foundation with the institution at West
Point, only in this: that, us I understood his ar-
gument, it was that certain of the pupils of West
Point, after having graduated and taken commis-
sions in the Army of the United States, had joined
the ranks of the rebellion, and were now In ser-
vice against the flag which they were sworn to
protect, and from that fact he argued that the in-
stitution at West Point had a tendency to make
traitors. All that I meant to say by comparing
that institution with the colleges, way that if the
argument were a good one, the fact was that stu-
dents came from other institutions, from the col-
leges of New England and elsewhere, who also
were traitors, and it was equally as just to say
that those colleges educated traitors as that West
Point did. Of course, I did not asseit that those
colleges were on the same foundation, as being
public institutions maintained by the Govern-
ment, a" the .Military Academy af West Point.
Mr. WADE. I have notasseited that the in-
stitution made traitors. I have said and 1 say still
that, from the time of the S.t\iour to the prrsent
day, the Senator can find no instance of ait tn^ti-
tution founded among men, whether favored by
Government or otherwise, where, of those that re-
ceived an education, the same percentage of grad-
uates proved themselves perjured traitors. I stated
thatfuct, and I did say that when the fruits ofsueh
an institution weru of this character, it seemed to
furnish some evidence that something was wi ong
about it. 1 do not know exactly why it is so, but
] think 1 understand its tendency.
The Senator from Oregon says that I charged
that the institution at West Point had made (he
rebellion. I did say that I believed it was hatched
in that institution, and that if there had not been
.such an institution there miglu have been no re-
bellion. Because I said this, ho thinks that] have
asserted that slavery was not the cause of the re-
bellion. Why, sir, 1 tiace the evil tendencies of
this institution to slaver)'. It was the wry nui-
sery in wineh those accursed piincipies were
taught, promulgated, fastened upon < very young
mind that was taken there; and by then minds
being contaminated, they weie led into this rebel-
lious course. Slavery was the occasion and West
Point the cause, in some measure.
Mr. President, I have not, as the Senator sup-
poses, argued even for State institutions, winch, [
think, would be free from a great deal of the < \ i!
attendant upon this; but I have stated that, in
my judgment, if you voti down the appropri-
ations for this school, institutions for military
Science will spring up in all the States, and mil-
itary science w.ll be tauirht as all the other useful
sciences and arts are taught in our high schools
and public schools. Now, this overshadowing
institution buries alive every gradual who em-
anates from any other. Men know ti^at if they
get an education in any other institution than this,
and go into the Army, they must lake then- seat
dow n below these favored monopolists. That is
one objection which I have to it. 1 say abolish
it,and schools will spring up all over the Union
where military science will he infinitely bettei
taught than it is taught here, svheie it will be
taught without this pride, this superciliousness,
this spirit of superiority that the Senator from
Massachusetts says is the bane and curse of this
institution. You will escape all that, and men
who have genius will seek an education, not be-
cause they «;et it for nothing, but bccause they
have genius fortius pursuit, and ambition to rise
in it, and you will be infinitely more likely to get
good men. men of talent, men who love the pro-
fession of arms, than now, when you tempt the
most ordinary men to go into this institution with
no other ambition than that of getting an educa-
tion out of the Government for nothing. Sir, no
man receives an education for nothing that makes
much of a man. You may look at Andover; you
may look at all of your charity schools, and see
what you make out of charity scholars anywhere.
Sir, they are always at the small end of all pro-
fessions that they betake themselves to; I do not
care whether tlicy come from a military school
or a theological school. Let the man come out on
his own account, rely upon himself and his own
powers to obtain an education, if you want him
to flourish. I do not want a man to go into an
institution because the hand of charity is held out
to him, tempting him there, whether he has talent
or not. It is not the way to make great men. If
a man lias ambition to serve his country in the
field, and has a genius that way, my word for it
he will find his way to the science without West
Point, and you will find infinitely more of such
men, if you will take away the blighting shadow
to West Point that must follow them to their
graves, than you have found while this institution
has flourished.
I have said nothing about the graduates of West
Point who have been in your armies and proved
themselves heiocs and patriots. I esteem them
as highly as you or any other man, and I have
said nothing to their disparagement; and it will
not do to endeavor to drag mc in as censuring
your good officers of the Army because I do not
like the institution at which they were educated.
I know well that many of the best officers you
have in the Army—men of magnanimity, men of
free thought, men who are heroes and patriots
indeed—feel that they do not want to lean on this
lame and fragile crutch for their reputations. Men
soai entirely above it, whose minds are so ca-
pacious that they Siave soaied entirely above the
bad influences of this institution, have told me
that they believed the country would flourish in-
finitely better without it than with it. It is only
youi small men, that want to rely on their certifi-
cate from West Point, that are sticklers for the
benefits of the institution. Your great men, thai
stand independent, want no such artificial props;
and all of them agree with me. Abolish the in-
stitution: it stands in the way of merit; it stands
in the way of the raisins of merit ftom the ranks
of your Army,ami is of blighting influence. Here
are eight bundled thousand men. is it not mar-
vellous to suppose that ihere is not infinitely more
talent among that great number than you can find
among two or (hive thousand men? It is prepos-
teious to .suppose that military merit is confined
to the graduates of West Point. Tin- institution
was established at a time when there was but little
oppoitunify for men to acquire military science,
or any other science, in this country. Hut things
have entirely changed; and now it is not only
useless to teach military science, but worse than
useless.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, we have in the service of the United Stores
thirty-four thousand officers. Of that numhei,
there cannot be ci:;ht hundied who weie educated
at WellPoint. The number of p< rsons in the
military service holding commissions who grad-
uated at West Point, is a i^ry small percentage
of the whole number of officers m the Army. I
know that the country has been disappointed with
the conduct of many of the officers who were ed-
ucated at West Point; hut the country has also
been dissatisfied in regard to officers holding high
rank in the At my who weie not educated at West
Point. The office is of the Anny have not met
the hi h wiought expectations of the country.
Ferhaps they have disappointed the just expecta-
tions of the people. Perhaps they have not come
up to what we had all of us a right to expect.
Still I have no doubt that Congress and the coun-
try expected of the officers of the Army more than ■<
they could reasonably perform. :
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask ;
a question of the chaitman of the Military Com-
mittee, if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mi. LA NE, of Kansas. The Senator says that
we have six hundred or eight hundred graduates
of West Point in our Army as officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When the
war opened we had eight hundred and twenty.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. And those men were
educated at the expense of meltons <?f the peoples
money.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes-,*sjr.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Can the Senator <tt
this day point to a ray of genius exhibited by any
one of those officers?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When iBe
war opened we had in the Army eight hundred
and twenty officers who had been educated at West
Point. About two hundred of those officers left
the Army out of sympathy with treason, thus
taking oft about one fourth of the officers who had
been educated at West Point. There w^re many
persons who had been educated at West Point
who were then engaged in civil life who have since
joined the Army; but they certainly cannot have
more than made up the number that left the Army,
and therefore there cannot be in the service more
than about eight hundred officers who were edu-
cated at West Point out of the whole thirty-four
thousand. The Senator from Kansas asks me if
I can point to any one of those officers who has
exhibited a ray of genius. Sir, since this war
opened I think many officers who were educated
at West Point have shown maiked ability; abil-
ity worthy of the unstinted commendation of tho
country.
Since the war commenced we have lost twenty-
six general officers. Seventeen of them were killed
in battle, and of that number nine were educated
at West Point. In the list of generals who have
been killed in battle who were educated at.Wcst
Point, is the immortal name of Lyon. Did he not
show capacity ? Did he not show a ray of genius?
Did he not go to his grave mourned by the Amer-
ican people? Sir, there was Mansfield, who fell
at Antietam. He was in the Mexican war,con-
nected with General Taylor as his engineer-in-
chipf, and he distinguished himself as an engineer
officer. He fell bravely at Antietam, and the na-
tion will remember him as an officer of unques-
tioned capacity. Did not the heroic and accom-
plished Major General Smith show a ray of ge-
nius when he stormed the defenses of Donaldson?
There was Mitchell, the astronomer, a man of
genius and learning. He showed great capacity in
the West, but he was brought away from fflte field
of labor and victory, and sent down to the sickly
coast of the Carolinas, where, if his life had been
spared, he would have rendered great scrvicc to
.the country. Sir, there was young Bayard, who
was killed at Fredericksburg. He was recognized
by the whole country as a brilliant, dashing, and
gallant cavalry officer. There was Reno, who fell
at South Mountain, one of the foremost,men in the
field of this war, a soldier who won the commend-
ation of all associated with him in the field for
great military capacity. Tcrrill, of Virginia, who
fell in the West, was an accomplished and gallant
officer. Sir, there was Stevens. We knew him
in these Chambers. He went into the service.
He fell bravely fighting the battles of his country;
and however any of us may have differed from
him, as we did differ from him politically, all
must admit that he was a man of great ability. I
con.sidmcd him one of the very ablest officers com-
missioned by this Government since the war be-
gan. General Richardson, who fell at Antietam,
was an officer acknowledged by all to be a man
of maiked ability. The other day Sill fell at the
battle of Murfrecsboro'. He, too, was educated
at West Point. He was a soldier of ability and
a man of character.
There have been wounded since this war opened,
from thirty to forty general officers. Many of
them were West Pointers, and many of them had
distinguished themselves in the field as officers
of capacity. Hooker is a West Pointer, and has
he not shown genius during this war? Has he
not shown a capacity to manage men in the field
unsurpassed? Rosecrans, a name that fills tho
mind of the country, and the hcartof the country,
did he not show a ray of genius when he wrung
victory from defeat at Murfreesboro' the other
day ?
Sir, I could srand here, and name officers edu-
cated at West Point—but I have not the time to
do it—who, from general officers down to lieuten-
ants commanding batteries in the field, have dis-
tinguished themselves for good conduct, for deeds
of heroic daring. The officers from West Point,
as a class, have not failed in their duties. It is true,
sir, that this war has not shown any Napoleon,
nor any marked military genius. It has, how-
