830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
try at the time justifying it, the leading command-
ers of our armies were all taken from West
Point, and they are so to-day. The education
obtained there is doubtless useful; but to speak
of a person educated at West Point as, in conse-
quence of that education, having a capacity to lead
half a million men is an absurdity. He knows
how to shoulder arms; he understands dulling a
company. We have often heard statements made
here in regard to men who are acting as generals,
that they have had no military experience, and
therefore they are unfit to command. What ex-
periencehave your West Pointers, who have been
the commanders-in-chief of more than half a mil-
lion mety, had ? They were lieutenants or cap-
tains before this war broke out. They had mus-
tered sixty-four men at some time or other, and
therefore they were capable of planning cam-
paigns and carrying on a war which was to be
conducted by half a million men! Because they
understood engineering, because, as the Senator
from Iowa says, they understood the erection of
fortifications, they were, theiefore, supposed to
be Napoleons, and capable of leading immense
armies. There is the mistake.
Mr. GRIMES. Doe^the Senator say T said so ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from Iowa to say that you must have West Point
because you must have men instructed how to
make fortifications.
Mr. GRIMES. That is true; but I did not
say, as 1 understand the Senator to say I stated,
that therefore they were capable of leading large
armies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; 1 did not under-
stand the Senator from Iowa to say that they were
capable, but I say those are the men we have se-
lected to lead our armies, and there is the mistake
which has been made. We have selected engi-
neers to command our armies. In carrying on a
war which, upon our part after the war was com-
menced by these rebels, was an aggressive war, wc
have been pursuing a defensive policy. Why,
sir, in my judgment, the fact that a man is a good
engineer and knows how to construe! formica-
tions, so far from qualifying him to lead an at my
of a hundred thousand men in the field, the very
fact that his mind has been turned in that direc-
tion, disqualifies him for the position of a leader
of your armies in the field.
Mr. FESSEiNDEN. I should like to ask my
friend if it disqualifies General Rosecians?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is a disqualifi-
cation calculated to impair his ability to command
in the field.
Mr. GRIMES. Guneral Foster also is an en-
gineer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did 1 not sny at the com-
mencement of my remaiks that! did not condemn
every man who was at West Point, and did not,
praise every man ? Because there is one man who,
in spite of being an engineei, is a gieat com-
mander, does it therefoie follow that all aie great
commanders ? Because Judas ls< aiiot was a devil,
were the disciples of the Saviour all devils?
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow mo to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to ask the Senator
what great commander has come from the war
who knew nothing about West Point, and has
never been there.
Mr. TRUA1BULL. I will tell you why he has
not come before I sit down.
Mr. FOSTER. I asked w ho had; not why not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You ask who has come.
How could lie come without an opportunity'
How could a man be a good commander who
never had nn opportunity to command ?
Now, sir, I will say why 1 think the engineers
are not Jikeiy to make the best commanders m the
field . It is well understood that the persons who
graduate at your military school with the highest
honors are those who are most proficient in engi-
neering. The young men who aie sent to West
Point, ambitious of distinction as they are, all
stiive to excel m that particular department. They
study the science of engineering, the science of
crectmg fortifications, and all know how to con-
struct approaches to fortifications that they may ■
destroy them. The thoughts of their minds for
years have been to the study of ascertaining how
they can erect a fortification which shall be im-
pugnable; and i say that this turns their minds i
in a channel not the best adapted to lead armies in
the field. What do we want in a general at the
head of a hundred thousand men in the field in a
war like this, where wc arc acting upon the ag-
gressive, where our object is to put down a rebel-
lion which can never be crushed except you move
upon the rebels ? What is your knowledge of for-
tifications worth? To what do you owe the loss
of thousands and tens of thousands of men who
have sickened and died in the swamps upon the
borders of rebeldom while they were engaged in
constructing fortifications, except it be to the pas-
sion which these engineers had for constructing
fortifications?
Sir, what we want is generals to command our
armies who will rely upon the strength of our
armies. We have four timesas many men on the
side of the Union as there are rebels. We have
had in the field more men than mortal man could
marshal in battle array; and what we want is, that
these men who have gone into this war for the pur-
pose of crushing this rebellion shall be led against
the rebels. Let them, with their eyes fixed upon
the tebels, advancc upon them with the power of
a hundied thousand bayonets, and you will put
the enemy to flight and to rout, and ciush and de-
stroy this rebellion. You never can destroy it by
building fortifications and planting cannon in them
and seeing how far you can throw a ball, and if
you can kill some man further than you can see
him. That is what I mean by saying thata man,
by devoting his life and his thoughts to the con-
struction offortificat ions and the building of works
is by no means qualifying himself to lead armies
in the field. I do not say that he is not a useful
man. He is useful in his place. It is desirable
to have such men m our armies; but I cannot
agree that they are the men who should be se-
lected to command our armies.
The Senatoi fiom Iowa says that when wc get
these State institutions spoken of by the Senator
from Ohio, he would dispense with West Point.
Sir, you can never have the State institutions
while you have West Point. Why? Because
your Army is a close corporation. It is shut
against tin* graduates of military schools in the
Stat(S. No pcison can enter the regular Army
except he noes through West Point.
M i. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yea, he can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He can ! Let me ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
if, to-day, there is any way of approach into the
regular Army except through West Point?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Idonotun-
dersfand why there is not. Since this rebellion
broke out, we have put into the Army certainly
over a thousand officers who were not graduates
of West Point, and all the appomtments7)f second
lieutenants, that will come to us in a few days,
have been made from soldiers who have gone into
the lanks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know that when wc add-
ed some ten ugiments to the regular Army, the
oilieeis for those regiments weie taken in part
from civil life; but it was not so before the war
broke out. 1 understand that that practice is now
abandoned and that the only way now for entering
the regular Army is regularly throughWest Point,
or a soldier in the regular Army may be promoted
to be a corporal, a sergeant, and may obtain some
subordinate office like a lieutenancy; but canany
soldier in the ranks of the regular Army be ap-
pointed a colonel? It would shock all West
Point.
Sir, this is the reason why you cannot have
your military schools in the States. I admit that
; scientific knowledge in regard to ordnance, en-
gineering, and gunnery, is desirable; but I think
this would all be obtained at other institutions, if
the avenues to position m the Army were open to
the graduates of other institutions; but while,
however well qualified a man may be in any of
these depai ttnents, he cannot enter the Army to 1
exeicise his piok\>siou there, theic will be no in-
ducement for him to qualify himself.
Again, sir, if this education were necessary in
ordinary times to be acquired at West Point, it ;
is not necessary now. We have in the field, as
I understand, some six or seven hundred thou- •
sand men. We have, as wc are told to-day by [
the Senator from Massachusetts, thirty-four thou- :
sand officers. These officers and men, to a very \
great extent, are educated men, men of intelli- ;
gence, many of them men of science; and I think I
they are as capable of learning the art of war, in
the midst of war, on battle-fields, in the handling
of guns, and in the firing of cannon, as at the
school at West Point in peaceful times. Wift it
be said that a volunteer colonel; a gentleman of
intelligences gentleman of education ;a gentleman
skilled in mathematics and in the sciences—and
we have hundreds of such now in the Army—who
has been in actual service nearly two years; has
been upon the battle-field time and again; has led
his troops into action; has seen the effects of mus-
ketry, the effects of bayonet charges, the effects
of cannon; will you tell me that such a person is
not as well qualified for command as the student
of West Point, who never heard a cannon fired
that was loaded with anything but powder; never
saw a company even parading, except on some
parade day; never had sight of an enemy, or saw
the smoke of battle? Why, sir, if we want edu-
cated men, we are getting them now every day;
and so far from this being the worst time, I think
it is the best time of all others when wc should
dispense with this institution.
Now, sir, a word in reply to the question asked
by the Senator from Connecticut, to know what
volunteer officcr had greatly distinguished himself
in this war. Why, sir, if I were to admit that
there were none, it would not militate at all against
the argument I am making, although theieare
thousands that have distinguished themselves.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will pardon me.
I did not ask as to who had distinguished them-
selves—for I grant their name is legion—but who
is the one who has shown himself able to lead a
hundred thousand men as a leader, when he com-
plains of West Point fur not furnishing such a
one ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one volunteer officer
ever had a bundled thousand men under his com-
mand ; and yet the Senator from Connecticut asks
the question, what one has shown himself able to
lead a hundred thousand men ? No opportunity
was ever offered a volunteer officer, or, I might
say, a man not educated at West Point, to lead a
hundred thousand men. That is a conclusive an-
swer to the question, i shall not make attacks
upon particular individuals; I will not say that
the regular Army, as a body, is disloyal; but I
mean to say this much, that this gieat Army of
ouis, which we have had in the field for the last
year and a half, has been substantially controlled
in all its departments by the ofiicus of the regular
Army; and no volunteer officer has had a chance
to do anything. No man not educated at West
Point has e\ er had a hundred thousand men under
his command, or anything like it; and if he did
have, the machinery necessary to move that great
army has all been m the hands of your West
Point officers. If theie is a jealousy, as has been
stated heie to-day, between the West Point of-
ficers and those not educated there, it is but nat-
ural that they should not contribute so heartily to
suppoit and sustain an officer not educated at
West Point as they would one of their own fel-
lows. And how could a general, ever so able, lead
successfully an army of one hundred thousand
men unless he was supported by subordinates in
the commissary department, in the quartermas-
ter's department, in the engineer's depaitment,
and in every department connected with the man-
agement of the Army ? Ho must have the earnest
cooperation of all. No officer, outside of one ed-
ucated at West Point, has had any such oppor-
tunity or any such cooperation from subordinates.
Sir, if this rebellion is ever to be crushed—as I
trust it may be, and as I believe it will be; for we
have the power to do it—I tell you you must let
loose the citizen soldiery of thi^country upon the
rebels. The regular Army will never do it. Take
off your engineering restiaints; dismiss, if you
please, from the Army every man who knows how
to build a fortification, and let the men of the
North, with their strong arms and indomitable
spirit, move down upon the rebels, and I tell you
they will grind them to powder in their power.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I hope, sir, that we may
have a vote. I do not feel disposed to go into this
matter myself. It is a mere question of making
the ordinary appropriation, and I think debate on
the subject has gone about as far as it should go.
Still, if gentlemen wish to debate it further, of
course I cannot prevent it. I have one word to
say, however, and it is this; I agree that a great
many things have gone wrong, and I regret that
