1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the confederate States, with reference to a cessation of
hot-tiiitie.-S based on the following propositions; recognition
of the independence of the confederate States."
What does that mean? Ft was not offered by
a Democrat. No copperhead offered it. What
does it mean ? Gentlemen upon this side of the
Chamber denounced that resolution. No man
upon that side has yet risen to denounce it.
Mi. BLAKE. 1 want to say to the gentleman,
that e\ery gentleman upon this side of the House
denounced it by his vote.
Mr. COX. I know they voted against it. I
wish they would confine their denunciations of
the Democracy to their silent votes.
Mr. BLAKE. That we are doing.
Mr. COX. I do not mean to include my col-
league among those who have so offensively de-
nounced Democrats. But all who have spoken
have denounced us, although they know that we
have again and again asserted that we are for the
Union at all hazards, and by every means which
will in our judgment secure its integrity. We
were for this Union by war when war seemed a
necessity. Wo are for this Union by peace when-
ever peace is honorable and possible. We are
opposed to any war, like that for the abolition of
slavery, that will make disunion eternal. We aie
opposed to any peace that will mutilate the Re-
public. That is the <( copperhead" policy, and 1
ask my friend from Maine to pray over it to-night
and seeifhe cannotthmk better of us. [Laughter.]
Mark the Democratic policy: no peace with the
ideaof dismemberment; no war that is fatal to the
Union; everything for the Union under the Con-
stitution; we will never break that instrument to
bring back the Union, for when the Constitution
is broken, there is no Union, but a unity of tei-
ritory, a despotism of power. My honoiable
friend fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] told
you at the last session that you could not hold the
sword in one hand to defend the Constitution
while in the other you held a hammer to break it
to pieces.
Mr. Speaker, f desire now to discuss some of
the features of the bill before us. I will be very
brief, for they have been thoroughly dissected by
members upon this side of the House. I want to
refer to only one or two propositions m that con-
nection. I proposed two days since to amend tiie
bill by inserting the word "white" in the first
section. At that time the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] advised us that no amendments
would be permitted atalj, and no discussion either.
One good thing we have gained by this discussion
at least, and th<it is that if this bill is to pass at all,
it will pass in a less obnoxious shape. The leader
of this iiouse, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] in the speech he made a while
ago, proposed radical amendments.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will suspend his ivmaiks while the Cletk reads a
ctause from the Manual.
The Cleik read as follows:
{<No portion m speaking to mention a member then
present by hi*> name, but to describe lam by his beat in the
IloiHe, or who f-pokc luvt, or on the other suieot the ques-
tion."
Mr. VALLANDIGUAM. It is always m
order to name a member after having described
him.
Mr. COX. No, I do not think it is perfectly
in order, i differ with my colleague. It has be-
come a bad habit here, and I have only followed
the precedent Ret me by distinguished members.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
Wili proceed in order.
Mr. COX, I am very glad the Speaker made
that point on me, for 1 shall take it more good-
naturedly than some others might have done.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
That is the leason why the point was made on the
gentleman.
Mr. COX. I moan, then, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who is chairman of the Committee
of Waysand Means—thegentleman who has such
chronic dislike to Democrats that he always lec-
tures them at the end of his speeches; [laughter;]
the gentleman who said he was sick of hearing
this tail? about the Constitution; who did not want
the old Union restoied. The Speaker wili now
recognize whom I mean. [Laughter.] If I am
not explicit enough, I will describe him as the
gentleman who stated a great many apocryphal
things, and among them that all the Democrats
stayed at home to vote, while the Republicans are
the belligerent part of the people; the gentleman
who undertook in his speech to-night to destroy
the well-earned fame of a general born in his own
State—General McClellan—an undertaking that
all Pennsylvania, with all her iron, arid all her
tariffs, and all her Camerons,and all her robberies,
can never accomplish. [Laughter.] Perhaps 1
am not yet explicit enough. The Chair will know
who I mean when I refer to a speech made by a
distinguished member from Massachusetts, now
in the chair, about composing political difficulties
by the gentle amenities of horse contracts.
Now, this gentleman whom I have just de-
scribed offered to amend this bill in several im-
portant particulars, and, among the rest, he pro-
posed to strike out the words"authorizing provost
marshals summarily to arrest for treasonable prac-
tices." Humph! We have come to that! You
are getting along pretty well for dead men.
[Laughter.] Go on a day or two longer with this
discussion, and you will drop the bill altogether,
for when you shall have blotted that out of the
bill, you will take the meanest sting out of it. If
there be one thing that the people I represent fear
and despiso most, it is that these miserable in-
quisitors, created by this hill, these sneakingspies,
tnese pliant seivitors of power, called provost
marshals, spooned off the scum of the abolition
party of the North, should have power to pry in
and around the homes of quiet and loyal citizens
to play the informer upon Democrats and con-
servatives, drag them to the bastiles of the Ad-
ministration, not because they are disloyal, but
because they happen to differ in opinion with their
fellow-citizens about this war, its conduct, and
this Administration and its conduct. [ congrat-
ulate you that you have saved many provost mar-
shals from the rope. The chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee, when we started this debate,
said he would not allow any amendments, notcven
to effect this object. But you are not entitled to
any credit for making this amendment. You have
been forced by (he cogent eloquence of the debate
upon (his side of the Chamber to withdraw your
"treasonable practices" from the bill. So much
for debate. We have made a little by it at least;
and now 1 hope thatsome one upon the other side,
like the gentleman from Pennsylvania, will pro-
giess a little further, and agree first to insert the
word "white" in the fust section of the hill, so
that instead of reading "ail able-bodied male cit-
izens of the United States," it shall read "all able-
bodied white male citizens of the United States."
11 is only a verbal amendment. [Laughter.] Sup-
pose you consider it over night. We may all get
together, after a little debate, and agree to kill the
bill entiiely.
There is another objection to this bill, which
has been urged here, and which was most elo-
quently urged by my colleague, [Mr. White.]
It is this: this bill breaks down not only the rights
of the States, but the executive, legislative, and
judicial departments of the States, it infringes
the letterand spnit of the Constitution. It seeks
to take from the States certain rights over their
own militia—a right never to be yi< Ided by a
free people without dishonor and danger. Plow
is that objection met by gentlemen on that side ?
Not as it was met m the other branch of Congress,
for there it was not pic-tended that this bill was
not intended to call out the militia. Here, it is a
bill for enrolling and callingout the nationalforccs
and for other pui poses, as if you could, by a dash
of the pen, change the nature and purpose of this
measure. When this bill was first reported m the
Senate, all admitted that it was a bill to call out
the niilma; and its language, but not its scope or
effect, is changed only for the purpose of avoid-
ing the attacks that would be made upon it on ac-
count of its breaking down the rights of the States
over the mi!itin - JNow, there is an Army of the
United States, just as well known as the militia j
of the States The former is subject to the com- i
mandof theChiefMagistrate, and completely con- I
trolled by the rules and regulations made here; the
latter is not subject to the Federal Government,
until called into the service of the United States,
in pursuance of the Federal Constitution and laws.
But gentlemen say that this is a bill for creating
or increasing the regular Army, and that there is l
no limit to our power over that subject. Well, |
if this be true,and this bill is executed, there will j
be no militia left in the States after this regular ]
Army is constituted. You sweep out of being the I
whole militia of the States into the Federal con-
trol. You leave the States unprotected, so far as
the militia protects them. This bill is, to all in-
tents and purposes, a bill to cail forth the militia
of the States; but it docs not make the call accord-
ing to the Constitution and the law. The militia
is to be called out, under this bill, directly by tire
President or his subordinate Federal agents act-
ing upoir the individual citizens. It never was
the custom of the Government so to call thetft.
They should be called through the intervention
of the States, and in that way alone. I need not
refer gentlemen to the articles of the Constitu-
tion on this subject. They are familiar. 1 will
read, however, the second section of the second
article:
"The President shall be Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of
the several States when called into the actual service of
the United States."
Not while they are being enrolled, but when
called into the actual service of the United States,"
is the President the commander of the militia of
the States. In my judgment, then, the Federal
Government has no authority over the militia until
it is called into the service of the United States.
By another section, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States authorizes Congress—
u To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sions.
u To provide for oiganizing, arming, and disciplining the
miliua, and tor governing such part of them as may be em-
ployed in the scivice of the United States."
You may provide for their organization. Yoa
may provide for their enrollment, which is a part
of the organization; you may provide for arming
them; you may provide the mode and manner in
which they shall be disciplined*, but you cannot
do that by your Federal Executive. That is to
be done by the States themselves. They are au-
thorized to do it; and the Federal Government
is excluded from that office. That is the opinion
of the best commentator on the Constitution,
Judge Story. 1 refer to vol. 3, section 1208:
" The question, when the authority of Congress over rh«
militia becomes exchiMve, tmii-t essentially depend upon
the fact when they are to be deemed in the actual service
of the United States*. There i* a clear distinction between
calling fori 11 the militia and their being in actual service.
They aie not cotemporaneou  acts, nor neccssariiy iden-
tical m then eoustitutioflal bearings. The President Is not
CommmidcMn Chief of the militia except when in actual
service; and not when they are merely ordeied into service.
The> aie subjected to martial law only when in actual ser-
vice, and not merely when called forth, before they have
obeyed the call."'
One of the sections of this bill proposes to sub-
ject the men who may be drafted to martial law,
to deprive them of the legal right of being tried
for criminal offenses by a jury of their peers, be-
fore they arc mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted Slates. Such a power is not conferred by the
Constitution. It will be resisted as a usurpation.
In this connection I refer to Elliott's Debates,
(pagos287,288,and294,) toshowthatJudgeStory
is justified m his construction, by the language of
those who were cotcmporaneous with the forma-
tion of the Constitution. It is unnecessary for
me, Mr. Speaker, to comment on that commen-
tator. Judge Story lays down the constitutional
interpretation explicitly. If you intend to take
these men as the militia of the country—and you
mean nothing else—you cannot do it except by
the intervention of the States themselves. There
is another clause of the Constitution (article two of
the amendments) which reserves to the States, for
a vital purpose, the control of their own militia: '
il A well regulated militia being necessary to the security
of a free State, the rightof the people to keep and bear arras
shall not bo infringed."
Let this Federal Government beware how it
seeks a conflict about the clearly reserved rights
of the States. The practice of arbitrary arrests,
the past year and a half, is not calculated to make
future nnests of citizcns either pleasant or safe
for the minions of Federal power.
Nov/, if the Constitution means anything, it
means that in no emergency shall the States of
this Union lose the power to control their own
militia for their own State purposes, except when
it is merged in the actual «&mce of the United
States. By this bill you l^ave no power in the
States to officer or direct their militia. The troops
of Ohio may be mingled miscellaneously with
those from Maine. There is a wise reason why
the militia should be considered and kept as an
