1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
institution of the States. You will find that reason
in the very genius and structure of the Federal sys-
tem. We cannot, in these times*, too often recur
to the early expounders of the Constitution. 1
hold to the JeflTersoniaii and Madisonian construc-
tion of that instrument, with respect to the rights
of the States. Nowhere do ! find the tenet* of
this school so correctly yet so familiarly ox-
pounded as in the private correspondence of Mr.
Madison, published for private distribution by
my friend J.C.McGuireof this city, and to whom
I am indebted for ihe volume before me. Mr.
Madison (page 119) defines the relations imnlied
by the terms union, Federal, national, and State,
in a letter wiitten in September, 1829, wherein lie
says:
*• That the Constitution of the United States vva« created
by the people composing the respective State*, who alone
had the right; that they organized thtt Government into\c-
gisdative, executive, and judiciary departments, delegating
thereto certain portion's of powei. to be «x *reiMid over the
whole, and leseiv.ng th" other portions to themselves re-
spectively. As these distinct portions of power were to
be cxereised |>y the General Government and by the Slate
government?, by each within limited spheres; and as, of
course, controversies concerning the boundaiies ot their
power would happen, it was provided that they should be
decided by the Supreme Court ot the United ff.'itee, so con-
stituted a? to he as unpaitial a-* it could be made by the mode
of appointment and rc&p'msibility for the judges.
c' Is there, then, no remedy for usurpation* m which the
Supreme Court ot the United Stateaconcur? Yes, consti-
tutional rem dies.5' * * * * ;. Remonstrances
and instructions; incurring elections and impeachments;
amendment of Constitution as provided by itself and ex-
emplified in tiie eleventh article limiting the suability of the
Stales.
"These arc resources of the States against the Genera]
Government, resulting from the relatione of the s?n te* to
that Government, while no cotre>pomliuir eonuol exist* in
tjyie General to the individual governments, all of whose
functionaries are independent of the United States in their
appointment and responsibility." * * * *
" fn all the views that may be taken of questions be-
tween the State {rovcrnment** ami the General Government,
the awful consequences of a final rupture and dissolution
of the Union should never for a moment b" lost sight of.
£ucb a prospect mu->t be deprccated. mu>f be shuddered at
by eveiv friend to his eouutiy, to liberty, to the happm<4r*
of man." For in the event of a'dissolution oi the Lrmou,an
impossibility of ever renewing if H biought home to ever)
mind b> the difficulties eneounteifd In e tal>l)H)ing it. '/'lie
propensity of all eommunitie> to divide when not pre-fed
into a unity by external danger is a tiutb well understood
There is no instance of a people, Inhabiting even a small
Island, if remote from foreign danger, and mmih tune* m s-pitc
of that pre.-sure, who arc not divided into alien, rival, hos-
tile tribes. The happy Union of tj^ese Slates a wonder;
their Constitution a mirarle; their example the hope of
liberty throughout thewoild. Woe to the ambition that
would meditate the destruction of either.
I trust and pray that this House will not, by
passing tins bill, hazard the fearful consequences
of a further disruption of the Federal ti '«, by in-
trenching upon the rights of the States; that at
least they will seek fust, as Mr. Madison sug-
gests, the judiciary, as the arbiter of these mooted
questions of power, before embuiking this trou-
bled people upon new seas of blood, amidst other
and woise storms of conflicting passion.
Not alone to Jefferson and Madison, orthc Su-
preme Court, will I go for the rule of construction
as to ihe Constitution. Even thntgreat apostle of
consolidation, Hamilton, in order to secure tin'
adoption of the Constitution by his* own State of
New Yoi It, presented this exposition of oui Gov-
ernment;
f i If the State governments weie to be abolished, the ques-
tion would vveai a different face ; but this idea i* iu.nlini.-:-
eible. Thev are abs-olmcly nece-^nry to the ^vMem. Their
existence iiiu;t form a leading piinciple in the imM perfect i
Constitution we could town 1 ins-ift that it can nevei be
the interest or de-iie of the national Legislature (much less
the PreMdent) to dc-no) the Slate governments. Itcan de-
rive no advantage from such a reMilt, but, on ihe eontnm.
•would lo^e an indn-pen^ible Mippoi r, n net-e^iry aid, in ex-
ecuting the law< and eoine>iug the influence of Govern-
ment to the doors of the people. The Union i  dependent
on the will of the State government* for its Chjcl M.igis
trate and it* Senate. The blow aimed at the member** imi-t
give a fatal wound to the head, and ihe deduction of the !
Urates iiiu.*t be at once political suicide. Can the national
Government be guilty ot this, in.ulue**. ?">
k * *
"And again, f have stated to the committee abundant
reasons to prove the entire safety of the State governments
and of the people. I wish theeoiumittee to lememherthai
the Con>-titutJon under examination is framed upon truly
republican principles, and that, as it is. expressly designed
SO provide for the common protection and general welfare
of the United States, it mu?t be utterly repugnant to this
Constitution to subvert the State governments or oppress
tke people.''
Thisdoctrine ofState rights, Mr. Speaker, does
not carry us into secession, for, according to the
doctrine laid down by Jefferson, Madison, and
others, there is a line drawn beyond which State
rights cartnoi go, but within which there is per-
fect immunity to the exercise of powers by the
States in their separate and sovereign capacity.
If the Stale is asr^iieved, it can neither nullify nor
secede. Mr. Jefferson, in his letter to Cart right,
referred to in the Private Coirespondence, denied
the right of any number of single States to arrest
the execution of a la w of Congress or secede from
the Federal system. A convention of the States,
under the Constitution, lie hailed "as the peace-
able remedy for all thecontiicting claims of power
in our compound Government."
In the future complications to which this and
similar bills will give rise, 1 can see no other than
the Madisonian lemedy for our safety and regen-
eration—a convention of the States under
the Constitution.
I believe that this bill not only subverts the
State governments, but that it will oppress the
people. It breaks down the barrier which the peo-
ple erected against consolidated power; for never
in the history of this or any other Government
has such a stupendous power been reposed in one
man as the power reposed by this bill in the Pres-
ident of the United States. It makes this Govern-
ment—so guarded in its delegation of power, so full
of reservations to the source of all power, the peo-
ple—an iiresponsible despotism, worse than that
of France, and more tyiannical than that of Rus-
sia. You have#already given to ihis Administia-
tion thepurs *; yon now throw theswoid into the
scale, and nothing is left to the people but abject
submission or resistance. It becomes Congress
to see to it before it intrusts such a power to any
one man—first, whether it is constitutional; amf,
ifconatitutional, whether it is expedient to intrust
if to the present Chief Magistrate of the country.
For my pait,air, I do not trust the present Chief
Mngisttate. J have my reasons for it. These
reasons spring out of his conduct with legald to
the slavery question. Again nnd again, begin-
ning wiili his inaugural mess-age down to the Inst
conscience which he had with the border State
memb« is of Congress, who now sit around me,
lie asseverated that he would not interfere m any
way with the constitutional rights of the States
with regard to negro slavery. He said he had no
right and no inclination thus to interfere; and he
kept his woid for a brief time. Bui abolition pres-
sure was brought to bear upon him. Abolitionists
improved every opportunity to poison his mind
nnd to salute his ear with their flatteries. They
made bun believe that lie was the savior of the
black race.
In the very face of his own declarations to the
contiary, ami after he had promised solemnly to
ihe border State Congressmen, in a public con-
ference with them, that he would do nothing to
tiijuie either the sensibilities or the interests of
their States with regard to slavery, he issued that
proclamation which has been so fatal to the Ai my,
i'utal to" a united North," fatal to tin' Govern-
ment, and will be, I fear, fatal to this Union, un-
less gentlemen on the other side come up boldly
and manfully and demand of him to repudiate it
forever. Let them prepare him for the retraction
by the tepeal of their confiscation measuies as
useless, impotent, and unconstitutional. Let the
President then follow them and withdraw his
pi oclumation. La't us start anew. Go back to the
Crittenden resolutions, or if you cannot, by war,
restore the Federal authority, try some other mode.
Withdraw the negro entirely from your counsels
and corn!net,and make onegi and effort to presei ve
this Government of white men. Will you do it? If
you would ihut> it solve to act, you would need no
conscription to ineiease and inspirit your Army.
You would then invigorate the public heart. You
would restore again the publicconfidence. There
is your path. Will you follow it? I .believe that
you will get no men under this bill. You will get
no men through your despicable and irresponsi-
ble provost marshals. This Lull will only.make
trouble. J fear more than I daresay. I fear you
do not expect to get men under this bill. If the
bill means anything in reason, it is a bill to en-
slave the people of the North, and not t\ bill to
put down the rebtliion. It gives you the power
to annihilate the ballot-box, destroy personal lib-
erty, and scatter your spies and informers all
over the country as thick as the loewsts of Egypt.
I protest against it as a needless torture to the
citizen, and as a cruel insult to the patriotism of
a proud and free people.
i wish I could see in this bill anything good. It
will simply irritate the people of the North. It
will not bring about that harmony among tht> peo-
ple which is indispensable to the success of ail
army against this rebellion. You have tried many
expedients against our warning and failed. At
first you had the whole North, twenty, million
people, forgetting their divisions and sustaining
the Government on the plain question for the res-
toration of the Constitution. You had victories
on that policy. Your organs, like the Tribune,
boasted, after the fall of Sumter, that—
"All party prejudices and pa^ion*? were forgotten, and the
new Administration, strengthened by an a^uiance ot pop-
ular confidence. Hood befoie the woild the unquestioned
r  pre&entanvc of the whole lo>al people of the Union.73
Who and what has changed all that? Your
President and his abolition advisers and policy.
The piocla'mntion sounded: and lo ! th'4 rebellion
was to fall. "The war would riot last till Christ-
mas," said the zealots of the hour. " By a single
blow the President has palsied the rebellion," said
the Tribune. Fatal delusions! But will you
learn nothing? This bill will prove more impo-
tent against the South and more mischievous in
the North than your proclamations and confisca*
tions.
A good deal has been said about the Democratic
pany not being loyal. Why, sir, we went from
this Hall at the close of the last session of Con-
gress and found the President's call for volunteers
among the people. We went b« fore our constit-
uents and asked for soldiers to fill the new regi-
ments culled for by the Governors in pursuance
of that call. My colleague over the way [Mr.
Harrison] will bear me witness, with what zeal
we endeavored to fill our quotas in order to save
our respective counties from a draft. In my own
county, at the capital of the State, we succeeded
in laisiuir the requisite number, and there was no
draft. My colleagues [\1r. Wjiite, M . Morris,
Mr.Noble,and others] found it not hard by their
appeals to fill the call in their localities.
This, however, was before the proclamation.
When that masterpiece of folly and treachery was
issued further enlistments became almost impos-
sible, We could then make no more speeches for
recruits. Why? We had told the people that
this was a war'for the Union and for the Consti-
tution. When it was thus perverted by base
treachery and falsehood from this its proper pur-
pose, wc took our appeal directly to the people,
and denounced the treachery and unvailcd the
falsehood of this Administration. The people
understood and indorsed us. I might refer you
to icsolufions passed by the Democratic conven-
tion of Ohio, wherein we said to I lie people that
the Democracy were willing to join hand in hand
with any citizen of the State io strengthen and
invigoiate the Government and suppress the re-
bellion. They deprecated the divisions and dis-
tractions w Inch theabohtiomsfs were foicing upon
the country as hostile to its best interests.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. liELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr.S. C. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a monnnt?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 decline to yield the floor;
and I give notice at the outset that 1 shall decline
to yield throughout unless I bring myself within
some rule that requires it.
Mi. Speaker, the discussion upon this most
important bill draws to a close. One hour of the
morrow is all that is to be given to it, and gentle-
men on the other side of the House cannot com-
plain that they have not enjoyed a full share of
the time devoted to it. Yet, Mr. Speaker, how
little has been said upon the merits or demerits of
the bill; how little examination of its provisions
has been made; how little comment that might
be spoken of as legal aigument or statesmanlike
views. Almost the day lias been occupied by the
opponents of the bill, and almost the day has been
used by them, not to enlighten the House upon
its provisions, or their effect, but to throw before
] the country such suggestions as being urged upon
the people may discourage enlistments and chill
! patriotism, as being urged in the Army may en-
! gender discontent.
The discussion has, it seems to me, been made
the occasion for proving, not the dangerous pow-
ers of the bill, but the necessity for some such
provisions as it embodies, whereby every species
of "treasonable practice" may be quickly sup-
pressed.
