1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
offices in those regiments. He indoctrinated the
officers of the Army with the idea that they must
be impregnated with his peculiar notions, else
they could not have a favored position in the
Army. The result was, that when this rebellion
broke out, the second cavalry regiment, which
used to be called " Davis's Own," was almost left
bereft of officers; there was hardly a man left in
it in the grades of colonel, lieutenant colonel, ma-
jor, or captain.
That was the way in which they managed "West
Point and the Army for the benefit of the south-
ern confederacy. But if such a condition of things
did exist at WestPomt during the time that Mr.
Davis was Secretary of War, I want the Senator
to say whether such a condition exists now, und
to give us his authority; because, if a young man
from my State, or from any State, or from any
district in this Union, is being defrauded out of his
Eosition at the Academy by fraudulent marks
eing made against him; if he is under the ban
there, I want to know it, and I want to protect
him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask one
question, in the same connection, of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is the Senator aware
whether it is or is not a fact that a large majority,
perhaps three fourths, of those who have been
turned out of the institution because the}'- havo
been marked down, have been from the southern
States? Has not that been so in the history of
the institution from its origin until now?
Mr. WADE. I do not know how that may
be; and it is not in the range of my argument to
know or care anything about it. There is one
thing most obvious; and all of those who say that
disloyalty was no more rife in this institution than
out of it, had better reflect a little how it happened
that there was so great a contrast between the ac-
tion of the officers and of the rank and fille in your
Army when the great rebellion broke out. I invite
those gentlemen who have attempted to justify
the loyalty of this institution as being equal to
that of anything outside of it, to look "to the fact
that, when the infamous traitors m your Army,
who were graduates of this institution, had en-
deavored with all their official influence to pervert
your soldiery, theie is hardly a single instance of
the unsophisticated soldier yielding to disloyalty,
and turning his back on the good old banner of
the Union. How was that?
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator will pardon
me, I will state that there were no southern men
in the Army as privates, or scarcely any. The
Army was composed of northern men and for-
eigners, principally foreigners.
Mr. WADE. " Principally foreigners 1" That
is a very general statement. I do not know it to
bo so; but I do know, as I said hufoie, that men
who were taken by the hand and sustained and.
nurtured by our good old Government, and sworn
to uphold its flag, and who received honor, influ-
ence, and distinction from the Government, were
the first to turn their backs upon it, to perj-ure their
souls to hell and rebellion, forgetting their oath of
allegiance; while the honest soldiers, the rank and
file under their dominion, stood fast by their in-
tegrity and stood by the good old banner to the ;
last. Do not tell me, then, sir, that this institution !
had no influence in making traitors: it turned out j
too many. The influence that a high officer has j
over the rank and file is amazing, and the integ- i
rity of the good men of tho rank and file is worthy 1
of all honor,when the traitors endeavored in ever}'1 |
way that ingenuity could devise to pervert them, !
to seduce them from their allegiance, and turn them .
into the rebel service. I do not say that this school, i
in so many words, taught treachery to theAmer- 1
ican flag; but I say it is strange that so many tiai- !
tors emanated from it; and J cannot but advert to j
the different line of conduct pursued by those who J
had received their education there and by the ,
noor men under their command who had not. j
The Senator from Iowa who has attempted to j
palliate the predominance of southern influence !
m this institution, has not met the argument which j
I made on that subject. I say that it has been j
presided over and controlled by southern influ- <
ences. From the time that Jefferson Davis became j
Secretary of War and presided over it, rebellion j
was taught there. i
Mr. GRIMES. What does the Senator moan \
by presiding over it? Does he mean the Super-
intendent of the Academy?
Mr. WADE. I mean that Jefferson Davis was
Secretary of War; that he influenced every part
of it, and his principles permeated the whole in-
stitution everywhere.
Mr. GRIMES. If that was so, it is not the
fault of the institution. Colonel Delafield was
Superintendent of the Academy nearly all the time
that Mr. Davis was Secretary of War—a very
loyal man, a citizen of New York.
Mr. YVADE. I do not care who was Superin-
tendent; it was all under the control of a mani-
fest traitor, and one who I here take occasion to
say was as well known to be a traitor when he
was Secretary of War as he is now. He had
given as much evidence of it; he had proclaimed
it in 1850, when he went to Nashville to preside
over a traitorous convention. When he was ap-
pointed by Mr. Pierce to that position, he had
every mark and evidence of a traitor that he has
now, and was just as much of one as he is to-
day. This institution was completely under his
control during one entire Administration. How
is it now? My friend from Kansas said that he
had never met with a single officer educated at
West Point who was not a high-toned pro-
slavery man, sympathizing with the institutions
of the South. 1 believe that has been my expe-
rience, too. I do not say that I have not known
exceptions; I doubt not exceptions do exist; but
the general rule is as my friend from Kansas
stated. One third of them have turned traitors
and gone into the rebel camp, and are seeking to
overthrow the very Government that nurtured
them in its bosom and trained them for war.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Ohio, I will mention the fact
that there is in the State of Kansas an officer who
was sou there, because he was unwilling to serve
against tho people of Virginia.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Who is he? What
is his name ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. His name is Easton;
and charges impeaching his loyalty have been
made by the people of Kansas, in scores of affi-
davits sent to General Meiirs, and yet he is re-
tained.
Mr. WADE. I am arguing against the prin-
ciples of this institution, not against any particu-
lar man who graduated from it; I speak of its le-
gitimate fruits; but to prevent gentlemen pervert-
ing what I say, 1 will state that i know of many
eminent instances of patriotism and officer-like
conduct in officers who graduated there; but they
are exceptions to a rule almost universal that they
sympathize with the South. The Senator from
Iowa has asked me—that is the real gist of his
inquiry—whether that has continued. I do not
know how it is to-day; the South have gone off
into rebellion, but we know that the fruits of this
teaching remain among us in a form not less ma-
lignant than it was in the South. Look now to
those who, sympathizing with traitors, threaten
really to subvert us and to throw the holders of
the Government into the Potomac. Some ofthosc
gentlemen are from the North. The fruits of this
teaching remain, though individuals have gone
where they are endeavoring to overthrow the
Government.
What I havo to say of this institution arises
from no invidious comparison between those offi-
cers who ate meritorious among the graduates of
the Academy and those who have not been there
educated. That is no part of my argument; and
gentlemen who get up here and applaud high offi-
cers among its graduates who have done the coun-
try great service, do not touch the question. I
have no contiovursy with them; but I say that the
existence of this close, aristocratical corporation
is an anomaly in our Government; that it is ad-
verse to the general equitable principles of north-
ern society; that its graduates are invested with
special privileges which we do not Rostov/ upon
anybody else; "that all these things are m deroga-
tion of the common right of the soldier who haz-
ards his life for the good o! his country. He has
a right to asp%i to the highest command in this
nation. I care not how humble he may be, the
private soldier who goes into the Army to support
his country'a flag at the peril of his life, has a right,
and underourjustand equitable institutions ought
to have the right continually, of rising by merit to
the command of hundreds'of thousands of men. ii
There is no position in thisixatiorf sohigh'tfraft tft'e?
common soldier ought not to have his'ttfay clear
to it, if he can show to the nation by his p&tifot-'
ism, his ability, and his intellect, tha't hc i's enti-
tled to it. This institution stands as a'b%h& W
mildew upon all such ambition. It chains hinft
down to a rock from which he cannot rise;- fife
goes into the Army perfectly hopeless of etny re's-
urrcction from the humble position in whieh ire
goes in. Why, sir, in this we have imitated tHe
English aristocratical system; we have not cottle
up to'the glorious military institution^ of FhitfC&y
for there by the shrewdness, by the intellect, by
the perspicacity of mind and clear-headedn'ess of
a Bonaparte, he made it so that the humblest Sol-
dier in Prance may aspire to the highest position
in her armies. There is no place in that empire
to which tho humblest soldier may not aspire with
the hope of reaching a higfc markv England is an
exception. There her accursed aristocracy stands
between every man and his laudable ambition; but
in France and on the continent it is not so. Con-
sequently, of all the successful martial nations of
the world, France stands out as an example.
Should we, in a democratic country like thisV
institute and uphold an institution that could not
hold sway in the empire of France an hour ? No,
sir; it is mere political bigotry that binds us down
and chai ns us to this accursed institution—nothing
else than that. All its fruits are pernicious. An
army of American soldiers should be aspirants
to the highest offices in the nation. The road
ought to be opened; and, while i oppose thisbih,
I wish to open the way of the soldier to aspire to
the highest offices in the nation. But, sir, I do
not contend that education and military science
are not essential to military success. I argue that
if you will release us from the shadow of this ac-
cursed close corporation, which stands as a nVo-
nopoly, blocking the way to all advancement,
there will spring up in every part of the free'
States institutions of a like character, more lib-
eral, more scientific, less bound down by the big-
otry of this institution, which produces mere mar-
tinetism, and they will rise as much, superior to
it as a free people are superior to those who are
bound hand and foot by monarchy.
Let the way be open to every man of science;
let military institutions spring up, patronized by
the different States, or encouraged as branches of
the free schools, where all the children go, and
where they may obtain the elements of amilitavy
education at the same time and in the same man-
ner that they acquire an education which fitsthem
for civil life. That, sir, is my idea, and it has
not been attempted to be answered. Gentlemefr -
get up and talk about great patriots who have
sacrificed their lives on the field of battle. Who
is here to dispute with them on that subject? I
am arguing against the tendencies of a close, aris-
tocratical institution as being at war with the gen-
eral liberal principles of the United States, and
gentlemen answer me by saying that bad as this
institution is, it has thrown out some men of re-
markable merit. 1 agree to it; but is that an
argument to show that the institution is right in
ail respects, that it is to be patronized and encour-
aged? No, sir. If you will open the way to mil-
itary merit to the eight hundred thousand men
who are in the field, you certainly will be likely
to advance men of greater talent than you will
from any close corporation under heaven.
Now, Mr. President, I have said a great deal
more than I expected to say upon this subject.
I know this bill is to pass. I know the ma-
jority cannot break loose from the trammels of
education, and will hold fast to this institution,
absurd as it may be, and contrary as it is to com-
mon right and the spirit of our institutions gen-
erally. I know that it is only by degrees that
these influences wear off; but I believe that the
people will ultimately compel us to yield to the
great democratic principle, and open the way for
the humblest to arise and achieve place in the na-
tion. That is what will be done. I only throw
out these ideas for the consideration of those who
shall come after me. I know they will compel
the just measure for which I contend ultimately
to be adopted. I know very well that I am to be
overborne by perhaps five to one now; but the
time will come when justice will be done in spite
of education or prejudices to the contrary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from Ohio has thrown out a
