1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
1271
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
inquired this morning when or in which, of our
wars such powers had been asked for. When, !
ask in retuin, wns (ho exorcise of such power**
necessary before5 Sir,there was littl«occasion for
their enactment during our earlier wars. When a
few influential men of Pennsylvania during the
rev olunonary war talked as gentlemen have talked
on this floor, the Executive Council .sent them fai
inland into the then remote State of Virginia.
They were seized hy night or by day, wherever
they could be found, and forthwith hastened upon
their journey thither, and the right to the wiit of
habeas corpus was expressly denied them. That
transaction was approved by George Washington,
and the Continental Congress parsed a bill of in-
demnity covering all parties eoiw^rned in it. Thcte
were, it ia true, Cow-boys in those days in the
South; and as this instance shows a few false and
craven creatures in the North who sympathized
with th" enemy and prayed " for peace on any
terms,but they were so few that they dared not
hope to be able"to debauch the sentiment of the
Army* so few as not to hope, as is now hoped hy
tln> disloyal managers of the Opposition, to be
able to paralyzrt the arm of the Government.
During the late war the men who attempted to
embarrass the Administration charged with its
conduct, were overwhelmed by public indignation,
and some of the few who attempted to interfere
with the morale of the Army were given a sum-
mary trial by a drumhead coim-martial,and ex-
ecuted by oider ot Andrew Jackson. Tins action
called forth the famous Coffin hand-bill, the en-
during infamy of the author of which some gen-
tlemen on the other side appear to emulate. Sir,
the right of self-defense inheres m every man
and in every Government, and the bill under dis-
cussion provider surely and wisely for the main-
tennnetvand defence (if the Government of the
United States against traitorous sons in the South
and sympathizers with traitors m the North; men
woikmg in a common spirit to a common end—
those with force upon the battle-field, these with
subtle poison that reaches the mind and heart
with the pei vei ted or invented fact and false con-
clusion that may seduce from his ttue feahy tins
igeoiant but enthusiastic citizen and patriot.
Thegentleman, in flagrant disregard of the rule
of the House, to which, with such propriety you
called the attention of the funny gentleman who
has just taken his seat, [Mr. Cox,] said that no
man, no single member, was willingut the begin-
ning of this Congress to stand where Tiiaddeus
Stevens, Eliot, and Loyejoy now stand. And
when an humble member sought to qualify the
statement by announcing that there was one at
least, who had&tood iheie then as he stands now, j
and will continue to stand, the opportunity was |
peiemptonly denied him. It was on the 7th of j
January, ld62, that fiom this seat 1 prayed that
our Administration might be taught speedily to
avail itself not only of the resources of the North
but those of the enemy; that it would strike them
in the tender point; that it would throw them upon
their own resources for a supply of food and cloth-
ing, as it was its duty to do, by proclaiming pro-
tection to every loyal man and woman that should
come to the standard of the country. My lan-
guage, as I find it in the Globe, was:
u And T pray God that it (the Adminiftratinn) may >-o f.ir
read tlie laws of war as to learn that it the mit> of Con-
gress the general* at the head ot ihe several column:* oi the
Atiny, and the Govct anient of the United Static, to cutoff
all ilie rt^oiures < t thciehels iiovvin nuih against Us It
the fir-st and la~t law in war. Its thorough enforcement
!> called for by ail the promptings of p'uiiotiMii and hu-
manity, and ptomiM)-> internal and external peace to our
distracted eountiy.*'
I have always stood where those gentlemen stand
on the question so inopportunely discussed by the
gentleman from Kentucky,[Mr. Malloky,] But,
for his own purposes, he would teach the people
of the South, and especially of the border States,
that the objects of this war have been perverted,
that it is no longer waged for constitutional ends
or by legal means. He says truly that the sense
of this House was expressed in the resolution of
his venerable and distinguished collenge, [Mr.
Chittenden',] and adds that the spirit of that
resolution has been abandoned. Sir, while it was
hoped and believed that there wassomelurking pa-
triotism among the controlling minds of the South,
and that they might be influenced by a conciliatory
spirit, we were all willing to accept peace and a
restoration of the Union as things then were; yes,
waiving our riu:ht to take advantage of the great
wrong that had been committed, and overturn the
institution that insuiuatod il, we said to them:
i( come hack,and all ihe past,oven to this moment,
shall be forgotten." How delusive was our hope !
What was then is not now. Since then two hun-
dred thousand of our bravecountrymen sleep their
last sleep m southern soil, and over the graves
of these murdered Americans I never will shake
hands and bow and beg pardon of their murderers:
nor will the American people. We cannot have
indemnity for the pas-t, but we demand and will
have security for the future.
I am for exercising all the rights and powers of
the Government in this behalf. 1 am, as I believe
the majority of the House is, for eradicating,
wherever it may constitutionally do it, that poison,
that subtle poison that engendered this rebellion
—which made those graves. The gentleman says
that the friends of the Administration no longer
match to the music of the Union', that they dunce
to the music of Greeley, Lovejoy, and Stevens.
Said he, "the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
has educated them up to his measure." He did
my distinguished colleague honor overmuch. The
events of this era are under the management of
no man or set of men. it is to the music of the
spheres that the patriot army and the country
march. Providence is the guide. God ahmecon-
irols the march of events, and the music to which
the country moves is the spheral strains which
inspire undying faith and dauntless courage in
the cause of justice and mercy, and invite that
peace whi'di, resting on these foundations, shall
endure foiever. Sir, the music to winch we march
inspires us by recalling the highest glories of the
pasi; its seraphic strains hieathe forth the hopes
and joys of t be bright and illimitable future which
is to follow this night of strife and woe. Not my
colleague, hut God has been our instructor. He
has biought us forwaid, step by step, until at
last we aie about to enact a law in which we
recognize man as man. Nor is the hill demanded
by Hie philanthropist alone. Eighteen mouths
of providential teachings have so far educated
us ihat the most stupid have learned that four
millions of people on our side are belter for us
than the same lour millions warring or woiking
against us.
The bill before us is to stand as law for three
ycais. It is consistent with legislation already on
the statute-book authorizing the Piesulent to arm
and «quip ail able-bodied men, irrespective of
color, that may be needed for the suppression of
thi.i rebellion, and it must not be emasculated by
adopting the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] and inserting the word "white"
before men. Let it stand as it is, and it will give
us all the soldiers we need.
Mr. Speaker, let nie jepcat that it is God who
is teaching this people and their Representatives
by His mysteuous providence. Why, the ques-
tion is asked, could not this country have pro-
gressed peacefully as it was progressing? Why
must this war come? Sir, 1 know not why; but
in the bitterness of a heart, stricken at many points
by the loss of friends and kindred, and the greater
sorrows of others, as it is upon us, 1 hall it as
the era of a new and higher birth for man and for
society. 1 know not why it is that all great bless-
ings come to us through pain and sorrow. It is
to the agonies of the garden and the cross that we
owe our feubhmt.'faith and immortal hopes. Who
can tell the anguish and pain that are compensated
by the first cherub smile that plays upon the cra-
dled infant's cheek ? And why is it that through
the pains and lingering torments of the sick-room
or the horroisofthe battle-field we pass from cares
and sonow to the better and happier world? 1
cannot explain God's providence, but I do note
its visible facts, and am taught to behold m the
u^ony of my country the euro-presage of a new
and higher life for her.
Hut, to come back to my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallohy.] He tells us of the sufferings he
has seen in Kentuck y, and charges them upon this
Administration and the majority of this House.
Sir, it was my fortune to be casually in the ex-
ecutive chamber of our country when the Presi-
dent received from the Governor of Kentucky his
response to the call for seventy-five thousand
troops. It preceded the emancipation proclama-
tion and any of the action of this Congress* It
was the first call for troops. What was Governor
Magoffin's response? Had Kentucky been true
in thai honrshecould have limited the theater of
the war to the cotton States. A patriotic voice from
her in that crisis would have protected her own
borders and secured her from the polluting tread
of insurgent troops as certainly as Maine or Midi*
igan have been secured. But what was the an~
swer of her Governor to the President's call? It
was as follows:
Your dispatch if- received. In answer, I say, emphatic-
ally, Kentucky will furnish no troops for the wicked pur-
pose of subduing lier sister southern States.
£i. MAGOFFIN.
It was not until the rebel power was consuming
the crops and carrying off the cattle and the sons
of Kentut ky that she became conscious of the fact
;hat her safety lay in the maintenance of the
Union.
"Pnssthis bill, "exclaims thcgcntleman, "press
onward, press onward, and 1 will invoke revolu-
tion." No, sir, let me not do him injustice; he
said,"l will hail revolution." What does he
mean? Does he mean to say, from his desk in
ibis House, that if we dare to pass this bill he and
his friends will resist it by force? If that be his
meaning, I tell him that the sons of Pennsylvania
who nmrchcd to protect his home, and the homes
of other Kentuckians, and who now sleep there
in green mounds, have not died in vain,and that
their graves are sacred shrines, dear to the heart
of the people of Pennsylvania, which they never
will consent to visit in a foreign land. Let his hail *
inaugurate a new attempt at revolution, and the
northern army that has protected him and his
wril clear the earth of him and them. I deal not
in threats; but in this hour of our country's peril
it is not for us to be too' nicely careful of our lan-
guage, when we hear from the other side the cry
of" peace on any terms," and are told what the
people of this or that State will not stand, and,
finally, that if we do not yield to a despotic mi-
nority they will hail revolution.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Steele,]
in the midst of patriotic protestations echoes the
strain, saying we do not want an abolition war;
we have supplied all the men we have been asked
for. Who does want an abolition war, or wherein
does this bill propose to make one? Let me say
no word to disparage New York. I renjomber
iiow promptly she came to the rescue of the bar-
ricaded Capitol in which we now stand, i re-
member hos^grand a part she played in aii the
eailier days of the rebellion, and 1 know how
grand a part her soldiers are playing now. But
she has not yielded all the men called for, or Penn-
sylvania has yielded vastly more than her quota.
There is more than a million difference in the pop-
ulation of the two States, and yet Pennsylvania,
without doing more than her share, has sent about
as ruany soldiers to the field as New York. But
we will not discuss that question.
The gentleman says that he and his friends do
not like the way " the machine is being run." I
suppose not. Men who denounce every meas-
ure by which it is proposed to save the Republic
are not likely to approve the manner in which the
machine has been run lately.
The Richmond Enquirer agrees with the gen-
tleman and tiiose with whom he labors in the en-
deavor to poison the popular mind, in charging
that " the machine is running in the wrong direc-
tion. " Let it speak for itself. The coincidence
of opinion between the gentleman and it is the
more remarkable as he is a prime patriot and its
editor a first class traitor. 1 read from the Rich-
mond Enquirer of the 10th instant:
"Third Stage of the War—We have fairly entered
upon the thud stage indicated by the President in his mes-
siire, namely, that ol a war for subjugation and extermin-
ation. The people ot this confedeiaey, isolated and shut
up tiom all the vvoiltl, have now to encounter the most hor-
rible and demoniac eflbit foi the assassination of a whole
race thai Insioty fias yet recoided, or, we believe, will ever
have to reeoid nil !n>tory grow.* gtay. For il is not every
etiiturv, it is not eveij (eon, that shows the world a Yan-
kee nauoii. Ye*, the confederate people has now at iasl
to strip tor batik; it is a people that must this time very
literally conquer or die.
u No doubt it would be agreeable to believe that this last
staye ol the war would he soon over, and must end in the
speedy detraction of our intended murderers. But loofe
round the map of the confederacy; and judge if we can
soothe ourselves with this belief. In the very heart of the
countrv our gallant sentinel ol the Miasisfippi—-heroic little
VieJc-lmrg—has bustauiedj indeed, and baffled two tre-
mendous sieges; but a third time her citfscna sec pouring
