334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
suggestion that I think ought not to pass unno- \\
ticed. The infercncc from his remark is that the j!
graduates of West Point have no sympathy, no
opinions in common with the people of their sec- ^
tion of the country, that they are pro-slavery, i!
that they have contempt for the democratic insti- j'
tutions of their country. Slavery has cast over j:
that institution, as it has cast over everything in !
this country, its malign influences; thatinstitu- Si
tion has been under its control for a generation]
but at the same time there has entered into that
institution a class of young men appointed by
members of Congress representing the liberal sen-
timents of this country, and they have passed
through thatinstitution and maintained the white-
ness of their souls; and to-day, in spite of all the
malign influences cast over the institution, there
are many of the graduates of West Point who
are as truly democratic as is the Senator from
Ohio; graduates who support this Administration
and its policy, not only with their swords, but
with their hearts and their judgments also.
But, sir, while the Army of the United States
has been under the control of pro-slavery and dis-
union men, suppose all the officers of the Army
had been appointed by those men instead of being
appointed from West Point. The officers of the
Army would surely have been more treasonable
than they have been. Take the men appointed
in the regiments created in 1855, and you will find
that most of those men, being political appoint-
ments, followed the fortunes of their portion of !
the country—they kissed the hand th:'t fed them ,
then. . . !
The Senator from Ohio argues against this in-
stitution from the abuses of the past. Thank j
God, sir, the domination of th^se pro-slavery (lis- j
union men has passed awry forever on this con- i
tinent, and the Mihtaiy Academy has passed out ]
of their control, I trust to return no more forever, 1
and it is unjust to argue against the institution
from the abuses of the past, when we hope that in
the future it is to be what it ought to be, an in-
stitution as liberal as any of the educational insti-
tutions of the country.
But the Senator sa'ys that he wishes to throw
open the Army to the poorest young men in the
country. 1 venture to say there are more olHcors
of the Army who were hoin in poverty and in
early life struggled with poverty, in the Army to-
day than there would have been had there been
no" West Point. West Point has been an institu-
tion through which poor young men of the coun-
try passed into the Army. Had the appointments
been mere political appointments, they would have
been more ariMooiatical, to use the Senator's
phrase, than they have been under that institution.
West Point is open to the poorest young men in
the country, and a full proportion, a m:ijonty, ot
the graduates of that institution have been young
men without any fortune in the world. Only two
or three years ago a poor Iiish boy graduated ai
the head of his class, and the nephew of James
Buchanan within three of the foot of his class; and
yet the Senator throws out the idea that the in-
stitution is against the aspirations of the pooi.
Mr. WADE. That is not what 1 was aigumg.
I did not speak of the appointees of that institu-
tion in that connection; but I spoke of the pro-
priety of allowing nvn to use from the ranks of
the regular Army, and I said that this institution
interfered with that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As to that,
the Senator fiom Iowa has s?at< d what is the tact,
that you may continue this institution and you
can furnish fiom it only a smull portion of the offi-
cers of the Army. You want oidnanoe oftk-ers,
you want engineers, you want topogutphicai engi-
neers, you want educated and tiamcd men for
these purposes. Our regular Army has been very
much cnlaiged, and if the nuiubei continues for a
few years to come as it now is fixed by law, foi ty-
five thousand, you cannot graduate at West Point
one third of the oincers needed for the service.
But, sir, the fact is that position m the Army
is open to the poorest nun m the country. There
is not a good soldier in the rank* of your regular
Army to-day that may not be appomied a second
lieutenant. When we created the eleven new legi-
ments, with twen*y-four companies in each regi-
ment, the second lieutenancies of those companies,
amounting to two hundred and sixty-four, were
all, or nearly all, left open to be filled by appoint-
ments of soldiers from the rankn. At tho lust ses-
sion of Congress we hpd a list of appointments to
second lieutenancies from common soldiers, and
in a few days more we shall have quite another
large list of the same kind. In fact, the policy of
the Governments inflexibleupon that point. The
Senator may go to the War Office and ask for the
appointment to a position m the Army of a person
who is not in the Army, add the Secretary will
say, " let him join the Army; let him enroll his
name in the ranks, and then let him get the recom-
mendations of his officers, and he will be promoted
to a second lieutenancy."
Mr. WADE. That is so; but there are eight
hundred thousand men in your service outside of
the regular Army, and how will they get posi-
tions? That is the question.
1 Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have ad-
' vocatcd here, publicly and privately, the policy i
1 not only of taking officers from the janks of the i
■ regular Army, but from the volunteers, j
; Mr. WADE. It is not done now., ,
1 Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is 1
i no law to prevent it; it is the policy of the Sccre- ■
! tary of War. Mr. Cameron, while he was Sec-
| rotary of War, generally selected for these places
I the men who were in the field, whether in the
I regular Army or the volunteers, m preference to
I young men outside of the Army.
] The question being taken by yeas and nays,
1 resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows: 3
! yj;aS—Messis. Anthonv, Arnold, Browning, Clark,
Cou.ui, D.iVif, Di\on, poohttJe, Fe^enden, Foot, l-Ywtrt,
(!t inie--, I tai flinjr, Hums Ih'iidenon, flicks. Knur. Latham,
McD'Murall, Won:U, TVe-i'iitli, i'omeioy, Powell, Slieumm,
.^inline), Ten Kvek, YVilley, Wilson oi Mcu-sfu'luiaetts, and
Wil-on oi .MiJ-rfinin
NAVS—.Mom>. Chandler, Harlan. Howe, Lane of In-
diana. Lane oi'Kan-a-, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wil-
mof, and YYi iqhi—10.
Sv> the bill was passed.
CONSOLIDATION OF REGIMENTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill for the consolidation of regiments,
with a view to ienve it as the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 15, 1863.
[ The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
; by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stocktow.
S The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
j INTERNATIONAL AGRICULTURAL EXHIBITION.
I The SPEAKER laid before the House a message
: from the President of the United States, transmit-
| (mi' foi the action of Congress a note addressed
' to tne Secretai yol State from the minister resident
> of the 1 lanseatic Republic, accredited to thi?> Gov-
j eminent, concerning an international agricultural
, exhibition to he h-i'd next summer m the city of
1 Hontbusg; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CONFISCATION IN THE PATRIOT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Attorney General, in
answer to a re^olu'ion of the House telative to the
enforcement of the confiscation law m the District
of Columbia; whieh was referred to the Commit-
tee for tho District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
ELECT 1'UOM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. i piesriu the credentials of Je.nnings Ptgott,
nvmbei elect fiom the second congressional dis-
' met ofNoi th Carolina, and move that he be sworn
1 Mr. DAWES. I move that they be referred
, to the Commute3 of Elections.
■ Mi. Dawes's motion was agreed to,
i Ms. DAWES. I present tiic protest of Charles
Henry Foster and oihe: s to the admission of Mr.
j Pxgott to a seat upon this floor, and move that it
j be n fened to the Committee of Ejections.
;j The motion was agreed to.
ji MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
'■! A message Vrom the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
j! their Secretary, informed the House that they had
ii passed joint resolutions of the following titles, m
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested:
Joint resolution (No. 118) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of R. A. Clements, administiator of James N.
Mullican;
Joint resolution (No. 119) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
ofStophen Johnston and others;
Joint resolution (No. 120) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of David D. Mitchell;
Joint resolution (No. 121) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks; and
Joint resolution (No. 122) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Alexander D. Anderson, administrator of John
Anderson.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself intothe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I want to resume the consideration of the bill
| providing ways and means for the support of the
i Government.
| The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Campbell
m the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being bill of the House No. 659
to pi ovule ways and means for the support of the
Govern ment.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute for the bill, offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] on which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ward] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, the condition of
our financial affairs and the regulation of the cir-
culating medium are regarded with much anxiety
by the people of this country, from motives of
their own personal interest, and yet more from pa-
triotic devotion to the cause of unity m our great
stiuggle for national existence. Modern society
relies in an eminent degree upon the instrument
of trade and commerce, termed money, for the
regulation of all economical affairs connected with
the creation and equitable distribution of wealth.
If this be deranged, everything else is deranged,
and our national resources, in common with those
of individuals, become subject to innumerable dis-
asters, against which no human foresight ^can
guard. The lessons of the last year have enabled
us to appreciate this truth more fully. We have,
I trust, learned something within that time. For
myself, I am free to confess that although my rec-
01
I
d upon this question remains to-day exactly as
would have it, I am among those who have been
■""naming fiom that inexorable tcachcr, experience.
I I have been and yet am desiious of supporting
; the Government of my country in a vigorous pros-
i ecution of the war. "if on any subject the North
;! des not piesent an unbroken front, in perfect
unity of feeling, the fault does not test with my-
jj self. My vote has aided m furnishing for the de-
li fense of the Union, not only all needful supplies
;| of that which faithfully represents the products of
i the industry of our country—money, the sinews
'i 0f war—but in placing at the disposal of the legally
1 appointed olficers of the Government that which
I! is yet more precious, the invaluable lives of the
j! men who constitute the brave armies of the Union.
' I could not control the expendituie of the money,
:■ or prevent the sacrifice of the men; nor was mv
I vote, given against the issue oflegal tender," suf-
' ficient to prevent the practice of an unsound sys-
:! tem of finance. I hoped that another course, more
II conducive to the interests of the nation, would
' have been pursued; but } did not, nor do 1 now,
!■ question the purity of motives m those gentlemen
11 who sustained the views I deemed it my duty to
oppose. I beheved the i&suc of this paper money
v.as an unfoituuato measure; and now that we
.! have from practical cxpei ience a thorough knowl-
1 ■ edge of the influence it exerts, there should be only
li oneopmion as to theinexpediency of continuing to
' augment the volumeofsuchacurrency. Itisforus
\i not to aggravate the evil, but, so far as is possible,
| to devise measures fonts removal, that a gradual
■I and perfect cure may be effected.
