1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government is for the time confided should be cm-
posveied to protect it, and are bound to punish till I
who attempt to do it harm, whether their intent
is manifested by action or by the language of con-
spiracy leading to acts elsewhere. It is the law
that one conspirator may be in one State, another
in another, and a thii d in still another State, and |
all be responsible for the language used by each, j
No question of jurisdiction arises there. A com-
mon intent makesail who have promoted it guilty
of the overt act. My judgment is that where it
becomcs apparent that'a man, with a rebellious
heart and sympathies with those who are in arms
against the Government, is by letter or word com-
municating with oraiding them,he should be dealt
with as you deal with a rattlesnake when you hear
the rattle near your heel, or with a copperhead
when you perceive its venomous fang approach-
ins: your throat. You are not to wait till the sting
is in you before you crush the reptile. You must
do it while you can save your own life. Herein
I charge the Government with having been in de-
fault. If the example of our revolutionary sires
and of Andrew Jackson had been followed,and
some of the men who now clamorand whine about
their aibitrary arrest, and tell how their homes
were violated, had been tried,allowed five minutes
for brief prayer, and then shot or hung, there
would have been less indulgence in treasonable
practices, and the Government would have found
support where it now receives censure. Therein
is my objection to the course of the Administra-
tion, and if it were clear that this bill made such
conduct on its part necessary I would vote for it
even more joyously than I will to-morrow 011 its
final passage.
And now, as my friend from Maine [Mr. S. C.
Fesskn'Den] wants ten minutes of my time, I will
yield to him.
Mr S. C. FESSENDEN was recognized.
Mr. iiOLMAN. I believe the gentleman from
Maine hasonceoccupied theflooron thisquestion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. lie can only oc-
cupy the floor by unanimous consent of the House
in the time of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Chair understands the gentleman from Indi-
ana to object.
Mr. NORTON. Mr.Speaker, a bill of the mag-
nitude and importance of the one now before the
House for consideration, while it is attracting the
attention of the whole country, should not be al-
lowed to pass this House without due considera-
tion and without a perfect conviction of its neces-
sity. The simple assertion of necessity, without
an argument showing wherein 01 how it is neces-
sary, is not sufficient to command my support of
the bdl. it has become a common reason assigned
for the passage of almost every measure intro-
duced here, that the Presidentor the chief of some
Departmentconsiders it necessary to carry on the
operation of thcGovcrnrnent. Whetherthemeas-
ure lelates to an increase of the Army or Navy,
or to a work of internal improvement, or to a
scheme of finance, taxation, or banking, the advo-
cates of it base its claim for support upon the bare
assertion ofits necessity. This was the chief state-
ment, I will not say argument, advanced a few days
ago in support of the grand banking scheme about
to be inaugurated under the auspices ofthe General
Government, concentrating the whole money
power of the country in the hands of one man—
the whole money power of the country and people.
Under its provisions any five or more persons can
organize themselves into a banking association;
and while there is scarcely a probability thatany
well-regulated bank in any of the States will or-
ganize under it or surrender their circulation, the
temptations held out by the bill will induce pri-
vate persons desirous of investing their funds to
purchase the bonds of the Government, upon
which they will receive interest at the rate of six
percent., payable semi-annually; and also entitle
them to receive, within ten per cent, of the value
of the bonds, paper to circulate as money, upon
which they will be enabled likewise to realize a
profit of ftom six to twelve per cent., according
to their capacity to manage money profitably, by
discounting paper and dealing in exchange. This
system, instead of diminishing banks, will cause
two to spring into being where only one now ex-
ists; and instead of contracting the circulation of
the country will increase it to the extent of the
amountof paper dollars authorized to be issued un-
der the system, which, i believe, is $390,000,000.
Yet, sir, this measure was passed chiefly upon the
allegations of its necessity made by the advocates
of it.
Upon the heels of this banking project, which
looks to the centralization of the money power of
the whole country in the hands of the Federal
Government,comes this military project proposing
to centralize the whole militai y power of the entire
counti y in the same hands. Place the purse and
the sword completely and perfectly in the hands of
any man or set of men, as these two bills will do,
in my judgment, and unless they are much purer
men than seems to fall, at least in these times, to
frail mortality, the liberties of the people are gone,
and will only be spoken of as things that once had
an existence. It is a wise and true saying, that
power is a! ways stealing from the many to the few.
So true is it that it has almost become axiomatic.
Look back at our own history for n verification
ofits truth,and see what a perfect demonstration
of it has been afforded 111 the lasteighteen months.
You havealready lodged m the hands of the Presi-
dent of the United States more power than is pos-
sessed by any throned monarch of Europe, and
probably as much as the most absolute despotof
any country claims or dare exercif-e. By an act
approved January 31, 1862, you deelare that the
President shall, whenever in his judgment I he pub-
lic safety may require it, be authorized to take pos-
session of any or all the telegraph lines in the Uni-
ted States, their offices and appurtenances; to take
possession of any or all the railroad lines in the
United States, their rolling stock, their offices,
their shops, buildings, and all their appendagts
and apput tenances; to piesciibe 1 ules and regula-
tions for the holding, using, and maintaining of
the aforesaid telegraph and railroad lines, and to
extend, repair, and complete the same in the man-
ner most conducive to the interest and safety of
the Government; to place under military control
all the officers, agents, and employes belonging to
the telegraph and railroad lines thus taken pos-
session of by the President, so that they shall be
considered as post roads and a part of the mili-
tai y establishment of the United States, subject
to all the restrictions imposed by the rules and ar-
ticles of war. This, sir, is a very large grant of
arbitrary power, with no other restriction upon
its duration than that it " shall not be in force any
longer than is necessary for the suppression of
this rebellion."
At the same session of Congress, on the 17th
July last, an act to amend the ^t calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of tne Union, suppress
insurrections, &c., was passed, in the first section
of which it is provided that—
u If by reason of any defects in exiting hiwfc, or in the
execution of them, in the several States or any of tiiem, it
shall bit found neees-ary to ptovide tor enrolling the mili-
tia, and otherwise putting tlmact into execution, the Pres-
ident ib authorized 111 su<*h ease^ to make all necessary
ruh-ss ami regulations."
The ninth scction of the same act provides—
u That the President be. and he is hereby, authorized to
establish and organize Army coijw according to his discre-
tion."
This act affords another evidence of the truth
of the maxim that power is always stealing from
the many to the few, and confers upon the Pres-
ident powers and duties which can alone be exer-
cised by Congress. Under the Constitution, it is
said that the Congress shall have the power—
<cTo provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions.
"To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
m'litia. and for governing such parts of them may be
employed in the service of the United States, reserving to
the States, respective!), the appointment of the officer*, and
the authority o  training the nulitia according 10 the disci-
pline prescribed by Congress."
Under these grants of power, while it is the
plain duty of Congress to provide for calling forth
the militia under the act of 17th July last, after
undertaking to executothis power, you have, in
the event of defects in the then existing laws or
in the execution of them in the several States or
any of them, it shall be found necessary to pro- j
vide for enrolling the militia and otherwise put- j
ting that act in execution, transferred a power i
which is lodged alone in your hands, and can only j
be exercised by you, to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and have authorized him in such cases
to make all necessary rules and regulations. In
other words, you have undertaken to legislate
upon a subject upon which you alone can legis-
late and have the power to legislate, and then ift
the same act provide that your legislation, if im-
perfect and not suitable for the purposes intended,
shall be made perfect by the President; and you
delegate to him the power to do what it was your
duty alone to do, and which you attempted to do
but faiied to perform. We have the power to
legislate delegated to us, and in the exercise o£ifc
cannot go beyond the letter or spirit of the instru-
ment which conferred it. Where do you derive
the right to delegate your power to any other matt
or set of men, ami clothe the President with a
power not conferred upon him by the Constitu-
tion, and which alone rests in your hands? If yoU
can do it, as has been done in this instance, can
you not authorize him, under the same principle,
to declare war, grant letters of marque and repri-
sal, and moke rules and regulations concerning
captures on land and water? Can you not, under
the same principle, authorize him to coin money,
regulate the value thereof and of foreign coin,and
fix the standard of weights and measures? Could
you not, under the same process, transfer your
power of laying and collecting taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises, or authorize him to raise and
support armies, or establish a uniform rule of nat-
uralization, and uniform laws upon the subject of
bankruptcies throughout the United States? If
you can rightfully clothe him with the power to
exercise one single function, the duty of exercis-
ing which is imposed alone upon you, you can
transfer to him every other which you possess.
During the present session of Congress this
House has already shown its willingness further
to extend, enlaige, and multiply power in the
hands of the President, by authorizing him in the
indemnity bill, as it is called, sanctioned already
twice by a majority of this body, to suspendany-
wherc at his will and pleasure the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus, without restricting its oper-
ations to those localities where the present war
exists or ;s being actively carried on. Our funda-
mental law provides that " the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, un-
less when in cases of rebellion or invasion the pub-
lic safety may require it." I accept the interpre-
tation that Congress can alone by law suspend the
privileges of this writ, and only then in case of re-
bellion orinvasion,and only in that locality where
the rebellion exists or the invasion extends; and
yet under this authority, which you have twice
shown your willingness to confer upon the Presi-
dent, you authorize him to suspend this writ even
in those Stat<?% where rebellion docs not exist,and
which are not subjected to invasion nor likely to
be subjected to it, thus placing at his entire dis-
posal and under his control the liberties of all the
people, loyal and disloyal, everywhere. Thus,
agam,isanother instance furnished of power steal-
ing from the many to the few; and if the process
is not checked, but allowed quietly and silently
to go on, every safeguard thrown around the lib-
erties of the people will be broken down, and the
one-man power in this country will be the ruling
power, unchecked, unrestrained, by Constitution
or laws.
I acknowledge no necessity which looks to the
establishment of a despotism, either civil or mili-
tary, over this country. Break down the barriers
erected between the legislative, executive,and ju-
dicial departments of* the Government—let the
executivebecome thelaw-makingand law-execut-
ing power, with authority to enter the courts by
the suspension of its writs and the arrest of their
judges—and you will have succeeded, not in re-
storing the Union, but in the establishment of
absolute power in the hands of one man. Let
the reserved rights of the States and the people
be seized upon by violent hands, and Congress
and the President override the sovereignty of the
States, and we no longer have a Union of States,
but a consolidated Government,and the whole sys-
tem of government,as established by ourfathers,
at once overthrown, with but a wreck remain-
ing, and that wreck in the hands of an incom-
petent pilot.
I have referred to the act of January, 1862, au-
thorizing the President to seize and possess him-
self of all railroad and telegraph lines in the Uni-
ted States; the act of 17th July, 1862, authorizing
him to legislate so as to supply deficiencies in the
then existing legislation in regard to the militia;
the act authorizing the system of pet banking
under the authority of the General Government.,
