1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Urns concentrating: the money power virtually in
the hands of the President; the indemnity act, au-
thorizing the President to suspend the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpus, thus taking into his
possession the personal liberty of the citizen, to
show that there must be some point at which
iL would be proper to stop this concentration of
power; that there must be some point at which
the Representatives of the people, who are sup-
posed to be jealous of their rights and liberties,
will stop and pause, and ask themselves the se-
rious question, is it safe, is it prudent, is it wise
to go further in this direction? in my judgment
the time lias long^siuce arrived when these are
not unmeaningquestions; and the history of this
country hereafter to be written will show the im-
portance of their consideration now. The bill
now before the House proposes to place at the
disposal of the President the entire militia force
of all the States, and to authorize him, at any time
between the lstday of July, 18G3, and the 1st day
of July, 1865, to call this entire force into active
service for the period of three years or during the
war, and this through machinery entirely inde-
pendent of State authority or State law, to which
I expectparticularly toadverthefore I getthrough.
The declared purpose in the preamble of the bill
is to suppress insurrection and rebellion against
the authority of the United States.
Now, sir, when a measure of this magnitude is
presented to receive the sanction of Congress, it
becomes the advocates of the bill to demonstrate
its necessity and to show wherein it is necessary,
before they can claim for it support at the hands
of the Representatives of the people. Wherein,
then, exists the necessity for it? Are the present
laws upon the subject-matter of this bill defective ?
If so, what is the defect, and how does this bill
remedy it? Under the laws passed at the extra
session of Congress, as they have been interpret-
ed, the President has exercised the power of call-
ing, as alleged, into the service of the United
States, one million men.* By the act of the 17th
of July, 1862, lie was also authorized to call out
one hundred thousand men for nine months, in
addition to those he was authorized to call into
the service by enactments at the extra session. I
apprehend lhata fairconstruction ol"the law would
authoiize this force to be kept up to the ntandard
of one million men till the summer of 1864. Thts
force is required to be apportioned among the
States according to the population subject to mil-
itary duly. If this force is not adequate to the
accomplishment of the purpose which this bill is
said to be designed to accomplish, 1 do not believe
thai the provisions of this bill will accomplish it.
In my judgment the dangers to be apprehended
from the passage of tins bill are far greater than
any corresponding benefits which ate likely to flow
fiom its adoption.
Is it alleged that the various systems existing
in the various States for the enrollment of the mi-
litia,and fordrafting them when drafting becomes
necessary, are so defective as to require the enact-
ment of such a general law as is proposed in this
biil to lender the system perfect and complete?
Has the President or Secretary of War deemed it
necessary in the present public exigencies to ask
of Congress that the whole militia force of the
United Suites should be placed at their disposal5
1 have heatd of no such request. With all the
vast machinery of the Government now engaged
in issuing paper money from the denomination of
five cents up to $1,000, 1 notice it stated in the
public prints that it can scarcely be issued fast
enough to keep pace with the daily expenditures
of the Government. And if the forces are to
be indefinitely increased at the will and pleasure,
as this bill proposes, of the President, you will
scarcely be able t«> pay them, even with the
$>100,000,000 of additional circulation which will
be aulhuuzed under the bank bill. There is no
man eithernow livmgorwho hasevcr lived upon
whom I would be willing to confer the power
which this bill does confer upon the President.
The first section declares that "ail able-bodied
male citizens between the ages of twenty and forty-
five years shall constitute the national forces,and
shall be liable to perform military duty in the ser-
vice of the United States," when called out by the
President for that purpose.
The eleventh section of the bill provides that all
persons enrolled under it shall be subject for two
years after the 1st day of July succeeding the en-
rollment to be called into the militaiy service of
the United States, and to continue in service for
tinee years or during the war, and shall be placed
on the same footing in alt respeets as volunteers
f. >r three years. Thus the President can enlarge
the military force of-the United States to an in-
definite and unlimited number, except so far as it
is limited and defined by the actual numberof per-
sons liable to do military duty throughout the
entire country. I, for one, am unwilling to confer
this power upon any one man or set of men.
Cut, sir, this is not all of it. This bill looks to
the establishment of mania! law throughout the
entire country, subordinating thecivil to military
authority, the subversion and overthrow of the
State governments, the consolidation of them into
one central organism, and the destruction of the
beautiful system of government devised for us by
our fathers. You build up under it a system of
provost marshals, the grand central head being in
Washington, with his subordinates extending into
every Territory and every district in every State
in the Confederacy. Your Provost Marshal Gen-
eral is charged, tu connection with the Secretary
of Wai, with the making of rules ami regulations
for the government of his subordinates. You pro-
vide for the location of at least one provost mar-
shal in each congressional district, and also for
rwo other appointees in each district, who,acting
in conjunction with the provost marshal, shall
constitute what is called a board of enrollment;
that this board of enrollment shall divide the dis-
trict into sub-districts not exceeding two without
the direction of the Secretary of War, and to ap-
point for each sub-district an enrolling officer,
who shall proceed to enroll the persons subject to
military duty.
The tenure of their offices is unlimited, and, for
aught that appears fiom the face of the bill, they
are to be permanent institutions. The number of
congressional districts in the United States, under
the last apportionment, is two hundred and forty-
one, and as the provisions of the bill provide lor
the apportionment of five persons in each district,
a provost marshal and two other persons, to con-
stitute a board of emollment, and two enrolling
officers in each district, the President would vir-
tually have the power to appoint one thousand two
hundred and five new officers hnberto unknown
to the laws or people of the States. To say noth-
ing of those, he would have the right under this
bill to appoint in the District of Columbia or the
Territories. The^ofiicers can beappomted by the
President without reference to their locality or
places of residence. He could take his provost
marshals from Maine for Massachusetts, or could
take them all from Massachusetts foi the balance
of the Suites. Each provost mai si ml receiving the
pay of a captain of cavalry, which, for the num-
ber to be appointed, would amount to the annual
sum of about four hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, to say nothing of the four other appoint-
ees who are to act m conjunction with him. In
addition to the duty of enrolling those subject to
military duty, this officer is charged with certain
specific, duties; among them, to inquire into and
report to the Provost Marshal General ail treason-
able practices, and peiform such other duties as
the President may prescube, m carrying out the
provisions of this act, Does this mean that the
civil auihortty is to be subdued by the military,
and the guilt of a man charged with treasonable
practices to be passed upon by the Provost Marshal
General, upon testimony taken in a corner by his
subordinate a thousand miles away ? Does it mean
that a system of espionage is to be established all
over the country, and a Star Chamber court estab-
lished at Washington, with one judge, the Pro-
vost Marshal Geneial, responsible only to the
Piesidentr
What are the otherduties referred to in thisaet
to be performed by the provost marshal upon the
order or prescription of tluf President? Make your
law perfect,and do not leave it to be perfected by
the President after you adjourn, who has no more
law-molftng power than one of your judges. Leave
it not for him to say what other duties he shall per-
form other than those which you have specifically
prescribed. Finish upthejob; you are the master-
workmen, and not the President. Is it designed
by this bill to extend maitial law over the militia
of the several States? If so, in the case of Mills
vs. Martin j (19 Johnson,) it has been judicially de-
termined that the militia of the several States are
not subject to martial law unless they are in the
actual service of the United States. Is it intended
i by this bill to override the express provision of
the Constitution reserving to the States respect-
ively the appointment of the oljeers and the au-
thority of training the militia according to the
discipline prescribed by Congress? If u is not
so designed, why confer upon tin; President the
power to appoint this swarm of officers for the
States, and authorize them to perform all the du-
ties which have hitherto been performed through
adjutant generals, who were required, under the
act of 1795, to be appointed in each State by the
Governors thereof, the commanders-in-chief of
the militia of their respective States? If such is
not the intention, where js'tTie provision in this
bill forming the men to be drafted under it into
companies, battalions, and regiments? It is not
to l>e found.
Hut, sir, there is a provision in the bill which
may account for the absence of such a clause and
show the animus of the draughtsman of it. The
thirty-third section declares—
Tliut alt persons drafted u.ider the provisions of this
net shiill be a--i<uie<l hy i'ie pie-id >nt to military duty in
mic!i coip-, regiment*, or other launches of the M:ivicc,tis
the exigencies oi the service may rcquue.
Now, sir, under this section the President can,
if lie desires to do so, prevent the appointment
of a single officer—either company, battalion, or
regimental—in any given State over the men laised
in that State. 1 do not know that such was its
object, but such is its legal < (Feet. You do at least
by indirection what it is perfectly manifest you
cannot do directly. There is an evident attempt
shown in the whole framework of this biil to de-
piive the States of all control of their militia, and
if it becomes a law, this end, if no other, will be
accomplished. The States and the people are
jealous of their rights. What th  y have yielded
and given up m the Federal Constitution they
will most cheerfully stand by and abide. Be
warned, however, whenever you attempt to in-
vade Uie sphere in which thev are just as sov-
eieign as you are in yours. Be slow when you
undertake to deprive them of a power which is
clearly their own, and which they never have
and never will confer upon you.
While ihe people of each State have a justlove
to the Government of all the States making the
American Union, they have an affection for their
home governments which they will not readily
abandon and yield up. While they look to the
Federal Government to protect them from ene-
mies from without, they look to their Slate gov-
ernments to protect them in their persons and
property from enemies in their midst. They ap-
peal to their State courts and State governments
in nine cases out of ten to protect them when as-
sailed either in their rights of person or property.
They collect their debts in them, punish their fel-
ons in them, and redress their wrongs generally
through that medium. You will see the strength
of their affections for their Slate organizations
tested when citizens, arrested and sent out to dis-
tant pi i sons without warrant, seek redress through
the medium of their courts. When the citizen
institutes hiscivil proceeding for damages for false
imprisonment, and the Commonwealth its prose-
cution by indictment for the public offense of kid-
napping a citizen, you will see that the courts will
disregard your legislative patdon which you are
endeavoring to pass in the shape of an indemnity
bill. You have no power to legislate forgiveness
for an offense which if* made so by the constitu-
tional enactment of a State; and the people, while
they recognize this fact, will not be quick to sur-
render up their reserved rights as States into the
general maelstrom which this bill provides.
This feeling is a perfectly natural one. Most
men love their own families better than the fam-
ilies of other men; they love their county better
than any other county, and their State better than
any other State. We are all possessed with this
feeling of State pride, and it constantly manifests
itself on this floor. Let but an insinuation be
made against any State, as was made a few days
ago against the great State of Pennsylvania, and
how quick the resentment of members exhibited
itself! This feeling is not confined to members
of this body, but it exists among the people as
intensely as it is possible to exist here. They
feel that they are indebted to their unexampled
prosperity not alone to the State nor alone to the
