336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
undignified trifling with the subject, to name the
temporary premium on gold, at the most feverish
stage of a panic which lasted only for a few days,
in comparison with the lowest premium it bore
during the subsequent revulsion, to prove that no
great redundancy of currency exists. The last
quotation shows that gold is now at a premium
of at least forty-eight per cent. His financial
system had, at the time of which he speaks,
brought gold from par to a premium of at least
thirty per cent.; and the general rule, not the
ephemeral change, supplied the true philosophy
and moral of the occasion. In monetary affairs,
as in physical nature, we measure events by the
progress of the tide—not by the little changes of
the rising and receding ripples; and the price of
gold, stationary for some months at thirty or
thirty-two per cent., and now risen by'gradual
degrees to forty-three and one half per cent., fur-
nishes the correct index. My reason for stating
these facts, which are or should be familiar to us
all, is, that they are contradicted by the highest
nancial authority in the country.
The circulation of the banks in the loyal States
was expanded during the year intervening between
the first days of November, in 1861 and 1862, from
$130,000,000 to $167,000,000; and the volume of
deposits, practically answering mnny of the pur-
poses of circulation, increased from ^264,000,000
to $344,000,000. A corresponding stimulus was
naturally given to loans. This increase took place,
as the Secretary justly obsoivcs, chiefly within
the last seven months of that year; the peiiod dur-
ing which the enactment of jaws creating legal
tender came most fully into operation.
All, or nearly all,thisexpansion of credit, with
its enormous increase of nominal values, has been
produced by the pernicious system of legal tender.
These notes, being less valuable than specie, would
have produced a run upon the banks; against which
they could not have maintained themselves. They
must continue a suspension of specie payments
in order to avoid ruin, and by the national legis-
lation were thus practically absolved fiom the
great balance-wheel or principle of their system,
the obligation to perform their contracts and k< ep
their promises to pay. As a natural consequence
they followed the example of the Government, and
issued an increased amount of paper money.
Conjointly with these causes and the increase of
nominal value requiring more " money" to trans-
act the same amount of business, arose, necessa-
rily, an increase in the amount of loans and de-
posits. It was foreseen by all men of common
intelligence as to financial affairs, that the whole
chain of these events must be produced by the
financial policy of the Treasury.
I have shown that we already experience a por-
tion of those pernicious effects which the universal
experience of mankind has shown must follow
from the enactment of laws compelling men to re-
ceive pieces of paper as money without providing
for their redemption in specie, and that prices of
all kinds are inflated. The merchant and eon-
tractor in making sales or agreements charge profit
not only on the actual value of the articles they
furnish, but on its value in paper money. The
Government, at the present time, pays for all it
uses a premium of at least forty or lift v per cent,
above its actual value, equivalent, in eflect, to a
corresponding depreciation in our national sccun-
ties.
The dealer who, a few months ago, sold his
goods at a fair profit on lime, finds himself when
he is paid unable to replace his stock. From the un-
certainty attending the future, business is thrown
moie and more into the hands of the few who are
able to buy and Ml for cash. The country is suf-
fering from the demoralizing effects of financial
doubt and uncertainty, already so great that or-
dinary mercantile investments are losing their le-
gitimate character of efforts to supply the demands
of the people, and are becoming guesses ot chances
like those in a lottery—dependent upon the un-
known and secret will of the officers and advisers
of the Government, and the iniluence they exert
in the price of that which is given and received
as the .standard of value. The i  lation between
debtor and creditor on all previously existing pe-
cuniary contracts has been arbitrarily changed.
Each merchant, jobber, and retailor, charging- a
percentage on the increased price of the article
which passes through his hands, the continued and
progressive accumulation of prices, presses with
peculiar hardship and severity upon the laboring
man, whose wages, in times like these, are the last
of ail things to rise. The clerk who has agreed
to work for a salary, and has arranged his expenses
in accordance with his means, finds himself unex-
pectedly, and from no fault of his own, unable to
meet his daily expenses. The family of him who
has spared from his income a small sum for life-
insurance, finds the result of his hard earnings
reduced by these deplorable laws, upon the death
of the father, more than one third, nearly one half
of the juot amount. By the practice of constant
economy, the parent of many virtues, numerous
day-laborers, and other persons have deposited in
savings5 banks a sum estimated as amounting to
at least $250,000,000 in the free States. The de-
preciation m these frugal savings of the most indus-
trious classes is already more than §100,000,000.
It contrasts strangely with the sums realized by
fraudulentcontractors, and with the enormous for-
tunes made by the speculators who know before-
hand the intentions of the Administration. The
motive for industry and economy is thus impaired
among one of the most deserving classes of the
people, by abusing their confidence and destroy-
ing their sense of security. The State fares ill,
indeed, when favorites thus flourish; when the in-
dustrious are deprived of their earnings by the
Government which should protect them, and the
idle and rapacious are enriched from the spoils of
the better part of the community.
The soldier and sailor of the regular Army and
Navy, together with those who, in the hour of our
pen], have nobly come forward to give their lives,
if need be, to the service of then country, thus
lose nearly half of their pay, by the act of that Ad-
ministration whose commands they loyally obey,
however repugnant the ruling policy may be to
their convictions regauling the welfare and true
honor of the nation. Where men enlisted under
a stipulation that their joay should be thirteen
dollars, they receive considerable less than eight
dollars m actual value. Pensions for the maimed
and wounded are reduced in the same proportion,
lie who dies upon the field, and leaves behind him
a widow and orphan children depending upon the
bounty of his country, whose giatitude he so well
merits, and in whom he had confided with the
proud love of his heart, knows that the cold char-
ity of a pension thus unjustly diminished is all
that will be doled out to them; but he knows not
what will be the end of these curtailments now
already so far advanced.
I leave the legal questions arising as to the ob-
ligations of contracts and the consistency or con-
flicts of recent enactments with the Constitution
of our country, to be decided in those courts of law
where, I trust, the zeal and blindness of party
strife and politics may never enter. My purpose
in this place at present is to discuss the tendency
and effect of laws—not their constitutionality.
The results I have named foilow naturally from
the principle of what is called "legal tender,"
in pursuance of laws as unchangeable as those of
arithmeticorgravitation. We may make whatever
laws we choose, and flatter ourselves and the people
that Nature herself will yield to the warmth of our
desires and the force of our enactments; but real
value, like truth itself, which in reality it is, will ir-
repi essibly assert its power. The stoi y related of
the Saxon king, Canute, who, being told by his
courtiers that the waves themselves would obey
him, placed his chair near and in front of the rising
tide, and called his sycophants around him, has
been frequently applied to other monarchs and
other flatterer*. It is no Jess true of those who,
from motives of personal ambition, or in the vain
puisuit of an imaginary public good, endeavor to
delude the people into a vain hope that we can
successfully contend against the laws of trade and
finance. Histoiieal precedents in proof of this
assertion are numerous. The volume of the cur-
rency of the rebellious government at Richmond
hps mcieased so rapidly that gold is said to com-
mand, at least, a premium of one hundred and
fifty per cent.; and the contractors for the supplies
of the rebel army have agreed among themselves
to make no contract with that government for
more than one week in advance.
The paper money of France, known as assig-
nats, during the great expansion of the currency
was made a legal tender, and the French Govern-
ment of that day punished with death those who
refused to take the paper atits nominal value. The
result was a deplorable disturbance in every kind
of exchange. There was not, there never can be,
any practical law determiningpriccsbetween buy-
er and seller; andall who made new bargains eva-
sively refused to take the depreciated money in
payment, unless they received double or trebU
prices, according to the degree of depreciation.
Nearly all creditors were ruined, because they
were obliged to accept a value merely nominal.
Yet this form of legal tender was secured by real
estate—or rather was fundable in land—but, be-
ing wanted more as currency than for investment,
became depreciated, and the Government, to sup-
ply the loss sustained by the deficiency, frequent-
ly increased the issue, until it became worthless.
It is instructive to observe how the issue of as-
signals was enlarged to suit the appetite of the
times. From one half of its nominal value it be-
came worth one sixth, and, the fiction rapidly
tumbling down the abyss, I find it recorded that
silver became worth one hundred and fifty times
its denomination in paper before the assignats were
regarded ns absolutely worthless. At last, by
common consent, the people returned to a metallic
cuirenc.y. ^
Examples of this kind have not been wanting
in our own country. Already we find each dollar
of the Government money is worth less than sixty
cents in hard cash. Thomas Jefferson, when writ-
ing from Paris in 1786 to M. de Crevecoaur, re-
cords the worth of one hard dollar both in conti-
nental and Virginia money, in 1779 and 1780.
He reminds us that in January, 1777, seven dol-
lars and twenty-two cents of continental money
were worth no more than one dollar of silver, and
that in fifteen months it needed no less than forty
dollars to procure the same silver dollar. Iu Jan-
uary, 1779, one hard dollar was worth eight dol-
lars of Virginia money; and in December, 1780, it
needed seventy-five dollars of the same paper cur-
rency to purchase one substantial or real dollar.
The State of Connecticut by an act passed Oc-
tober 4, 1780, regulating the " redemption of ob-
ligations," showed the fluctuations of the paper
issue of that time, between 1777, and 1780, by the
following scale:
Sept. ], 1777 £100 paper money passed for $100 specie.
Oct. 1,17/7 109 " « 100 44
Nov. 1, 1777 131 « 100
Dec. 1,1777 133 " " '100
Dec. 1, 1779 2,597 " « 100 a
Jan. 1, 1780 -2,932 kt « 100 "
Ff-1 . 1. 17S0 . ..3,333 " " 100 "
March 1, 1780...3,73-3 " " 100 te
March IS, 17b0..4,000 " " 100 "
It is unnecessary to follow this portion of the
subject further.
In some form or other the juggling legerdemain
of debasing the currency of the country has been
a favorite remedy with short-sighted statesmen
of every nation, ancient or modern, when unable
to meet its engagements promptly. The Romans,
at the end of the first Punic war, raised two ounces
of copper to the same denomination as they pre-
viously expressed by their legal standard oftwelve
ounces, thus enabling that republic to pay its great
debts with one sixth of the real amount. So much
embarrassed and burdened with debt were the
masses of the citizens that the change was popu-
lar. It is the first step that is dangerous. As with
our first issue of paper money, it led to a second
and a third. During the next Punic war the same
coin was reduced from two ounces to one, and
afterward to half an ounce, being only one twenty-
fourth part of its original value, or little more than
four cents on the dollar, estimated in the money
of the United States. In the reigns of Henry VIII
and Edward VI in England, and in Scotland also
during the minority of James VI, a fraudulent
adulteration of the national coin was practiced.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommends the
reduction of the value of the five dollar gold piece
to that of the British sovereign, or about $4 84,
the usual price of that coin in New York. This
carried into our other national coins, would lower
the permanent value of the currency by rather
more than three per cent., and is to that exten t a.n
injury to the public creditor, and an arbitrary and
unjustinvasion upon the transactions of private or
personal business. But this is insignificant in com-
parison with the depreciation which has already
inflicted a lasting stigma upon the public honor,
under the name or guise of paper dollars or legal
tender, now already at a discount of forty-eight
percent. I prefer a frank and open depreciation to
