0 i'fi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
■ «    ' I I I ■ ,1,1!! I r'fll'.;,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY' JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON/Bl
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 17; 1863.
New Series..... No.:
.1 ■! i ! i hit 11 i hi. , ' , 11
dividual are overdue, and he refuses tojmythemy
except by giving his notes, and persists-
nitely upon this method of transacting business,'
his creditors take whatever they eat) get in reader
pay, rather than his bonds at longdated- Y:ee,J
considering the boundless resources of the n^tidttif
and the large sums accumulated by favorites Q?
the Government, the public may be surprised? t&
learn that the plan should have failed So signa-Hy*
as wns stated by m#" honorable colleague *v?ho
addressed the House on Monday. He. tol4 us,
that—
"The Secretary hat; paid out nearly ,<$250,000,000 legal
teudfi note*, being fill that In* wa-s authorised to i*>ue; and
uotwiih^fandina; he h.i*. had authorii y for the hv?t ten mouths
to sell.$oOO.OOO,000 of five-twenty six percent, bonds at the
market price, he has only disposed- of about $2o,00&,000,
and has still authority to sell $475,000,000 at the market
price, aod take his pay for them in legal tender notes."
We have arrivedat this stage of embarrassment.
Money has been made as " abundant" as the ad-
vocates of the scheme asked, hut men are daily
buying real estate and personal property of nearly
all kinds in preference to national securities at th©
proposed rate of interest. Many of those who have
already invested in national stocks are anxious
to sell them, and prefer holding other property
Nearly all kinds of bond and share securities have
risen in price, following the course of gold, with
the ominous and prominent exception of Treas-
ury paper and Government stocks, which are sold
lower for " legal tender" than when gold was at
a premium of one hundred and thirty or one hun-
dred and thirty-two per cent. Yet those whose
errors have brought this trouble upon us hold the
poisoned chalice too.ur lips, and ask the nation to
drink its contents to the dregs.
The Admiuistiation, having in its control the
vast resources of the property and cieditof the
United States, possessed ample power to maintain
public confidence and raise all needful sums, if,
instead of authorizing the first issue of Treasury
notes, it had boldly entered the money aarket,
and adopted prompt measures of taxation, which,
however odious, would have been cheerfully
borne, in the hope of vindicating the gre&t prin-
ciple of self-government by the people. Unfor-
tunately, there has been a grave and important
departure from this financial course, involving a
loss of unity of opinion as to the best moans of
terminating honorably the present fratricidal war
between the two sections of our count! y. In
avoiding taxation until it could not be deferred
longer, and in producing that hopeful excitement
which is always caused by a large increase of the
currency, they avoided much that would have
broughtcalm reflection to the public mind. Nearly
a year ago I introduced a motion in favor of pro-
viding Congress and the country with more fre-
quent statements of the receipts and disburse-
ments of the Government. The efforts of those
who were interested in the expenditure of the
public money were not counterbalanced by the
exertions of Lhose from whom the public taxation
must be collected. Fuel was thus added to the
flame of popular excitement, producing results
favorable to the opinions of those who were de-
sirous of interfering with the local institutions of
the South, and were unwilling ro trust the great
and difficult problem of thu races to the gradual
and amehoiatin^ influences ot tune, by which
Providence works out its beneficcntchan^es with-
out injury to mankind. In vaindid the President
in Ins lust message tender advice in the words he
has Ian ly r« iterated—
" Suppose you go to war, you cannot fiiiht always? and
when, a.ter much Uv-s on both -ide^, aod no gain on either,
you cea- e fiiflitm", the identical old question*, a  to terms
of intercourse, :m- n^.vni upon you."
Tin; party by which he was chiefly supporied
raised new and unnecessary questions, making the
war entirely one for the triumph of conquest and
of arms, or—as some have even gone so tar in this
flomse as to assert—of extermination. We reap a
plentiful harvest ofdebt,desolation,and death hom
the seed they have sown. I do not envy th< m the
ternpoiary popularity and fading laurels thus wun
by the rum of our country. The history of these
an evasive system which keeps the promise " to the
ear, and breaks it to the sense."
It is in vain to affirm that gold has risen, but
that paper money has not fallen. The man who
is in a sinking boat might as well say that the
water is rising, and that his boat is stationary.
Let him, if he is not out of sujht of land, not yet
engulfed above his eyes, look at the shore,
while he can, and sec whether the water is flood-
ing its banks. The markets of the world, where
we sell our products, and buy many articles in
return, are the true landmarks as to the value of
our currency, and they are and must be, as I have
already shown, faithfully indicated by the rise
qnd fall 6f the precious metals.
1 am opposed to all these schemes for pretended
payment. One law practically prevails with re-
Jpard to national bonds when they amount to mil-
lions, and another as to indigent creditors. Om
honor is implicated in the faithful performance
of all our contracts, but, if any distinction must
be made, it is far more deeply concerned in pay-
ing to the utmost fraction the wages of the soldier,
who has won them on the field by his sweat and
blood, the peril of his life and limb, than by pay-
ing the richer creditor in coin, and depriving our
faithful defenders of nearly one half of their well-
deserved earnings.
If, by our enactments, we have made less than
sixty cents of hard money already puss for one
dollai, on what principle arc we debarred from
going further in the same direction? There arc
men who cannot perceive the importance of truth
and integrity until they themselves individually
feel substantial retribution for their offenses, and
the results of their rash and headlong policy are
fully accomplished. The prudentcapitalists who
are already, to a very consuleiable extent, seek-
ing other investments m preference to national
stocks, ask—and let those who initiated this policy
answer this question if they can—wliy, if we have
already reduced our debt fiom one hundred to
less than si^tty cents on the dollar m hard money,
we may not reduce it to fifty cents or any other
amount that we choose; and why, if we thus treat
the poor, who are many, and for the time being are
unmfluential and forgotten, w * may not m pro-
cess of time pay the fewer and richer creditors
in a legal tender yet more debased or depreciated.
The confidence of the people in the Government
idfeelf decreases, and the facilities for negotiating
loans are diminished. I prefer an avowed con-
fession of the financial weakness of the Treasury
to a course like this, pernicious in itself, and al-
ready made palpably plain to every public cred-
itor and to every man throughout the country
who pays the common expenses of maintaining
himself and is not blinded by the bigotry of party
spirit.
I have heard, with pain, the honorable mem-
ber who occupies the position of chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means expiess in this
House views still more at variance than those of
the Secretary of the Treasury with the principles
of sound finance and statesmanship. He advo-
cates the adoption of a circulation of paper money
amounting to $600,000,000, and in face of the in-
flation of prices, which he recognizes, says that
this amount is requited by the business of the
country.
On the 1st day of January, 1857, the circulation
of all the banks of the United States, including
those now in rebellion, was §214,773,822, a laiget
amount than it ever befoie attained. 13ut the ex-
pansion of the currency, followed by the commer-
cial crisis and numerous failures of that year, s;ave
us a circulation only little more than the third
of the paper now proposed. As the expansion
of 1857 was followed by the commercial disasters
of the same y<ar, so also the increase of paper
money in 1837, when, on the 1st day of January,
it was $149,185,890, or about £50,000,000 more
than $94,3!?y,570, its amount on January 1, 1834,
was followed by the wide-spread and well-remem-
bered disasters of 1837.
I have named these sums thus minutely because
we are now accustomed to talk so thoughtlessly
9.9 '
of more enormous amounts than were ever before
in the same length of time spent, by any nation,
that we are apt to forget the real magnitude of the
questions we discuss. The addition to the na-
tional debt of Great Britain by the Crimean war
is stated to have been §200,000,000; and the whole
amount expended by the same country in vain
efforts to letain the United States as colonies was
less than $675,000,000; while at the present time
the aggregate we are required to raise for the
appropriations of the next eighteen months is
$1,646,634,315. But the chief lesson taught by
the disasters of 1837 and 1857, is the inseparable
connection between all violent and sudden expan-
sions of the circulating medium with feverish,
eager, and undue speculation, succeeded by the
invariable debility and collapse of the commercial
system. This is historically true; and no unusual
knowledge of human nature is needed to trace the
relation of cause and effctbetween the two events.
Debtors are easily emancipated from their en-
gagements. Owners of real and personal property
are alike, for a time, elated by the nominally ex-
travagantprices they obtain. No two epochs can
be precisely alike, and thus the lessons of the
past are spumed in the passion of the present
moment. All hasten to make new investments;
and the bubble grows larger. Nearly all admit
the approach of the impending storm, but fancy
themselves too wise or too dexterous to be in-
volved in the ruin which they see must soon over-
take the community.
The policy supported by the honorable member
has set the ball in motion. He now proposes to
" protect the people" from what he terms " their
own eager speculations," by increasing the size
and accelerating the speed of the avalanche he has
stalled; and he complacently declares, to use his
own words, that when " their unregulated enter-
prise," which has been deprived of its natural and
salutary checks by'the system of legal tender,
" has brought them to general bankruptcy," he
"shall have the satisfaction of knowing that he
attempted to prevent it."
The " hand writing on the wall," foretelling the
ruinous condition to which the financial policy of
the"Administration is bringing us, is everywheie
visible, and he who runs may read it.
I will not do so much injustice to the intelli-
gence of those gentlemen whose counsels have
ruled in the affairs of the nation as to intimate that
their own judgments, apart from extraneous polit-
ical causes, approved of the course they have pur-
sued. Considered as questions of revenue and
finance alone, they must long ago have regretted,
as they will ever in the future deplore their long-
continued procrastination, their timid delay m
measures of taxation and finance, resulting at last
m a determination to rush through Congress, with
hot and desperate haste, the enactment of fictitious
currency, upon a plea of t he immi d late and press-
ing neci ssity which the accumulated evils ot long-
continued errois have created. They hoped, by
" making money abundant" and depreciating its
value, to make men invest in national stocks. The
notes of an individual are in good esteem when he
is chaiy of his credit and uses it seldom. When
he issues them in unlimited number people become
suspicious. In the same way the immense issues
of paper money, injuring the credit of the Gov-
ernment, have tended to prevent capitalists, who
are proverbially timid, from puichasmg Govern-
ment securities. The same rules apply to individ-
uals and nations alike; and yet the gentlemen to
whom 1 refer would spurn in theirpersonal affairs
the plan they have forced upon the country, of
enlarging purchases and thus driving cteditors
into a compromise. There is no real distinction
between the two cases. ,
If the party in power had applied to the affairs
of state the sound principles of common sense
they know to be correct in private life, the nation
would have been safi ; but bewildered by the mag-
nitude of the subject, and intoxicated by the pos-
session of new-born power, they rushed into
financial schemes at which the wotld wonders.
Who docs not know that when the debts of an in-
