1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
UfS.
Federal Government. They HtI tluit while the
Federal Government has nffoidi d iln-m protection
abroad, ilx ir Slate governments have afforded
them protection in their internal, domestic pur-
suits. Ilenco it is that it was well said in the
other end of the Capitol, in discussing this subject,
" Go not i*>o far in trampling upon the rights of
the States."
Mr. OL1N obtained the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr.HOLMAN I make the point oforderthat
the gentleman from New York has already been
heard on this bill.
The SPEAKER tempore. There is a mo-
tion to adjourn pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, I wish it understood
that I claim the floor on tin- ground that the gen-
tleman from New York has already been heard
on tins bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Siianks's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to; and theieupon (at
twenty-five minutes after eleven o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 25, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless there is some neces-
sity that I cannot perceive, I move that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
EXKCUTIVK COMMUNICATION.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore iaid before the
Senate a letter oi the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to Jaw, the accounts
of the superintendent of Indian affairs for the
southern superintendency, of disbursements made
during the fouith quarter of 1862 for the benefit
of certain Indian tribes; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
VETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY picscnted a memorial of the
Milwaukie and Rock River Canal Company, re-
monstrating against the payment to the State of
W isconsin of the five per cent, fund which has ac-
cumulated on sales of public lands in that State until
the claims of the memorialists against the Stale
and against the United States, under the act ap-
piovetj June. 18, 1838, granting aid for the con-
struction of the canal of the company shall have
been investigated and settled; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr.TEN EYCK. I present a petition of about
five hundred citizens of the United States asking
Congress to appropriate the sum of §15,000, or
such other sum as they may deem proper, for the
completion of a direct road leading from the city
of Alexandria to the tomb of Washington. I will
simply say that at the commencement of this re-
bellion there was a very fine road, with expensive
bridges, constructed between those two places.
When the so-called confederates left they burned
the bridges. Since that time the road has been
used by our troops and wagons in transporting
goods backwards and forwards. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of W iseonsm, in favor of a grant of land in
aid of the consti uction of a wagon road from Cop-
per Harbor. Michigan, to Appleton, Wisconsin;
which were ordered to be on the table.
Mr. HOW E presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, recommending a reduction
of the duty on paper; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. POWELL presented resolutionsof the Le-
gislature of Kentucky, in favor of payment of
tolls to that State on her slack-water navigation,
turnpike roads, and bridges, wheiethesame have
been used for the transportation of troops, forage,
or army stores; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico* praying for the construction of a military
road from the Rio Grande to western Arizona;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico, pray-
ing that provision may bo made for the redemp-
tion of Indian captives held in servitude in that
Territory, and their return to their respective
tribes, agreeably to the. provisions of the act,
approved June 10, 1862, "to secure freedom to
all persons within the Territories of the United
States;'' which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislative
Assembly of theTerritory of New Mexico, accept-
ing tin; grant of land foragricultural and mechan-
ical colleges, agreeably to the provisions of the act
of Congress approved July 2, 1862; which were
ordered to lie on the table,and be printed.
llEPOKTS l'UOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Allans, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them adversely, and on his motion they
wete indefinitely postponed:
A bill (S. No. 401) to repeal anactentitled "An
act to establish and equalize the grades of line of-
ficers of ihe United States Navy."
A bill (S. No. 453) to repeal so much of an net
entitled "An act to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July 16, 1862,ns authorizes the appoint-
ment of rear admirals and commodores on the re-
tired list.
A bill (S. No. 491) for the relief of certain clerks
in the Kiltery and Philadelphia navy-yards.
Mr. II ARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
566) for the relief of Henry A. Brigham, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 562) to facilitate the
taking of depositions within the United States, to
be used in the courts of other countries, and for
other purposes, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
Dish tct of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 712) to incorporate St. Ann's In-
fant Asylum in the District of Columbia, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 622) for the relief of Francis Dainesc, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
HOLDING OF COURTS.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the amendment of the
House of Representatives to Senate bill No. 494,
to give greater efficiency to the judicial system of
the United States, have instructed me to repot t it
back with a recommendation that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives. As the bill is of some importance,
I Hhk that the question upon non-concurrence be
taken at the present time.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etueridgk, its Clerk, announced thatthe
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tion; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 290) for the roliefof Thomas
Young and George Young, owners of the schooner
Elizabeth Mary;
A bill (LI. R. No. 536) for the relief of Hanni-
bal Graham;
A bill (11. R.No.G3«>) making appropriation for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the. Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1864, and for the year 1863, and for other
purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 699) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Herman Tuerck; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) authorizing
the Navy Department to allow to .Paymaster Gil-
bert E. Thornton, $4,500 in settlement of his ac-
counts, for money stolen from him without fault or
negligence on Ins part.
BHBVET RANK.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up Senate
bill No. 540, to authorize the breveuing of volun-
teer and other officers in the United States service.
It is a short bill of one section, which will pass
in a minute without discussion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, it proposes to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to confer brevet rank
upon such commissioned officers of the volunteer
and other forces in the United States service as
have been, or may heieafter be, distinguished by
gallantactionsor meritorious conduct; which rank
shall not entitle them to any increase of pay or
emoluments.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICII
Mr. COWAN. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders and take up House bill No. 365.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (II. R. No. 365) to amend an act
entitled " An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts" was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the bill by
an additional section. When the bill was reported
by the Committee on Patents it was intended that
the section which I now propose should be part
of it, but by some inadvertence, perhaps of the
printer, it was left out. 1 ask that it be amended
by adding as an additional section—
Jind be it further e acfcrf,That cveiy patent shall be dated
ax of «i day not later than mx months after the time at which
it was prised and allowed, and notice theieof sent to the
applicant or ln> agent; and if the final fee for such patent
be not paid within said six month* the patentsball be with-
held and the invention therein described shall become pub-
lic properly as against the applicant therefor: Provided,
That in ail cases where patent* have been allowed previous
to the passage of this act, the said six months shall be reck-
oned Iroin the date of such passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill to be read a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill has not been
r<>ad, and 1 do not know what is in it. I should
like to bear it mid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been read ayd considered and amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL, it lias not been read this
morning.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. Ithasnotbeen
read this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not a long bill, I
should like to hear it read.
Mr. LATHAM. The bill has been read before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been read in due course, but it is proper to read it
again, as it has not been up for some time; and it
will be read as amended.
The Secretary read the amended bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, That £0 much of section seven of the
act entitled u An act to promote the progress of the useful
art*," approved 4, 1836, a-* requires a renewal of the
oath, be. and thc-ameis heieby, icpealed.
See 2. Jlnd heitjuilher enaded, That whereas the fall-
ing olf of the revenue of the Patent Office required a reduc-
tion of the compensation of the examiners and cleiks or
other cmplo.v&s in the office after the 31st day of August,
1861, that the Commissioner ot Patents be, and he is hereby,
authorised, whenever the revenue ol the office will justify
him in so doing, to pay them such Minis, in addition to
what they Miall have already icceived, as will make their
compensation the fame as it wa«> at tint time.
*.] <1 he it farther enacted, Tnat every patent (-hall be dated
a> of a day not later than six month*- alter the tune at which
it was passed and allowed, and notice thereof sent to the
applicant oi ins agent; and if the final fee for such parent
be not paid within saulstx months the patent shall be with-
held and the invention therein described shall become pub-
lic property as against the applicant therefor: Provided,
That in all case*- where patents have been allowed previcua
to the parage of this act, the said six months shall be reck-
oned fiom the date ofs>uch passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the necessity
for the second section as it is in the amended bill.
If I understand that section, it provides that where-
as the clciks or employes in the Patent Office have
had their compensation diminished inconsequence
of the falling off of the business, now therefore it
is enacted that when the business will justify it,
their compensation shall be as heretofore. It
would be so without this bill. What is the object
