338
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
fin&ftciers will be like that of John Law, the cele-
brated banker, who once wielded the chief power
in France. Says M. Thiers:
" His fate was that which may be supposed to lmvc over-
taken the first adventurous boatman who rowed from Lake
Erie to Ontario. Broad and smooth was the j iver on which
ire embarked; rapid and pleasant was bis progress; and
who was to stay him in his career ? Alas, tor him! The
cataract was nigh. He saw when it was too late that the
tide which wafted him joyously along was the tide of
destruction; arid when he endeavored to retrace his way,
he found that the current was too strong for his weak efforts
to stfm, and that Ho dr«vv nearer every instant to the tre-
mendous falls. Down lie went over the sharp rocks, and
tin* waters with hun. He was dashed to pieces with his
bark; but the waters, maddened and turned to foam by the
rough descent,only boiled and bubbled for a time, and then
flowed on again as smoothly as ever."
While my chief object at {^resent is to enter my
earnest remonstrance against an increase of legal
tender paper, and ask attention to the importance
and necessity of arresting the inflation which is
now going on so rapidly, it would be unjust to
refrain from reference to the measures of relief
which are demanded by the exigencies of the
country.
My earnest desire is, and always has been, to
furnish the Government with every resource and
power necessary to the repression of the rebel-
lion. Prom my solicitude for the reestablishment
of the Republic, I desire to avert any increase
of such paper money as is now in use, knowing
how injuriously it aifects public confidence, en-
larges expenditures by raising prices, lulls the
public mind into a sense .of false security, and
lessens the vigilance which prevents fraud.
It seems to me that the country requires rather
less than more of the circulating medium; and yet
the attempt to enforce a speedy reduction either by
immediate resumption of specie payments, or by
legislative enactments for the restriction of bank
credit, would produce serious disasters. Taxation
of the banks will, I believe, tend to throw upon
the market the State stocks and mortgages held
by them as a basis for circulation—pressing hard
uf5on the credit of Statesand individuals, leading
to (he withdrawal of banking capital, and curtail-
ing the usual accommodations to manufacturing
and commercial interests throughout the country.
Gentlemen for whom I entertain much respect
are desirous of substituting the legal tender of the
United States for the bank notes of the States in-
dividually, and think they have found a cure for
our financial troubles. The whole paper circula-
tion of the loyal States, as computed by my hon-
orable colleague, is $166,600,000—a trifle in com-
parison with $1,646,634,315 15, the amount weare
called upon to raise for the next eighteen months.
We are asked to derange our commercial and in-
dustrial systems throughout the whole country;
submit our State institutions to a central author-
it y, and t he bin den will remain, pi ac ticaliy, almost
undiminished. The whole cuculation of the loyal
States is only about one tenth of $1,646,634,315 15,
the minimum amount now computed to be ne-
cessary for the maintenance of our "credit and
our Army and Navy during the next eighteen
months. I regret the rejection of advice heretofore
tendered to the Government, to issue small notes
bearing interest, so as to prevent their becoming
current money. Interest has been saved, but at
the cost of increased outlay and disaster. These
notes, made payable in long loans, would not have
had much influence on prices. More reliance
should have been placed,and should yet be placed,
upon the sale of public stocks at seven and three
tenths, or, at least, a higher rate than six per cent.,
in every favorable state of the money market. It
is a problem difficult of solution whether it will
be better for the Government to raise money tem-
porarily by establishing a system of deposits in
New York, bysellingseven and three tenths bonds
on shoit iime, or by what other means, except
those of legal tenders, which we have already tried
and found ruinous.
In my opinion, Government might by these
plans steadily absorb much of the available cap-
ital of the country, without the sacrifices in-
volved in a continuation of the legal tender issues;
Out the case is fuil of the utmost danger to the'
nation. It presents the most solemn responsibil- '
ities for the Secretary of theTreasury,and I should
yet rejoice to see a commission appointed to in-
quire, with his cooperation, into the best method
of arranging our financial affairs. It would be a
pari <ifthe dutyofpuch commissioners to call before
them, without any difference of party, the mo§t
wise anjl distinguished bankers, and commercial
men of extended experience, thus avoiding the
odium and partialities which it is difficult to sep-
arate from private conferences.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, the bill now
before the committee proposes to raise a large
amount of funds on the credit of the Government
for the prosecut-ion of the war now in progress.
But why on credit? Obviously because the ex-
penditures involved in a contest so vast cannot be
met in any other way. No ordinary means of
raising a revenue by duties and imports would be
found sufficient to meet a great emergency like the
present; therefore, this is the legitimateand proper
course of action, and there is nothing in it derog-
atory to our national character, or humiliating to
the Government. Indeed, such has been the es-
tablished policy of all Governments since the Eng-
lish revolution of 1688. That event, so important
in its effects as a great political revolution, re-
sulted in an equally great and remarkable financial
revolution, upto thatperiod, wars had been car-
ried on mostly by the immediate contributions of
the people, often extorted by arbitrary and unjust
measures; but such was now the condition of the
people, and such the enlarged powers of the House
of Commons, that such modes of raising a reve-
nue could no longer be resorted to; and hence the
great change that at once took place.
The first consisted in the establishment of the
funding system. Prior to this there had been no
established system of managingthe public funds,
and the obligations which, to a limited extent,
were often made by the monarch or Parliament,
were of the most vague and uncertain character.
Now the system of issuing stocks bearing a
fixed rate of interest, payable promptly at speci-
fied periods, was inaugurated, and funds set apart,
pledged to such payment. This altered the face
of things astonishingly, and thecreditof the Gov-
ernment, instead of being, as before, the worst,
came to be regarded as the best and most reliable.
Another important measure adopted in connec-
tion with the funding system was the establish-
ment of a national bank, all of whose capital was
loaned to the Government. This bank was em-
ployed to pay the dividends on the national stocks,
m addition to which it loaned its credit, for it had
nothing else to lend, to the Government and the
merchants.
And now, as a permanent source of revenue was
wanted in order to insure the payment of the.in-
terest on the national debt, a system of taxation,
mostly indirect, was introduced,by which the pub-
lic buidens were in a great measure transferred
from capital to labor, from the large property hold-
ers to the groat body of consumers. Thus was
completed the great trio of funding, banking, and
taxation, which have ever since constituted not
only the financial system of England, but all other
civilized nations. It is that essentially u pon which
we are now called to act. We have before us the
general system, and the question is, how can it
be most advantageously used > The bill under
consideration presents the subject in the most
complex form and in all its bearings. It proposes
measures of finance, currency, and taxation. This
makes the consideration oi'this bill a very difficult
and delicate matter. It presents to us no less than
seven distinct propositions:
1. An issue of bonds.
2. An issueofinterest-bearingcirculatin^notes,
receivable for all Government dues except cus-
toms.
3. An issue of legal tender notes, known in
common parlance as greenbacks.
4. The issue of notes for fractional parts of a
dollar, to take the place of the postal currency
now in use.
5. Provides for deposits of bullion in the public
Treasury, ad libitum.
6. To tax the banks of chculation.
7. A proposition that the public funds may be
deposited m these same banks at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
These are the several propositions I propose to
consider seriatim.
The first section of this bill authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to borrow $900,000,000 on
{he credit of the United States, and to issue there-
for coupon or registered bonds, having twenty
years to rjn, and bearing six per cent, interest.
Thi« is a nKin proposition, a legitimate mode of
raising funds, and I gee but a single objection,
and that is that these bonds are not to be sold at
" less than par." I do not think that a wise pro-
vision. The Government should come into the
market, like any other boi rower, to raise money
on its credit on the best terms it can.
The next section provides for the issue of
$300,000,000 of United States notes, bearing in-
terest at the rate of one and a half cent per day
on $100, or 5.47g percent., payable in three years
after date, at the pleasure of the Government, in-
terest semi-annually, in coin; the bonds to be of
such denominations as the Secietary may deem
expedient, not less than ten dollars. No name is
given to this description of issues; but I suppose
they may be termed Treasury notes. But, what-
ever they may be called, it is evident they are of
a mixed character, being in part of the nature of
bonds or loans to Government, and in part cur-
rency, or that which is to perform the functions
of money. But regarded in either character, they
do not, as I think, precisely meet the necessities
of the present moment.
In the first place, sir, I do not like the rate of in-
terest. It is an unnatural one, one that the masse%
of the people are not accustomed to, and less than
the legal interest of any State in the Union. The
rate should be six per cent. That is a rate with
which all are familiar, and easily computed, as it
is one half per cent, per month.
Then, again, sir, the idea of paying interest on
a ten dollar note semi-annually seems absurd.
What voucher is to be given for the interest?
Nothing is said about coupons. How then can
the interest be paid except by an indorsement on
the back of the note ? Perhaps, however, the hon-
orable gentleman who introduced this bill can ex-
plain away this difficulty.
In the next place, sir, I cannot approve of the
payment of the interest in coin. It was a great
mistake of the Government to recognize two stand-
ards of value, and create a difference or distinc-
tion between coin and its own notes or obliga-
tions. That, sir, cannot now be helped; but I am
quite unwilling to go any further in that direction.
It has already exerted a pernicious influence on
the public funds. The interest should be payable
in lawftil money.
In the next place, as these notes are to be of small
denominations, and designed for circulation, I ob-
ject to having the interest payable at all until the
end of the three years, when the principal and com-
pound interest should be allowed; and I think the
lowest denomination should be five dollars instead
of ten. But, sir, instead of this section of the bill,
it is my intention to propose, if opportunity is
afforded, to offer a substitute or amendment, whic^h
shall provide that the Treasurer be authorized to
issue $300,000,000 in circulation bonds of various
denominations, of five dollars and upwards, bear-
ing interest at the rate of six per cent., semi-an-
nually, payable, principal and interest, at the end
of three years, in the lawful currency of the Uni-
ted States; convertible at any time into six per
cent, coupon bonds, having twenty years to r.un,
and receivable for all Government dues, except
duties on imports.
And i would furtherprovide thatupon the back
of each bond there shall be printed the amount of
interest which shall have accumulated at the end
of each period of three months from the date
thereof, which amount shall be allowed by the
Government whenever these bonds are converted
into other United States securities, or received for
any dues to the Government; and that no allow-
ance of fractional parts of three months interest
shall be made by the Treasury, unless at 'he final
payment of these bonds. By this arrangement no
computation of interest would ever be necessary,
as the back of the note will always show its act-
ual value at the national Treasury.
To this I would add the following proviso: that
on all bonds of the denomination of ^3,000 and
upwards, the interest shall be paid semi-annually,
if demanded by the holder,and be indorsed upon
said bonds; or, if thought more expedient, coupons
for interest mi^ht be attached, as on twenty year
bonds. By this proviso the large capitalists who
live upon their incomes are furnished with an op-
portunity to invest in a satisfactory manner, and
these large bonds will be found in the hands of
the more wealthy.
And now, Mr. Chairman, what would be the
effect of an issue of this inscription of bonds?
