1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
Would they be currency? Certainly, to the ex-
tent to which they wore kept in circulation.
But what would be the natural tendency of
these bonds? They would be hoarded. Every
person of small or large means who got posses-
sion of them would lay them by, if he were able
to do so, that he might gain the interest. Noth-
ing can be more certain. Now, there are at.all
times a large number of persons in every commu-
nity who are able to lay by small sums. Hitherto
such perspns have been obliged to keep th^m on
hand, and lose the interest, deposit them in a sav-
ings bank, or loan to some friend. But in a great
many instances it is not convenient to go to the
savings bank, and if loaned on personal security,
it may not be forthcoming when wanted.
The arrangement I propose furnishes the de-
sideratum, pays interest, and is at any moment
convertible, that is, may be passed in payment for
debts and purchases as readily us other money.
Hence it could not fail to happen that these notes
would be absorbed and to a large extent, and thus
virtually demonetized. Savings institutions would
keep them on hand, aa they would be constantly
drawing full interest, and yet be available in pay-
ing deposits if called for. The common banks of
the country would also hold large quantities of
these notes, as they would realize an interest on
them equal to what they would ordinarily gain by
loaning the same amount. Persons having trust
funds on hand for a hmited time, as executors,
guardians, and treasurers of corporations expect-
ing to payoff dividends at a future time, would
prefer to lay by their accumulated funds in these
bonds. Thus they would inevitably operate like
a vast sponge applied to our monetary system,
absorbing all the smaller sums which in the course
of events are constantly accumulating, and to a
great extent lying idle. This plan would for a
certainty strike a new vein of credit, untouched
by any other financial arrangement, and, like the
popular loan of Louis Napoleon, yield a vast and
unexpected return. I feel so confident of this,
that I desire to urge the measure most strongly
upon the attention of the committee. This, it
will be recollected, is in accordance with the reso-
lution I offered, and which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
To carry out this measure successfully, how*
ever, the Secretary of the Treasury should issue
these circulation bondsgradually,say first to the
amountoffive millions. When it was evident that
they were, to a great extent, demonetized, that is
hoarded, another simitar issue should be made,
and so on, never putting them out faster than
they were absorbed and kept at par with the cur-
rency. Issued in this way, these bonds would
act as a currency oniy to a limited extent, and
thus do little if any injury in the way of inflation,
a consideration of the highest importance.
We now come to the third section of the bill
before us, which authorizes the issue of three hun-
dred millions oflegal tender notes. This is espe-
cially the currency section, and it cannot be con-
sidered intelligently unless we look carefully, for
a moment, at the nature and uses of money and
currency, and the difference between them.
Money, as used in the commerce of the world,
consists of coins formed from the precious metals.
But why from these metals? Simply and only
because they are better adapted to that purpose
than any other commodity. In their nature they
in nowise differ from corn or cotton, and they
are subject to the same laws of value. There is
nothing, as some erroneously suppose, arbitrary
in this. No international treaties or agreements
were ever made on the subject, and money exists
in obedience to the laws of value, above and be-
yond all human enactments.
What are the functions of money? First, it is
a medium of exchange, or that which every per-
son, in all parts of the earth, will accept as an
equivalent for whatever he desires to part with,
or for whatever is due to him from others. He
exchanges one form of value for another, for
money is in no sense of the word the representa-
tive of value, but value itself, in a particular form,
and m thebestform too, since it can be exchanged
for every other kind of value. It is a tool, im-
plement, or machine, to facilitate the operations
of exchange.
Second, money is also a standard of value.
Every marketable commodity is measured by it.
The value of all kinds of property, in this coun-
try, is computed in dollars. We promise to pay
a given number of dollars, or pieces of gold of
certain weight and fineness. The dollar thus be-
comes a standard or measure, like a bushel or
yard-stick.
And now, sir, what is currency? Anything
that is accepted in lieu of money; anything that
passes current from hand to hand in exchange for
articles of value. It differs from money in that it
may have value or not, in whole or in part. 1 (.differs
from money in that it exists by conventional ar-
rangement, instead of being founded on natural
law. It differs from money in that it is of local
in stead of universal power. Currency which may
pass quite well here may be worthless in England.
It may, without any appreciable labor, be pro-
duced to any extent, and therefore be found greatly
in excess of what the natural volume of money
would be; and in that case the standard of value
is altered, and all existing contracts are vitiated.
The prices of commodities rise, and, as a ne-
cessary consequence, speculation is engendered.
Every man who purchases property inevitably
sets speculation in motion, and there is no limit
to be placed on it.
Imports are increased. From an investigation
which I have made with great care and labor from
documents furnished to Congress a year or two
since, I fin(J that the consumption of foreign goods
per capita was always in proportion to the per
capita circulation of currency; and the fact was
mathematically demonstrated that it was the
amountof currency which governed importations
and the consumption of foreign goods. Such will
be the effect of an expansion of the currency.
This would be entirely true, except in those cases
where the prices of our domestic produce are de-
termined by the foreign demand, as is the case,
perhaps, especially in wheat and cotton:
And now, in proofofthe point which I have men-
tioned, I ask whether our imports have riot in-
creased very largely within the last year; and is
there not a very obvious cause for it?
Now, Mr. Chairman, although all these con-
siderations may be quite familiar to every mem-
ber of this committee, it seems necessary that we
should look at them in direct connection with the
subject before us. What we propose by the third
section of this bill is to issue currency,, which
differs from money in the particulars enumerated,
and which will produce inevitably, m accordance
with the immutable laws of value, the same effects.
The first question of interest, therefoie, is, have
we already a sufficient supply? because I have
said, if i have not shown, that if the currency be
in excess of the natural volume of money, specula-
tion will be engendered, and all the consequences
that'l have referred to will follow.
If all this be so, then when we vote for this ex-
pansion of the currency by $300,000,000, we vote
to reduce still further the wages of our brave and
devoted soldiers, who, for thirteen dollars per
month, in currency, are exposing their lives in
the camp and field. We have already reduced
their compensation more than four dollars per
month. If we make this issue we reduce it still
further. We vot<> to increase ail the expenses of
the contest in which we are engaged, all that is
paid for forage and supplies ofali kinds, for every-
thing that appertains to the materiel of war or me
movements of armies; we vote to still further and
more deplorably excite that spirit of speculation
which an expansion of the currency, whether by
Government or banks, always and necessarily
generates; to vitiate to a still greater extent every
existing contract, whether public or private, and.
thus unjustly rob one portion of the community
for the benefit of another; to weaken still further
the arm of the Government in its great struggle
with the most formidable rebellion in human his-
tory. All this we do when we vote to make the
currency still more redundant than it is.
Now what is a sufficient supply of currency ?
Mr. Calhoun (volume 2, page 346) estimates the
wealth of a community in proportion to currency
as twenty-five to one. That is, for every twenty-
five dollars' worth of property, real and personal,
there should be one dollar of money. It has been
demonstrated very conclusively that one twenty-
fifth is, in this country, the natural proportion.
Now, the whole property of the loyal States is
valued at about $1*2,500,000,009. This would
create a demand for $500,000,000. That amount
we had very nearly at the commencement of the
last year. This will appear from the following
facts: on the 1st of January, 186£, the baiilesin the
loyal States had in circulation $127,000,000,.and
had on deposit $310,000,000, making a total of
$437,000,000. Add to that the Government notes*
or greenbacks, as they are called,- $33,000,000,
and you have a total currency on the 1st of Janu-
ary, 186*2,of $470,000,000. * The currency wase
little below its natural volume What was the con-
dition of gold at that time? Gold was at par,-ok
in fact at a little less than par, because exehanga
on England was only six or seven per cent. Tha*
was all natural, legitimate, and in direct accord'
ance with the law which 1 have laid down. If
was in direcfaccor^ance with the proportion be-
tween money and property which I have.indicated.
This is the most positive proof that the currency
was then in nearly a normal condition, so far as.
the amount of it was concerned. The exact
amount needed was $500,000,000. For these very
interesting and important facts 1 would refer gen-
tlemen to the Bankers' Magazine,one of the most
useful publications in the country.
Now, what is the state of the currency to-day?
In the loyal States, on the 1st of January, 18&3,
the circulation of the banks was $167,u00,000,
an expansion of $40,000,000; their deposits
amounted to $433,000,000, and the greenbacks
to $250,000,000, making the aggregate currency
$850,000,000. Now, taking #500,000,000 as the
tiue amount, we have an excess of$350,000,000.
This enormous increase caused a rise in the price
of gold, which was quoted on the ]st of January
last at thirty-five per cent., and it is higher now.
Then, as we now propose to swell the amount
of currency by $300,000,000, making the whole
excess $650,000,000, what will be the result ac-
cording to the lawsof currency? Why,as 350 is
to 35, so is 650 to 67. Sixty-seven per cent, will
therefore, by these figures, be the premium on
gold caused by a fuitlier addition of $300,000,000
of currency. I give thu, of'course, as an approx-
imation. Extraneous circumstances may cause it
to be somewhat more or less, probably much less.
But it will be asked what can be done, and
whether it is not, in the present emergency, indis-
pensable to issue an additional amount of these
notes? I suppose it is, sir. I see no alterna-
tive. But, in the first place,although $300,000,000
may be authorized, I hope only a part will be put
in circulation. I hope so for the good-of the coun-
try. And, in the sccond place, 1 trust that this
Congress will have the patriotism and courage to
lay such a tax upon the circulation of the banks
of the country as shall expel it entirely, so that
the void may be filled with Federal notes withoul
creating any further expansion. The seventh sec-
tion of the bill before us provides that a tax ofone
percent, semi-annually be laid on bank circulation.
I would iiave that proposition amended, so as to
read three instead of one per cent., making itsJX
per cent, per annum. That would cause the with-
drawal of that kind of currency, and enable the
Government to fill the vacuum with $167,000,000
without further disturbance to the currency. In
regard to this measure 1 have to say, first, that it
is constitutional. The right to lay a tax of one
per cent, semi-annually implies the right to tax
three per cent, semi-annually. Our internal rev-
enue bill is based on the great principle that Gov-
ernment has the right to tax anything and every-
thing it pleases, to a large or small extent, as it
may think most advantageous to the public rev-
enue and most conducive to the general good. No
one, I trust, will deny this.
Again, it is a practicable measure. A tax of
six per cent, per annum will accomplish the de-
sired object. The banks will have no inducement
to put out notes on which they pay a tax equiva-
lent to the interest they receive upon their loans,
and they will cease such issues. A tax of two per
cent, will not do this, will not begin to do it; will
only aggravate the evil, because the larger and
more substantial banks will curtail their circulation
m consequence of it, and the smaller and weaker
ones will enlarge theirs so much the more; that
will be the result.
This bill proposesasortof slidingscale by which
the law is to be applied to different banks, in pro-
portion to their capital. Why, sir, this reminds
one of the famous old sliding scale m England on
which the tax on breadstuff's was founded, and
which only allowed of their importation when
wheat had risen to famine prices. If there be any
