1278-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
anil these amendments', that there shall then be paid over
to the company or oompanie* from whom U was retained
one fifth of the |  reenta .* *o retained, and so on in like
manner for each two hundred miles  o completed between
the points last above jecited -ha11 be paid over one fifth of
the retained peicentaae, until the wnolc amount ot per-
centage retained -hall be fully paid over to the company or
compilings entitled to the same. -
Mr.McDOOGALL. I will simply remark that
the amendment to the original bill, providing for
the reservation of a certain percentage of the
boiids, was made on the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Vermont. This preserves the principle
of that feature of the original hill, and yet will be
of sufficient assistance to the road. The Senator
from Vermont and myself, I believe, have agreed
that this is proper.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ought to say as much
as this: the principle that was desired to be in-
* serted in the original bill was some sort of secu-
rity upon the most practicable and easy part of
the road to help through that which was difficult
and expensive, and hence these reservations were
made. Now, I care nothing about the reservation
in the expensive pari, i think it is well enough
to give it up there, and retain it on the other part
of the road. I make no objection to taking it off
that part within the mountains; and hence it is
that 1 make no objection to this amendment as
the Senator lias it now.
Theamendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as nu additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That at the discretion of the
Pre.-ident he may pay to either of the companies wlneh is
entitled to ieceivi'bond-sot the United States undei the act
of which this amendatory, an equal amouut ot' lawlul
money ot' the United States.
Theamendment to theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to strike out
scction six.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Pec. 6. Antbhe it fuithrr cnactal, That if. ni theopinion
of the PrcMdrnt of the United St.ite.s, it shall appo.irth.it
the ph)-de;il or topographical leaturrs of the costal ly render
it inexpedient toeondnet the main line of the Union Pacific
Katlroad Company In the way of Denver Citv, in the Teru-
tory of Color,«|o. thai the said (ompany !*< authorized and
empowered to rou-miet a hianeh hem its mam line to f-aid
city, by tin* hum feasible route, the-same to be approved
by the Pie^dent ; and said company shall be entitled, in
the construction o< -aid branch, to any and all provisions
made in tavor ni it- mam line, either in this net or in that
to which t)u«. i  amendatory ; but no bo uU oi hinds of the
United tfl.ues shall be guintcd tor tins put pose.
Mr. IIARLAN. I hopethatwill not hp done.
If the company should find it to their inteiestand
the interest of the road to miss Denver City a few
miles, they might desiie to build a btanch umd
down to that town, or some other point in the
Territory of Colorado, so as to reach the mines
now being wrought in the Ten itory. This sec-
tion would give them lite right l ) build a branch,
and to condemn land along the line of the branch,
but they do it without uny aid from the Federal
Government either in lands or money. hcando
the Government no harm, and may be of vast im-
portance to the enterprise. I hope, therefore, that
the section will not be stricken out.
Mi. LA N E, of Kansas. My object in moving;
the amendment is to pieserve the text of the bill
as original! y passed and agre<d upon after full dis-
cussion. AS low this section to pass now,and at
each session of Congress we shall be besieged for
Other and different branches. So faras I am con-
cerned, I feel that it is of the highest importance
that we close the dooi as to branches.
Mr. POME HOY. 1 do not care to letntn this
scction, because 1 intend, so far as my influence
cat) go, to have the main road go to Denver. ' I
would not by any means consent to strike out this
section if I did not believe the mam road would
go to Denver.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that there mav bean-
other reason why we should not strike out this
section. I think it may he used possibly to force
the road to Denver; whereas if we allow the sec-
tion to be in, they may take another route not far
from there, with the idea that they can have a
branch to accommodate Denver. If this section
be stricken out the argument will be used,14 you
must go through the capital of the Territory."
I think it hod better stand.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no such object
as that.
Mr. CLAUK. I did not impute it to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say that
from what my experience has shown, I an) sat-
isfied that at the next session of Congress ton
will have applications for a branch to Santa Fe;
you wdl have applications for other and different
branches; and I feel that it i<< of the utmost import-
ance to preserve the text of the bill. We want a
road to Denver, and are anxious that the road
should go to Denver; but that is not the motive
which induces me to move to strike out the section.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee, as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was .concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
it was lead the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: " A bill
to amend an act entitled 4 An act to aui in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean.' "
CHANGE OP NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to take up a little
bill to change the name of a vessel in my State;
it is Senate bill No. 54!).
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 549) to change the name of the steamer J. L.
McGtll to that of Hope, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GRIMES. Where a vessel has been built
in some foreign country and is purchased by a
citizen of the United Suites, there may be some
leason for changing her name and giving to her a
new register; but 1 cannot imagine any reason for
changing the name of one of our own vessi is built
in this country, plyingon one of our own rivers,
and I can conceive that great disadvantages may
result from if. I hope the bill will not be passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that the reason in this case is
simply this: the gentleman bearing the name of
J. L. McGill is a vi ry prominent iebi-1 now, and
the present owner of the boat desires to change
her name on that account. 1 think that is the only
reason. The owner is a very loyal Union man,
William L. McPherson, of St. Louis, and he de-
sires to change the name of the vessel.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN' APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hill (II.
R. No 731) making appropi idtions for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
part ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
18G4, is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. The question is on an amendment
recommended by the Committee on Finance which
has not been acted on, to insert after hue eleven
hundred and thirty-two, the following words:
For the general incidental expense* of the Indian service
in Nexv Mi \;co, pie.-,ents T>f auricu!tui,i[ imp!- memo, and
other useful attioie*., and to them to locate in perma-
nent abodes, and -u-t.un thence I vet, by the pursuits o  civil-
ized life, to be expended undei the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Inteuoi, .<30,000
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have had that mattei under consideiation,
and have deteimined that in their judgment it is
best to allow to the Terruoiy of New Mexico
precisely the same amount that is allowed in the
bill to the Terntori"s of Colorado, Nevada, and
Utah, the sum of $25,000. In neither of these
Territories do we have treaties with Indian ti ibes,
but it is necessary that a fund should he placed at
the disposal of those who have control of Indian
affans there, to enable them to make presents of
useful articles to the Indians, to keep the peace
among the Indians, for it is found practically to
be cheaper to expend some money in that way to
keep the peace than it is to have Indian wars. The
committee have authorized me to move to strike
out " thirty" and to insert " twenty-five."
Theamendment to the amend mem wasagreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT;>ro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands thatall the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance have been acted on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move an amend*
ment in line thirteen hundred and five, to strike
out " Mississippi" and insert 4t Missouri." It
should be, 14 two agents to be appointed on the
Uppor Missouri," instead of " Upper Missis-
sippi."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am also instructed to in-
sert after line thirteen hundred and eight, the fol-
lowing:
To reimburse the loss su-tained by the Yar.cton Sioux
Indian*, on the 29th of August, 1861, by the sinking of the
steamer J. G. Morrow, ,$4,320 3$.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is something in the
bill already in regard to that, 1 think. Here is
the clause:
For amount required to reimburse the Blackfeet and other
Indians in dry goods clothing, hardware, aud'guns, which
were lo-t in -Inpinunt in the burning of the steamer Chip-
pewa, .$14,404 77.
In the original bill it was " Morrow," but the
House of Representatives struck out "Morrow,"
and inserted Chippewa." It was meant to be
the same thins:.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from Maine that there were two dis-
tinct cases. The clause which he leads relates to
goods that were burned on the steamer Chippewa;
but the Morrow sunk, and the goods here pro-
vided for are the goods that belonged to the Yanc-
ton Sioux Indians, and not to the Blackfeet In-
dians. 1 hold ni my hand a letter of the Gov-
ernorof Dakota Territory, who is superintendent
of Indian affairs there,addressed to the Commis-
sioner of lnd inn A flairs on this subject, and I have
also the certificate of the agent of the Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any recommenda-
tion from the Depaitment in relation to this mat-
ter? It is not printed m the estimates.
Mr DOOLITTLE. The recommendation
comes from the Interior Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that be read, or some
explanalion of it be given.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. The letter from the super-
intendent of indtiui affairs to the Commissioner,
states that Agent Buriey had to purchase Indian
supplies in the fall of 1861, to replace those lost on
the steamer Morrow. TheYanetons received no
cash payment during the yem 1861, and were great-
ly in need of provisions during the summer and
fall of 18G1. The agent consulted the superin-
tendent who advised the purchase. The letter of
the Secretary of the Intetior is ay follows:
" I have the honor to transmit herewith a communica-
tion of the 3l-t ultimo, (rom the Commij-Moner of Judian
A flairs, and aeeonipanvmg p ipers, showing what amount of
goods belonging to the Vancfon Sioux Indians, ot Dakota
Ten tuny, were lo-tou theSOth of Auzu^t, l8Gl,by Thesink-
ins? of the yte.uner J (.' Moirow, on hoard which vessel
they were being conveyed to the Yarn-tons. I have the
hoiioi to lecninmend that an appiopruition of 3d be
ni<td< b> (.'oiiine"". for making good theloss ^u^tamed by the
Indian* by the sinking ot the above-named steamer, the
good-liavini! bf-en purchased for them and with then funds,
and which, by treaty stipulation, tlie Government agreed to
dehvoi to thoni on their innervation.
The facts simply are, that we,took $4,320 38 of
theii money,and purchased goods vvhteh we were
bound to deliver on their reservation; and on the
way to the reservation the steamer on board which
the goods were sunk, and the goods were lost. I
do not see how we can be relieved from the neces-
sity of making up the loss. I think the amend-
ment is right. At all events, our committee have
unanimously reported it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert, as a
new section, this provision in relation to the Indian
service in Oregon and Washington:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior i" hereby authorized to d vcit co much of the unex-
pended baianees of appropriation for the Indian service in
Oregon and Washington as may be neeessaiy to meet the
oufounding liabilities' oi the Indian department in .-mid t*tate
and Temtory during the fiscal years 18n0, 1861, and 1862, a
sum not exceeding .$6^,000: Provided, houcver. That no
money shall be paid except in discharge ot habJmes in-
curred m carrying into eflect the objects provided lor by
taw for the Indian service.
For the Indian service in Oregon and Washing-
ton large sums of money have been appropriated
under various heads of appropriation, and apply-
ing to the various agencies in both Oregon and
Washington. Upon thegoingout of the Admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan, and the appointment
of ofEc&rs under the new Administration therfe
