1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
immense productive industrial interests of Great
Britain. It bears its oppressive weight upon Eng-
land. Why? Not because of its size, not be-
cause of its magnitude, but because the interest
upon that national debt, by their system of taxa-
tion, is collected by imposing the heaviest bur-
dens upon the masses, instead of placing the
proper amount upon capital. What the Marquis
of Westminster or the Duke of Buccleugh saves in
the way of taxation, is imposed upon the work-
ing men of Birmingham and Manchester. It is
an intolerable burden, under which the laboring
classes of England suffer greatly. It is said that
there are one thousand men in the city of London
who can pay the debt of England out of their own
pockets. I do not doubt it.
We shall, doubtless, have a great debt; but
what will it be in comparison with our vast pro-
ductive industry ; with our immense and rapidly
increasing population and wealth?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. WALKER. I ask a few moments longer.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be 110 objection,
the gentleman wiil proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright] said yes-
teiday that this rebellion was to be put down—
that it must be put down. I feci greatly obliged
to the gentleman for his earnest and fearless words.
Tiiey infused new courage into the hearts of the
membersof this House, and will infuse new cour-
age into the hearts of die people. I take the gen-
tleman on that issue, that the rebellion must be put
down. When it is put down, we will have a great
public debt; but, sir, we will pay it, principal and
interest, in one generation, which is as long as
any public debt should continue. I will submit
the amendments I have referred to at the proper
time.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to no-
tice, in a very Jew words, a point assumed, though
not argued, by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Walker.] lie assumes the right of
the Federal Government to suppress the circu-
lation of bank notes issued under the laws of the
several States; and 1 think if not uniTYiportant.to
notice it, because I have heard the same assumption
made, with little or no legal argument, by other
high authorities. I observe it, for instance, in a
speech which has been furnished to us in the
Globe, and which 1 hope it is not unparliamentary^
to allude to, simply by ntfming the author, one of
the ablest and most distinguished Senatoisof the
Republican party, Mr. Sherman". It is also as-
sumed in that pamphlet which the gentleman from
Massachusetts has recommended to the attention
of the committee, and which was already recom-
mended to our attention by the distinguished and
well-earned reputation of its author—I mean the
pamphlet of the Hon. Robert J. Walker.
He makes, it is true, a shghtallusion to one of
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Referring to the case ofCraige?>s. Missoui j,
he assumes it as deciding that the constitutional
prohibition against bills of credit includes bajik
notes issued under State laws by private corpo-
rations.
No w, sir, the case of Craigeus. Missouri was not
a caae involving bank issues at all. The case ot
Craige vs. Missouri was upon the issue by the State
of Missouri, through its State treasurer, of cer-
tain ceitificates of indebtedness, vthieh were, tor
many purposes, made legal tender. But a case
which, I venture to say, has as expressly decided
this point as any point ever was decided in the
jurisprudence of this country, was the case of the
'Kentucky Bank, reported in ]1 Peters. In it the
Supieme Court of the United States expressly de-
cided, this very point being befoielhe court.that
the issue within a State of bank notes by associa-
tions or corporations, under the laws of the State—
although ni the particular case of the Kentucky
Bank the State was a-partner or stockholder—was
not the issuing of bills of creditby a State within
the prohibition of the Constitution. And this was
reiterated at a later day in the ease of the bank of
Alabama, reported in a late volume of Howard's
Reports, about, I think, the year 3851.
And I venture to cite an authority which I have
not heard referred to in this discussion, but which
carries great weight with me, and which I think
will carry grpat weight with you, Mr. Chairman,
[Mr. Campbell in the chair,] for you remember
the man—1 mean the opinion of Henry Baldwin,
of Pennsylvania, as expressed at considerable
length and with great precision in his work en-
titled Constitutional Opinions. Among them is
an opinion upon this very point—what consti-
tutes a bill of credit. It was intended, I believe,
as an opinion in the very cases to which I have
referred; for it is a remarkable fact that he was
one of the judges of the Supreme Court who sat
in the case of Craige us. Missouri, and also in
the case of the Kentucky Bank.
The gentleman from IVlassachusetts, however,
in presenting his own views of the right of this
Government, based them upon the right of taxa-
tion. But I did not expect to hear the proposi-
tion that taxation, for the purpose of revenue,'con-
fers the right of taxation for the avowed purpose
of the extinction of that thing which is taxed. If
these notes are the subject of taxation, as man-
ufactures, or as a privilege allowed to individuals,
the tax must be upon a fair principle of taxation,
which looks to revenue, and not to extinction. I
do not doubt that a fair rate of taxation might be
reached, which would afford revenue, and which,
perhaps, would put a salutary check upon inor-
dinate bank issues. But I deny the right to tax, as
the gentleman and others propose, for the avowed
object of entirely suppressing what we have not
the constitutional right directly to prohibit.
I speak with no particular feeling as a local
Representative, because I believe the banks of my
district are indifferent as to this check upon bank
circulation; but I speak as one who believes that
at this time all these insidious infringements of
tiie rights of States should be looked at narrowly,
and ought, if possible, to be checked. In these
changing and revolutionary tunes, I venture a
word in favor of "res judicata," and that great
constitutional tribunal whose functions are now
so constantly ignored and disiegaided.
At this time, sir, I do not intend to follow the
 abie discussion of the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, upon the subject of the bill and its various
substitutes. I recognize the fact that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the Secretary of
the Treasury are engaged in the seaich for that
which baffled the alchemists of the middle ages—
the u philosopher's stone," for the transmutation
of bits of paper and other worthless matei lals into
gold—and I heartily wish them success in their
pui suit of it.
Mr. GURLEY. Mr. Chairman, it must be very
evident to the membeis of thts House that there
is no subject that will come before them, at the
present session, of more importance th^n that of
finance; the consideration of the means and method
of raising mooey, and the amount needed to carry
on our grt at war. Other things being equal, the
Government or nation engaged in warfare, that can
laise the largest amount of money, must, in the
end, triumph; and a smaller number of people are
very likely to pievail against a larger if they can
command the requisite means to secure provisions,
clothes, and arms forthcir soldiers in the field. In
other words, a Governnv-nt prepared for war by
gathering a large army, and having a good cause,
the most essential thing to carry it on is that ar-
ticle which we cult money.
But what is money with us? The question has
been variously answered; but there is a pretty
general understandingat this late day that, strictly
speaking, nothing is money except gold and sil-
ver. These constitute the standard of value, es-
tablished, indeed, by natuie, and recognized by
the laws of man. We are accustomed, however,
to call paper, that is good for coin on demand,
money; because it is easily exchanged for it; but
if history and experience teach anything that is
clear and decisive on this subject, it is that papei,
stamped and issued as money, in large or small
amounts, is valued at last by the coin it com-
mands in the market. It may be based upon the
public credit; but even that credit is in nowise in-
dependent of that law of the Creator and man
to which we have alluded; for to gold and silver
there is a limit. You can take so much from the
eai th in a given time, and no more; but bank notes
you can multiply till they become as numerous as
the leaves of the forest. There are very many
considerations, many of them leferred to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [M1*. Walker]
to-day, and facts that go to identity gold and sil-
ver, and distinguish them trom everything else as
the proper and only material for a standard ;o£
value; but we need not allude to them- nowv * v
What then ? Shall we attempt to carry on this
mighty war by the use of gold and silver alo8c£
or by notes, even, to be paid in coki on present
tion? That is simply impossible. Sw# there-is
not gold and silver enough in all the banks of tftfct
loyal States, in alt the pockets of all the loyal pepr
pie, what they have hidden away included, to meet
the expenses of the Government four months.
Indeed, we should have to borrow it five or six
times over in eighteen months to pay our liabili-
ties should the war continue; and not only so,if
all the currency of the loyal States was to-datr
paid into the public Treasury, together with a|J
snecie and the " wild-cat" bills, East and West?,,
aggregate the whole, and it would not meet the
demands of the war, according to actual estimates
and figures, U£ to July, 1864. Without, how-
ever, entering into extended arguments on this
subject, it is sufficient to say that few, if any, of
the modern nations have succeeded in waging a
war of several years* duration, and on a large
scale, approximating in a moderate degree to ours,
by the use of gold and silver alone. We all know
that both England and France have, in times of
war, extended their paper currency to the utmost
limit of any value. Strong as was the Bank of
England, it paid no specie from 1797 till 1821; and
its notes were sold as late as 1814 at twenty-five
per cent, discount. Our fathers were forced to
follow the example of other nations, print papet
in abundance and call it money, until at last i.
became nearly valueless.
In view of these facts, it is idle to presume that
our Government can form an exception to nearly
all others under like circumstances; that we can
piosecutea war on a more extended as wellas de-
structive scale than has been done for thousands
of years, if ever, without the usual resort to paper
currency. We must all desire to pay our debts
in coin, in real money or its equivalent; for mere
paper currency promises to pay are a very great
evil; but it is one of those evils that are insepa-
lable from modern warfare carried on upon a larg:e
scale. With a daily expenditure of $2,500,000, it
is clear that we must have a larger volume of cur-
rency than all the banks can furnish and sustain
with specie. The banks of the several large cities
have not an amount sufficient to pay our floating
debt; and I doubt if they have much moie than
would meet the honest demands of our soldiers
and sailois. If, in one of the ordinary financial
pressures that come every few years they are com?
pelled to stop specie payment, can any reasonable
man expect them to furnish a sound currency on
a magnitude of expenditure that reaches millions
111 the place ofthousarids? The Government now
pays out more m a single day than it disbursed
two years ago in a whole month.
But I need not pursue this branch of the sub-
ject, for the nation has already become reconciled
to that stern necessity for a larger volume of paper
than a specie basis has sustained in this or any
other country; a necessity as absolute and imper-
ative as the existence of our great struggle to save
theGovornmentand thecountry. It only remains
for us to select that kind of paper best adapted to
meet the exigencies of the public service.
1 have cast about for light on this subject; and
in doing so have examined, with all the care I am
able to exercise, the report of t he Secretary of the
Treasury, with the hope of obtaining infmmation
that might settle the whole question; and while,
fiom his peculiar position, I must regard him as
the most proper person to give advice, 1 confess
to much disappointment as the result. I have
looked to him for light because I highly respect
his abilities and admire his purity of character,
i find that he discourages the turther issue of legal
tender notes, and contemplates the final with-
drawal of those aheady out, which have proved
so acceptable to the people and so convenient for
the Government. He remaiks that "it will be
unwise, unless conditions greatly change, to au-
thorize the increase of United States notes beyond
the limit now fixed by law." His plan of a cir-
culating medium is a currency based upon Gov-
ernment stocks. We present it in his own words,
from his well-written annual report:
" The central idea of the proposed measure is the estab-
lishment of one sound, unifoim circulation, of equal value
thiou liout the countiy, upon the foundation ot national
crudit5combined with private capital. Such a currency, p
