1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were delays, for some reason, in forwarding the
money from the office here to the officers in Oregon
and Washington, and the accounts on account of
the Indian deportment there, wore not paid as they
outfit to have been. It is another fact, also, that
during the present Administration there lias been
a change in the superiutendenoy there, and1 the
money has not been forwarded,and th<* liabilities
have not been paid and discharged. The truth is,
that there stand unexpended balances of appro-
priating to the amount of some $280,000 in the
Territory of Washington and the State of Oregon;
and in some instances, under the different heads of
appropriation, liabilities have been incurred be-
yond the amount winch was appropriated for a
particular head of appropriation, and in other in-
stances {labilities have not been incurred to the
amount apprnpiintcd. What is asked is, that we
shall authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
divert the amount of £68,000 from the unexpended
balances of various heads of appropriations in iiis
hands, to meet those cases where the liabilities
have been m excess of (he appropriations for those
Iwads. The affairs in Oregon and Washington m
consequence of what 1 have stated, became some-
what complicated, and it is necessary that these
accounts should be closed up, both on account of
the interests of the General Government, and on
account of the welfare and peace of the people of
Oregon and Washington. Thecommittee,on look-
ing the ground all over, were of opinion that tins
amount, not exceeding £68,000, should be per-
mitted to be d I vet led for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether these amounts of unexpended balances
have or have not gone into the Tieaaury.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that perhaps some
of tJiem may have gone back into the Treasury;
but the greater part of them have not. 1 have
here a statement of the outstanding liabilities, and
&1.«0 a statement of the unexpended balances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does it come from ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. From the interior De-
partment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will further inquire
whether we shall be probably called upon to make
up ?s«e drfi nency that will be titus occasioned by
the diveision of the appropriations from which
th*; money is to be diveited?
Mr. 1JOOLI ITLE. I think not. The Sen-
ator from Oiegou can perhaps explain it more in
detail limit 1 can myself.
Mr. jNESMITUl 1 have not the law by me
now wii n,li piovuh's for the lap.MUg of money into
lite Treasury which has been unused; buluisthe
vnd-erstandnig of the Department that this money
lias not yet lapsed, but h at their disposal it' they
are permitted to make the diversion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My next amendment is to
insert after line thirteen hundred and eight:
Tn enable ihe Secretaiy «>f the Inteaor to pnv for the j
it^e uf the -te.ua piop<-lk-i Seneca. on i,.ikc Superior, em- J
pluy**t{ l>y L I] Wi'hb. ihe .igeut of the Ohipp -um-, such |
t-uui i)'.' piowd t>  be jtM and HM>oiut>le lor the 1
time the same \va<-dwamtd by hun m the service of the ,
Government during the late Indian oulbie.ik, a sum not |
<'Xei-ediii<r (h)0. i
Mr. WILKINSON". My colleague is well ac- j
quaiuted with the facts in legaid to the employ- ]
meut of this boat, anJ> 1 wish lie would state them ;
to the Senate. The proposition is to pay for a :
vessel employed byMajoi Webb, lastfall, during ;
the Indian troubles in the Northwest. j
Mr. RICE, i was last summer upon Lake Su- >
pe? tor <\t the time the Indian raid bioke out West. 1
Wtthm the agency where I was, there were some
five thousand Indians and but very few settlers.
At the place where the agency is, anil w tere ail
the Go*nment property is, there were probably
about fifty while, men. They were without arms .
and without ammunition, with no means of pro- ;
tecting themselves ot the Government property, j
The Indians from die West were sending through I
their runners messages to these Indians to get !
them t f join in the raid. Ttie Senatoi from Ohio, ;
[Mr. Wade,] who is not now present, was there; :
and the a« ent consulted us m regard to the steps j
to be taken. There were no boats theie, and ;
we advised him to send to Ontonagon, or else- .
whore, and secure a boat that U might be there in j
readiness to takeaway the women and children j
and the Government property, in ease a difficulty I
should occur. The owners of the first boat which 1
he was able tojsecure wanted to charge $350 a day
for the use of it. We thought that was extrav-
agant, and then he ob:amed another at a much
less rate. I know nothing of course in regard to
the price that should he allowed to the boat for
its services; but the boat was employed by the
agent and was kept there for some time. I do not
know the number of days.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that it
may be right to pay for Uns boat; but I know that
the Morrow, the case we have just had undercon-
sideraiion, was sunk, and 1 happened to be one of
the paities that owned that boat, and we never
asked for any pay, and we did not have the boat
insuied either. The agents took possession of the
boat, and then the Government took military pos-
session. It was not under our control'at all, but
they did not feel like paying us for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On hearing the statement
of this case, i was about to raise a point of order.
It strikes me that this is clearly a private claim,
and cannot be put on this bill.
Mr. RICE. 1 hope it will not be considered in
that light.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not, unless
it is.
Mr. RICE. 1 do not think it is. There are
certainly other amendments to the bill that would
come within the definition of private claims, if this
does. This boat was employed by a Government
officer at a time when it was not known whether
the Government property there was worth any-
thing or not. Payment has been recommended
by the Commissioner of I ndian Affairs and by the
Secretary of the Interior; they have made esti-
mates for this amount; and now at this late date
to compel the owners of the boat to go over an-
other year without receiving their money, which
must necef-sanly be the case if this is declared to
be a private claim and excluded from this bill,
seems to be very unjust. The agentconsulted with
the Senator from Ohio and myself, and I think
we gave a written opinion on the matter. We be-
came somewhat responsible for the payment of
the boat, and assurance was given to the agent
that he should have our services in securing pay-
ment for the boat. That induced the owners, I
suppose, to charier it, although I did not wee the
owneis at, the time. Al! the Government property
was in a single warehouse, which could have been
destroyed in an hour by the Indians if they had
surrounded it; anil the hiring of the boat and hav-
ing it in readiness to convey away the Govern-
ment property was a necessary precautionary
measuie, to say nothing: of the number of women
and children whose lives certainly would have
been lost if there had been an attack, and they had
no means of ffeitinjj away.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Min-
nesota is pei li w.ly aware that in making this ob-
jection 1 am only doing what my duty eomp< Is me
to do. He is a member of the Committee on Fi-
nance, ami he petfuctly understands that if tins is
a pn\ate claim, I am bound to raise the point of
otdei. That it is a hard uisf; that it is a very
meritorious case, may be tre ■; and undoubtedly
it is fiom the statement of my friend from Min-
nesota. 1 have no doubt about it; but that does
not change the principle. 1 f you open the bill to
on?"case, of course others will follow of necessity.
Mr. WILKINSON, i did not listen very at-
tentively to the phiaseology of this amendment;
but u seems to tue that if it is properly diawn, it
will not be regarded as a private claim. It is to
meet an expense inclined by the Government.
There were some extraordinai y expenses, if you
please, glowing out of an extraordinary state of
facts; and it is apparent to everybody that there
can be no pro\iston for this claim unless it is put
on an appropriation ln'1. If it can be considered
in such a way as to wiihdiaw it from the opera-
tion of the lule, i think it may well be; it cer-
tainly should be passed and the money paid. The
ageutactcd very wisely indeed. The Senator from
Ohio and my colleague being there, the agent con-
sulted with them in regard to the propriety of the
act, and he was advised by them to do it; and I
am satisfied if was a very wise action on the part
of the agent, it seems to me that this appropri-
ation may we!! be included in this bill as a meas-
ure to pay the deficiencies of the extraordinary
expenses which were occasioned by the action of
the Indian department in the Northwest during
the late Indian war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER* (Mr. Latham
in the chair.) The Chair will be compelled teruta
that the point of order is well taken by the Sen-
ator from Maine, unless the mover of the amend-
ment can show that it comes under the thirtieth
rule, which provides that "noamemimentshafl be
received whose object is to provide for a private
claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions of
an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. RICE. One purpose for wjiich the- ex*
perise was incurred was to carry out a treaty stip-
ulation. I think the chairman of the Finance Coin*
mittce will concede that.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to say a word in relation to the
other point? I have very seriousdoubtabout this
being a private ^{aim atail. This vessel was taken
into the employ of a person acting or pretending
to act for the Government of the United States,
an Indian agent having charge of the tribe and the
Government property"th« re. tie took this vessel
and held it as a matter of security—to secure the
lives of these people and secure this property
against an impending Indian outbreak. He did it
on his responsibility as an officer of the Govern-
ment and upon the additional advice of Senators
Rice and Wade, who happened to be there at the
time, and advised him to take this course. He
acted in color of his office in taking this vessel and
using it; and now the appropriation asked for is
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for
the use of the vessel what he thinks is reasonable.
It does not appropriate any given sum for the use
of the vessel,but only such sum as the Secretary
of the Interior shall regard as reasonable for the
uko of the vessel, not exceeding a certain sum.
While, perhaps, it looks toward being a private
claim, I do not think it still quite comes up to it.
Mr. RICE. I will state what 1 was going to
say before, and I would like the attention of the
Senator from Maine, One purpose of chartering
this vessel was to carry out a treaty stipulation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What treaty stipulation?
Mi. RICE. A treaty stipulation with the In-
dians of Lake Superior. The treaty stipulations
require that they shall be paid at the several res-
ervations*, and they are two or three hundred miles
apart, some of them swinging around from the
norih shore to the southern shore of the lake; and
the agent has the authority and does every year
employ boats to transport goods from the agency
to the various reservations. These goods had all
arrived and were at his agency ready to be trans-
posed to these other points, and this boat was
employed in case there should be an outbreak,
which was imminent, to take the goods where
they would be safe, so as to enable the Govern-
ment to carry out this treaty stipulation. Hud a
raid taken place, and the boat nut been there, all
the supplies would have been destroyed, and the
various treaties could not have been possibly ear-
ned out. I take au appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota takes an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. The question is,44 Shall the de-
cision of'the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate r"
Mr. RICE. I ask for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
navs, or otherwise we shall have no quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As there,perhaps,may not
be a quorum on the call of the yeas and nays, 1
will, with the leave of the Senator from Minne-
sota, let this matter pass over and withdraw the
amendment until there is a fuller Senate; and £
will offer it again, and then take the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. RICE. Very well; that will be satisfactory.
The PRES1 DENT proThe Chair does
not understand the suggestion of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will withdrawtheamend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent that can be done. Jf there be no objec-
tion, the amendment is withdrawn, and with it
the objection as a question of oider, and also the
appeal fiom the decision of the Chair, and the de-
mand for the yeas and nays fall.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line thirteen hundred
and eight;
To enable die Secretary of the Interim to pay for &b$ pro-
