1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
visions and seed grain actually furnished to the Indians in
his agency by M. M. Davis, in Wi&couMn, the sum of $994.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
something about that. It looks to me like another
private claim.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. An appropriation for this
purpose is recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in the following letters, winch I will read:
Department of thf Intfrior,
February SI, I8G3.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter of
this date from the Commissioner of Indian Affair*, and ac-
companying letter from the agent of the Indians in the
vicinity ot Green Day, Wisconsin, and, us suggested by the
Commissioner, recommend that the sum of $1,300 of the
appropriation for "espouse* of survey and allotment of
land'" for Stockbridge Indian*, which is not now needed
for that purpose, be diverted from said appropriation, and
applied by this Department to the reimbmscment of M. M.
Davis, agent as afore>aid, for theamountexpended by him
for provisions furnished to the Indian* under his charge.
Very rer-pectfully, your obedient servant,
J P. USHER, Secretary
Hon. J. R. Doolittle, Ckahman Committee on Indian
Affairsj United States Senate.
Department op the Intfrior,
Office Indian Affairs, February 21,1*363.
Sir: I have the honor to tran-mit hetevvith a copy of a
communication addressed to this office by M. M. Davis,
Eaq , United States agent for the Indians in the vicinity oi
Green Bay, Wisconsin, in winch lie states that, owing to the
necessities of the Stoekbridge Indians, he was compelled
to furm-h them with supplies and provisions to the amount
of about one thousand dollars to prevent them from starva-
tion. There are no hinds due these Indians, but there is a
balance of an appropriation tor " expenses of survey and
allotment of land"' for them, amounting to i$l,:300, which us
not now needed for that purpose, ami" from which Agent
Davis can be reimbursed; and I have to request that you
will ask the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
of the Senate, who has called my attention to the subject,
to move an amendment to the Indian appropriation bill to
authorize this office to divert from said apptopnation the
amount necesbary to reimburse Agent Davis upon his sub-
mitting satisfactory vouchers.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM P. DOLES,
Co
tnmisstoner.
Hon. J. P. Usher, Senetary of the Interior•
The Committee on Indian Affairs, instead of
asking for a diversion of an appropriation which
they supposed might have lapsed to the Treasury
before this time, recommend a direct appropria-
tion for the amount of provisions and seed grain
furnished by Agent Dvivis. It appears that the
amount he purchased was $389 of seed wheat,
and &G07 of subsistence. The agent states that he
believes that if he had not furnished seed and pro-
visions for them, there would not now be fifty
members of the tribe remaining on the reserva-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise the question of
order on this amendment.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. Chair will
submit the question of order to the Senate, as the
shorter way of disposing of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to remark that it
is perfectly manifest that this case does not arise
under any appropriation heretofore made; but an
Indian agent, ymhout any supervision over him,
undertook to furnish cettain articles, and now we
are asked to pay him by an amendment to an ap-
propriation bill on the mere recommendation of
the Secretary of the Interior, without any oppor-
tunity to have the details of the claim examined
properly by a committee. I am suspicious of so
many of these claims, that have been lying over
for two or three ycais, coming up at this time to
be put on this appropriation bill. I think there is
very greal danger that we shall be called upon to
pay what we do not owe. Let them go, as they
always have, to the Committee on Claims, the
proper committee to investigate them, and be con-
sidered theie. Because these articles were fur-
nished to Indians, there is no more teason why the
claim shouid be put on the bill out of order than
why a thousand other private claims should be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
under the rule submits the question of order to the
Senate, whether the amendment shall be received
as in order under the thirtieth rule of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that it seems to me
that this is not a private cijirn within tin* meaning
ofjthisruie. If an agent in charge of a tribe of
Indians finds that they are actually in a starving
condition and assumes to purchase provisions for
them to feed them and keep them from starving,
and repoi ts the fact to the Department under which
he has acted, and the Department asks that the
money thus applied by him may be appropriated
by Congress to make up the deficiency, I submit
that that is not a private claim. I think it is not
any more than it would be if the Secretary of War
in carrying on war should go beyond the amount,
appropiiated in carrying on a necessary transac-
tion. The simple question is upon its necessity.
It is a public act done by a public officer, carrying
out a public and not a private object, taking care
of the wards of the Gowrnmcnt. It is not a thing
done by a private individual on private account,
or for a private purpose. It seems to line that it
partakes of a public character, so far at least that
it is not to be rejected as a private claim under the
rule. It is in the nature of a deficiency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this isa deficiency, it
might hrtYe gone on the deficiency bill, because
that has reference to the present and somewhat
to the past; but the bills that we bring in now
are for the coming year, and the endeavor is to
put these claims on the bills of the coming year,
where they are certainly out of place. I dislike
to be continually raising these questions of order,
but I am compelled to do so because gentlemen
see fit to move them on the ground that they are
very hard special cases. The fact that this was
a Government officer makes no difference. We
have, perhaps, twenty bills pending heie all the
time for the lelief of Government officers who
have paid money or done something else in the
discharge of their duty as Government officers.
The fact that the thing was done by a Government
officer makes no sort of difference. It does not
relieve the application from the character of a
claim against the Government, to be considered
properly in its place, and not crowded on an ap-
propriation bill when we have no sort of oppor-
tunity to consider it properly. The rule means
something. It was adopted to correct a grievance
or prevent an injury, and it is hardly worth while
f.u* us to override it on every occasion when there
is something that looks like a haid case.
Mr. OOf,LAMER. In regard to this claim, I
desire to know whether there are not annuities
due to these Indians. It seems to me that if they
were supplied with the necessaries of life, with
bread, and seed for their corn, it should be paid
for out of the annuities we owe them, and not be
appropriated out of the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro ttmpvie. The question
is, shall this amendment be received as in order
under the thirtieth rule of the Senate?
The Senate decided the question in the nega-
tive, anil refused to receive the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not ask a division
on that question by yeas and nays. I may, per-
haps, do so when the bill comes into the Senate,
both as to this and the preceding amendment in
relation to the employment of a steamer on Lake
Superior.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can offer the same amendments when the bill shall
have been reported to the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to insert after line
thirteen hundred and eight the following:
To enable the Secretaiv of the Interior to hold a new
treaty with the Htockbudges of Wi^con^in, Si,000.
In relation to this, I will state that these Indi-
ans, when Mr. Huebschmann was superintend-
ent of Indiati affairs in Wisconsin, entered frito
a very haul treaty with him. They gave up very
valuable lands that they could cultivate, and where
they could do much to sustain themselves, and
they accepted as a reservation a tract of land
mainly covered by pine timber. The land is val-
uable for timber, but of no sort of consequence to
Indians, and very poor land for cultivation. It is
believed that they should have a new arrange-
ment made with the Government of the United
States. I think it is just that such an arrangement
should be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this recommended by
the Department? I should like some kind of proof I
fiom the Department. 1 am suspicious of all these 1
things.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Senator
that this appropriation was recommended by the
Department. The question came up on the peti-
tion of these Indians, which was printed in the
House of Representatives, i have not the papers
with me at the present time, but I know the facts.
If the Senator desires it, the amendment may lie
over until the bill conies into the Senate, and I
will get the punted memorial and papers on the
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There seems to be a want
of information about it, and I must object to it for
the present.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line thirteen hundnd
and eight:
For clothing, food, and other necessary expemdf of the
Indian service in theTerutory ot Utah, to be expended un-
der the direction of the superintendent, for the year ending
June 30, lb63, $20,000.
I have before me the letter of the Secretary of
the Interior, and the letter of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and also the letter of the eleik
of the superintendent in Utah Territory, setting
out the necessity of this appropriation. It will
be borne in mind that until last year the sum ot
from thiity to forty thousand dollars had been
appropriated each year to provide for the Indian
service in Utah. Last year the whole amount
was cut down to $5,000. Only $5,000 was appro-
priated for that purpose, and the Indian scrvice
in Utah has suffered very much in consequence,
suffered so much that in one instance, at least, they
have come to an actual collision of force, so that
there may come war expenses growing out of that.
Another thing: the Indians have become trouble-
some from the fact of their not receiving their ac-
customed amount of presents, food, and clothing,
and on the line of our overland mail they have
commenced levying contributions on the mail
route, and those interested in the mail route have
actually paid out of their own funds.over $12,000
to pacify these Indians and keep them from break-
ing up the mail route. The appropriation nosv
asked for dots not cover any portion of this
$12,000, but the superintendent of Indian affairs
felt so deeply the necessity of having a greater ap-
propriation that the clerk of the superintendency
was forwarded here and brought the facts to the
Department in relation to the necessity of having
this appropriation to get on and to close up the
Indian service for the present year. This appro-
priation of $20,000 is recommended by the De-
partment, and the Committee on Indian Affairs
believe it just and necessary. We think it is far
cheaper to pay some money to the Indians in the
shape of presents and food and clothing, and keep
them at peace, than it is to have difficulties and
outbreaks and collisions and war expenses en-
tailed upon us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
1 am required to attempt to keep these things off
the bill. It seems from the statement of the hon-
orable chairman that last year Congress, on de-
libciation, appropriated $5,000 for the service in
that Territory and decided that that was enough.
Now, the Senator is dnectcd by his committee to
move that that be made up to the sum which he
says was originally appropriated. I do not see
as yet what the necessity is for it. He makes n.
statement that he thinks it is advisable to do so;
but what evil consequences have followed? The
Senator does not propose that any part of this sum
shall be appropriated to reimburse what has been
paid by other individuals, or what has been lost
many way; but that at thisriate period of the fiscal
year we should place this sum of $20,000 in the
hand of the superintendent there, hi order, as he
says, to reconcile difficulties with the Indians.
Now, sir, I want something more with reference
to the matter than a mere general declaration that
the superintendent of Indian affairs thinks it is
advisable. I confess I have very great suspicions
of this whole system. It is a bad system from the
beginning. We are taught to recognize these In-
dian tribes as foreign nations, as independent peo-
ple, and when our people settle anywhere in their
region we are called upon to protect them against
i foieign wats. They go there of their own choice,
' expose themselves to these difficulties, and we are
called upon with reference to the matter on the
principle of keeping peace between the two na-
tions. I suppose we cannot avoid it. It has got
to be a sort of unavoidable difficulty. It already
forms a very heavy burden on the Treasury, and
is constantly increasing from day to day, as gen-
tlemen will see by looking at this bill and com-
paring it with former bills. The number of trea-
ties is becoming larger and more numerous, and
the expenses increasing in divers ways.
