THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1863.
New Series No. 81.
When amendments of this sort are proposed,
we ought at least to have some definite statement
of what the difficulties are, instead of n mere gen-
eral declaration. My objection is that it is alto-
fether too loose to proceed upon in such matters.
should like to have the Committee on Indian
Affairs become responsible for the truth of the
statements made of the condition of things there
before the Senate is induced by them to change
the policy or the decision which was deliberately
adopted last year on the subject. These state-
ments always come from an interested quarter. I
believe these superintendents and agents are ex-
tremelyanxioustogetall the money in their hands
they can; and we find by sad experience that they
do not settle the Indian difficulties after all. I be-
lieve the reason is that the money in many cases
is exceedingly misappropriated, and our confi-
dence and the confidence of the Indians very much
abused, if I m«y trust to what gentlemen say to
me privately with reference to these transactions.
I am willing that any reasonable amount of money
should be appropriated, because it is an obligation
resting on us; but at any rate let the Committee
on Indian Affairs furnish us with proof of the
necessity for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read the letter of
Mr. Reed, who is the clerk of the Indian supei-
intendency in Utah Tenitory, addressed to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Hc«ays:
Washington, District of Columbia,
Decembei 30, 1862.
Sir: I have come to this city by dnection of Hon James
Duanc Doty,supe mtendent of Indian affans for Utah Ter-
ritory, to jepresent to you tfie destitute condition of the
Indians in bus supenntendency, and the uigent necessity
of immediately placing additional funds at his di> posal to
enable him to provide the nectary food and clothing for
the Indians to keep thorn quiet this winter ami oommg
spring. You aie aware that Congress appropriated toi that
supeiintcndency for the current fiscal ye.u only .$5,000,
while heietofore ftom forty to sixty thousand dollars per
annum ha-? been apptopnated for the Mine purpose. Tilts
cut tailment works peculiailv haul with the Indians of Utah
—more so, probably, than with any other Indians in the
country—from the fact that the great body of their cotmtty
is a desert country, without vegetation or game, white tho>e
portions that are tillable are quite all occupied by white
people, and the game destioycd oi duven oft. Tins is pe-
culiarly the ca e with the Indians inhabiting the cotiiitiy
from Gieat Salt Lake City we t to Nevada Territory, a dis-
tance of nearly three hundred miles, through which runs
the overland mail and telegraph lines. These linos have
been seuously threatened by the Indians m this section of
countiy. Duting the last winter, to prevent the Indians
fiom inte'-feriiig with then station*, ami other propeity, the
Oveiland Mail Company dealt out to them at their stations
between Great Salt Lake City and Carson City, Nevada
Territniy, piovi«ions to the amount of over twelve thou-
sand doiiaM ovc r and above what the Government provided
them for that puipo&e. They decluie then inability to do
this any longer.
By direction of the superintendent, f spent some time in
the early pattot l.wt Mimmer anions? those Indians, visit-
ing them in then vanous locations. I found them very
destitute, men, women, and childien qmte naked,and with
scaicelj anything to eat. It is leaily a matter of necessity
with the>e Indians that they starve or steal, unless they ic-
ceive assistance. Should an outbreak oceui with these
Indians, besides costing the Government large expendi-
ture to put it down,, it would result in the sii-ponsjon of
the oveiland mail and telegiaph lines ior an indefinite pe-
riod, to the veiv gieat detiiinent of ever} interest, public
and private. The Mipcimtendent estimates that he will
require an additional sum of £20,000 to enable him to get
the lndiansm his supermtendency safely through this vvin-
tei and the coming .-pun", and by lug direction"! make ap-
plication to you ior that amount
The necessities of this, case arc urgent; and Congress
having temporally adjourned, ami when it meets the forms
of legislation necessarily requiung some time to piocuic
the p-iss.ure of,i law making the appropiiation, if there are
any funds of unexpended appropriations thateould propeily
be applied to these pmposes, the public interests would be
greatly subserved by making an immediate deposit of the
money, subject to the superintendent's order, and notify-
ing him by telegraph, that he may act upon it at once. I
trust this may he done.
Hoping this may receive your early attention, I am, very
respectfully, your obedient servant, AMOS IlEED,
Clerk Indian Sujwrintenden-cy of Utah Territory.
Hon. W. P. Dole,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Now, I say to the honorable Senator from Maine,
that in my opinion there is not a gentleman m the
United States who can exercise more influence
with the Indians in any Territory, to keep the
peace with them, than this very superintendent
in Utah, Governor Doty, formerly of W u>consin,
81
and formeilya member of Congress, with whom,
perhaps, the Senator is acquainted; a man ofgreat
tact, of gieat ability. In the administration of
Indian affairs, in preserving peace, and in pre-
ser\ing the influence and control of the Govern-
ment over the Indians, in my opinion he has no
superior. He is a very able and very shrewd
man.
I have stated to the honorable Senator from
Maine, and to the Senate, that the Committee on
Indian Affairs have looked this matter over. We
have no more disposition to waste the money that
belongs to the people of the United States than
any other committee of thus body; but we believe
that it is the best economy and a saving of money
to place money enough m the hands of proper
men whom you can trust, and who will use the
money for the purpose to enable them to keep
peace with the Indians.
I admit that this money may be misapplied by
bad agents and bad superintendents. I admit that
it has often been done, i admit that, perhaps, the
temptation to do so is as great, or perhaps greater,
in the management of Indian affairs than in any
department of the Government; because the agents
are not so much watched by w lute peisons, or per-
sons ofciv/lized life. They are left to themselves
to manage these matteis, and the temptation to
misapply the funds is sometimes very great. I
do not believe that in this rase ymi will misplace
yourconfidencein puUirigthis$20,000 in the hands
of the superintendent of Utah for this purpose.
He need not use any more of the fund than is ne-
cessary to accomplish the purpose; but if those
Indians are left in their destitute condition to steal
or starve, or s;ot up an Indian war, it may cost us
hundteds and hundreds of thousands of dollais.
There is a fact slated iti this letter which is a
very significant one. The appiopriations for this
Tenitory previous to last year have been from
forty to sixty thousand dollars a year. These
donations to the Indians have been made hereto-
fore—generously made, if you please. The In-
dians have been in the habit of expecting them,
relying upon them; and if these presents do not
come they will become disturbed; they will sup-
pose their relations with the Government ate
broken up; and, as it seems they have already
done, they would levy conti jbutions upon the mail
company which ions the stages through that
country and keeps up the telegraph line.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. And the emigrants.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And the emigrants, also.
I think this is as economical an expenditm e of
money as we can make. My friend from Maine
sometimes asks us to vote on his bills for appro-
priations of three or four hundred million dollars
at a time, without a question; and when the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs simply ask for an ap-
propiiation of $20,000, which we think is neces-
sary to preserve the peace with these Indians, I
think the Senate should adopt it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Perhaps the Senator from
Maine is correct when he says that our Indian
system is not altogether rifjht. I do not bcheve it
is. He is piobably correct, also, when he says a
great deal of money has been stolen 01 improperly
disbursed in tiie management of Indian affairs;
but 1 do not think i hat i & arty reason against mak-
ing an appropriation of this kind. I voted the
other day for a bill embodying in one appropria-
tion, I believe, ^300,000,000, which the Senator
from Mame himself reported; and I have no doubt
that in the appropriations for the conduct of this
war millions will be stolen where there is a thou-
sand or a hundred stolen out of the Indian funds;
but it is no argument why I should fail to vote sup-
plies because there are some bad quai termasters
or commissaiies or thieving contractors or any
high official of the Government, who will stealer
misapply them.
There is a very good reason why the appro-
priations for the Indian service should inciease.
We have been opening and settling a large tract
of country, rich in mineral wraith. In the terri-
tory occupied by the Indians the American peo-
ple are now digging out millions and hundreds of
millions in gold every year. The enterprise of
the American people drives them ihtosuch places.
They go into the fastnesses of the mountains and
find gold there, and they enrich this nation by it.
They have enrichcd the nation; they have aug-
mented its resources; they have settled up the
whole line of the Pacific coast; they are now tak-
ing gold out of every gorge of the Rocky mount-
ains, right in among the Indians. It is very nat-
ural, as we have settled up and developed the vast
resources of that country, that we should be at
additional expense. "We cannot expect to take
hundreds of millions of dollars out of the mount-
ains of the West without adding something ad-
ditional to the expenses of the Government. If
I he settlement of this country had not extended
beyond the Mississippi river, of course we should
not have been under the necessity of negotiating
with these Indians, and making additional appro-
priations for maintaining pacific relations with
them in these now Tenitories that we settle up.
I do not think that argument based on an increase
of expenditure is a good one.
I know Governor Doty very well. I think he
is as wise and prudent and just an officer as we
have. 1 do not kno w that thcie is a more faithful
and just officer in any department of the Govern-
ment. I wish to say another thing to the Senator
from Maine. I believe there has been a great rev-
olution in the -t of our Indian affairs since
this Administration came into power. 1 believe
that to-day the affairs of the Indian department are
just as well conducted as we could expect them to
be under the circumstances. While I think there
ought to be a salutary change wrought in the whole
Indian policy, still I believe that department is to-
day managed about as well as we could expect or
hope it to be. I believe this appropriation is just,
and I believe it will be economical in the enu. f
indorse what the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs said, when he remarked
that the Committee on Indian Affairs were as care-
ful of the Treasury of the nation as the Commit-
teeon Finance orany othercommittee of this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i should like to have the
amendment read. 1 want to hear the exact phrase-
ology of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) It will be read again.
The Secretary read, it as follows:
For clothing, food, and other accessary expenses of the
Indian seivice m Utah Territory, to be expended under the
dnection ot the supoiintendont, for the yeai ending June
30, 1863, 3^0,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor fiom Wisconsin whether he had not bettercut
down the appiopriation one half. The fiscal year
is half gone and more.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think ithad better stand
as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This appropriation is for
the present fiscal year. The year is very nearly
gone, and I think the Senator, if he desires to
carry the amendment, should cut it down at least
one half. I will move to amend the amendment
by striking out " twenty" and inserting " ten."
Mr. NESMITH. 1 hope the amendment of
the Senator from Maine will not prevail. The
necessity for this appropriation was discussed in
the committee with the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs; and from his statement and the under-
standing of the committee, it seems that the last
Congress having failed to make the appropriation
of money required for these Indians, they were
left destitute, and the Department have gone and
advanced money, and have expended a large pro-
portion of this sum. About half the fiscal year
remains, in which it will be necessary to make
appropriations. The winter is very severe in that
country, and the Indians require sustenance and
support and assistance m the spring of the year.
They have but very few facilities for obtaining
food during the winter. In the spring they are
always very poor; and that is the time they are
most likely"to depredate on the mail route winch
passes through that country, and on the emi-
grants. The emigiants passover that route in
