1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBS.
conclusion. Who can tell, in a gigantic war like
oars, what Government bonds will bring; twelve
months hence? They may be up, or they may be
down. Why, sir, the bonds of England , France,
and Austria fluctuated and varied all the way from
par down to less than fifty cents on the dollar.
When Bonaparte was in Egypt, the French secu-
rities were sold for about the amount of a single
year's interest. With our extraordinary and un-
exampled resources, we do not expect that our
bondacan fall very low; but when $1,000,000,000
are in the hands of the people, and large amounts
always upon the market, it would be strange in-
deed if they should remain at an unvarying stand-
ard of value. Hitherto they have amounted to a
mere trifle compared to what we must speedily
create for war purposes; and the important events
that are crowding upon us must determine, to a
great extent, the value of our national securities.
Admit, for the sake of the argument, the prop-
osition of the Secretary, that $250,000,000 of our
bonds are absorbed by the new Sankmg associa-
tions; admit that they issue thatamount of paper,
dollar for dollar, or ninety per cent., as the bill
provides; a panic comes, either from the long con-
tinuance of this or another war, or from one of
those periodical panics, the result of a financial
crisis which our country is always subject to, and
which it. is impossible to avoid, and what must be
the result? As usual, a run upon the banks, their
utter inability to pay upon demand, and a for-
feiture of their bank privileges. Governmentsecu-
rities, from being suddenly thrown upon the mar-
• ket from all quarters, must fall at least twenty per
cent., perhaps forty. Those of the broken banks
must be sold to pay the biil holder; and by the time
a dividend is declared, he will find himself minus
one third or one half the face of his notes; and
this result is as sure to come, sooner or later, as
that the scheme is adopted, el&e the whole history
of banking and traffic in stocks is a fable. If the
Northwest could lose $5,000,000 on precisely the
same principle, on a basis of• only $13,000,000,
how much must the people of this country lose
when two or three hundred millions in bonds are
suddenly thrown upon the market in agreat finan-
cial revolution ?
I have thus far supposed that the people are to
be the losers, as usual, when these banks fail;
but, in the biil of the Secretary, the Government
is made to assume all responsibility, all losses,
and pay dollar for dollar for their depreciated cur-
rency. The Government, in that case, will be
compelled, from the fall of its bonds,- to go into the
market and exchange its bonds, even if worth no
more than seventy cents on the dollar, for par cur-
rency, thus pocketing all intermediate loss. As
no Government in the world could stand the con-
tinued dram of such a loss, and no Congress is
likely to adopt any such principle, I shall not lose
time in discussing it.
It is said, however, that this kind of banking
is a success in New York. Not, dir, in the sense
of the Secretary's recommendation—to secure as
wide a circulation of notes and as large a sale of
bonds as possible. The New Yoik banks mainly
depend for profits upon paid-in capital, deposits,
and discounts. The bestof them issue notes more
for con venience than profit. 8aid General Spinner,
to me, of that State, our admirable United States
Treasurer—a gentleman, by the way, who has
had thirty years'experiencc in banking—"Jlbank
that depends upon the issue of bills for success, w no
bank at all." Banks of this sort exhaust them-
selves in the very purchase of bonds that give
them existence, and are ready to close up at the
first pressure in the money market. Indeed, it is
almost impossible to keep out a full circulation in
the West, unless you locate, as has been done,
banks far away from any railroad, in some ob-
scure place, where they cannot be reached, except
at a large cost of money, time, and travel. As
exchange is generally against us, half or one per
cent., the demand for exchange upon the weak
stock banks forces, in their circulation, and gen-
erally makes short work of them. They come
into life with little breath, and a gust of wind suf-
fice th to take that little away. For this and other
reasons, there are few such banks in Ohio, where,
if capitalists were disposed, they could locate
them, as they are there recognized by a general
law. One of ourwestern editors remarksupon the
new scheme with marked good sense, as follows:
"Again, we see no reason for an intermediate agency be-
tween the Government and the people in tins matter of the
currency. Elaborate a" the plan is, we s ee nothing In it
which adds to the security of the bill holder. The basis of
the banks would be the national ciedit. Treasury notes
are the representatives of that credit—nothing more. The
notes are already issued, and more are to follow. Why
then go groping aiound to find corporations which will
swap their promises to pay tor the bonds of the Govern-
ment, and is^ue the former to the people, themselves pock-
eting, a* pay for this kindness, the interest on the bonds
and notes alike ? What's the use of ail this?"
Other and very serious objections lie against
the system, which we shall hot discuss; as, for
example, the tremendous power it would place in
the hands of a Secretary of the Treasury—a
power that few men, if any, should possess—of
the unlimited and constant sending out and with-
drawal of notes, as banks failed or started into
life, and the fearful liability of fraud at some pe-
riod, when not millions, but hundreds of millions,
must be passing and repassing from numerous
hands to and from all parts of the country. Even
the sale of the bills of broken banks, and the di-
vision of the proceeds among thousands of bill
holders, would prove an immense and very re-
sponsible business of itself. The danger would
increase with changing administrations, and the
country would have more to fear from so gigantic
a scheme than fr op) ten United States banks, such
as was so loudly cried down in former years.
But this bdl of the Secretary has been so changed
the present session, by himself, as to assume pow-
ers that are not only dangerous, but absolutely
monstrous. For example, that the head of the
new bureau, who is to receive a salary of $5,000
a year, shall be appointed upon the nomination of
the Secretary of the Treasury. Sir, I do not be-
lieve that there is another such provision in the
whole statute-book. To the President belongs the
appointing power, and a provision that a Secre-
tary shall control that power is an innovation
upon the usages of the Government from the be-
ginning. But it also provides that he shall not be
removed without the consent of the Senate; an-
other strange innovation; an attack upon an early
decision of the Senate itself. Not only so, but it
fur! her provides for an unlimited number of clerks
and agents, and in the last section of the bill, for
an unlimited amount of money to carry out the bill
with its vast and intricate machinery. 1 repeat,
that so much assumption of power was never em-
bodied in a bill on finance before. The Secretary
of the Treasury is made a money king, a bank
emperor, compared with which Napoleon is a
dwarf.
Of course, I should feel perfectly safe if the
present Secretary were to administer a law such as
this contemplates; but it would give to some fu-
ture Secretary, intent upon perpetuating his polit-
ical power at all hazards, a money influence that
no one man should ever possess m a republic
like ours.
In my judgment, it would be impossible to sell
bonds in these troublesome times for the object
under consideration; men of means will not buy
them for banking purposes in the face of a great
war. The plan, if tried, will prove a signal fail-
ure. Why not,then,continue the issueofGovern-
ment notes till the amount reaches$500,000,000?
The wants of the countiy lequire this. At the
same time we must carefully limit the circulation
of bank notes, or the country will be flooded with
them to the unsettling of all values. The Ways
and Means Committee have made attempts at this
in their bill, butthe tax on bank notes is too small.
It is absolutely necessary to largely circumscribe
their circulation, and finally, in a reasonable time,
tax the paper out of existence, and after, also, a
sufficient amount of Government money is pro-
vided, otherwise we shall have an inflation that
will prove as injurious as a small war. Now the
banks are largely hoarding legal tender, and send-
ing out their own paper three or four to one. If
this continues, in the final winding up of our af-
fairs half the business men of the country will
be mined. Tins is only the simple history of
bank inflations, and the people of our country
have been cursed to a greater degree by irrespons-
ible paper of this sort than any other civilized peo-
ple on the face of the earth.
I am assured by a member of the Ways and
Means Committee, [Mr. Spauldikg,] that the
amount of money to be raised up to July, 1864,
is $1,100,000,000, not $900,000,000 as the Secre-
tary estimated—a fact that was made to appear in
his speech of day before yesterday. Where is
this large sum to come from? The Secretary of
| theTreasury says that we must go into the market
' and borrow it. u cannot be done; someofitraay
and should be borrowed, but the idea of borrow-
ing the whole is altogether out of the question'. -'
Why, sir, Congress authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury last February to borrow the sufa
of $500,000,000 on bonds of the United States
Government to run from five to twenty years,or as
much of uas he might need; to place those bonds,
in other words, in the market, and sell them at the
market price. Has he done it? Nay, he has sold
only to the amount of some $95,000,000* The
result is we have not the money to pay our sol-
diers by about $45,000,000, this being the amount
that was due them up to January 1, according to
the statement of the Paymaster General. Had
the Secretary carried out the law of Gongress as
we all understand it, not a soldier would have
been without his money a day longer than -the
paymaster could reach him, as we will show. It
will be remembered that a resolution passed this
House about the middle of lust month, reading
as follows:
" Whereas grievous delays happen in the payment of
money due soldiers: Therefore, in orderto ascertain if any,
and what, legislation may be necessary to remedy such
delays, *
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to tumish to this House the reasons why "requisi-
tions of paymasters in tine Army are not promptly filled."
The Secretary made answer as follows:
" No one can feel a deeper regret than the Secretary that
a single American soldier lacks a single dollar of his pay,
and no effort of his has been wanting to prevent such a
condition. It is not in his power, however, to arrest the
accumulation of demands upon the Treasury beyond the
possibility of provision for them under existing legislation.'*
Of course, we do not call in question the mo-
tives of the Secretary, or deny his good intentions;
he has given the answer of his beet judgment;
but we say to this House, and to the country,
that in respect to his power he is obviously mis-
taken; and the evidence of this fact appears in
the following act of Congress, passed February,
1862, (Statutes, page 348:)
" Sec. 2. Jhul be it further enacted, That to enable the.
Secretary of the Treasury to fluid the Treasury notes and
floating debt of the United States, he is hereby authorized to
issue, on the credit of the United States, coupon bonds, or
registered bonds, to an amount not exceeding $500.01)0,000,
redeemable at the pleasure of the United Mates alier five
years, and payable twenty years nom date, and hcaimi*
interest at the rate of six per cent, pel annum, paj able
semi-annually. And the bonds herein authorized shall be
of such denominations, not less than fiity dollars, as may
bedetenmncd upon bytlic Secretary of the Treasury. And
the Secretary ot' the Tiea*ury may dispose of such bonds
at any time, at the market value thereof, for the coin of the
United States, or foi any Treasury notes that have been or
may hereafter be issued under any former act of Congress,
or for United States notes that may be issued under the
provisions of this act; and all stocks, bonds, and other se-
cunties* ol the United States held by individuals, corpora-
tions, or associations, within the United States, shall be
exempt from taxation by or under State authority."
There can be no difference of opinion, I think,
about the meaning of this act; it gives full and
complete authoiity to the Secretary to sell the
bonds, not at par value, not at any specified time
or surti, but " at any time, at the market value there-
of." There has not been a business day o* week
since that time, wh  n any of the many agenis ot
the Seci etary in New York could not have placed
one million, or several millions, in the maiket,
and sold them at or somewhere near par.
That I am correct in my interpretation of this
law is further shown by the action of this House
on the 8th day of the present month. H passed
the following resolution by a vote of 122 to 3, it
being nearly unanimous:
''Resolved, That the Secretary of the Trea>uiy inform the
Hou«e why the Treasury Department lm< not. as auihot ized
*Pby law, provided the means necessary to pay the soldiers of
the Army; and also mlorm the House why the bonds, ii
necessary, have not been sold to meet the payments due the
said soldiers."
The law aulhoiizing the issue of bonds does not
say, as the Secretary indicates in his answer to
this House, atthedaily quotations ofsa/cs in New
York, but at the market price, which everybody
J knows is the price they will bring when placed
; upon the market; but no far-fetched construction
' of this sortshould prevent the/r sale. if there had
t not been a line of law on the subject, in view of
! the wants and sufferings of the soldiers and their
i families, and the dangers of delay in payment,
| every loyal man of the country would have said,
i " Borrow the money at any price,and pay to thu
