1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
Foxes, is now compelled to look after the refugee
Indians in another and some remote locality.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will now call the atten-
tion of the Senate to this lust clause of the bill:
For intercourse with the various Indian tribes between
whom and tins United States there exist no treaty stipula-
tions, including purchase and transpoi tation of provisions,
and presents, and to meet any other expenses requisite to
effect treaties with such tubes, to be expended under tin*
direction of the Secietary of the Interior, $40,000.
I propose to amend that clause by inserting, in
line thirteen hundred and twenty-three, after the
word " Interior," and before " $40,000," the fol-
lowing:
And to enable the Secietaiy of the Interior, under the
direction ofthe President of the United States, io cntorinto
negotiations with Indian tribes for the exchange of lauds,
to provide for theit removal, to airange questions ofbound-
aries between the respective tribe-., and for measures gen-
erally for preserving peace with them.
And then, at the end of the section, to add the
following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary ofthe Interior shall report
to Congress at the commencement of its next session a state-
ment indicating the deposition made of the money hereby
appropriated : And -providedfurther, That hereafter alUpe-
cial agents and commissioners not appointed by the Piesi-
dnnt shall be appointed by the Secretaiy of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITLLE. I now offer an amendment
in relation to an Indian agent m Nevada and an
Indian agent in Utah, making their salaries $1,500
each, instead of $1,000. There is but one agent
in Nevada, and there are two in Utah. One of
the agents in Utah receives $1,500, and the other
but $1,000; and the salary of the agent in Nevada
is but $1,000. It is impossible that persons who
are at all competent to discharge the duties can be
employed for that sum. 1 have here the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and also of the Secretary of the Interior on the
subject. The amendment is to add the following
as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the salaries ot the Indian
agents in Nevada and Utah shall hereafter be at the late of
§1,500 per annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have a good many
application's before the Senate from officers in dif-
ferent sections of the country for an increase of
pay; and 1 am really afraid that if we begin with
the Indian agents, we shall have to follow it up
with others.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These are exceptional
cases.
Mr. NESMITH. I wilt state to the Senator
from Maine, that this only makes their salary the
same as other Indian agents on that side. It gives
them $1,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators say it is only
to make their salaries the same as others, I do not
know that I have any objection to if.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move in line eleven
hundred and seventy-two to strike out "fifteen"
and insert " twenty;" so that the clause will read:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together with
clothing and lbod, teams and fanning tool-., for Indians, for
the southern di&tuct of California, §20,000.
Mr. F&SSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state that the esti-
mate for the southern district of California is
larger than $20,000, and the estimate for the
northern distnct of Californiais much larger than
is appropriated in the bill as it came from the
House. We do not propose to add anything to
the appropriation for the northern district of Cali-
fornia, but it is believed that the sum of at least
$20,000 is necessary to properly carry on the ad-
ministration of the Indian department in the south-
ern district of California. I have no written com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior or
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on this sub-
ject. The communications we have received from
the Commissioner of Indian AiTaits have been
oral, for he was present at one of the meetings of
the committee; and after questioning him partic-
ularly on the subjcct we were satisfied it would
be proper to increase this appropriation at least
$5,000. We have also received a communication
on the subject from the members of the House
representing California, and also some informa-
tion from some of the newspapers printed in the
southern distiictof California, bearing upon the
question. The increase is not large; and the com-
mittee believe that that amount of increase should
be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken
in saying that the appropriation in the bill is less
than the estimate. It is exactly the estimate—
$15,000. Here is the estimate:
For the pm chase of cattle for beef and milk, together with
cloihnmand food, teams and fanning tools, for Indians, for
the southern disulct of California, $15,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in a conversa-
tion with him on the subject, that he asked for
$25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; that is in the
northern district of California. The estimate for
the northern district was $25,000, and it was so in
the original bill; but it was increased to $35,000
in the House of Representatives. The biil as it
originally stood, when reported from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, was exactly according
to the estimates, $25,000 for the northern district
and $15,000 for the southern.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Commissioner of In-
dian A flan s must have been mistaken. My atten-
tion has not been particularly called to the estimate
itself. He informed me that he estimated for the
southern district $25,000, I think. Peihaps his
estimate may have been reduced by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it could not be
reduced by the Secretary of the Treasury, lie
does not reduce them at all. He takes them pre-
cisely as they come from the other Departments.
This is as it went from the Secretary of (he Inte-
rior, exactly. In the House of Representatives
the matter was very much discussed, and they
increased the estimate of the Secretary for the
northern district from $25,000 io $35,000, but they
did not inciease the estimate for the southern dis-
trict. I submit that on such loose statements and
applications from gentlemen who represent that
section it is hardly safe to increase this appropri-
ation. I think he must have confounded the two
districts.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the chairman
will withdraw that amendment. There seems to
be some misnnder/standmg about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I may mistaken on the
subject of the estimates. I thought it was below
the estimates.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but it is pre-
cisely the estimates as they are published.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
in on the adoption of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I will withdraw that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I now offer an amendment
to add the following as additional sections to the
bill:
Sec. —. And be it further cnacled, That it .shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the I ntet mr to cau^e to be surveyed, as
soon as practicable, in confoimity with the sjMein adopted
forthe suivey of public land-, all that tractofland in Califor-
nia known as the Mendocino Indian re-ci vation, and de-
scribed as follows, namely. Ijingand being between the
sout!i bank ofthe Noyo uvci, mi a< to include that river, and
the Cully Bull farm, on the south side thereof, and a point
one mile north ot the mouth of Hale or Becdaioe creek, and
extending eastwardiy tiom the co.ist foi quantity, so a-, to in-
clude the valleys beyond the fhM lange ol hills, to the Coast
mountains, and conforming to their shape, so as to include
an area not exceeding twenty-five thousand acies ol laud
Sec — And he it further en-acted, That when said lands
shall have been suiveyed, a> herein provided, it shall be
the duty ot the Secretaiy of the hiteiioi to cause the same,
to be advertised for sale m Mich manner and foi such time
as will, in ins judgment, give notice to ail persons likely to
bid at such sale, and secur" the best price theiefoi, and
shall, at the time appointed, cause the same to be so'd m
sopainte nacts at public outcry ; and if, m the opinion ofthe
Secietary, the same "-hall have been sold tor the bot price
that coufd be obtained, and tor a l.ur value for the land and
improvements, he shall appiove o( -ueh sales, and upon the
pa j merit ofthe purchase money shall cause a patent to i<,suc
to the purchaser or puieha^ejs, le^nectivelv.
Sic. —. Jlnd he it further enaeted, That the lands com-
prising what i.s known as the Nome L.icke renovation, in
said State, shall be sold in like manner, and subjectto like
restrictions and reservationsasarecontamedin the pieced-
mg section^u relation to the lands of the Mendocino reser-
vation.
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That no portion ofthe
land embraced m either of the ienervations hereinbefore
mentioned shaW be subject to pieemption; but after the
same shall have been offered a! public sale, as is herein-
before provided, such tracts as aie unimpioved shall be sub-
ject to private entry at the rate of £1 25 pet acie.
Sec.—. And beitfurther enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to -appoint a commissi©!}.
consisting of the surveyor general of California, and twtf
other competent and meet persons; they shall receive a
reasonable compensation for their services, provided ihst
the allowance ofthe same to the first named sbali not lie 1q
conflict with existing law?, who.-e duty it shall be io nicest
in Round valley, Mendocino count}, California, on or bo-
fore lhc first Monday ofJune next, and proceed to investi-
gate the claims of actual settler? upon theresci valiou in said
valley, and make a fair and just appraisement of all im-
provements made by such settlers in said valley previous io
the 1st day of Januaiy, lHoB; and thereupon said commis-
sion shall teportsnid appraisement, and the evidence upon
which the same is based, to the Secretary of the Interior for
his approval; and if the same shall be approved, u shall be
his duty to cau«e to be issued, re-pcctiv< ly, to & ich settlers
certificates showing the value of the improvements made
and owned by them, respectively,on «aid reservation, on or
before thesaid 1st clay ot January, 1859.
See. —. And he itfuy ther enacted,Thai so much ofthe pro-
ceeds of the sales of the lands herein provided for as may
be necessary shall be set apatt for, and applied to, the pay-
ment ot the ceitificates issued under the piovisions of the
pieceding section of ihi-? act, and the surplus, if any, shall
beexpemled forthe Indians residing in the northern district
of said State, tor removing them to their new homes and
estnbifshing them in agrieultuial pin-uiitrf.
Sec. —. Ami he it ftother enacted. That what is known aa
the Round Valley reservation in said Stale shall be, and the
same is heicby, so eulaiged a* io embrace within its limits
the tiact oi country bounded a-« follows, to wit: commen-
cing at a point opposite the junction oi the north and south
foiks ot Eel nver, on the south bank ot the south fork of
i Eel liver; thence southwaidly, at right angles with said
south bank, one half mile ; thence up said south fork, and
patallel with the south side thereof, to a point opposite the
junction ol the middle and south folks of 13el i iver; thence
noithwardly to said junction ; thence to the summit of the
main i tdge or mountain on the southeast side of said mid-
dle fork; thence along the mam divide to the Tehama
county line; thence with said line northwardly to the sum-
mit ol lhc main dividing ridge oi mountain on the north side
of the noith folk of Eel liver; thence following that divide
to a point oppo-ite the place ot beginning; thence to the
place of beginning: ami the same s,lmll be, and is beieby,
set apait toi the peipetual use and occupation ofthe Indians
icsidinc within the limits of the northern district of Cali-
fornia known as Indians of the interior, as contiiuUsttn-
miished fiom the Coast Indians; ami^fishall be the duty of
the SecM-tPiy of the Interior to cause the exterior bounds
of the leservation heieby created and enlarged to be sur-
veyed, and a map ot the came made and filed m ins otfice
as soon atter the approval of tins act as may be practicable.
See. —. And belt further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of ihc superintending agent of the northern district of Cali-
fornia, under the direction of the Commissioner of Indian
Affair*, to pioceed, as soon after the approval of this act as
may be practicable, to concentrate all the Indians residing
in said distuct upon the reservation hereby established.
Sec. —. And heitfaithei enacted, That it shall not be law
fill lor any peison other than the Indians and their agent,
and employes of the Government, to reside or enter upon
said Round Valley ic«erve, or upon such other leserve as
may be established for said Indians; and it shall be the duty
of such agent and employes to the utmost of tneir ability
to lestrain «,aid Indians fiom depai ting from said reserve or
iceive-,, and it shall be their iurthei duty to remove there-
fiom all persons not lawfully upon said icservcs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this is a
fuilher iliustiauon of the difficulty which I stated
with regard to the other amendment or bill that
was put on this bill. Tins proposition has not,
to my knowledge, been discussed in the Senate.
It is a perfectly new system to be adopted for the
Indians in California. The Senate will perccive
the great impropriety of putting a bill of this kind
on this Indian appropriation bill. We cannot have
the discussion and examination upon it, at this pe-
riod of the session on an appropriation bill, that
we ought to have. If we put it on, it goes back
to the House of Representatives, and js refeired
to the Committee of Ways and Means. What do
they know about it? They will strike it off, as
a matter of conise; and it brings us in collision
with them. I cannot argue it. I could not even
understand it when it was read. Nobody can un-
derstand a bill of this sort by the meie leading;
and I sincerely hope that the Senate will not fol-
low what I beg to say most respectfully was an
evil example with reference to the Kansas Indi-
ans, by putting on a provision so verv extensive
in its opeiation as this is on this bill. I must call
for the yeas and nays upon it, and see if the Sen-
ate aie disposed to do it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. The honorable Senator from
Maine is mistaken about one thing. The amend'
ment that is now offered by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs is, in substance, the same that was
adopted at the last session by the Senate on the
Indian appiopriation bill. The Senate insisted
j upon it, and it was only stricken out by a com-
mntee of conference. The Senator will pardon
| me tor saying—I mean no disrespect to him—that
(| if we w<ie to discuss it for a very long time, prob-
i ably he would have no more light upon it than
;j he has now. It is a matter thatis especially within
ij the knowledge of the Secretary of the Interior, or
il his Department, so far as these boundaries are
