1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
concerned. That branch of his office where the
documents in relation to these lands arc kept is the
' only depository, I suppose, that has any knowl-
edge on the subject, for I have none myself as re-
gards all these desciiptions. They are derived
from the Department alone.
The purport of the amendment is simply to
abolish the reservations in the northern districtof
California and place all the Indians upon one res-
ervation. ft provides for the abandonment of two
or three of the reservations in the north and aeon-
centration of the Indians upon one reservation
called the Round Valley reservation. I think I
demonstrated on a previous occasion that it would
be a saving to the Government, and 1 recollect that
I had the hearty cooperation of the Senator from
Maine, because it was quite evident it would largely
curtail the expenditures of the Government for the
Indians in the State of California. It would get
rid of two or three supervisors, about three la-
borers on each reservation, and all the attending
expenses which are provided for in the general
appropriation bill.
I sincerely hope that the Senate will adopt this
proposition. It is not a question about which I
intend to have any contest. The wholedelcgation
from my State, I may say, are a unit on tins prop-
osition as the best one that has been produced to
subserve the interests of the Indians and also the
interests* of the Government. There is no doubt
in the world that the Indians in that State have
cost the Government entirely too much money.
There is too great an expenditure there; and the
■whole object of the various sections which have
been read is to reduce these expanses; to allow
the Government to pass the title out of itself the
best way it can, under the supervision of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, to two reservations,
and concentrate*#! the Indians into the Round
Valley reservation, and get rid of the settlers there
by the terms proposed in the bill.
But, as I said before, it is not a matter about
which I intend to have any discussion or contest.
Jf the Senate see fit to adopt it 1 shall be very
happy, because I feel that it will be serving the
public interest; but if they are content to see the
public money expended, in my judgment squan-
dered, by keeping up all these reservations in Cali-
fornia, after the delegation have protested against
it, and say it is unnecessary, then the responsi-
bility is upon Congresss and not upon the repre-
sentauvcj of the State.
Mr. RICE. Has it been recommended by the
Department ?
Mr. LATIIAM. Certainly it has been recom-
mended by the Department. Will it be in order
to amend the amendment before the question is
taken? There are one or two amendments that
I wish to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. LATHAM. In section seven of the printed
amendment,after the word " California,1' I move
to strike out the following words, "known as In-
dians of the interior as contradistinguished from
the Coast Indians;'* so that the clause will read:
And the same shall bo, and is hereby, get apart for the
perpetual use and occupation ofihe ledums, residing within
the limits of the northern district of California, and it shall
be the duty, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sec-
retary whether the blank in section five of the
printed amendment has been filled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is filled by
the insertion of the word "Juno."
Mr. LATHAM. Very welt. I now move to
amend the amendment by adding the following as
additional sections:
he itfuitker unacted, Thai so <oon as the foregoing
provi-don-. are put into effect, tho bupermtciiduig njient for
the northern di.-tncl ot California thai! tr-ade oiuhc Round
\alley ie^eivation, and *upei intend Die Indians. He shall
employ ihieo labomd on >aid icservatiou, at the late ot
forty dollar-? p<-r month and board for eaeh, said laborer.- to
itssisf in iusiiueuiitf tile indtan-. m <mrieultmai pui-.nits,
ana collecting them upon the les-ei vat ion ; and all the pies-
ent supervi^oi son all the rc-ei valious; hull be di^couiinu'd.
.Riul be it finthet e/viclfd. That I lie* -upejuitcndino: a went
tor the southern district i-hall le^ide upon the ie>t.'ivation
decided upon, and etnpio\ the I.ihoieis, and Mipeiintern!
the instruction of the huhtii-., ihe -an:e a-i>- pr«i-ciibod in
the foregoing section toi the notthein -up< iimcmK-nt.
Mr. SHERMAN. The temptation to putnders
on appropriation bills is so great that h is very
difficult to resist them. I know I have often
been inclined to vote for propositions that ap-
peared reasonable to me as amendments to ap-
propriation bills; and notwithstanding what I said
here a month or two ago about these amend-
ments, I found myself voting for what I think a
very just project as an amendment to an appro-
priation bill only a few days ago. The honor-
able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] pro-
posed to repeal the fishing bounties, a repeal
which I think is demanded by the very reason
upon which the fishing bounties were originally
authorized; but it was moved as an amendment
to an appropriation bill, and I voted for it. 1 am
sorry tliat I voted for it in that place. I am very
much in favor of the repeal of the fishing boun-
ties; but I am sorry that I voted for it as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
The same feeling that induced me to vote for that
constantly induces Senators to violate whai is ab-
solutely necessary if we intend to legislate wisely
and well; and that is, to keep every class of bt I is by
itself. Now, here is a bill which the Senator from
California vouches for as being a vei y useful propo-
sition. It has no connection with the appropria-
tion bill, has no pertinence to it, has no kindred to
it, except that both relate (o Indian afTaiis. One
is intended to carry into execution existing law;
makes appropriation to cany into effect existing
law; the otlu-i repeals existing law and establishes
a new system; and yet the very same bill contains
appropriations to carry into effect the old law,
which is repealed. They are incongruous.
Our rules provide that bills shall be lead three
times, and a single objection will prevent them
fiom being lead twice on the same day. All these
rules are intended to guard against hasty legisla-
tion. Heie is a long bill, I do not know whether
it has been read a first and sccond time. If it has
been, it has been as an independent bill, and then
refeired to the Committee on Indian Affans. If
it is attached here to the appropriation hill it will
be adopted upon the faith we give to the Com-
mittee on Indian A (fairs, without any examination
by the House of Representatives and without any
examination by the Senate, his impossible, at
this stage of the se-ssion, to consider these mat-
ters.
I always pity the chairman of a Finance Com-
mittee in a predicament of this Itind. It is his duty
to remonstrate against these amendments. It is
his duty to keep them oil'. They are clearly in
violation of the spit it of the rules. If they are at-
tached as amendments, they go back to the House
of Representatives, and go to a committee that
know nothing about the matter; they go to the
Committee of Ways and Means. They are not
considered in the House of Repiescntati ves at all.
They finally <;o to a committee of conference; anu
there, foi the first time, are considered by members
of both Houses. The confcience commit tees are
always appointed upon the recommendation of
the money committees; the committees that have
charge of the bills. These conferences aie not
formed with a view to an examination into these
amendments. Thus, upon a meie proposition,
adopted sometimes in a thin Senate, in the foim
of an amendment, an important law is foiced
through Congress without having been considered
fairly by anybody, except by the committee fiom
whotnitis reported. Itis plain that such a modeof
legislation is unwise,and that we ought to resist it.
At an early period of this session we did agree—
at least we adopted by a pretty decided vote what
I supposed was a rule—to exclude everything
' from an appropriation bill that did not properly
I pertain to an appiopriation bill; that is, that did
! not affect m some way an appropriation. We
• have a right to limit an appropriation, to control
i it, to direct it, to qualify it, to add to it, to add
j other appropriations. A great variety ofamend-
j ments are proper, consistent, pertinent; but here
;l is an independent proposition, having no connec-
ji tion with appropriations, inconsistent with exUt-
ji mg appropi iations, pi oposed to be attached to an
;! appi opriation bill; and that, too, without any re-
|j flection orconsideration. I know that when a Sen-
j; ator lias made up his mind in favoi of a particular
j; pioject lie dislikes to vote against that project as
I! an amendment. A Senator says, mi healing the
{! statement of the Senator from California, 's i lather
like this new mode of managing Indian afiaus in
California," without reflecting that by putting it
on this bill he denies to the other House any op-
portunity of constdeiing it, and passes an impoi t-
ant change in existing law upon the recommend-
ation of a single committee, or sometimes on the
movement of one Senator.
For the reason which I have stated I shall vote
against this amendment without any reference to
us merits, simply to carry out what 1 conceive to
be the correct rule of legislation; and I piobably
should not have risen on this occasion to ex-
press my opinion on it but for the fact that, in my
earnest desne to repeal the fishing bounties I vio-
lated my own rule. Hereafter I will endeavor not
to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. In regard to the
provision of the amendment offered by the Senator
from California, which requites the superintendent
to reside on the reservation, I have had occasion
to examine the subject and pay some attention to
that particular matter, and I doubt whether that
provision ought to he adopted in view of all the
en cumstances. The other provisions of th? amend-
ment I think are properenough, and 1 feel inclined
to support them.
Mr. LATHAM. This proposition was pre-
sented in the House of Representatives, and was
introduced by my colleague here as a separate bill
at the request of one of the Representatives of the
other House. It has been considered by the Com-
mittee on Ind'an Affairs in that body, and will not
be, as the Senator from Ohio suggests, entirely
new matter to them. This is the same Congress
in which this very question was agitated at the
last session. The whole Committee of Ways and
Means are familiar with this subject. The matter
was discussed before that committee at the last
session fully; the delegation from California wore
invited to come before the committee, in ordei that
their respective views might be heard. It will
not be, as the Senator from Ohio seems to appre-
hend, new matte i to the House of Representatives;
it is an old subject; it has been discussed there,
and it has been discussed here.
Mr. WILKINSON. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator from California whether his amendment is
not nearly the same proposition that was before
Congress at the last session and defeated.
Mi. LATHAM. In substance it is. It was
put on the appropriation bill by the Senate; re-
jected by the House of Representatives; the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendment; and I recollect
that the Senate refused toadoptthe report of one
committee of conference, and a second committee
of conference struck it out because they did not
think it was of sufficient importance at the close
of the session to defeat the Indian appropriation
bill. Therefore, as I said, it is not new matter.
The Senate will excuse me for saying further
that at that time there was an unfortunate dispute
among the delegation as to the proper mtans.
They all agreed that something should be done,
but they differed as to the pi oper means of getting
at the leductiou of these Indian reservations. It
was ovei that dispute that the measure failed atthe
last session of Congress. At this session, how-
ever, it has been caiefully prepared under the su-
pervision of the Secretary of the Intenor; if has
been submitted to alt the delegation and they are a
unit on the proposition. In that respect we differ
from the last session of Congtess.
Now, let me recall to the attention of the Senate
what is the condition of affairs so far as these
reservations in California at present are concerned,
and they can see the necessity at once of having
some legislation on this subject. You have got
tint fa or four reservations m the noithern portion
of California, nominally. You make your appro-
priations foi employing supervisors and laborers.
Some of these leservations aie in the very heart
of the white settlements. The settlers are gradu-
ally crowding on the reset rations and appropria-
ting the land to their own uses and purposes. The
Indians are being driven off, going into the mount-
ains or the valleys,really deriving no benefit fiom
the annual appropriations made by Congress for
their supervision, and yet the money is regularly
expended,and will beaslong as thisstate ufaffairs
continues.
Now, what do we propose^ Simply that the
Government shall part with its title to two of the
i reservations and concentrate all the Indians in a
third one lhat is .separate and apart fiom the
whites, extinguishing the titles of the few settleis
that are upon it, and abolish all the supervisors
and laboreis connected with the others, thereby
diminishing the expenses in the same proportion
that one reservation stands to three or five. That
