1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84
There are now $250,000,000 of notes issued. By
virtue of the legal tender clause, we have taken that
amount from the people, whether "willing or un-
willing, and the proposition now is to issue
$300,000,000 more, and take from them that
amount by this forcible levy.
There is another way of raising this same
amount of money, and that way is to borrow it,
by issuing bonds and selling them to anybody
who wishes to loan money to the Government.
In that way the people can contribute voluntarily,
at such a price as may be agreed upon between
them and the Government.
I object to the issuing of these notes. I have
high respect for the committee that produced this
bill, but I very reluctantly differ from them in the
conclusion that this bill will answer the purpose.
About a year ago now, I advocated and voted for
a legal tender clause to the bill authorizing the
issue of $150,000,000 of money. In my judgment,
the issue of that amount was safe. The history
of this Goveifcnent in its earliest stages, of Eng-
land in her financial struggles, of Russia, France,
and Austria, teaches simply this—that a moderate
issue of paper money is safe, but that an excessive
issue is dangerous. It is the same teaching in public
life that every man experiences in private life—
avoid excess. That is the whole lesson that finan-
cial history teaches. Now we have arrived at a
point where an issue of $250,000,000 has been
made, and what is the effect? We do not need
books or learned financiers to tell us that the issue
of that sum ran down the currency to thirty per
cent, below par, and the prospect of issuing
$300,000,000 more has run it down to forty-five
percent, below par. Now, if the effect of an ex-
pectation of this new issue has been to depreciate
the currency, not moderately one and two per cent.,
but by a jump from thirty to forty-five percent.,
can any gentleman say that in the next sixty days
it will not be seventy-five per cent. ? Look at the
stock board and see the doings of the sensible men
who manage affairs there, and manage them not
politically, but for no other purpose than to make
money. They indicate accurately the value of
the paper you issue here. The first batch stood
at par; the second depreciated thirty per cent.;
and the prospect of issuing more has to-day run
it down almost one half.
When you have arrived at a certain point of de-
preciation, then comes in the element of distrust,
and when distrust comes in there is no limit that
can be fixed to the depreciation. And as the depre-
ciation increases, the reason for depreciation mul-
tiplies in exact proportion. So a depreciation of
fifty per cent, brings about a depreciation of sev-
enty-five with very much more rapidity than the
first depreciation of thirty per cent, was reached.
Now, I say that the Government, placed in its
present alarming situation, should do as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommends, as is em-
bodied in the Senate bill onourdesks. We have
six weeks of the Congress remaining, and now
let us issue currency enough for temporary pur-
poses, and await the development of the future.
We should issue these legal tender notes to a mod-
erate amount, accompanied by an issue of bonds,
giving to the Secretary of the Treasury the priv-
ilege,°as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] well contended, of selling them at the
market value. That is sufficient for the present.
Thirty days hence our prospects may be better;
they can hardly be worse, and every patriot's
fervent prayer is that they may be better. And
as I believe in God, as does the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Loyejoy,] I believe they will be
better. If our circumstances improve, then we
■will go upon the money market with ^assured
strength, founded notupon declarations, but upon
works. For these reasons, most reluctantly, 1 am
constrained to vote against the proposition now
pending.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 merely wish to say, as the
gentleman doubted my wisdom in financial mat-
ters, I do not see that he has pointed out a single
flaw in my argument.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say a single word just here. I understand that
the Committee of Ways and Means have made a
reasonable provision in reference to important ex-
isting institutions; and no man who has ever ex-
amined the banking system can fail to understand
how closely and intimately it is interwoven with
the whole business of New England, and how
dependent to-day a very large proportion of that
business is upon the banking system as it exists.
Whether it is the best possible system which hu-
man ingenuity and experience can devise, is not
a practical question for a statesman to ask now.
If you desire to change an institution of that sort,
rou must make the change a gradual one; and
therefore think the Committee of Ways and
Means have done wisely in attempting to re-
press the undue circulation of bills of these insti-
tutions; while at the same time they have not at-
tempted such a measure as would result in their
immediate destruction and overthrow. There-
fore, although I am desirous to retain for New
England this circulation of the banks, I am will-
ing to vote for this moderate tax upon that circu-
lation. But to regulate and restrain is a very dif-
ferent thing from taking the course proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois, which would destroy
the system.
Mr. PIKE. When I said I was opposed to this
present bill, I ought to have added that I was
heartily in favor of the provision therein con-
tained, for a moderate taxation of the banks. But
the idea of the gentleman from Illinois is, that
while \ve have this great political war on our
hands, we shall, on the top of it, initiate a finan-
cial war against the banks.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
see the wisdom, if my house in the West or in the
East is built on sand, while the house in another
section is built firmly and on a rock, of attempt-
ing, because my house is washed away, to de-
stroy the other house. In other words, I do not
see the wisdom of the gentleman claiming that an
institution so valuable to the business of New
England, sointerwoven with it that its immediate
destruction would be the immediate destruction
of the property of New England, should be de-
stroyed instead of being restrained and regulated.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish that, instead of using
these general terms, the gentleman would point
out precisely what is destroyed, and how.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the gentleman from Illinois that a large pro-
portion of the business men of New England de-
pend upon the banks in their neighborhood for
the transaction of their business; and that an im-
portant part of the business of the banks is their
circulation. More particularly in Massachusetts
they cannot exist without their circulation, and
support the burdens already imposed upon them
by the State government. Therefore, while I
am willing to restrain their circulation within rea-
sonable limits, I am not willing to see adopted a
rash and radical measure which would destroy
the institutions themselves.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Now,Mr.Chairman, I want
to say that in Europe the people get along with-
out these banks.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Where
does the gentleman say that the people get along
without banks ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The people of Europe get
along without them, excepting in Great Britain.
And, by the way, I want to say a word now about
that nation.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
that the morning will be a better time for a trip
to Europe. It is too late to-night. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. It has been said, I think, in
some of the arguments that we have heard on this
bill, that if we got an immense debt upon us it will
bind us together; and the British debt is quoted
as an example and precedent. Now, 1 intended
to have said—and I trust the Christian patience
of my friend from Pennsylvania will hold out until
I Say—that the result of the British national debt
has been this: the small independent landholders
are disappearing from the country, and all the real
estate is being swallowed up by large landholders,
bringing forcibly to mind the lines of Goldsmith:
" III fares the land, to ha tcnin2 ille a prey,
Where wealth accumulates ami men decay."
That is the result of the national debt in Eng-
land, and that is its result everywhere.
Now, sir, in regard to another point. I insist,
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
if these banking institutions have actual wealth,
that wealth does not. consist in their notes, for
they constitute the debt. They represent the cred it
which the banks obtain from those who hold their
notes. If they have actual wealth, they can sub-
stitute Federal Treasury noteefor their ownnotes.
If the manufacturer receives notes and-pays them
out to his factory girls and hired hands, and-if
they want to deposit them- in the savings battk^
the Federal notes can be received, paid, ana de-
posited as well as the notes of the Suffolk or any-
other bank. The amendment which I advocate
does not destroy anything. It simply substitutes
the Federal currency for thecurrency of the banks*
destroying nothing and injuring nothing. To res-
verse the picture presented by the gentleman from „
Massachusetts, 1 ask that you must not insist
that a house shall be built on sand in my coun-
try, where, sooner or later, as we all know, it
must fall.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,according to order,had the Union gen-
erally under consideration,and particularly House
bill No. 659, to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed joint resolution of the House No. 133, to
provide for the immediate payment of the Army
and Navy of the United States.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, it was ordered
that all debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the bill to provide ways
and means for the support of the Government
shall close at half past two o'clock to-morrow.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. STEVENS entered amotion to reconsider
the vote by which certain resolutions, offered by
him, were yesterday postponed until the second
Tuesday in February.
GRANT OF LAND TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill granting land to the
State of Michigan for the construction of a wagon
road for postal and military purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
LAKE DEFENSES.
Mr. WASHBURNE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to construct
a ship canal for the'passage of armed and naval
vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake Mich-
igan, and for the enlargement of the locks of the
Erie canal and of the Oswego canal, in New York,
to adapt them to the defense of the northern lakes.
Mr. PENDLETON objected.
Mr. VAN HORN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from a select com-
mittee a bill to construct a ship canal for the pas-
sage of armed and naval vessels between Lake
Erie and Lake Ontario.
Mr. OLIN objected.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled joint resolution
(PI. R. No. 133) to provide for the immediate pay-
ment of the Army and Navy of the United States;
when the Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
.Friday, January 16, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderi-and.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sell-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, submitting estimates for the Capitol exten-
sion and the new dome, accompanied by a letter
from the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and
also a printed report of Thomas U. Walter, arch-
itectof the Capitol extension, asking for an appro-
priation; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
