1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cases got into the bills. That fact, however, does
not change the rule of the Senate which excludes
them. The precedents do not change the rule,
and I therefore must insist upon the pomtof order
which I made. If the Senator will confine his
amendment to that deficiency, which is a real de-
ficiency, for the time during which an appropria-
tion was not made to pay this person since he has
held the office, I shall make no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I think 1 ought to ask the vote
of the Senate on this question. It does seem to
me that under the circumstances it would be an
injustice to thisgcntleman if the Senate should not
treat him as it has treated his two predecessors.
I know the rule of the Senate that a private claim
is not to be attached to an appropriation or a de-
ficiency bill, but then the question is, what is a
private claim ? The Senator from Maine does not
define it. He assumes thatthis is a private claim.
Now, according to the precedents, I must say that
it is not a private claim. It is a liability of the
Government for official services, for services ren-
dered. How are we to know whether it is a pri-
vate claim ? By looking at the precedents, by see-
ing how cases of this kind on former occasions
have been treated by Congress. If they have not
been treated as private claims, if they have been
attached to deficiency or appropriati'on bills, then
it seems to me that the inference is thatthis is not
a private claim within the meaning of the rule. 1
submit therefore to the Senate that this case comes
completely within the precedents, and it will be
an injustice, I may almost say a crying injustice,
if we, after having satisfied the two immediate
predecessors of this gentleman, turn him adrift.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that under the 30th rule this amend-
ment is to provide for a private claim, and there-
fore the point of order is well taken, and the
amendment cannot be received.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not venture to appeal
from that decision.
Mr.'FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to correct his amendment so as to include only the
amount about which there is no d<0bt.
Mr. SUMNER. I send up anotheramendment:
For salary of marshal in tlie consular court at Canton,
from the Ut of July, i£50, to "tlie 30th of August, 1860,
$103 76.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read ti third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. Senate bill No.
462 is now before the Senate as the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill con-
cerning arrests; and I will state to the Senate that
I desire to make a brief reply to the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Wuight;] and as he is soon to
leave the Senate, I wish to do it while he is pres-
ent. , , T
Mr. HENDERSON. I thought that I gave
way a few moments ago with a view of taking up
a hill for the consolidation of regiments. I had
no idea at the time that any new business would
be taken up, and gave way expressly with that
understanding.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, Mr.
President, 1 will not object to letting this bill go
over. I understand that the Senator from Mis-
souri desiies to press his bill to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a mo-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky now moves to postpone both
bill's. That is the effect of his motion.
Mr. POWELL. My sole object is to get an
opportunity to make a brief reply to my friend,
the Senator from Indiana, who will very soon
leave his seat, and I do not want to reply to his
speech in his absence. That is my object, and I
hope the Senate will indulge me by taking up the
bill relative to ai rests. After I have made my
speech, I am willing it shall be laid over.
Mr. COLLAMER. Senators desire to be court-
eous to these gentlemen, but we understood that
the Senator from Missouri desired to be heard
this mornin°-,and now the Senatorfrom KeutucKy
desires to be heard. We wish to extend all court-
esy to these gentlemen, but we desire the point
to be settled between them. I believe the Sena-
tor from Missouri first asked us.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will say that, after I shall
have addressed the Senate, which I hope to do
briefly, 1 shall then be willing that the bill which
I have moved to take up shall be laid aside, and
then the bill of the Senatorfrom Missouri can be
taken up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose he would be
willing to do the same—to let his bill be laid aside
after he lias been heard.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Which is first in order, Mr.
President ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give both these
gentleman an opportunity to be heard. _Which
bill is first in order ?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is first in order; and that
is the bill (S. No. 462) to consolidate regiments
and companies.
Mr. CLARK. I understand this to be precisely
the case; the Senator from Missouri endeavored
to call up a bill on which he wishes to address
the Senate; the Senator from Massachusetts then
suggested that he wanted to take up a bill which
was the unfinished business, and while he was
attempting to call that up the Senator from Maine
made a motion which displaced that bill, and we
went on with the deficiency bill; and now the Sen-
ator from Kentucky desires to call up another bill,
so that he may speak upon -it. It seems to me
that the Senatorfrom Missouri is the firstentitled
to be heard by courtesy, if either, and I am desir-
ous that both'may be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is for the
Senate to decide. The question now is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. The only desire I have to ad-
dress the Senate this morningarises from the fact
that the Senatorfrom Indiana will very soon leave
the Senate, and I do not wish to reply to him in
his absence. But for that, I would just as soon
speak on Monday or Tuesday of next week. _
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that is a question
for the consideration of the Senator from Indiana.
If the Senator from Indiana is desirous of hear-
ing the reply, I certainly shall be willing to give
him an opportunity.
The question being put on Mr. Powell's mo-
tion, it was decided in the negative—ayes five,
noes not counted.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The business
now before the Senate is the bill (S. No. 4G2) for
the consolidation of regiments and companies.
Mr. HENDERSON and Mr. POWELL rose.
Mr. POWELL. If that bill is before the Sen-
ate, I can make my speech on that, I suppose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood that the Sena-
tor from Missouri was on the floor for the purpose
of moving to postpone that bill, in ordei to take
up the bill on which he desires to be heard, and
the Chnir recognized him.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rose for that purpose.
Mr. POWELL. I think I am entitled to the
floor on the bill which is before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. But the Senator from Mis-
souri had the floor, and it cannot be taken from
him in this way. .
Mr. POWELL. That is a matter for the Chair
to decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri can now make his motion.
EMANCIPATION" IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 634.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.. K.
No. 634) giving aid to the State of Missouri for
the purpose of securing the abolishment of slavery
in said State was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, the question pending being upon the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary to strike outall after the enacting clause
of the bill, and insert the following substitute:
That vvhenevei satisfactory evidence shall be presented
to the President of the United Suites that the 1^
souu has adopted a law, ordinance, or other<"r
the gtadual or immediate emancipation of all the slaves
merlin, and the exclusion of slavery forever thereafttrfroni
said State, it shall be his duty to pi epare  •>< 
Governorofaiud Sratf. as )ieu'innnerprovided, to bv. by
said State to compensate for the inconveniences produced
by such change of system, bonds.of the United States to tlie
amount of $20,000,000, th*  same to bear interest at. the rate
of five per cent, per annum, and pnyablethirty years
the date thereof: Provided, That the saidfcondsshattliffilji
delivered, as herein directed, unless ihe act of emancipation
shall be adopted bv said State within eighteen months ate
the passage of this act, nor unless said act shall provide thai
slavery or involuntary servitude within said State, except
in punishment of crime, shall forever cease and determine
on some day not later than the 4th day of July,
never afterwards be introduced therein: tAnd promdettyfur?
thcr, That said bonds in their aggregate amount shall, iwt
exceed the sum of $300 for each slave emancipated under
the provisions of this act and the act of emancipation to* ue
passed In the State of .Missouri in pursuance thereof, not
including any slave who has been or shall become free under
tbe provisions of an act entitled " An actto suppress insur-
rection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes,'*-ap-
proved July J7, 1862.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That in case the law
or act of emancipation to be adopted by said State shall pro-
"vidc for the full and perfect manumission of all the slaves
therein on or before the 4th day of July, A. D. 1865, and the
future exclusion of the system of slavery from the State for-
ever thereafter, the President shall cause the whole amount
of said bonds to be prepared and delivered as aforesaid im-
mediately on the passage of said act. But should it provide
for the termination of slaveiy ai a date subsequent to that
last named, the said bonds shall he delivered in four equal
installments, dating from the pa>sa«e of such act to the time
when slavery shall cease under its provisions. ,
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enactcd, That upon the enact-
ment of a law by-said State referring to this act accepting
its provisions, and adopting laws for the ultimate extinction
of slavery therein, the faith of the United States and of the
said State will be pledged to carry out the terms of the com-
pact thus created: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall prevent the State from making at any time such al-
terations or amendments in its emancipation laws as do not
conflict with this act, or such as shall only decrease the
time duiing which slavery may exist in the said State. -
Mr. HENDERSON". Mr.President,inasmuch
as this measure proposes the inauguration of a
new policy in this Grovefnment, I deem it proper
to submit some remarks to the Senate in its sup-
port. Whether it will be passed or not, I cannot
say. When I shall have done all I can to secure
its success, my whole duty will have been dis-
charged. Many objections have been presented,
and many others will be urged. Some may say
that'll recognizes property in man; some will ob-
ject that there is no grant of power in the Consti-
tution to authorize the appropriation; some Will
allege the injustice of compelling the people of the
non-sJaveholding States to assist in removing this •
institution from one of the slave Slates; some will
insist that it is a dangerous precedent, which, if
followed, must bankrupt the nation; while many
will affect to see in it an effort to centralize power
and overthrow the reserved rights of the States.
I shall endeavor to answer specifically some of
these objections, and hope that others maj^he re-
moved by the reasons presented in favor of passing*
the bill. . ■**■ • • u
The measure proposes to assist Missouri in the
effort she is now making to abolish slavery.
The bill reported is substantially the bill which
I had the honor to introduce. The important
changes are in the amount to be given and the
time when slavery shall cease. So soon as that
State shall have adopted measures securing the
immediate or,gradual emancipation of Steves, the
President shall cause to be executed and delivered
to the State bondsto the amount of $20,000,000,
bearing five per cent, interest, and redeemable in
thirty years from date; but in order to secure the
benefits of the act, a system of emancipation must
be adopted within eighteen months from the pas-
sage of this measure by Congress, and must pro-
vide that slavery shall forever cease in the State
on or before tlie 4th of July, 1876. My bill pro-
vided 1885. If the act adopted by the State shall
provide for full and complete emancipation, the
abrogation or abolishment of slavery, on or be-
fore July 4,1865, it is to be considered immediate
emancipation, and the whole amount of bonds
will be at once delivered. The object being to
extend to the State only a sufficient time to put
into execution the provisions of the act, pro-
vided the bonds are at once accepted. Full pay-
ment, under the provisions of the State consti-
tution, must precede the liberation of the slave,
and hence a sufficient time is given to convert the
bonds and pay the owner. Hut should the txcn-
eral Assembly of the State preicr to adopt a sys-
tem of gradual emancipation—that is, a system
j under which slavery would cease wholly to exist
i in the State at a period between the 4th of July;
■ 1865, and the 4th of July, 1816, the bonds will be
! delivered in four equal installments, dating frotr
