THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1(3.
the passage of the act to the date of extinction of
slavery. The enactment of concurrent laws on
the subject by the State and by Congress wilt
create a compact between the two Governments,
fading upon the good faith of each. It is thought
proper to leave the details of the plan to the Gen-
eral Assembly. Uis best for many reasons. That
body isasloyal and as truly devoted to the interests
of the whole country as any that is or will be con-
vened in similar capacity at the capital of any
State in the (Jnion. They have been elected with
spccial reference to this question, understand it in
all its bearings, and- know best what system is
adapted to the local condition of the State. Again:
it is not advisable, if the grant is to be made at
all, that we dispute about details here, for cum-
bersome details ingrafted upon the bill will most
certainly endanger the whole project.
The language of our State constitution is as
follows:
"The General Assembly shall have no power to puss
laws for the emancipation of slaves without the consent
of their owners or without paying them, bcfoie such eman-
cipation, a full equivalent for such slave* so emancipated."
Whilst examining this provision of the Consti-
tution, in a speech which I delivered before the
people of the State last summer, I find the follow-
ing language:
" Tho Legislature ha«j already passed laws for voluntary
emancipation, and many slaves have hern manumitted by
deed or will of tbe owners. The only difficulty in tin- way
of involuntary emancipation by tin- Le islauue i? the want
of fund-s for the payment of ibe value of tbe slaves eman-
cipated In tbe present condition of tho finances o! the
State, it i-* not likely that any legislative body would be so
Insane to undertake the work of raiding means tromthu
people of tins State to purchase the staves, even at their
present depieeiated value, I think it quite probable that
the owncif would not seriously object to taking half their
uvuai value, and setting them at liberty, piovided means
were furnished to colonize them beyond tiie limits of the
State.
"But the mere difficulty of rahmg tbe means does not pre-
vent the agitation ol the question, foi really men1 i- no con-
stitutional obstacle in the way ot aeiton by tbe Le i -latuie
The raiding of the iiiouev makes it, in inv judgment, an
impo- -ilnhiy. but not a violation 01 the Constitution. But
may not Cnngtes< furnish Ibe nece^aiv mean- to the Le-
gislatuie i Again, it may be said that the Legislatute may
provide (or giadual emancipation, scenting payment only
of the value ot those hereafter bom, the p.ijnient to be
made when the slave shall attain a given age. This plan
would leqnne no money at pie-ent, nor foi many vents to
come, and tin n only a pioportion of the whole mini for
each year, until the whole number were manumitted }1
I was then uiging that the "sovereign conven-
tion" of the State, called in the spring of 1661,
to determine upon secession in Missouri, (and
which has not yet adjourned sine die,) should as-
semble again, and, instead of pulling Mi>souri
out of the Union, should put slave iy out of M is-
sourif Although Congiess had expn ssed n will-
ingness to aid any State that might enter upon a
system of canine i pat ton, no intimation was given
at the time of the oxlent to which such aid would
be given. The Legislature could not emancipate
without paying a lull equivalent, in oiher words,
the full value. 1 was of opinion that a majoiity
of the owners would be willing to emancipate for
less than a full equivalent; but the Legislature,
limited in its action by the terms of the Constitu-
tion, co^Sld not carry out this will o|* the majouty.
if the convention had been assembled, and the
members had been willing to act favorably in the
premises, many of the difficulties now standing
in the way ofemancipation in Missouri would have
been removed. The convention was not called to-
gether,and whatever is now done must, be done by
the General Assembly with the aid of Congress.
It is true that a new convention may be called for
the purpose of amending the Constitution, hut this
involves time and lenews the excitement and bit-
ter animosities always attending the discussion
of this subjuct. The present Legislature may
also propose, by atwo-thiids vote of each House,
amendments to the Constitution, and, if adopted
by a similar vote of the next General Assembly,
tiie articles proposed become a part of the monu-
ment. Such a majority in favor of any specific
plan of emancipation, or in favor of emancipa-
tion at ail, could not likely be obtained now or
hereafter. Hence a reliance upon this system of
accomplishing the woik defeats the object en-
tirely.
The State has no money nor credit by which
she can compensate the owners; and emancipa-
tion, without compensation, might be defeated
before the people. The whole question of com-
pensation is with Congress. If tt be thought ad-
visable to effect a settlement of the question in
Missouri, either to save expenditure by the Gen-
eial Government in its future defense, or to initi-
ate the experiment of removing peaceably from
our midst an institution that has certainly been
the cause of alienating the affections of our peo-
ple, and the pretext under which the Government
is sought to be overthrown, now is the accepted
time.
The slave population in Missouri in 1860 was
114,965. In 1850 it was 87,422. The ratio of in-
crease, therefore, for the ten years was 33.50 per
cent., or 3.15 per cent, per annum. During the
period referred to but few slaves were imported
into the State. Assuming the same ratio of in-
crease to have continued, the number of slavesin
the State in 1862 would have been 120,734. Of
this number it may be safely assumed that from
ten to twenty thousand have been removed from
the State. Some have been removed by their
owners to localities further South, while many
have escaped to the free ornon-slavehoIdingSttites.
I think it may also be assumed that from ten to
fifteen thousand of those yet remaining in the
State are properly entitled to their freedom under
the provisions of the confiscation law. If these
assumptions be correct, the average numbers, lost
and freed, would amount to 27,500, leaving to be
paid for 93,234. 1 am aware that the estimate of
slaves lost during the rebellion is made much
larger by many persons m our State; but I think
their judgment is usually predicated upon what
they have seen in their own sections. Some coun-
ties have been deprived of almost their entiie
slave population; but this has occurred usually in
boi der counties, whete but few slaves were owned
pievious to the rebellion.
The only pronnnentcase of a large slaveholding
county beinjf nluiostentirely stripped of its slaves,
is that of Jackson county, lying upon Kansas.
Not only its slave property is destroyed, but ev-
erything else that could be removed or destroyed
has suffered in the same propoi lion. There were
special reasons operating to bringabout this result.
This county was pai tieulai Iy obnoxious to the free
State men of Kansas m 1855-56, and many blows
have been directed against it in a spn it of retalia-
tion for the past. Da ring and desperate rebelleadet s
spiang up in its midst, who, piofessing to protect
the people against abolition outrage, have ninde
it a point, to plunder them of theirproporty. The
other counties, lying north of Jackson, and ad-
joining to Kansas, have lost comparatively but
lew slaves. Many have disappeared from south-
east Missouri, because that portion of the State
has been alternately in the hands of the rebels and
the Fedeials, and eaeh party, m retiring, has taken
along that winch might be made piofitable to the
other. In this way it is quite likely that the slaves
of many loyal men have been temporauly le-
moved to the mtcnor of the State, for protection
against rebel invasions.
The gre.it central portion of Missouri, where
thesiavesare chiefly owned—that portion devoted
to the culture of hemp and tobacco—retains from
three fourths to five sixths of its slaves. The
counties lying upon Illinois have lost but few.
Their escape into that State has never been en-
couraged by us people; and the excitement re-
cently produced among, Jllinoi.sians by the impor-
tation of a few contrabands from the South, will
most likely prevent any considetable exodus in
that aiiection from our State for years to come.
The prejudices there against free negroes are more
intense, perhaps, than in Missouri. In the argu-
ments submitted by me to the people of the State,
while uiging upon them the expediency of eman-
cipation, 1 assumed that the number lost from ail
causes amounted to one third of the number owned
| in I860. Tins would leave 76,644 to be paid for;
but, in this estimate, no account is taken of the
increase. If the ratio of the preceding ten years
be adopted and applied to those only that remain,
we shall have 81,702. But I always assumed that
the appropriation would be based on the sla\ e pop-
ulation of lfcfiO. I have just received a copy of
the report made by our Stale auditor to tbe Le-
gislature, which conoborates the view I have
taken m regaid to the number of slaves.
An assessment of property was attempted both
in 1861 and 1862. The troubles, however, were
such as to pi event this assessment entirely in some
counties, and to cause it to be impeifectly made
in others. In 1861, I find assessments made in
only fifty-eight counties of the one hundred and
fourteen counties in the State—fifty-eight assessed
and fifty-six not assessed. In the counties as-
sessed, there* are reported 71,088 slaves. Among
those not assessed 1 find many large slaveholding
counties, such as Callaway, Cooper, Chanton,
Clay, and Washington. In 1862, the assessment
was still more imperfect. These aie but thirty-
five counties assessed, showing 38,147 slaves.
The largest slaveholding counties in the State are
not in the list, such as La Payette, Saline, Bu-
chanan, Platte, Cooper, Monroe, and Callaway.
From a comparative sutement just placed in my
hands by a colleague from the ot her House, I find
that these thirty-five counties contained in 1860, a
slave population of 44,553. The same average losa
throughout the State would yet leave us a slave
population of 99,576.
I know it is frequently said that disloyal men
must not be paid for their slaves. That those
only who are actively loyal should be compen-
sated. I have as little sympathy with disloyalty
as any man in the nation. It is wholly unjusti-
fiable, and wicked beyond my powers of denun-
ciation. The man who sees nothing to admire in
our system of Government, and lends himself to
the base work of destroying it, deserves but little
consideration at the hands of the Government, and
as little favoi from its friends. Disloyalty may
or may not amount to treason. It is unwise for
us here, or for the people of Missouri, to spend
time in settling the definition of trims that have
no legal signification. My object is to get rid of
slavciyin Missouri. I know of but two plans
foraccomplishing it. The one is by force, backed
up by the military power; the other is by the
peaceful operation of constitutional laws.
To the first I object; because it is wrong in prin-
ciple, and as a measuie of policy would prove
unfortunate to the Government and luinous to
the State. Missouri is loyal, and such measures
against her could not now he justified.
1 look, then, to the second plan rgentioned, a
law of the Legislatuie, passed in pursuance of the
Constitution, ns the only certain means of effect-
ing the end aveiu view. Let the slaves of own-
ers who fail suJiject to the provisions of the con-
fiscation law be freed and the remainder paid for.
It will be remembeied that the confiscation law
was passed on the 17th of July, 1862, and the act
or acts of rebellion forfeiting the right to hold
slaves must have been committed since that pe-
riod. Whatever may have been the sympathies
or wishes of a large number of slaveholders m the
State, 1 doubt whether any consideuibie number
of them have committed acts of tieason wuscepri-
I'le of legal proof since that. time. To assume
that an owner is or has been disloyal, and that,
theiefore, his slave is fiee, without sueh evidence
of the fact as would justify an unpnjudieed jury
so to say on their oaths, is simply to arouse new
feelings of opposition to the Government, and >o
provoke acts of rebellion that would involve us
in much laiger expenditures. As an evidence of
the feeling of slaveholders on this subject, 1 will
read a letter which I have just leceived tiom one
of the l.ugest slaveholders of the State, and oru 
of our best citizens:
" Glasgow, Mu><!orr.i. Januaiy 5, 186*5
" Df.ar Sir : Yom ia\oi of the -}7th ultimo wa?- duly re-
ceived. 1 am gratified that a few vvouKot encomageir ent
Iron) tne in the dark lioiu ot onr t ouoti \ V history eh eer-
niL' to one who i* snuggling lor the tiue interest ot our
State. 1 can, fiom my hoait, hid \ou God <pe.°d I have
taken tin liberty ot show mjr join leuei to s-ome undo mted
lo\al >laveholde -,; you have the waim support of all of
them. I am astonished at the unttonmty ot sentiment on
the subject among the patuotic slaveholder, who n^ard
the institution of shiver) a> w< iglun:* but a gioai m the bal-
ance, rn eompated with the picservation ot the tree in-ti-
tution-N of otn eountiv. Let not lioithem men mistake us
on account or our solicitude to have the aid furnished by
the General Government to a—a-t the Stare in being- relieved
feont a hut don that t- clashing her into the du-t. i ieelthat
I am .-peaking the sentiments of many lo\ al heart- when f
&ay that cupidity i- not tin- governing motive, if the tree-
ing our own slave- wonfd'aeeomplish the end, we would
call Ibaven to wituos> how tieeK we would .sacofiee the
institution without one cent of compensation You know,
howe\ er, that tin - snei nice would not accomplish the de-
sired uvult. We have to get rut ol the constitutional ob-
stacle, and we a-k Connies- to assi-t u --o as io accomplish
the end without delaj. if we do not get aid from Confess,
the result will be one of two m<>de-« will have to be adopted
by the begi>lature. The one, the pa sage of a constitu-
tional amendment, to be s-ubmitted to the people two years
from now, or < ailing a convention to settle the mattei im-
mediately. If the excitement k- kepi up two) eai-, you can
well imagine the re-iilt ; banhrufilnj viU be our inci-d'Me
lot. I feet well a^ured that if the money K appropriated
a huge portion of it  vill be appropriated by the owners of
slaves m preparing them for a change of condition."
