1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
come, hut that it never can come. It never can
be expedient in this country to raise an army of
negioes so Ion# as we remain of the proud free
race to which we belong. Instead of being a source
of power, the negro in your Army would be a
source of weakness nnd discontent, and his pres-
ence would drive from the field men a thousand
times more capable of defending the country than
he himself can be made. The principle for which
the gentleman contends, therefore, can never ap-
ply here; nor does he apply it. I want to show
that it has no application. A negro army is a
weakness to your country. It unnerves the white
man's hand; it unnerves the white man's heart.
White men will not fight by the side of negroes.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I was
speaking of the power of the national Govern-
ment, under the Constitution, to leach every sub-
ject within its dominion, and to use him for mil-
itary purposes. In a more elaborate argument the
other day I expressed my opinion as to the policy
of undertaking to organize a negro army, and ut-
terly denounced it.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. "We agree in that. We
agiee in everything that is material and pertinent
to this question. And now I want to revert for
a little while to the discord that lias been intro-
duced into this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived, all de-
bate upon this bill is closed by order of the House.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have but a few words
more to say.
Mr. MORRILL,of Maine, and others, objected.
Mr. YALLANDIGRAM. The gentleman
from Kentucky only asks ten minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
ThcSPEAKER. Under the orderofthe House,
amendments may now be offered to the bill for
one hour, and voted on without debate, and then
the vote is to be taken upon the bill.
Mr. OLIN. It is suggested to me that the bill
be read through by sections for amendment.
The SPEAKER. That was not included in
the order of the House.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend the seventh sec-
tion of the bill by striking out in lines six, seven,
and eight the words, " to inquire into and report to
theProvost Marshal General all treasonable prac-
tices; to detect, seize, and confine spies of the en-
emy," and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
To detect, seize, and confine spies of the enemy, who
shall, without umeax/nable delav, be delivered to the cus-
tody of the geneiol commanding the district tn which they
may he ai rested, to betued as soon as the exigencies ot the
service pcnnit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer a substitute
for the entire bill.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be voted upon until
the amendments to the original bill are disposed of.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then 1 suggest
that it be not rend now. Wc have only an hour
to offer amendments.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I offer it r.ow, but I do not
want it read.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repotted that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Han-
nibal Graham;
An act (H. R. No. 699) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Herman Tuerck;
An act(H. R. No. 635) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1864, and for the year 1863, and for
other purposes; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) authorizing
the Navy Department to allow to Paymaster Gil-
bert E. Thornton $4,500, in settlement of his ac-
counts for money stolen from him without fault
or negligence on his part.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (No. 540) to authorize the
brevetting of volunteer and other officers in the
United States scrvice; in which the concurrcncc
of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill of the Senate (No. 496) to give greater
efficiency to the judicial system of the United
States.
CONSCRIPTION BILL—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] has sundry amendments to offer
to the bill which have been agreed to by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. If there be no objec-
tion, these amendments will first be disposed of.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend the eleventh sec-
tion by striking out in the fifth line the words
" for three years,or during the war," and insert-
ing " during the present rebellion, not, however,
exceeding the term of three years;" so that the
section will read:
Kec. 11. And he it f utthcr enacted, That fill person^ thus
eniolh'd shall he s-ubject, for two yeais after the 1st day of
July succeeding the eniollment. to be called into the iml-
itmy service of the Unned State*, and to continue m ser-
vice dining the pie-sent lobolhon, not. howevej,exceeding
the tenn of three years; and when called into service shall
he placed on the same tooting, in all respects,as volunteers
foi tluec years, oi duiing the wai, including advance, pay
and bounty as now piovided by law.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out u three years " and insert-
ing " two years."
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. In section twenty-five, line eleven,
I move to strike out after the word "and" the
words4 * kept in confinement until the draft is com-
pleted, after which he;" so that the clause will
read:
Such person shrill be subjeet to tnmmaiy nriest by the
provost marshal, and shall he delivered to the civil author-
ities, Sac.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the word
" law" in the tenth line of the section down to the
word " upon" in the twelfth line, and insert what
1 send to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in or-
der at this time. No amendment is in order to the
amendment unless it is pertinent to it. When the
amendment of the gentleman from New York shall
be disposed of, the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio wiiJfee in order.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. There is, as I un-
derstand, this objection: when a clause has been
mscited into the'bill by a vote of the committee,
under the rules it is not in order to move to strike
it out.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York is simply to -strike out
words, but to insert nothing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Very well; I will
not press my amendment at this tune.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Olin was
agreed to. *
Mr. OLIN. I submit this amendment:
In section thirty-two, line siv, after the word k< duty,"
add, "bubjeet to the appioval of the commander of the
forces of which *ueh non commissioned ufiieeiq and pri-
vates form a patt.''
The section to which the amendment is added
reads as follows:
Sfc 3J. And /c it f • rihev enacted. That the commander
of regiment^ and ot batteries, m the field aie hereby author-
ized and empowered to grant luilough-? for.ipeuod notex-
eeedmg thn ty davs at any one time to five per cent, of the
non-commisMoncd offieert.- ami private"., toi good conduct in
the line of duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. J have but one more amendment
to offer. I move to add, at the end of the bill, the
following section:
£r(;. %q,ul be it further cnoeted, That all persons who,
in time ofwarot of rebellion asmiMthe supreme authority
of the United States, shall be found lurking or acting as
spies in or about any fortification. post, or encampment ot
any ot the .unne^ of the United State- or eKewheit:, shall
bc'iriablc by military comnu-sion, and, upon conviction,
shall suffer "death.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now sub'mitthe
following amendment to the twenty-fifth section:
Strike out of'eetion twenty-five, in line ten, after the
word " law," the woid^ "such person shall he subject to
summary art e&t b> the provost mai-hal, and shall be df hv-
ered to the civil authorities and," and to insert instead
thereof as follows:
Every person bo offending shall be subject to arrest upon
warrant iaeued from gome civil officer or court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, upon oath or affirmation specifying tlie
offense, and upon trial and conviction.
The section, as amended, would then read:
Sec. 23. Ami be it farther enacted, TJiat if any-person
shall resist any diaft of men enrolled under this act into the
service of the United States, or shall counsel or aid any
person to resist any such draft, or shall assault or obstruct
any officer in making such draft, or in the performance of
any service in relation thereto, or shall counsel any person
to assault or obstruct any such officer, or shall counsel arty
drafted men not to appear at the place of rendezvous, or
wiMfullv dissuade them from the performance of military
duty, as required bylaw, every peison so offending shall be
subject to arrest upon warrant issued fiom some civil offi-
cer or court of competent jurisdiction, upon oath or affirm-
ation specifying the offense, and, upon trial and conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $500, or by
imprisonment, not exceeding two years, or by both of said
punishment*.
Mr. VOORHEES called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, liiddle, Jacob H. Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Clements, Conway, Coming, Cox, Ciavem*, Crisrteld, Crit-
tenden, JDelapIaine, English, FouUe, Gianger, Grider, Hall,
Hauling, llolman, Johnson, Kenigan, Killmger, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, MaIloiy}May,Menzies, Morris, Noble,Nor-
ton, Nugen, IVudleton, Perry, Poitci, Piice, Robinson,
James S Rollins, JShiel, Smith, John 15. Steele, William
G, Steele, Stiles, Hcnjamin F. Thomas, Vail mdigliam,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wtcfc-
hffe, Wood, Woodniff, Wright, and Yeaman—57.
NA Ytf—Messi<. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bakei, C.ixtei,Heaman, Bingham, Samuel S.Blair, Blake,
lUiffmton, Campbell, Casey, Chambrilnm, Clark, Colfax,
Fiedeiiclc A Conkhng, Ito.-.-oe Conkliug, Cutler, liavis,
Dawc^, Diven, Dunn, lildgeiton. EdwauN, Eliot, Ely, Fen-
ton, Samuel C. Fe&senden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden,
Franehot, Frank, Goodwin, Gutley, Haight, llale, Harri-
son, Illckman, Hooper, Norton* Hutchins, Julian, Kellcy,
Fianeis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Leary,
Lehman, Loomi*, Lovt joy, Low, Melndoo, McKcan, Mc-
ICuight, MePhcr^on, Marsion, Mavnaid, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Mori ill, Nixon, Olin, Pat-
ton, Timothy G. Phe,p«*, Pike, Poineroy, Alexander II.
itiee, John H.lticc, Kiddie, Edvvaui H. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Sloan, SpauMinsr, Stevens, Strnfton, Francis Thomas,
Ti.un, Tumble, Trowblidgu. Van IJoin, Van Wyrk, Ver-
ree, Walkei, Wall, Wallace, Walton,Washburne, Wheeler,
Alberts. White, Wilson, Windom,and Worcester—101.
So ihe amendment was rejected.
During: the call of the roil,
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Odell was this
morning suddenly taken ill, and had paired with
Mr. Covode.
Mr. SLOAN stated that Mr. Potter was ab-
sent in consequence of sickness in his family.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, stated that lie had
just received a note from Mr. Noell, stating that
he is not able to he in the House to-day.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend this same section in the twelfth line, by
inserting: the word " foithwith;" so that it shall
read, " lie shall be forthwith delivered," &c.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suggest that the gentleman
say " as soon us practicable," instead of" forth-
with."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is tho
meaning of the expression.
The amendment was adopted—ayes seventy-
nine, noes not counted.
Mr. DIVEN moveii to amend by adding, at the
end of section nine, the following proviso:
Provided nevathcless, That if from any cause the duty
prescribed by this section cannot be performed withm the
time '•poeified, then the same shall be performed as soon
theieatter an ptacticable.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting the
word u white" after the words " able-bodied,,in
the first line of the following section:
That all able-bodied male eiiizens of the United State",
and persons of toreign birth who shall have declared on
oath their intention to become citizens under and in pur-
suance of the laws thereof, between the ages of twenty and
forty-five yeais, except as hereinafter excepted, are hereby
declared to constitute the national force®, ami shall be lia-
ble to perform military duly in the so vice of the United
States when called out by the President for that purpose.
Mr. LOVIiJOY called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 52,
noes 85.
Mr. STEVENS moved to amend section thir-
teen by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That no man, uuless he procures a substitute,
shall be eAempt, except as hereinbefore exempted, who
