1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
wtH«ot declare on oath or affirmation that he is conscien-
tiously scrupulous against bearing arms, and that Mich has <
been his declared religion lor more than one year before 1
such draft. The oath or affii ligation may be administered
by the person who supei intend^ the draft.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
by adding the following:
But all civii officers of the States and counties and of the
United State*, upon the payment of $300 each, shall he
exempt.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is It in order to move to
strike out the thirteenth section altogether?
The SPEAKER. Not while amendments are
pending.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed'to.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend the section,
by striking out after the word '* draft," in line
four, as follows:
Or he may pay to such persons as the Secretary of War
may authorize to rcceive it, such s-um, notoxeoodin<r $300,
as the Secretary may deteiininc, lot the piocuratiou oi such
substitute.
The SPEAKER The amendment is not in
order, not being germane to the amendment
pending.
Mi. WRIGHT. I move to amend by insert-
ing in the class of persons piovided for by the
amendment the word* "and ministers of the gos-
pel regularly licensed."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move fo amend the amend-
ment hy stri king out the word "one," and insert-
ing "three;" so that the clause will read:
And that sueh ha^ hern his declared religion foi more
than thiee >ears beioie Mich diaft.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment as
a modification of my amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the woids "as
before exempted," and inserting the woids "on
payment of$300,as heioinbefore piovided."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays
, on the amend m< nt.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—ayes 20,
noes 95-
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 18,
noes 95.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move tostiiki out the thir-
teenth section of the bill, which is in these words:
Bec. K* le it fuilhci cnarf/tl, That anv prison
dratted and notified to app"ai as afoie-jaid, may, mi or be-
fore the d.iy ft vd lor in-. appealanec, thi ni^h an acceptable
substitute, to take hi" place m the dia!t. or he may pa\ to
such person a.s the Seciefary <>1 War may authon/.e to re-
ceive it, Mich 'inn, not exceeding .y.i'aO, as the Secretary
may determine (or the procuration ot such substitute ; and
theieupon c-uch pei>on "O lunn-hmg the substitute or pay-
mi: ilie ninnev -hall be di^ehaiged liom imther liability un-
do i fh.it dialt; ami anypeihon failing le icpoit alter due
f=ei vice of notice, as herein piesci thed, w ithout I'm ti'shing
a suhsnnife. <m pi} nig the i equned sum theiefor, shall lie
deeim d a d'seitei, and shall be aue-ted by the piovost
inar-hal, and -ent to the neatcM militaiy p'>-t foi tnal by
comf-mnttiaf, unless?, upon piop' i showing thai lie is not
liable to do militaiy duty, ihe hoaid of enrollment -shall re-
lieve him from the dialt.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to insert after the
word " substitute," the second time it occuis, the
following words: •
And the same shall be fixed at a unifoini rate, by gen-
eral oulcr made at the time of oideimg a draft lot any
State orTcrntoiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANICS, I move to add at the end of
the section, the following:
And it shall be the dnfv of the officer accepting the sub-
stitute at the time he oiler- hiuwlt to swear oi alhim both
the peison (halted and the poison ottered as a substitute,
who shall, m presence of ouch oilier, state to said officer,
who •shall make a minute ot the same, the amount paid and
to be paid b>i the substitute; and m no case shall the sub
ptitutc be icceived until the full amount to be paid is as-
sured to tlx1 substitute to hi" •satisfaction. And if any pei-
son othei than the substitute -hall receive oi contract tor
any pan of the Mim paid oi to Iv. paid by the person drafted
in consiilctation of aid in pioemm<j a substitute, such per-
son so offending shall be attested on affidavit and tued be-
fore some coutt of competent jtmsdtction. and if found
gu.lt> a* .ibi/vc, -hall he Jim d in a sum not exceeding five
times the amount so received oi contracted for, or nupiis-
oued not exceeding ninety da)-, oi both.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to strike out " three,"
and insert " two" m lieu theieof; so that it will
read "$200," instead of "$300.''
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That the men thus called into the service shall
he. by the Governor of the State organized into companies
and regiments, and officer-5 to command them shall be ap-
pointed and co'mlflUrfioned by authority of the State aceotd-
mg to the provisions of the constitution and law.- theieof,
and in obedience to the Constitution of the United States.
I demand the yeas and nays on the adoption of
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J- Allen, An-
cona, Bailv, Biddle, Clements, Conwav, Corning, Cox,
Ciavens, Cuttenden. English, Fishci, Fouke. Gianger,
Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Holman, Johns-on, Keirij.Mii,
Killmger. Knapp, Law, hazear, Mailoiy, May, Menzte*.
Mollis, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Pcny, Piice,
Robinson, James S Rollins, Slnel, Sintlh. John JJ. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiles, Vallaudigham, Vooi hees, Wad«-
wortli. Waid, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wick-
liffe, Wood, Wood iu ft', Wiight, and Yeainan—55.
NAYS—Mossis Ahh ich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bakei, Baxtei, Heaman, Hmsliam, Jacob H. Clair, Samuel
S. Clair, William G. Crown, nuflinton,(Calvert, Campbell,
Cascx hambnUin. Ciaik, Colfax. Frederick A. Conklwg,
Itoscoe Conklnig.Cutlei. Davi*. Dawes, D( laplaine, J)iveu,
i>unn, Edgeitou, Edwards, Ehol. Elv, Fenton, Samuel C. |
FesMMulen. Thomas A. D. Fessendea, [-'landers, Fianehot, i
Fiank, (Jooch, Goodwin, Ouiley, IJahii, iJanihon, iiiek- I
man, Iiooper, IJoiton, riur<-hins; Julian, ICeliey, Fiancis j
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Larisinx, Learv, Lehman, j
Loonns, laivejoy, Low, Wclndoe, Melvean, McKnight, j
McPJioi^on, IMarston. Maynaid. Moorhead, Ansou i'. Moi- j
nil, Justin ilorull, Ni.xon, Ulin. Patton, Ttinothy G.
I>helpsj, Pike, Tomeioy, Poiter, Alexander II. Rice, John
H. flice, Uiddle, Edw'ud U. Rollins, ^aijjent, Sedgwick,
Segar, Shank*, SheflieUf, Sbellabaigei, Shcnnan, Sloan,
j Spaulding, Stratton, Beu]ainin F.Tljomas.Fiancis'J'houias,
j Tiam, Trunlile, i'lowbndge. Van Horn, Van WyCk, V"er-
lee, Walk'it,Wall. Wallace.Walton, Wa>hbui ne. Wheeler,
AlbettS, White, Wilson, Windom, and Woice«tei—1U4.
So the amendment was rejected.
mkssaoe fitoai tub senate.
A message was iecelvcd by the Senate, by Mr.
Forn'ev, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed a bill of the House (No.
365) to amend an act entitled "An act to promote
the progress of the useful arts," with amendments;
in which he was diiected to ask the Concurrence
of Liu: House.
coxkcnrpxron act—again.
The SPEAKER. The time fixed for taking the
vote on the conscription act has arrived, and fur-
thei amendment is not in order. ^
Mi. McKNlGHT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the llonse to <
Ohj'Vion was made
Mr. M APSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of tile House for the purpose of moving an
amendment which I deem to be necessary for the
perfection of the bill. [Cries of " I object."] I
hope that the members who object will hear my
amendment read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the read-
ing of the amendment?
There was no objection, and accordingly the
amendment was read, us follows:
In the thiity-fifth section insert these woids : 4' ot the
regiment oi battery fiom which the detail is proposed to be
made, or the commanding ofhcei ofso that it will lead,
'• that hereafter details to .special sci vice shall onlv he made
with the consent of the commanding olhcer ot the icgiment
or battery from which the detail is pioposed to be made, or
the commanding officer of the loicea in the field."
Mr. ANCONA. I object to any amendment
being received from the other side of the House,
unless we on this side are allowed the same priv-
licge.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask to modify my motion.
Objection was made.
Mr. DIDDLE. I move that the time for re-
ceiving amendments be extended for another half
hotu\
Tiie SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on Mr.
Holman's motion to strike out the thirteenth sec-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I hope unanimous consentwill
ho given to the gentleman from Indiana to modify
his amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it m order to
divide the motion?
The SPEAKER. If is not.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas 67,
nays 87; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs.William Allen,William J. Allen, Alley,
Aneona, Arnold, Heaman. Samuel S. Clair, Blake, Ciem-
| cuts. Col lax, Ro-coe Conkhng, Con way, Comma, (-'ox, C a-
vens. Davi.s, Dawes, Delaphune, Diven, Eliot, Fonke. Fran-
chot, Gianger, Hall, Hohiian, Utuehnis, Johnson, Julian,
Fiancis W Kellogg,William Kellogg,Knapp, Law.iVJePher
son, May, Moms. Noble, Noiton, Nugen, Pendleton, Peiry,
Poitei, Puco, Riddle, Ilolnnson, Edward H. Rollins,James
S. Rollins, Shanks, Sheiman, Slnel, John 13 Steele. Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stile-*, Vallandigh.nn, Van Wyck, Wada-
vvorth, Wall, Ward, Wasbbuinc. Albeit S. White, Chilton
A. White, WicMitle,Wilson, VViudom, Wood, Worcester,
and Yeaman -67.
NAYS—Mestas. AUhich, A^hlev, Iiabhitt. I'sulv, Baker,
Baxter, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob i). Clair, William G.
Biown, P.uthnton, Calvcti, Campbell, Ca-e}? Chamber-
lain, Claik, Ftederick A Conkltng. Crisfield, Cutler, Del-
ano, Dunn, Edgeilon, EdwanN, Ei\. English. Fenton,
Samuel C. Fessenden, 'j'homas A. D Fes-scnden, Fi.-lier,
Flaudci-=, Frank, Gooch, Goodw in.Guil<'\, flahn. Ilai rison,
[Iiekman, Iloopei, llorton, Kulley. Killinger, lauismg,
Lazeai, Leary, Lehman, fioonn-, f^ovejov. J>ow, Me-
indoe, McKean, 51clvmgi>t, Mat ston. Mnvnaul, Mooihead,
Ateon P. Morrill, \ i.\oii. Oim, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike. Pomeio-v, Aloxandei Ii. Rice, John U. Rice, Sai-
geut. Sedgwick, Seg.u, Sheffield, Shellabaigei, Sloan,
Smith, Spauldmg. Stiatton, lienjamiii F. Tlmma^, Francis
'J'homas, 'j'lain, Trimble, Tiowbndge, Van Uoin, Vcirce,
Walkei, Wallace, Walton, Webster, Wheelei, Woodiuff,
and Wnglit—87.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Hol-
man's substitute, which was read, as follows:
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Umted States of A met ica in Con«t ess assembled, That
all able-bodied white male citizen-* of the United States?,
between the ages of twenty am! forty-five years-, except as
heieuuifter excepted, me herein declaied to constitute the
ni'htia of the United State?., and shall be liable to perfoim
miht'.uy duty m the service of tiie United States, when
called out by the Piesident loi that puipo&o in the manner
authoiizcd by law.
Sec. ii. .4nd be it further enacted, That the following
peisons be, and they are hcieby, excepted and exempt fiom
i the piovi.sious of tine act, and tdiall not be liable to miii-
j taiy dut\ utidej the same, to wit: such as aie rejected as
• pluMcailv. men talk . or mot all v unfit tor the service ; such
1 as an- ne< e^aiy for tin' pioteetion and support of aged or
, inftini p-uents, orphans, or lie|ph>rs cluldien, and &ueh un-
| foituniite peisont, as an: not piovided loi [i\ the public:
Piovided, That in each case above-mentioned the cncum-
stanees of the party claiming exemption be such that lie
cannot i endei an equivalent tor peisonal set vice ; also, first,
the Vice President of the United State-*, the judges of the
vauous eouits of the Umfed States, and the heads of the
vanotis Executive Departments* of the Government; second,
the only son ot aged oi infnm patent or patents dependent
upon him foi .support; thud, where thcie aie two oi more
jl sons of aged oi infiim patents suhiect to dtnft, the father,
oi, u he be dead, the mothet may elect winch son shall be
exempt; Imntb, the only btother of c hi Id i en not twelve
yen is old, having neithci "i at tier nor moth-" ; fifth, the father
of inotheih^s ehihhcn under twelve veai s of aire dependent
upon his jaboi for -support; sixth, whoie thcie ate a lather
and sons m the *aine lamilv and liou—-'hold, and two ot
them arc in the mtlirarv seivice of the United States as
noii-commissioned ofhceis, jrni- iciaef.. ot pi ivales, the les-
uluc ot bueh family and household, not exceeding two,
shall be exempt; seventh, all latheis having two or more
chiJdien, no one oi \\ horn is ovei the a^c" of loutrecn years,
owning oi (U'eiipvuig and actuallv re-idmg upon a farm of
not e eeedii>s fi.ty ncies, up<ai u inch he is dependent for
the fiippott and itiaiutenance of huiiscit' and fanniv; and
.. no pei sons but such as aie heiom excepted shall be exempt:
P,ovidcd, hour i a, That no pet sou who has been convicted
of anv lelom or other ciime punishable by imptisomnenl
in a pcnitentiaiy or St.ite puson thai! be emolied or per-
mmtd to seive m ^-aid forces.
Sfc 3 jii-d be it fuilhcr enactcd, That the national
foiee.s of'the United States, not now in the military ser-
vice, shall he divided into two classcs, the fiistof which
shall compile all petsons subject to do militaiy duty be-
tween the ages of eighteen and thirty yais. and all un-
maiiicd peisons subject to do milirai v duty above the age
ot thuty and under the age of fortv-five ; die second class
s|ki!1 compile all othei percent Mibjcct to do military duty,
and they shall not. m anv di-fuet, be called into tlx1 ser
vice of the touted States until those of the fn-t class shall
have been ( ailed.
Skc. 4. %Qnd be it further enacted, That the eniollment of
each cht«s shali be made sepaiateh , and .shall only embrace
those whoso ages shall be mi the l-t daj of July theiealter
between emhte( n and t'oirj- live \ear<
Skc. 5. *dnd be it further enartrd. That all person* thus
emollcd >li;ill be subject, loi two yeai* aiier the J^tday
of July sncceetnng liie einoMnient, to he called into the mili-
taiy sfivice of the United States, and to continue In ser-
vice foi one yeai .but not exceeding the duration of the war;
and when called into hCiviep shall be placed on the same
footing, in all ic:>peefs, as voluiiteeis foi thi"o vcais or dur-
j| ms the  vat, including advance pay and bounty as now
'} piovided by law.
I! Sec. 0. ad be it jurther enacted. That anv peison eri
]l lolled and diaffed aecordiitir to the piovisions of this act,
; i who shall furnish an acceptable sub-tinife, shall theieupon
i'; receive fiom the boaid or eniollment a eeitificfitc <jf dis-
q chajgc fiom such dialf which shall exempt him Dom rnili-
taiy duty during the nme lor which fie was diafted, and
such substitute shall be ermjh-d to the sime pay and al-
lowances provided by law .is it he had been origmally
diattcd into the scmee of the United Suites.
Sec. 7. be it finthe,/ enacted, 'J'hat siieh mihtia of
the seveiaJ States shall be emolltd undei the autliouty of
the respective States, and when any numbei thereof ghaij
