1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
stitutional power to make this grant that will
likely influence a single mind. My great anxiety
to accomplish a purpose which I honestly believe
•will tend to a more " perfect Union," insure " do-
mestic tranquillity," at least to my own distracted
State, and u promote the general welfare," may
possibly have hurried me into erroneous conclu-
sions.
It has been urged that " private property may
betaken for public use" upon payment of "just
compensation;" that the term " public use" does
not necessarily imply that the property taken
shall be kept in existence as such, or that it should
be converted and its value expended by the Gov-
ernment; that the best possible '• use" for the
public good may consist in the removal or destruc-
tion of the private right, and non-user by the Gov-
ernment; that the right to take being admitted, the
use is in the discretion of Congress, and may con-
sist in the employment or destruction of the private
right. This argument makes the only safeguard
against the abuse of the power of " eminent do-
main," to consist in the obligation to pay for the
property taken.
It is also insisted by some that the proper read-
ing of the Constitution confers upon Congress
unlimited power to " provide for the common de-
fense and general welfare of the United Slates."
In this case the only check upon the use of power
would be m the discietion of Congress; and the
enunciation of specific grants of pow«jr would have
been wholly useless. The Constitution would be
valuable only so far as it denied or prohibited
power to Congress, or reserved it to the States or
the people.
By others it is argued—and the position is sus-
tained by the opinion of John duincy Adams,
expressed in a debate growing out of a proposi-
tion to distribute rations to fugitives ftom Indian
hostilities, in 183G—that " there arc in the author-
ity of Congress and of the Executive two classes
of powers altogether different in their nature, and
often incompatible with each other: the war power
and the peace power;" that " the peace power is
limited by regulations and restiicted by provis-
ions prescribed within the Constitution itself;"
but that " the war power is limited only by the
laws and usages of nations." He is reported fur-
ther to have said:
<• Fioin the instant that your slaveholding Smujs forcome
the theater of a war—civii,$ei vilc.ot foi01511 wai—fiom that
instant the war powers? ot Confess extend to inteifcienee
with the institution of siaveiy in every way by winch u can
be interfered with.''
Under this view of the subject, it is claimed that
Congress may, in 0 time of war, and for the pur-
pose of restoring peace, interfere with slavery in
a State, even to the extent of its nbolishment.
I would not b^ understood, Mr. President, as
indorsing either of the positions named, or as urg-
ing the passage of the bill upon the assumption
of its correctness. I desiie no forced construction
of the Constitution in this case; I want no prece-
dent to justify future usurpations of power or in-
terference with the reserved rights of the States.
I would resort to the same mode of construction
now that would govern me in a time of peace. To
sustain the Constitution, it is not necessary to use
power outside of its grants. It should, however,
be regarded as a living instrument, intended for
the government of a great and progressive people
linked in perpetual union.
Among the express powers granted to Congress
are those " to declare wur," "to raise and sup-
port armies," and " to provide for calling foith
the militia to execute the laws of the L nion, sup-
pressinsuirections,and repel invasions." Armies
have been raised and are now in the field, en-
gaged in the work for which they were raised.
The militia has been called forth and is now en-
deavoring to " suppress the insurrection"against
national authority, in order that the " laws of the
Union" may be executed. If we were still act-
ing under the old Articles of Confederation, and
restricted to the use of powers expressly granted,
Congress could do no more. But this very diffi-
culty, moie than any other, induced the forma-
tion of a new Government, vested with powers
ample enough to insure "domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of libei ty "
to its framersand theirposterity. In the language
of one of the ablest expounders of this instru-
nt—
No constitution can contain an accurate datail of all
ment-
tile subdivisions of its powers and all the means by which
they might be carried into execution."
Hence, an express grantof power is given " to
make all laws which shall be necessary artd
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers."
Commenting upon this provision of the Con-
stitution, Chief Justice Marshall says:
" Congress may employ such means and pa«s such laws
as it may deem necessary to carry info execution gieat
powers g! anied by the Constitution; and necessary means,
111 the si: s>e of the Constitution, does nut impoit an ah.^o-
luie physical necessity, *=o etiong that one thing cannot cx-
i--t without the other.* It stands for any means calculated
to pioduce the end."
Again:
"The powotsof the Government were given for the wel-
faie oi the nation. The> wcie intended locmluic foi ages
to come, and to be adapted to the v<u 1011s etises in human
afl'.ms. To pre.^euhe the : peeific tneaiu by which Govern-
ment should in all futiue time oxeeuie its power, and to
confine the choicc of means to sueh nariow limits at; sdiouUl
not leave it in the powct of Conjne^ to adopt any winch
might he r.ppiopnato and conducive to the end, would he
mo>t unuho and pernicious, because it would bean at-
tempt to pi ovule by immutable ink- foi evtg'MU-ies which,
if foremen at ail, must hove been foiescen dimly, and
would depuve the Legi-latuie of tire capacity to avail itself
of e.vpciK'i.cc, or to e.\eieitt il.« icafeon and accommodate
its legislation to ciicumstar>ees '*—McCullougk vs. Statcof
Maryland, 4 Whcaion R., 413-:20.
For what purpose are the armies of the United
States now in the field? Why has the militia been
called out? The object is to put down rebellion,
to execute the laws; and, so far as my State is
concerned, not only to suppress "domestic vio-
lence," but, if we regard the foe as public enemies,
\ to ct icpel invasion." The end to be secured ia
j to put down resistance to the laws. Missouu
j must be letained in her position as a member of
I the Union, for otherwise Congiess could not com-
j ply with Us constitutional obligation to"guar-
1 an ty to every State 111 this Union a republican form
j of government."
| Mr. President, I am not prepared at this time
: to say what means would be mostappropriate
and conducive to the end" in view. I will not
say that, in order to crush this lebelliou in any
pait of theUnion, Congress may abolish slavery
m one of the States against its consent, for that
question is not now before me. But he who de-
nies the proposition, must also deny that, in any
event, such an exercise of power can ever become
"absolutely necessary" to the ends for which
our at mirs have been raised and our militia called
out. if it be fixed 111 the convictions of a major-
ity that this is necessary or even " conducive to
the end" to execute or carry out a clearly dele-
gated powei,it will, ni my judgment, be difficult
to make valid complaint against that discretion.
This question, however, is not before me, and I
leave it, hoping that the exetciso of such power
may not be actually " necessary," at any time,
to the preservation of the Union. _ In this case
there is no interference with the institution in any
State. The consent of Missouri is a condition
precedent to the freedom of a single slave within
her limits. The only question presented is, can
Congress make the yppioprintion necessary to
effect the object dc&iicd by the State as a means
of overthiowmg the armed rebellion against the
Government, and thus preventing, as far as pos-
sible, a dismemberment of the Union? 1 would
not be undeistood as denying tiie right of Con-
,, gress to make this appiopnation in a peiiod of
ji most profound peace. Largely more than one
j| hundred million dollars have been expended by
l| the Government in the removal of Indians from
:i the soil of the different States. As a consequence
i! of that 1 em oval, we are annually paying large
!: annuities to the tubes removed,opening up farms,
,• and furnishing them implements of husbandry.
|!, We have granted many millions of acres of the
\'; public lands to aid States in the construction of
railways, canals, and other woiks that looked to
[! the development of their resouiccs ana the ad-
| vancemcnt of their material interests,
j Mr. Webster, who rarely commuted errors 111
j expounding the Constitution, in his speech upon
|i the compromise measures, delivered m this body
■| 011 the 7ih Maich, 1850. alluded to a_ subject so
'! nearly akin to the present one, that his vie ws, if
M correct, would settle the question of power in tins
jj case. He said:
|| "X have one other re?nark to make. In my observations
upon slavery a& it has existed in the counti>, and .is it now
r exists. I have expressed no opinion of the mode of its ev-
il uiigtusiuneni or melioration. I will sny, how#ver, uiough
t have nothing to propose on that subject, ljcc#ise l-<ip JMft
deem myself so cooipeicnt as oilier genttemento consider
it, that if any gentleman from the Bouth t-hafl propose a
scheme of colonization, to be carried on bvtlifs Govern-
ment upon a targe scale, for the transportation of free col-
ored people to any colony or any place inthc world,! gho&ftl
be quite disposed to incur almost any degree of expense, to
accomplish that object. Nay, sir, following an example set
here more than twenty years ago. by a gteal man, then a
Senator from New York, I would return to Virginia, and
tluough her for the benefit of tiie whole South, the money
received from the. lands and territories eeded by her to this
Government, for any Mich puipos-c a> to lelievc, in whole
or in part, 01 in any way to diminish or d'jal beneficially
with the liec coloied population of the southern States.' &
have sam that I honor Virginia lor her cession of tin* tor-
t itory. Theic have bcui received into the Treasury of the
United States $80,000.0^0, the piocecds of the sales of the
public lands ceded by Virginia, if the residue should be
sold at the same late, the whole aggregate will exceed' two
hundred million dollm*. if Virginia and the South &ee fit
to adopt any proposition to relieve themselves from the free
people of color anions them, they have my ficc consent that
the Government shall pay them any sum of money out of
its proceeds which may be adequate to the purpose."—Con-
*res$ional Glolc, Thirty First Congress, first session, page
27G.
A bill is now pending, I believe, in this body
asking that the Indians of Minnesota be removed,
and that the necessary appropriations be made.
This is to secure the people of that State, citizens
of theUnited States, against the probable troubles
of the future. Why cannot the negroes of Mis-
souri be freed or removed from the .State, to secure
j the people against the incursions of an existing
I war ? i am aware that it will be claimed that the
Indians are to be removed under the treaty-making
power. But if they refuse to treat, and the peace
of Minnesota requires their removal, is the Con-
stitution so narrow that the Governmcntcan nei-
ther protect itself nor its people?
Now, Mr. Piesidcnt, a few words to my fellow-
Sena to is from the border slave States. From them,
perhaps, 1 shall get no support for this measure.
This I regret; but it is one of the fatalities at-
tending this question of slavery, that all the or-
dinary rules of human reason are reversed in its
discussion, and all the motives of human action
are lost in the angry passions it excites. To me
jt has ever been strange that the northern peopj^
themselves free of the curse, would notecase their
denunciations of slavery for a short time, in order
that the South might reflect, and in that reflection
resolve to put it aside; but stranger still is the
fact that the South, struggling beneath its weight,
and with population dwarfed, with commerce de-
stroyed, with agriculture declining from impover-
ished soil, should still cling to it, as the inebriate
clings to the poisonous cup.
Mr. President, in this long controversy upon
the subject of slavery, the border States have been
the chiefsufferers. A newgeneration had grown
up in the North, educated and thoroughly trahitd
in its hatred of slavery. They would not come
and settle our lich lands, because of the prejudices
entertained against us. The wealthy slaveholders
of the South Would not come, because of our prox-
imity to those who constantly threatened inter-
ference with their rights of property. Between
tiie two, we have been sacrificed. I desire to be
oppressed no longer. Wc must break down party
shackles, forget the politician, and look to the
welfare of our people.
Missomi commenced her career as a State in
1820, with a population of 66,557 inhabitants.
Illinois at the same time had but 55,162. Forty
ycarselapse, and Missouri, with superioradvant-
ages, piesent3 a population of 1,182,317, while
IMinois shows 1,711,753. The ratio of increase
in Illinois for the ten years preceding 18G0 was
101 per cent., while that in Missoun was but
13 per cent. In 1810 Kentucky had a population
of 406,511. Ohio at the same time had 230,700,
Fifty years pass by, and Kentucky has 1,155,713,
while Ohio showy 2,339,599. In 1810 the popu-
lation of Kentucky is nearly double that of OI110;
in 1860 the population of Ohio is more than double
that of Kentucky. The facts arc plain. What is
the cause ? Is it slavery ? if^p, ci uty find interest
demand that it bo laid aside. Is it the mere agita-
tion of tiie question that lias driven population
away? How, then,can wc silence that agitation ?
We have tried every expedient. We have adopted
tin- panaceas of the Democracy, the compromises
of the Whigs, and the nostrums of the Republic-
ans. All is vain. A blighting war is upon us,
having its origin in this accursed question. We
of the'border asked for peace. We could notijet
it. The South had demanded the line of 36°301; -
