356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
we gave She demanded its repeal; we yielded. ]
She asked for the recognition of territorial sover- j
eignty; we gave that. So soon as the experiment j
failed in Kansas, she demanded that the Govern- ;
ment of Washington, of Jefferson, and Franklin,
should lend its power to force slavery upon even
an unwilling people. The northern Democracy
and the border Statesdemurred to this proposition.
The South revolted without consulting us, or their
friends in the North. The simple proposition for
us to consider is, shall we cast our fortunes with
,the Union or with the revolted States? If we go
with the Union, we should unite with all men who
sustain it. If we intend ever to unite with the
rebels, now is the proper time. Prompt and de-
cisive action on our part will certainly save much
blood and treasure in the end. If we retain sla-
very, its presence will bring to us the shocks of
battle, as mountains of ore bring the lightnings.
Rebellion seems to cling to slavery like iron filings
to the magnet. Unless we give a coidial and
united support to the Government in its efforts to
restore the Union, the Union will soon be lost.
We must make common cause with all men en-
gaged in suppressing rebellion. If measures are
distasteful to us, we must bear them as best we
can, keeping an eye to the principles of our Gov-
ernment, but retaining our full and united strength
for the common purpose.
The recent effort to organize a party founded
upon the question of past agitation, can do us no
good. What this agitation did foi us in the pa.st
it will do for us in the future. They who oii-
ginated this accursed revolt claimed to he Dem-
ocrats. If the object be to assume the same name,
and secure power for the purpose of onramzmg
another lebelhon unless their corruptions, like
those of Buchanan, shall be indoised by the peo-
ple, the party should at once be rebuked. If it
be in good faith to carry on the war, and pros-
ecute u to an early peace, many of the measuies
now condemned m the piesrnt Admimstiation
may have to be adopted by them. If the object
be to restore the Union through the medium of
concession and compromise, while the military
power of the rebels is unbroken, ihat object will
fail. Thwy demand nothing lew than the recog-
nition of their separate existence. In the absence
of thorough and speedy victory on our pait, this
alternative is certain.
Is the proclamation of the President wrong? It
may have been originally unwise in policy. I
thoughtit was;but its withdrawal now willsc.uiee-
ly induce the rebels to lay down their arms. Mil-
itary orders should be made with gieat judgment,
but when once made they should be executed
Otherwise we lose the confidence of friends, and
irtfeur the contempt of our enemies, lias he
usurped power in suspending the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus ? The lault is pai ttally om s.
With Congress the power, in my judgment, is
lodged to define the rircumstances under which
tin; wut may lie suspended. But have we done
so? No rebellion ufany magnitude hasevei been
put down without the power of arbitrary arrest
Our Constitution contemplates it. We have left
the Administration to follow its own discretion,
reserving to ourselves the privilege to complain
of whatever course may be adopted. While we
thus complain the confederate government seizes
our Union friends, imprisons them in southern
bastiles, and often they are suspt nded by govern-
ment order to the tieesofthe for< st. Worse than
fill, thiough these divisions, our arms are being
defeated, and soon the fire and sword of an exult-
ant foe may drive us frum our homes. The los>;
of slavery can do us no haim, if a generous Gov-
ernment wilj compensate its owners. I, for one,
will adopt the plan, and trust that peace and re-
union may follow it. If blavcrv be |>iu aside, it
can be nothing mere than a reai,T. ;ion of hopes
euteruunctf by many whooe mtmuiy is dear w
wb ali.
^ It has been said, aryj>pet haps correctly, that pre-
vious to *.•;c* period of me Missouri cmurovc rs^ ,
in 1820, aiJ partes in this country hno looked for-
ward to ? time in our hi.- torv when slavery wouUi
cease to exist; that the nrevaiim:: ideas oi'the e->-
ker days of the Republic were adverse to the m-
atitution. It was perhaps thought that the morai '
sentiment of the country would ultimately remove
it; that religious convictions, founded upon prm- .
ciples of justice, benevolence, and charity, would
gradual/ ioe-ss ska bends of the siu\e. i'hrprf&- ■
ent evil was borne in the hope that, through the
interposition of Providence, it might eventuate in
good. It was often urged in extenuation of what
was admitted as a wrong, that this temporary en-
slavement of the African was intended, in the di-
vine economy, for the civilization and redemption
of his native land.
But it is not my purpose to inquire into the right
or the wrong of slavery; to vindicate or to con-
demn it. It would be inconsistent in me to be-
stow piaises upon the institution while inaugu-
rating measures to remove it; and equally incon-
sistent, as the representative of a siaveholding
State, a slaveholder myself, to indulge in declama-
tion against it. What I say is said in candor, and
the consequences must take care of themselves.
Born and reared inaslavcholding State, and find-
ing there kindness and generosity, and all other
virtues that adorn our race, I have no heart for
denunciation of the slaveholder as such. Thou-
sands like me everywhere would travel the road
to its peaceful extinction, if those who denounce
us would kindly point us the way. Having seen
slavery only where it may be said to exist nom-
inally, and having been taught to believe that the
pictures of its wrongs drawn by abolitionists were
based upon dreams of distempered minds,! cany
with me no prejudices against it beyond those
that result from the history of the last three years.
In all my past party associations I have resisted
every attack which, in my judgment, was intended
to oveithrow the rights of the States on this sub-
ject, or to interfen with the lights of the owneis
themselves. I firmly believed that the institution
possessed nothing within <tself that antagonized
against rhe success of the Govei nment, or threat-
ened opposition to its nghtful authority. I was
no believer in the " irrepressible conflict" between
fieedom and slavery— did not behove that our
country must become u ail free or all slave terri-
tory." Inasmuch as former duiieuhies on this
subject had bt en adjusted, I still hoped that dan-
gei, however imminent, could again bea\erted.
Whatever differences of opinion might exist in
regard to nieasui'-s of administration; howe\er
fierce and hum li*nrnig the passions engendered by
potitieal sti tie; howevei i eckloss or eoi i npt party
U aders might become, I did not suppose that any
considerable number of the people, the masses,
could be driven into opt n rebellion against a Gov-
ernment made and administered by themselves.
Whatever might be done with slaver}*, 1 supposed
would be done in peace.
The Constitution itself was purposely made
subject to amendment, so that tho^e guutantces,
which under other forms of government could only
be reached through the temble agency of the
sword, might here bo peacefully secuicd at the
ballot-hnx. In order to avoid the scenes of violence
which biackt n the annals of nations t hat preceded
us, but which at times became nec^sarv to rescue
the lights oi the people funn the usut pat ions of
power, a form of gos < rnn.ent was adopti d wb tch
petiodicaJly placed m the hands ot the govei ned the
selection of then ownmh-is. If the i ight of foici-
hle revolution, either to depose the magistrate or
to resist the edicts of the law-makei, still exists
under onr Govei nment, then our forefathers ac-
complished but little in the establishment of the
American Constitution. If the mmoiity, beaten
at the polls, possess what is sometimes called the
"right of re volution," a government of the people
instead of the best, becomes the worst possible
form of government. Elections become the mere
foreiunnets of war. The exeicise of popular sov-
ereignty thus brings war and ptstdence and w.-nt
to the doors of th** people. 'To attempt the ie~
moval of corrupt placemen who abuse their trust,
woukl bring upon the v-rtuons the vengeance. of
debased and venal followers. Government would
ne but another for anarchy, whose fruit's
arc always bitter. No, Mr. President law and
order and (vaee were designed by the famcrs of
our i.>ti!vUions:an(l rebellion against the re^ord-
. d will of the people, fs expressed through the
forms pif.'cnbed fui that purpose, is a cumc of
far deeper dye than rofiftoncc to the absolute will
of monarch?, or the oppressions of hereditary
power. If officers here become insolent, their au-
thority is brief; if the laws are unjust and oppres-
sive, ?ho credentiahofthelaw-ma'kermay soon be
withdrawn by an injured people, and power dele-
gated to other and better agents, lf'abuses are
found to exist, the short period during which they
have to be borne, before the people, under the
forms of law, can remove them, should exhort us
to patience while we seek for the proper corrective.
Forcible revolution can never accomplish any good
purpose in a Government like ours. Possibly it
may bring separation among the States; it may
build up new confederacies, kingdoms, or empires
out of the broken parts of the old Union; but the
principle that animates the rebellion cannot live.
The very fact that the principle requires force to
establish it, proves it to be without popular favor
and without merit, if free government be correct
in theory. If a measure commends itself to th®
justice or moral sense of the people, it requires no
violence to give it acceptance. The majority will
at once embrace it, and, if needful, will give it the
sanction of law.
It is argued by southern leaders that the mass
of the people in this country had become aboh-
tiomzed—in other words, opposed to slavery.
And m order to perpetuate this institution in the
South against the growing conviction of its im-
morality, as injustice, or its unprofitableness, this
revolt was made and a new government estab-
lished, making slavery the comer-stone of the
structure. If the argument be admitted as true,
it only proves the gradual but sure development
of a moral power that force cannot well suppress.
If, from thirteen siaveholding States, in less than
a centui y, against the encouragement of the Gov-
ernment and the constant vigilance of politicians,
we have increased to but fifteen, with compara-
tively a small population, while we have nineteen
non-slaveholdmg States, each almost an empire
within itself; if old States are shaking off the sys-
tem and new ones springing to life and vigor un-
der the inspiration of this silent power, the estab-
lishment of new boundary lines will scarcely cause
it to recede. If it be fixed in the moral persua-
sions of men, it will not give place to falsehood,
though clothed with the panoply of civil power,
if this sentiment be omnipotent in the North, it
u ill possibly find its way into the South: for men
eveiywhere are moie or less influenced by the
same facts and are governed by the same moral
laws, and ultimately it will be felt wherever truth
can penetrate. The revocation of the edict of
Nantes did not crush the principles of Protestant
faith in Fiance. The courts of high commission
in England could not enforce religious confoimity
against Puritan faith, any more than Puritan per-
secution could crush the bold and reforming spirit
of Roger Williams and his followers. The waves
of the sea, we are told, effaced the boundary
maiked fortheir coining by Canute; the swelling
tide of truth, if this be truth, will eventually pass
the limns fixed for its going by the rebellious men
of t lie piesent day.
It was mi the admission of Missouri into the
Union that political parties became earnestly ex-
cited upon this question of slavery. It was then
fin.*' discovered that convictions for and against it
were so firmly fixed as almost to resist e\ery ap-
peal to comni omise. The Union was endangered.
The slavehoiding States seemed to regard it as
the turning-point upon which their power in the
Go\ernment might bo retained or lost. The non-
slaveholding States seized upon it as a fit oppor-
tunity to give them in future the power of pro-
tection against the recurrence of such wrongs as
they supposed had been inflicted upon them by
the wai of 1810—a war which had destroyed their
commerce and almost driven them to thepointof
rebellion against the Government. Since that time
the slavery question has been agitated in every
possible foi m. H some times slept, but slept only
.is subteiranean fires. It has been the chief plank
in party platforms, often the only plank. It has
constituted the theme for the pulpi', the Senate,
and the hustings. It has engrossed time and oc-
eupitd talents that, in my judgment, should have
been devoted to measuies of greater utility. It
lias elevated the demagogue and sunk the states-
man. It has given malice to party stnfe, engen-
dered sectional hatred, destroyed Chi istiau unity,
attacked the Constitution of the country, and de-
nounced the Union of the States as a league of
corrup '-ion,
It should not bo forgotten that in all these dis-
cussions upon the subject, nothing practical was
e^er presented for removing the evil or allaying
the strife. When once it became an element of
party power, U was perhaps not desirable to party
leaders that it should be settled. When it entered
