1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman to argue his points of order, but sim-
ply to state them.
Mr. HALL. Then I hope the Chair will un-
derstand me, that, it is the duty of the committee
to report back the Senate bili, which it has not
done.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is that
the committee has not reported back the bill re-
ferred to it, but lias reported an original bill, and
that it has no right to do so. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The select committee having
had referred to it that portion of the President's
message relating to emancipation, can originate
any bill or proposition on that subject. Besides,
the rule is express that when a bill is referred to
a committee, the committee gets full power and
control over the subject, and may report back that
bill or originate a new one. The Chair overrules
the point or ovdev. .
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. I raise the point of
order that this committee has exceeded its power
in changing the title of a bill which it reports back.
From the first page of Barclay's Digest I read:
  A committee has lull power over a hill 01 other paper,
except thai it cannot change the title ot the subject."
The title of this bill lias been changed.
The SPEAKER. The committee has not re-
ported back the Senate bill referred (o it, but an
original bill: and it has a right to put such title to
it as it pleases. It has jurisdiction over the whole
subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGrHAM. This special com-
mittee was discharged from the subject first com-
mitted to it, and could only be revived for the
particular purpose for winch reference was made
to it. That purpose includes only the bill referred
to it the other day. The power of the committee
under the previous reference of the President's
message expired in reporting this bill originally.
When it was referred back to it, it earned nothing
back except what was before the House. Now,
if this is an original bill I object, because the com-
mittee has no authority to report it; and if it is
the Senate bill I object, because the committee has
undertaken to change the title.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair thinks that the refer- |
ence of a bill to a committee gives to the commit- i
tec control of the subject to which it relates, and |
the committee may act upon it as if it had been |
originally referred to it. j
Mr. NORTON, i appeal from the decision of j
the Chair. i
Mr. WASIIBURNE. I move to lay the appeal j
on the table.
Mr. HALL. On that I demand the y*as and j
nays.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foukey, its
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (Not439) to amend an actentitled "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean;"
An act (No. 543) to provide for the disposal of
certain lands therein named;
An act (No. 549) to change the name of the
steamer J. M. McGill to that of Hope; and j
An act (No. 55(i) to promote the health, com- j
fort, and efficiency of the armies of the United ,
States. j
MEXICAN AFFAIRS. j
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent,submitted the |
following resolution; which was read and referred i
to the Committee oa Printing: j
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the Mexican pa- |
pers recently n-poitcd to th<* ilou^e be printer!. j
The hour of half past four having now arrived, j
the House took a recess. |
EVENING SESSION. j
The House resumed its session at seven oVIock, i
p. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. j
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr. ^
Forney, its Secretary, lequesting the retiun to j
that body of the biii of the Senate (No. 556) to j
promote the health, comfort, and efficiency of the ,
armies of the United States, for the purpose of i
correcting a clerical error in the engrossment of
the bill.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER stated the question before the
House to be on the motion to lay upon the table
the appeal from the decision of the Chair taken
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Norton]
immediately before the recess.
The question was token; and there were—yeas
30, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Baker, Duaxnan, Bingham,
Jacob B. Rlair, Buffinton, Casey, Eliot, Samuel C. Fes-
senden, Thomas A. P. FcsNenden, Hale, Holnfan, Low,
Justin S. Mouill, Timothy G. Phelps Poineioy, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Sheffield, tfpauldinjr, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Stiatton, Trowbridge,'Van Wyck, Wallace, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, mid Wtndom—30.
NAYS — Messrs. Ancona, Hailv, Roscoo Conkling,
Foukc, Grider, Hail, Johnson, Law, Lazear, May, Men-
zics, Norton, Nmien, P  ice, Sin el, Stiles, Chilton A. White,
Wickhffe, and Teaman—19.
No quorum voted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to, and a call of the
House ordered.
The roll was accordingly called, when the fol-
lowing named membeis failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Babbitt, Baxter, Biddle, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake,Geoige II Biowno, Bmnham, Calveit,
Campbell, Clntk, Cobb, Conway, Coining, Covode, Cox,
Cravens, Cuttenden, Delano, Delaplahie, Diven, Duel!,
Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards Elv, English, Fenton, Flan-
ders, Fisher, Fianehot, Goodwin,Gutley, Ilahn, Hickman,
Hooper, Ihueinns, Kellcy, Fiances W, Kellogg, Keirigan,
Kuap|), Lehman, Melndoe, McKenn, McKnight, McPher-
son, Morn*, Noell, Odell, P.itton, John S. Phelps, Potter,
Alexander II. Rice, Segar, Hiio!labai<rer, Siieunan, Sloan,
Smith, Benjamin F. Thomas*, Tiam, Yandevei, Van llorn,
Van Valkenhuigh, Verree, Vibbaid, Walker, Wall, Wal-
ton, Wcitd, WaMilJurne, Wlialev, WoodiulF, and Worces-
ter.
Mr. MAYNAIID. A quorum being now pres-
ent, 1 move that all further proceedings in the call
be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was again taken on the motion to
lay the appeal upon tho table; and it was decided
m the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Me-^rs. Aldueli. Alley, Arnold, A-hley. Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bm^U nil, Jacob B. Blaii, Blake, William
G. Brown, Bnnintoii, Ca>ey, Cohax, Frcdetiek A. Conk-
ling, Conway, Ci.iveiw, Culler, Davis Dawes Diven. Eliot,
Samuel C. Fe->«cnden. Thomas A. 1). !Y>senden, Fisher,
Fiank, Gooch, Granaei, Glider, Halm, Hale, Hariihon,
Ilolman, Iloiton, Hutehins, Jnhan, Kclley, Fianoa W.
Kello {r, William Kellogg. Lam-hisr, Leary, Loomis, Love-
joy, Low, McKmciit, McPheison, Maynaid, Mitchell,
Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, Ju-tm S. M on ill, Nixon, Tim-
othy G Pheipy, Pike, Pomomy, Porfcr, John II. Rice, Rid-
dle, Edw.tid H. Rolhitn, Jame-? S, Rollins, Saigent, Sfdg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sji.mldinjr, John B. Steele, Ste-
vens, Stiatton, Fiancis Tnoma*, Tumble, Tiowbiidge,
; Van Wyck, Walkei, Wallace, Albeit S. White, WiUon,
Windoin, Wood, and VVngiit—79.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Cri^field, Dunlap, Hall, Haiding, Knapp. Law, La
zeai, Mallory, May, Menzi<;s, Noiton, Nugeti, Pendleton,
Perry, Puce," Robinson, Shiel, Stiles, Vallandigham, Voor-
lieCb, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wiukldle, and Yeaman
 oy.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the business before the House is the con-
sideration of hill of the llouse No. 770, to amend
an actentitled " An act to pi ovide internal revenue
j to support the Government and pay interest on tiie
1 public debt, "approved July 1,18G2,and for other
| purposes, which was postponed until this time.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to n question of priv-
ilege. I have already stated to the House that at
the time I was elected to the seat which I now
hold there were also elected members from the
first and third districts of the State under circum-
stances similar to those undei which I was elected;
that is to say, they were elected to the Congress
of the Untte'd States. I have already, on a former
occasion, stated to the House that the gentlemen
, elected from the first and third districts were on
; their way hither, but were captured by the con-
federate authoi Jties, and have been held by them,
! so that they have hot n unable to get here.
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state to
what his question of privilege relates.
i Mr. MAYNARD. I was about doing it, sir.
1 The gentleman who was elected from the thud
! district of Tennessee, having been able to make
: his way here, is now in the Hall—Mr. George
W. Bridges; arid I move that he be now admit-
ted to h's seat.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the case be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that will not be done,
at this late period of the session. 1 move that Mr.
Bridges be now admitted to his seat. I state on
my personal knowledge the fact of his having been
a candidate before the people of his district; and
he has the certificate of the Secretary of the State.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 ask for the reading of the
certificate of election.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have in my hand a copy
of the abstiact of votes cast in the third congres-
sional district. The certificate of the former Sec-
retary of the State shows that Mr.Bridges had over
eight thousand votes, and that the candidate who
rah in the same district for the confederate con- ,
grens received seven thousand and sixty-two.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. * The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would have no objection
to the case being referred to the Committee of
Elections, but that it is now so late in the session.
I know the facts which I have stated, and there-
fore I hope that Mr. Bridges will now be admitted
to his seat.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I ask whether this
gentleman was elected at the time fixed for the
regular election in Tennessee?
Mr. MAYNARD. He was elected on the same
day that 1 myself was—the time fixed by the con-
stitution of Tennessee and by the State laws of
Tennessee, to wit, the first Thursday in August,
1861.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, at the first reg-
ular session ofthis Congress, when the gentleman
from Tennessee who has just addressed the Chan
[Mr. Maykard] presented his credentials, the
whole matter was discussed in the House, and
was, I think, fully understood. It was then in a
nutshell. At tho regular election prescribed by
law in Tennessee for the election of members of
this House, the gentleman and his three colleagues
alluded to by him were candidates for this Con-
gress. The gentleman whose name he now pre-
sents had a majority of eleven hundred votes over
every other candidate. The othercandidates were
disunionists,and were running for the confederate
congress. This gentleman was a Unionist run-
ning for this Congress; and he received that ma-
jority over the whole of them. All this was stated
to the House when the gentleman from Tennessee
[.Mr. May\tard] presented his credentials; and it
was then deemed to be a sufficient reason lor ad-
mitting the gentleman to his seat.
Now, this gentleman (Mr. Bridges) was pre-
vented from reaching this city by being arrested
on his way and being taken back to Tennessee.
He was for a time—I do not know how long—a
prisoner in Tennessee. Thecireumsfances under
which he escaped I am not familiar with. I only
know that the Committee of Elections presented
this whole matter to the House at the commence-
menee of that session; and the House thought
that the facts constituted a sufficiently good reason
why the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] should be entitled to his seat. Tins thing
can be determined as well herein open House at
this moment as it can be by reference to the Com-
mittee of Elections. I do not see any reason for
changing the position which we then took. In
this case the facts are precisely the same.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts why it is that un-
til this hour we have not had this gentleman pre-
senting himself here and claiming his right to a
seat. 'His colleague [Mr. Maynard] was here
at the extra session, certainly at the first regular
session, more than a year ago. Has this gentle-
man's distiict been in possession of the confed-
erates more than fifteen months, so that he could
not get here till this time?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know, Mr. Speaker,
why this gentleman has not been able to get here
before. I only know that the papers in the con-
federate States-announced, after that election, that
the gentleman [Mr. Mayn'ard] had escaped, but
that" this gentleman (Mr. Bridges) and Mr. Nel-
son had been arrested. 1 do not know how long
they were held piisoncrs, nor do I know why the
gentleman has not presented himself before. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. MayjjardI can
explain.
