358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
bill one of those officers must go out of the service. ;
He must be mustered out. He is not permitted
to serve any longer, although he may desire to do
so; and I do not know that lie can be made a
brigadier. The bill directs that he shall be mus-
tered out of the service and go. It shows a case
of hardship to which I desire to call the Senator's
attention.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether, to enable us to prosecute this war to a
successful conclusion, it will not be necessary to
keep up the number of regiments we now have,
and keep them full; whether we can dispense with
one half of the army we have now in the field,
or any considerable portion of it, and still hope to
comc successfully through this war; and whether,
if it should be necessary to keep up our forces to
the maximum authorized by Congress, it would
not be better to preserve these old skeleton regi-
ments with experienced officers and experienced
men, and to provide for filling them upas they
are, than to consolidate regiments, destroy a por-
tion of those now in existence, and call new ones
into the field to make up the complement we must
have. I think the service would be better pro-
moted by preserving the skeleton regiments and
filling them up, giving the new recruits the ad-
vantage of the experience of the officers of those
regiments, and the experience of their fellow sol-
diers with whom they would be called to act. If
we shall have to supply the places of these old
regiments wjth new ones, I do not see how there
will be any economy in the adoption of this meas-
ure. Instead of saving expense, Jt would per-
haps increase it. Organizingand bringing into the
service new regiments, with newly appointed offi-
cers and new men, i* attended with a vast amount
of expense that would not be spent upon filling up
the regiments as they now stand; and I am not
certain that there would be any economy iu pass-
ing this measure on theassumption fhat Jt will be
necessary to keep the Army up to the maximum
authorized by Congress.
■ Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I do not think it possible that the country
can keep up such a force that the regiments now
in the field shall bo full. We made a j^roat mis-
take last year in not filling up the old regiments,
instead of makmgnew ones; a mistake every way
in regard to expenditure and in regard to efficiency;
for one man in the old regiments cannot be worth
leas than two men in the new.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not believe that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, sir,
I believe it.
Mr. GRIMES. No men ever fought bettei than
the new i oginv-nts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It takes time
to make new regiments veterans. A great many
regiments that we have now in the field areneaily
full, and they Will not be affected by this measure;
but we have a gieat many regiments that arc so
much reduced that they ought to be consolidated.
If Senatois think it best not to pi ess this biil to a
vote to-day, but desire to reflect on it, I am per-
fectly willing that it shall go over, for I do not
want to pass it unless it passes with the general
concurrence of the members of both Houses. I
do not believe that we shall be able to keep up our
force—and I do not know that it would be desir-
able to do it—to twelve bundled thousand men.
We have, I believe, about twelve hundred regi-
ments m the service, and if they were all full we
should have twelve hundred thousand men, or
something like that number. I suppose at tins
time we have—perhaps it is best not to state pre-
cisely the number; at any rate, we have not so
many. Many of the best regiments m the field are
very much reduced.
Mr. DAVJS. I desire to make a remark in
relation to this bill, to which I desire to have the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, i think this is a very difficult
and important subject to act upon, and it has i's
difficulties on both sides. I believe myself, if it
were practicable, that the best reorganization of
the Ai my would be to fill up all the old regiments;
but I doubt entirely the piacticability of such an
effort. If that cannot be done, it may become
necessary that the skeleton regiments shall be
consolidated; that there shall be fewer regiments,
and a greater number of men in them. 1 am not
at all satisfied that the number to which'the regi-
ments shall be reduced to authorize this process
of consolidation is not too large, as suggested by
the Senator from Iowa.
But I desire to make a suggestion on an entirely
diffident point. It seems to me that the soldiers
in the field arc the best judges of the competence
and fitness of the men to fill the offices in the dif-
ferent regiments; that their experience and ser-
vice with and under their officers have made them
better acquainted with the peculiar fitness of their
different officers for their different commands than
any other body of men that could be called upon
to reorganize the regiments, and to designate who
shall be their officers. I suggest to the chairman
"of the Committee on Military Affairs that, after
the word " regiment,"in the sixth line, an amend-
ment should be inserted something to this effect—•
and if it should be adopted it would render unne-
cessary the words that follow immediately after-
wards—" the officers of the consolidated regiments
to be appointed in the same mode as the officers
in the original regiments were appointed." I am
satisfied that if this delicate power that touches so
peculiarly the sensibilities of officers and of sol-
diers-is to be exercised by the President, it will
never be exercised so satisfactorily to the Army,
or with such good results to the service, as if it
were exercised by the men who arc to constitute
the new consolidated regiments. I make that
suggestion to the Senator. If that should not bo
adopted as an amendment, I shall, at the proper
time, offer another; or rather I will mention, for
the consideration of the honorable chairman of the
committee, another amendment which I would
Itke to offer, that one being rejected. The bill now
leads:
u 'flint when the nnmciical force of finy two regiments
of volunteer, oi of militia of the same arm, fiom the same
State, in tlie set vice ot the United States, Miall he ies* than
the maximum pi escribed by law lot one such icgunent,the
Pi evident may direct the consolidation of these two legi-
nienN. Fiom the two icgimcnt!- so consolidated shall be
selected by the Pi evident the officers of the new jejunent;
Mich ^election hems made on the leeommemlation of a
bontd <>f examiner* appointed toi that puipoj>e/'
After the word " purpose" I would add,il from
the State whose troops are to be consolidated;"
so that men from the same State with the regi-
ments shall have the power to perform this deli-
cate and most impottant work. It seems to mc it
should be referred to nvn from the same State,
who have the best opportunities of knowing the
various material from wlueh these officers arc to
be selected. They could make thf selection best
in harmony with the feelings of the soldiei y them-
selves, and with a proper regard to the meutsand
capacity of the different officers to be selected to
command the consolidated regiments.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
fiu<:«restion made by the Senator fiom Kentucky
is iiable to ihis objection: if this bill passes I sup-
pose a board of examiners will be appointed of
men in [he field, in the brigade, division, oreorps;
niobably in the corps. A board of competent of-
lieeis on the ground, serving with these men,
knowing their merits, would be able to lecom-
mend the best officers in any of the combined regi-
ments. Their judgment would be better than any
that could possibly be given by the President or
the Goveinois of the States.
Mr. D AVIM. The Senator will allow me to ask
him one question: how does he propose to pto-
vide—or will it bo provided for at all—in the bill
fhat this board shall be selected in the field, and
that it shall not be m this city3 The idea that 1
am utterly opposed to is, that a board of officers,
away from the soldiery and fjom their field of
operations, and who have no personal knowledge
ot them, shall proceed to the performance of the
delicate work of selecting the officers who shall
command the u'giments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree with
the Senator from Kentucky on that subject. I
would not have a board sitting in this city to pass
upon any such matters. I suppose, if the bill
passes, that those men will be appointed in the
field, of officers in the field, as we frequently have
boards of examiners appointed for that purpose
now. Hardly a day passes in winch some man
in some brigade is not brought before a board of
officers for examination, according to the existing
laws. They are often mustered out of the service
on their report. Any officer of the Army who
has not been examined may be brought before a
board of officers appointed in the brigade, divis-
ion, or corps to which he belongs, and on their
report the President of the United States may
muster him out of the service. That is done every
day. The Government has the full power to do
it at the piesent lime.
But, Mr. President, I see plainly that some Sen-
ators have objections to this bill. I want them
to reflect upon it; I desire to make it as perfect aa
possible; and for that purpose I am willing that
it shall go over for further consideration, simply
giving notice that I shall call it up at an early day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be regarded as postponed.
REGENT OF SMITIISOKIA# INSTITUTION.-
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Reiolred, That the Vice President appoint a member to
fill the vacancy in the Boatd of Regents of the SmithsO'
mail Institution, occasioncd by the death of Hon. James
Alfred Peaicc, late a Senator from the State of Maiyland.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. daw
to fill the vacancy.
message of governor of utah.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following resolu*
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Teriitories be in-
structed to inqune and report whether the publication of
the message ot tlie Governor of the Teuitoiy of Utah to the
Territorial Legislature lias been mippics-ied; and if so, by
what causes, and what was the message.
quartermaster genera l/s department.
On motion of Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the bill (S. No. 463) to authorize the appointment
of three auditors and a solicitor for the quarter-
master's department, and to increase the cleiical
and other force of the Quartermaster General's
office, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole, ft provides that
there shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, three
officeis, to be styled auditors of the quartermas-
ter's department, who shall each receive a com-
• pensationof $2,000 per annum, and who shall per-
form such duties as may be assigned to them
under the direction of the Quartermaster General
and m his office, in connection with the examin-
ation and settlement of accounts of money and
piopertv; and one officer to be styled the solicitor
for the quartet master's department, at a compen-
sation ot $2,000 per annum, who shall be a per-
son of legal knowledge and ability, and who shall,
under the direction of the Quartermaster Geneial,
take chaige ofand advise the Quartermaster Gen-
eial upon all legal questions arising in the service
of the quartermaster's depaitmcnt.
It also piovides that theie shall be added to
the cleiral force of the Quartermaster General's
office one hundred and twenty cleiks,to be .em-
ployed as longasthe Quarto master General may
deem necessary, and to be classifier! as follows,
namely, ninety clerks of class one, and thirty copy-
ists, at an annual compensation of $600; also six
laborers, to be employed as long as the Quarter-
master General may deem necessary, at an annual
compensation of $600 each.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts propose to ask for a vote on that
bill to-day ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
get a vote as soon as possible.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desiro to give notice
that I want to speak on that bill. Talk about
clothing Meigs with authority to appoint traitors!
I am not disposed to do it,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration ofexecutive business.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Not yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the motion for
a moment, if the Senator will renew it after he has
said what he wants to say.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to going into executive session. I will
say to the Senator from Kansas, however, that
this is a uill to appoint the cieiks required for the
service of the quartermaster's department. Gen-
eral Meigs asked fortius number, and he desired
to have them in classes—some of the first, second,
third, and fuuith classes. The committee have
simply given the power to appoint the first class,
$2,S00 clerks—ninety of them; and thirty persons
