1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
Mr. MAYNARD. I-have already stated to the
House, I think on more occasions than one, that
by a concert previous to the election, Mr. Nelson,
Mr. Bridges, and myself, the three Representa-
tives of East Tennessee, agreed to leave and to
meet in Cincinnati, intending to come here, and
supposing that we would reach Washington be-
fore the close of the extra session. I succeeded,
owing to the peculiar situation of my district, in
coming through without interruption. The other
two were arrested. Mr. Bridges was got back
from Kentucky into Tennessee by a stratagem
which it is not necessary to state here—one ap-
pealing to his sympathies in behalf of his family.
He has been kept in Tennessee from that time till,
perhaps, the Lust month or six weeks. His dis-
trict is still inside the confedeiate lines, and has
been all the time. He has been surrounded by
those who were continually watching him, so that
it was not safe for him to attempt to leave^ I had
these facts, substantially, from a gentleman who
came from my colleague's county a week or ten
days ago, and who came through in the same way
that my colleague did.
A Member. By the underground railroad.
[Laughter.]
Mi. MAYNARD. Certainly not by the over-
ground railroad—passing over the mountains and
through highways and byways.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, if he came by
the underground railroad 1 will probably have to
vote for his admission. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe the gentleman has
the privilege of being conductor on that line.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEYOY. There is no one in this
House, Mr. Speaker, more disposed than I am to
cherish and encourage everything like Unionism
in the seceded States. But the facts as stated by
the chairman of the Committee of Elections would
entitle Mr. Nelson to a seat should lie appear here.
Am i correct ?
Mr. DAWES. So far as I stated the facts, they
would without doubt; but there is a fact behind
all that which would cut him oil'. That is, he has
taken the oath to the confederate government. lie
fell from grace. ^The gentleman from Illinois will
understand that'. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 have had so many illustra-
tions before me this winter that I can easily un-
derstand it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois asks whether the same facts, as stated heio,
without anything to contradict oi invalidate them,
would not entitle Mr. Nelson to his seat, as he
was elected as a Union man under precisely the
same circumstances. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections says there is some fact sub-
sequent to the election which would pi event his
admission. J desire to assure the House that
there are no facts in connection with Mr. Bridges's
case that assimilate it with the case of Mr. Nel-
son. Before this gentleman anived here, before
I knew that it was possible for him to get here,
one of his neighbors and constituents said to me,
of him, "he is as true a Union man as lives."
There aie no subsequent facts m his case to in-
validate his chum to a seat. He took no oath to
suppoit the southern confedeiacy; and is now
ready to take the oath to sustain the Constitution
of the United States.
Mi*. MENZIES. I a«k the gentleman from
Tennessee how the claimant succeeded in reach-
ing here?
Mr. MAYNARD. In conversation witli the
gentleman, I learn—and I answer An his presence
—that he got here by such means as God and na-
ture put into his possession.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MA\iNARO. I am perfectly willing to
yield to any gentleman who desires informa-
tion  *
Mr, F\ A. CONKLING. I object to the gen-
tleman yielding, unless he yields unconditional! v.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i hope the gentleman will i
allow me to ask one question, and thui I will not i
trouble the House further. 1
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object. :
Mr. MAYNARD. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw ins objection. I dewue that the House ]
may understand the matter fully, and am willing i
to answer any question any gentleman may pro-
pose. i
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move that these creden-
tials be referred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in oider
pending a call for the previous question.
Air. LOVEJOY. I made that motion when the
matter was first presented.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is correct, and the Chair will therefore consider
the motion as pending.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
seventy-five, noes not counted.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeasand
nays on oi during the main question.
The yens and nays were not ordered—ayes
20, noes 90.
The mam question was ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask that the claimant,
who sits by me may be permitted to state to the
House how he came here, and the circumstances
under whieh he claims a seat.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object, I call for the read-
ing of the certificate of the Secretary of State of
the State of Tennessee, which this gentleman pre-
sents as his credentials.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been oi dered, it is not in order to have the cre-
dentials read.
Mr. JOHNSON. X called for the reading re-
peatedly before the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER.* The gentleman has addressed
the Chairseverai times when he was not in order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for iho yeas
ami nays an thf motion to cuinmit.
The yeas anil nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to suspend the
rules to allow the claimant to be heard.
The SPEAKER.. A motion to suspend the
rules while the mam question is pending is not ni
order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J Allen. Aueona, A-hli'v. Bab-
bitt, Himrhiun, Fredenck A. Conklimr. IIom-oc {'onklmg,
Conway, D.ivh. Delano, Eliot, Thoman A. D. Fe?> endeii,
Uii«hr, Hall, Haulm!;, Johnson. Julian, Fiance \V. Kol-
lo«™, Ktllutgcr, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lovejoy, May, No-
ble, Norton, Nugen, i'endleton, Penv, Robinson, Sai^ent,
Sh.wk«\ Sluel, Sloan, John B. Hteek, William G Steele,
Si lie-;, Fianeis Thomas, Vallanditiham, Vumheos Walker,
Walton, (.'lniton A. White, Wiudom, and Wood—45.
NAYS—Messrs, Aldueh, William Allen, Alley. Bally,
Baxter. Beam an, J.i,-ob B Blair, William G Hi own, l'ullin-
ton. Case\,<Jhainbei lain, (,'lai k. (,'l<'inents,('oli;i\, Ciaven-s,
Cusiiehl, Ctitle], Dawes. Dtven, I)utila;>, Ktlwaids Ely,
Ponton, Samuel (\ IVs^-nden. j.'isher, l''|.un!ei">,
[oanehot, Cooeh, (ioodwin, Gtannet, (Jrulei, Ilahn, Hale,
Ham-on, dolman, Iloopei, Hoiton, TIuicIuih. Keflev,
William Keiii «y, LaiMins;, Leaiy, Loomi-*, Low, Me
knight, MelMii-i-on. Malhny, Mai--ton, Maynaid, Men/.ie.-,
Mitehell, Moothewl, Justin S. Momll. iVi.xon, Olm, I'aiton,
Timothy <i L'help*. Pike, Pomeioy, I'ortei, John 11. Uiee,
Kiddle, Taiwan! 11. Rollni-. James S. lluilui?., Sedgwick,
Segai, Sheffield, Sheliabarjrer, Sheiman, Spanldinjz, .Ste-
vens, Snatton, Tumble, Tiovvhuilije, Van Horn, Van
W\ ek. W ads wot th, W.u d. Wa-hbui ne. Webster, Wheeler.
Albert S. While, VWkhlie, YVil.^on, VVou-c&toi, Wnght,
and Veaman— ■*!).
So the motion to commit was disagreed fo.
Mr. WICKLIEEE. I hope now the claimant
will be permitted to be heaid.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the vote may be
taken upon admitting the gentleman to a seat.
The motion of Air, Maynard was agreed to—
ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
Air. Bridols thereupon came forward to the
Speakerdesk, way qualified, and took his seat
as a number of the House.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
770, to amend an act entitled 44An act to provide
interna! revenue to support the Government and
pay interest on the public debt," approved July
1, 1862, and fot other purposes, the question be-
ing on ordering it to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Air. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of ouier. I submit that the bill must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The bill imposing, as u does,
a tax upon the people, must, under the rule, first
be considered in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei moot. 1 hope the gen-
tleman will not insist on his point of oider.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do insist upon it,
because it is the only means by which a fair do-
bate can be had upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, There is no dis-
position to cut otF debate, and if that will satisfy
the gentleman, i will move that the rules m Com-
mittee of the Whole, so far as the five minutes de-
bate is concerned, shall apply to the bill, and that
it be considered in the House.
Mr. VALLAN DIGHAM. Then why not let
itgo to the Committee of the Whole where the rule
properly applies?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Does the Chair
sustain the question of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the qucs*
tion of order. The rules require that all bills im-
posing a tax upon the people shall be first con-
sideied in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the [-louse
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Before the question is put upon
that motion, however, I move that all general de-
bate upon the bill be closed in five minutes after
the committee shall proceed to its consideration.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no objec-
tion to that motion unless some gentleman desires
to discuss the bill at length. 1 do not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermo nt. 1 presume at
this stage of the session no member would desire
to be heard longer thon he would be entitled to
speak under the fi\e minutes rule. It is strictly
a business measure and not a political one.
The SPEAKER. No debate i.s in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask what objection there
is to this bill being considered in the House under
the five minutes rule?
The SPEAKER. That proposition was made
by the gentleman from Vermont, and objected to.
Air. TJOLM AN. T do not see the objection to it.
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. The objection is
that the previous question may be called at any
moment, and ail fuithor debate cut off.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that
under the proposition of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, if the five minutes rule is applied to the
bill in the House, the previous question could be
called upon any amendment, but not, as the Chair
would rule, upon the bill itself as long as amend-
ments were pending. The Chair will restate the
pioposition of the gentleman from Vermont. It is
that the bill beconsideied in the House, and that
the rules applicable to the Committee of the Whole
so far as the five minutes debate is concerned be
applied to the considering of the bill m the House.
Is there objection to the proposition?
Mi. VOORI-IEES. I object.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, to close debate; and it
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. *
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
eoidnigly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in theehair,) and pioceeded to consult r House bill
No. 770, to amend an act entitled " An act to pi o-
vide internal levenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt," appioved
July 1, 1862, and for other purposes.
The C1IA IRMAN. The general debate on this
bill has been closed by order of the House, and if
there be no objection the first reading of the bill
for information will be dispensed with.
Mr. HALL. I object.
The bill was read through for informationjand
then the Ciei k proceeded to read it by sections for
am endment.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the bill, on page 2, line seventeen, by inserting
alter the word " be" the words " sent by mail or;"
so that it will read:
That section nineteen be so amended flint the deputy col-
lector, as well as the collector, inaj pertoim all the duties
requued of tin; said collector In the said «eetion ; and any
notiee requued by «.aa! sec'ion to persons who ncglcct to
pav their (axes may bo .sent by inaii or l^rt nt the dwellings
or usual places oi business of Mich person;*, if any they have,
\vi itlon or pi inted, and said notice shall state the amount
oi duty or tax loi whieh Mich peison-, are liable, including
the ten per eent. additional, a? piovided for in said section,
demanding payment of the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
