THE
 fi EL ,H A
- 4^:--,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0.
RIVES, WASHINGTON,
rnq
Tiiihty-Seventii Con-guess, 3d Session. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1863.
New Series.....Nd.'8
S8&*
The Clerk read, as follows:
And with respect to all such duties or taxes as are not
included in the annual lists as provided for in said section,
and all taxes and duties, the collection of which is notoih-
erwise provided (or in said act, it shall he the duty of each
collector in person or hy deputy to demand payment there-
for, in the manner piovided, within i« n days from and after
the expiration of the time within which such duty or tax
bhouhl have Ireen paid ; and pny copy of distraint shall b«
left at the dwelling or u*uM place of business of the owner
or possessor of the property distrained.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move further to
amend by inserting;, at the end of what the Clerk
luis just read, the following proviso:
Provided, That such special demand shall not be neces-
sary in respect to taxes assessed by section seventy-seven
of said act.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known by this House
that the section of the act referred to imposes a
specific tax upon carriages, watches, piano fortes,
billiard tables, and household plate. It is well
known by those who are concerned, and there is
really 110 necessity why a collector in a rural dis-
trict should be put to the expense, in the short
time of ten days, of going; to every house and-
making-demand ofihose who are liable to the pay-
ment of the tax. In the cities u may easily be
done, where the houses are close together; but it
is entirely a different matter in the rural districts,
where the houses are very distant from each other.
1 am advised by the collector in my own district
of the very onerous burden that will be imposed
upon him on the one item of carriages. Almost
every person in that district owns a carriage, and
the duty will he devolved upon him of visiting
every one of their houses within the ten days here
prescribed. 1 do not think that it is necessary.
1 do not think the attention of the Committee of
Ways and Means has been called to it; for I am
sure that if it had a provision like that which I
suggest would have been inserted in the bill. As
the bill now stands the collector will not be able
to pay expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do notseeany
particular objection to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
Amend by adding at the end of line thirty-eight, page 3,
the following:
That section foity-one of said act shall l>e amended by
adding at the end ot it the following proviso : That the Com-
missioner 0flnter11.il lie venue in autlnmzed to make inies
providing lor deductions on account of leakage from the
quantity of liquois Mihjeet to taxation under the twentieth
section of said act, not exccednn* (bur pm cent, of the
amount removed lor sale; and paid deductions shall be so
adjusted in differed parts of the United States as to he pro-
portioned as nearly as may he to the distance from which
the manufacturer shall transport said liquois for wholesale
thereof.
Mr. Chairman, I desire for one moment to call
the attention of the committee to this justamend-
ment. It is an acknowledged fact, as I under-
stand, that in the transportation of spirituous
liquors from the manufactories in the West to the
markets in the East, there is a loss, in the way of
leakage, amounting to five per cent. My amend-
ment has for its object to put the manufacturers
whft are distant from the market upon the same
footing precisely as those in the East who are close
at hand, and who do not suffer from leakage. Not
only do the manufacturers in tRe West have to
lose in the way of leakage, but they have to pay
a tax also on that very loss. As I have said, this
leakage in the transportation of liquors amounts
to five per v,ent.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would suggest to my
colleague that the leakage is more than five per
cent.
Mr. STEVENS. The leakage depends very
much on the State through which the liquor has
to pass. In some States the leakage would be
enormous. [Laughter.]
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois, I want to have
the serious attention of the House to the amend-
ment which I have proposed. It is of consider-
able moment to the manufacturers who are inter-
ested. I do not believe, when the facts are prop-
erly placed before the committee, that they will
82
refuse to adopt the amendment. It is only sheer
justice to these manufacturers that the deduction
here asked for should be made.
It is assumed that in the transportation of spir-
ituous liquors from the western States to the ulti-
mate market in the East, there isa loss, in the way
of leakage, which the western manufacturers have
to sustain from necessity, and which the eastern
manufacturers and the manufacturers in the mid-
dle Suites do not have to sustain. I propose that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall fix a
scale of deductions, or that he may so arrange the
matter that the ma nufacturers from the East, West,
and middle States shall be placed on the same foot-
inginthe markets for the sale of their goods. Itis
not fair that the western manufacturers should be
compelled to suffer this-leakage and to pay tax on
the whole amount, when the eastern manufac-
turers, by reason of their nearness to the market,
suffer no loss by leakage.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue will
have all the facts before him, and the amendment
authorizes him to make deductions according to
the loss sustained. I propose that the deduction
shall he according to the distance of transporta-
tion from the place of manufacture to the market
Of couise a scale of deductions will be arranged
by the Commissioner. Then the manufacturers
of the West a ill be placed upon an equal footing
with the manufacturers of the East and the mid-
dle States. They ought not to be taxed on what
they lose—on that part of their goods which they
lose as waste in the course of transposition to
market.
This is a matter of moment to us. It is a mat-
ter of justice to these manufacturers. It will meet
with the approval of the committee if they look
to the facts in the case. I trust that it will not
meet with opposition from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not know
that there is much objection to the amendment
when it has been propeily considered and put in
a separate section. It will impose a burden of
double inspection. The liquors will have to be in-
spected when they leave the manufactory, and
they will have to be inspected subsequently when
they reach the market. The amendment will have
that effect. I hope that it will be proposed as an
independent section.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. One word. If the
gentleman will look at my amendment he will see
that it authorizes the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to make regulations to accomplish this ob-
ject, because I could not in the hurry of the moment
prepare an amendment to meet the ca«?e.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 suggest to the
gentleman that it is imposing t wo large an amount
(if legislative power upon the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to insert a provision by which
these liquors shall be inspected a second time.
Mr. SHELLA BARGER. I move to amend
the amendment by sti iking out the last wot d. The
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois does
not propose to give to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue very much legislative power, as was
suggested by the gentleman from Vermont; be-
cause no deduction can be made which shall be in
excess of five per cent, upon the amount of man-
ufacture. So the limit is fixed by the proposed
amendment. And then it gives him but little dis-
cretion in the other respect, because lie must ad-
just the deduction upon account of leakage to the
distance of the manufacture from the place of ulti-
mate sale. Permit me to call the attention of the
members of the committee to the way this thing
operates, and to add an additional suggestion to
what has been said by the gentleman from Illi-
nois. He has already said that it operates as a
tax on revenue in favor of every manufacturer
who is nearer the place of ultimate market than
his neighbor, -if that were not so there would be
no hardship m the law as it now stands. Owing
to the great inequality of distance from the place i
of manufacture, this leakage falls upon those fur- j
thest off, and in that consists the hardness of the 1
present law. To obviate that, this proposition iff I
made to adjust the credit according t6 tliedtlttri(S\
from the market. \ c -f * ?'■ :
But these points have already bfeeft suggest 6<f
by the gentleman from Illinois, and' the sugges-
tion 1 was about to add is, that tliiS Inequality
diminishes the revenue. Instance's have beferi
brought to my notice recently, in wfriciilhe Grdv- "
ernment has lost tens of thousands of dollars in
single transactions by rfeason of the fact lliat
transportation for exportation they can escap&S "
this tax entirely on this inequality, for if they
send it off they get credit under the present law
for nil they export, so that the credit is exactly
equal to the tax; whereas if they sell it hero they
do not get credit for that which is lost in leakage.
Hence every manufacturer is interested in escap*
ing this tax by transportation. The Government
has lost twenty or thirty thousand dollars in my.
own district 011 this account.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not wish to
detain the committee, but I desire to say a word
in icply to the suggestion of the gentleman'from
Vermont, that my amendment would require of the
manufacturers two inspections. I think the gen-
tleman is mistaken in that. It is proposed that
there shall he a deduction, not to exceed five per
cent, of the amount, taking as a basis, say, the
inspection at the place of manufacture. So that,
instead of requiring a second inspection, the rule
of deduction is fixed by the Commissioner of In-,
ternal Revenue, and 1 think the amendment does
in 110 way require a second inspection. The point
is simply this, that acknowledging the fact that
there is a leakage and evaporation of spirits, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall fix the
amount of deduction, the ultimatum of which shall
not exceed five per cent., and shall fix the scale so
that, from point to point, it shall be a percentage
just in proportion as you approach the ultimate
'market. I do not think there is any necessity for
a second examination, and I do not think the
amendment confers upon the Commissioner of In-
tel nal Revenue a dangerous power. I believe this
is the best mode of reaching exact right. It is a
just amendment, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment io the amendment.
Mr, STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto:
Provided, That the owner of the liquor shall pay the ad-
ditional expense of ascertaining the leakage.
I think that that is but fair. Now, by the law,
the Government pays the expense of ascertaining
the amount of the liquor at the place whence it is
sent to the cities. That is as much as the Gov-
ernment ought to incur in the way of gauging
and examination, and if any person wishes to have
a regauging or examination lie ought to pay the
expense of it.
But I would suggest that there is not quite as
much in this matter as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] seems to think. In the first
place, the evaporation of these liquors which are
carried from the West, is incieascd by the agita-
tion,just as is thecasewith liquors broughtacross
the sea; but then it improves the quality just in
proportion to the; loss in quantity, and in almost
all cases, I guess, it is quite equal to that, unless
where they drink some of it on the road; and in
that case, when they get through, I expect they
make it up by putting in a little water. So i imagine*
the loss to these liquor dealers is very trifling.
The amend mt ntto the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CRISElEgLD. I im>ve to amend the bill
in line seventy-one, by inserting, after the word
44 business," the following:
Jlndjyrovidctl, That no attorney shall be required to take
out more than one license to practice his profession for o.ie
year.
I do not know the rule of construction gener-
ally applied to the bill which this amendment is
proposed to amend; but I know that in some
quarters it has been held by the assessors that an
attorney must take* out a license to practice in each
of the courts in which he may want to practice.
The object of the amendment is to correct what I
