1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be employed to do work as clerks for $600 a
year. General Meigs says that he has ยง105,000,000
of accounts in his department that he is not able
to examine. The business is behind hand in every
respect, and I have no doubt that the Government
is losing an immense quantity of money by not
having the necessary number of clerks to keep up
the correspondence in that department. The Sen-
ator has made an allusion to General Meigs to-
day that I am sorry to hear from him. I have
received to-day a letter from General Meigs in
regard to that subject, with a request that it may
be read in the Senate. He feels vary much hurt
at the allusions made here to his loyalty yesterday,
and I think we ought to hear what he has to say.
I ask for the reading of the letter.
The Secretary : Letter signed by M. C.
Meigs, Quartermaster General, directed to Hon.
Henry Wilson, United States Senator:
Washington, January 16.1863.
Sir : I thank you for your remaiks in the Senate, ft is
one of the misfortunes of a country eursod with civil wai,
that no chaiacter, noseivice, seems to be sufficient to pro-
tect the public officer from su&picion. So many men, for-
merly reveienced by the public, have broken the oaths
which bound them to their country's service, that many
have lost all confidence in the usual pledges of character
and position. U appears to me, however, thatSenatoisfor-
get the obligation of their high station when they allow
themselves to be made, in the Senate, the mouthpicce of
loose accusations against public officers. If any Senator
has icasonable ground to sus-peet an officer of the Govern-
ment, should he not make the grounds of that suspicion
known to those to whom tiie officer 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think
such a letter as that should not be read in the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itcannot be read,
if objected to, unless by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to the further read-
ing of that letter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is reading a lecture to
Senators for what they say here.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 wish Senators would
withdraw their objection to the letter being read.
1 have a number of letters on the other side, from
several^entlemen, that I think ought to be read,
also.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it had better stop
here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is but reasonable
to have the letter read. If I had the floor and was
speaking, I should have a right to lead it my-
self; and surely, if the humblest citizen, a private
soldier, any one, was arraigned here, and he de-
sired to say anything in his defense, I would hear
him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator would
have an undoubted right to read it as part of his
remarks; but the rule of the Senate requires that
no papershall be read, if there be objection made,
except by vote of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be read; and
on that motion I will read it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved thai
the paper be read.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As a remark which
I made has induced the Senator from Massachu-
setts to offer the letter, I hope the Senator from
Illinois will withdraw the objection and permit it
to be read.
The question being put, the Vice President de-
clared that the ayes had it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for a division.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor.
I have not yielded it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read it mvself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Another'mle of the
Senate requires a Senator to sit down when he
has done speaking. The Chair thought the Sen-
ator from Ohio had done speaking.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was still standing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that I have not
the slightest feeling about this matter: but I would
hear the letter simply as an act of justice to a man
who is accused. If any man was accused, I ca^e
not who, if he was a traitor, and was called a thief
on this floor, I would have his own letter denying
that he was a thief read at any time. I think it
is but an act of justice; and if the Senator from
Illinois, who now has the paper  will hand it to
me, I will read it.
Mr. HALE. No; let it be read by vote of the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, as a matter of courtesy.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; and if there is
no further objection, I surrender the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question
of reading the paper, the yeas and nays are re-
quested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not read the letter.
I do not know what is in it, except as I heard
from the Clerk a portion of it read. I should like
to have been able to glance my eye over it so as
to see further its purport before making any re-
marks upon it; but I heard this much read by the
Clerk: that the writer of the letter, who I under-
stand to be General Meigs, goes on to state what
it would be proper for Senators here to do in case
they have any accusations to make; that they
should make them in a particular way. Now, sir,
I deny the right of the humblestcitizen of this coun-
try to come in here and insult the Senate. I deny
the right of the Senator from Ohio to do it. The
Senator from Ohio says he has a right to read the
letter in making a speech. I say that if the lettei
reflects upon the Senate and upon Senators here,
he has no right to read it. It is out of order to
do so. Whether the letter goes as for as it seems
to me, from the sentence I caught, that it does go,
I am not quite sure; and I confess that I am some-
what embarrassed in making an objection to the
reading of the letter without knowing fully the
purport of it; but I heard enough to satisfy me
that it is a letter which reflects upon the Senate.
I have made no remarks about General Meigs, i
have no feeling in regard to this letter, as a matter
of course, nor m regard to the officer. If General
Meigs has taken exception to something that has
been said in the Senate, *t cannot ^pply to me; jt
must apply to some other Senator; but whether
he has taken offense or not, he has no right to
write a ietter, and have it read here, that contains
a reflection upon the Senate. I insist that no Sen-
ator has a right in liis place to make an assault
upon the Senate; it would be unparliamentary and
out of order.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to know what the
particular motion is that is before the Senate.
Tin- VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on giving leave to reus! the communication; which
is a question for tin1 Senate to determine.
Mr. 1 IOWA ilD. I did not the other day par-
ticipate in the discussion in which the public con-
duct of General Mei^s was discussed by several
Senator upon tin's tloor; I did not see any occa-
sion to do so: nor do I know what are the con-
tents of the letter which is now in controversy
here, except that on giving it my casual atten-
tion, I observed that, in a little haughty and pom-
pous style of language, that gentleman sees fit to
lecture the Senate as to whatir is proper for them
to do or to omit to do under their oaths and obli-
gations of office.
Now, sir, 1 choose to repel any such lecture or
admonition as this, at the threshold. 1 hold my-
self, as a member of the Senate, to be as capable
of judging what is becoming to my obligations as
a Senator as is General Meigs or any other man.
It is for me, and me only, under the rules of the
Senate, to judge what it is propei for me to do
here; and, sir, I will not listen to reproaches that
come from any outride source tending to pass re-
flections upon me or my associates in this body.
I regard it, sir, as an affront, as a designed af-
fiont to the Senate, and therefore I shall object
to its reading, whether it be here at the desk, or
whether it be in the hands of a Senator who may
choose to interpolate it as a part of his spcech,
and thus indirectly do the same mischief which
Gencial Meigs seeks to do here in this formal
way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think a
great deal of unnecessary commotion has been
marie about this letter. I have not the slightest
feeling about this matter.
Mr.' HOWARD. I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the precise condi-
tion of affairs: yesterday a Senator, as he had a
right to do, charged General Meigs, a high officer
of the Government, with being a traitor, or indi-
cated that somebody else had so charged. Per-
haps I may misquote his language. The Senator
from Kansas stated that it had been alleged on this
floor that General Meigs was a traitor. Now the
thing is again repeated, and a letter is produced
from General Meigs, which, in its first clauses,
recites that he thinks the Senator making a charge
of this kind against an officer of the Government
should at least do so and so; that is, give notice,
and give him the grounds of the accusation, &c.
Now, I see nothing at all in the letter disrespect-
ful to the Senate, it does not say anything about
the Senate. It speaks of the accusation made in
the Senate by a Senator.
Mr. TRUftlBULL. Will the Senator pardon
mo a moment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather get through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Ohio does not yield the floor, the Senator from
Illinois is not entitled to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ohio
will not allow a question to be asked as to what
was read, very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather finish what
I have to say. I understand it simply as an inti-
mation by General Meigs that he believes it would
be more proper for the Senator to have given him
the grounds of the accusation, and then lie was
going on to give his comments upon it. Now, it
seems to me that when any citizen is arraigned
here under these circumstances, he ought to have
pretty free latitude in the use of language. If I
arraign any man here and accuse lum of any of-
fense, (I will not do it unless I believe the accu-
sation to be true,) I am willing that he should have
the broadest latitude. I do not care who he is,
whether he is a private soldier or a citizen or a
general, the same rule applies to all. I see noth-
ing disrespectful in the language so far. If there
was anything very disrespectful to the Senate, I
would not hear it, but I have heard nothing of the
kind. Any mere intimation of that kind, I think,
gives no ground for such an objection.
Mr. HALE. I hope, sir, there will not beany
undue feeling: exhibited on the part of the Senate.
The probability is that General Meigs, being a
public man, reads the proceedings of Congress,
and he probably saw in the report of our pro-
ceedings, a day or two ago, that an officer of an-
other department of the Government had accused
Congress of passing a law from personal instead
of public considerations, and it was treated as a
mero trifle, a hasty expression not worth pur-
suing; and probably the general thought that if
Congress, the whole of them, sat still when they
saw that their motives were impeached in a pub-
lic official communication to the Secretary of the
Navy, it was not any harm in him to suggest
what they ought to do. If it was competent for
one officer to reflect on the Senate for what they
had done, it certainly could not he a very wicked
thing for another one to suggest beforehand to
the Senate what they ought to do. I think that
there is an undue excitement about this. I am
for havmgthe letter read.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I wish to withdraw the letter. I think I
owe it to the Senate to do so after the objec-
tion has been made: and cui looking the letter
o\er carefully, I think there is a hasty, or, rather,
an imprudent expression in it. I have no idea
that General Meigs wished to reflect on the Sen-
ate or on any Senator, in what he has written in
the letter. 1 received the letter a few momenta
a^o, with a request that I would have it read in
the Senate. 1 did not read it very carefully my-
self; I barely glanced at it, anjl I saw that it was
on his part a denial of the accusations against his
loyalty. ThatGeneral Meigs should feel,and feel
strongly on the subject, no one can be surprised.
There is not a Senator hero, if that question was
raised upon him, that would not feel it keenly and
deeply. I believe myself General Meigs to be
loyal to the country, and he feels deeply this ac-
cusation. He has a right to do so. 1 think he
has written a letter in which he has indulged in
an expression that he ought not to have indulged
in; and if 1 had read that, I should not have asked
for the reading of the letter. I desire to withdraw
the letter. If General Meigs desires to commu-
nicatc to the Senate anything in regard to the
charge which has been made against him, I hope
it will bo. done m a way that will lead no member
of thn Senate to feel that there is any reflection
upon the Senate or upon any person in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
