129a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
suppose to be that misconstruction, and it simply
fermds that an attorney shall be-required to take
out more than one license for practicing his profes-
sion whatever number of courts he may practice
in-during the year.
•• Mr. HORTON. I would say to the gentleman
from Maryland that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has ruled precisely in accordance with
his amendment, and 110 lawyer is required to take
out more than one license no matter how many
counties or States he may practice in.
Mr. CRISFIELD. If that be so no harm can
result from passing the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the words, " notwith-
standing he may have removed his office from
where it was first located." The necessity for
the amendment exists in the fact that licenses are
issuedfor particularoffices. And I understand that
the construction of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue upon the law is that a license to an at-
torney of law only authorizes him to practice in
one place. Hence the street and number are in-
serted in the license. This is wrong either in the
construction ofthe Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue or in the law itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
th.ir.if I understand what the gentleman proposes,
we have provided for what he aims at in another
section.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I withdraw my amend-
meiit to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVcrmont. I desire to say to
the gentleman from Maryland, also, that in a sec-
tion which will be offered we have provided that
a lawyer may practice throughout the United
States, if he takes out a license.
Mi. CRISFIELD. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting
the word " so " after tile word " is," in line fifty
three, and by striking out, beginning with line
fifty-four down to and including the word " pro-
vided," in line sixty-seven, as follows:
ill pnr,i ra|ili No. 4, by utilising out tile words '• ill less
quantity than three gallons," and inserting in licti thereof
" in quantities of three gallons or Ics*;" in paragraph No.
11, l*y inserting at the end tiiereof: "Provided fmthcr,
Tuat no person who has taken out a license to keep a hotel,
inn, or tavern undei this act shall be compelled to take out
licence ;k a icunl dealer of spirituous liquors ; but noth-
ing herein contained shall authorize oi empower the keeper
of any hotel, inn, or tavein to sell spirituous, vinous," oi
malt liquors, unless the kcopei of said hotel, inn, or tavern
kIkiII h;ive first obtained a license therefor in accordance
with the laws ofthe State in which he or she may reside
in paragraph No. M, by inserting at the end thereof: " Pro-
vithd^—
So that the clause will read/' that section sixty-
four bp, nnd hereby is, so amended that no license
shall be required of an attorney," &c.
Mr. IIOOPER. Provision is made in a subse-
quent amendment which I shall propose in regard
to retailers of liquors, which will cover all that
is embraced in this paragraph that is necessary.
As it stands now, it would allow any person keep-
ing an inn, an eating-house, or a hotel to retail
spirituous hquois to any extent.
Mr. P. A, C0NKL1NG. I would like to know
what amendment the gentleman proposes to in-
troduce into a subsequent portion of the bill, in
lieu of the part of this section which he proposes
to strike out.
Mr. HOOPER. I shall propose to amend in the
one hundred and eighty-third line, on page 8, by
adding after the paragraph in relation to retail
dealers in liquors, a provision that every person
other than the distiller or brewer who shall sell
or offer for sale any distilled spirits, fermented
liquors, or wines of any description, in quantities
of three gallons or less, and whoso annual sales do
not exceed $25,000, shall be regarded as a retail
dealer, provided that no person who has taken out
a license to keep a hotel, inn, or tavern shall be
required to take out a license as a retail dealer in
liquors because of any beverages furnished to
lodgers in the regular course of his business as
keeper of such hotel, inn, or tavern. The section
as it stands now would allow him not only to
furnish beverages to his lodgers, but to sell liquor
indiscriminately to any one.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
KEXUUN OF A BILL TO THE SENATE.
The committee then rose informally; and
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
Senate:
In Senate op the United States,
February 25,1863.
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to request the
House of Representatives to return to the Senate bill No.
556, to promote the health, comfort, and efficiency of the
armies of the United Slates, for the purpose of correcting
a clerical error in the engrossment of the hill.
The message having been read, it was there-
upon
Ordered, That said bill be returned to the Senate.
INTERNAL liEVENUE BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to add, after the word
" alcohol," in the seventy-seventh line, the words
" and wines and spirituous liquors for medicinal
or mechanical purposes/'
The object of this amendment, as every gentle-
man will perceive, is to enable apothecaries to sell
liquors for medicinal purposes without taking out
a license. This paragraph, as it now stands, au-
thorizes apothecaries to sell alcohol; that is, for
mechanical purposes. Now, all through our coun-
try the apothecaries keep liquors for medicinal
purposes, and I can see no propriety in compel-
ling an apothecary to take out a license for that
especial purpose. It is an enormous tax upon
him.
Gentlemen around me suggest that I should in-
clude in my amendment wines for sacramental
purposes,and I am willing to do that. I presume
there will be no objection to the amendment, and
I have no desire to consume the time of the com-
mittee in making an argument in its favor.
Mr. PORTER. I think the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio ought to be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
speak on that side of the question.
Mr. PORTER. Well, then, I think it ought not
to be adopted in its present form. All our apoth-
ecaries are in the habit of selling liquors, over
three gallons and under three gallons, for purely
medicinal purposes. Under the provisions of this
bill they are required to pay a license as apothe-
caries, a license as wholesale dealers in liquors,,
and a license as retail dealers in liquors. It seems
to me that a tax as wholesale dealers and a tax as
apothecaries imposes upon them sufficient bur-
dens.
Mr. BLAKE. I hope the committee will let us
have a vote on this amendment in the House. I
do not want to break up-the committee, but this
is a matter of great importance to our people.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 move to amend the bill by'
striking out " $1,000" in the ninety-fourth and
ninety-fifth lines, and inserting in lieu thereof
" $2,500;" so that the paragraph will read:
Builders and contractors shall pay twenty-five dollars for
each license. Every poison whose business it to con-
struct buildings, or tdiips or bridges, or canals, or railroads
by contract shall be icgaidcd as a builder and contractor
under tins act: Provided, That no license shall be required
from any person whose building contracts do not exceed
$:2,f>00 in any one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the para-
graph m reference to the license of architects and
civil engineers, by striking out in the eighty-sixth
line the words " or ships." There are no archi-
tects or civil engineers who have anything to do
with the building of ships.
Mr. STEVENS. Then it will not hurt any-
body.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to add to that par-
agraph in relation to architects the followingpro-
vsso:
Provided, That a practical carpenter who labors upon the
building shall not be mcludcd.
It frequently happens that the head carpenter
plans a building and superintends the work, and
is himself a practical mechanic, who labors on the
building, perhaps, for day wages. I think such
persons ought, not to be required to pay for a li-
cense. It ought simply to apply toarchitects who
plan and superintend buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 move to strike out the thirty-
sixth paragraph, which is as follows:
Cartmen and wagoners ■shall pay. when the vehicle is
drawn by more than one horse or mule, three dollars for
each license. Every person whope business it is to keep a
cart, truck, dray, wagon, or other vehicle drawn by horses
or mules, for the transportation of goods, wares, merchan-
dise, or any articles or packages, for hire, or for the deliv-
ery of goods, waies, merchandise, articles, or packages sold,
shall be considered a cartman and wagoner under this act.
I make the motion because the men engaged in
this business belong to the poorest class of our
citizens. They are men who labor from day to
day to gain a livelihood. I know many men who
are engaged in this business, and I think that if
there is any class of men who ought to be exempt
from taxation under this act it is these men. This
tax would reach the poor laboring men, the class
of men, above all others, who ought not to be
reached by a bill of this character.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that amendment will
be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
speak upon that side of the question.
Mr. HORTON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I think there is no class of men, however
meritorious they may be, or how narrow their
circumstances, that will not be willing to pay a
tax for the purposes for which this tax is raised.
I think my colleague does injustice to the class
of persons to whom this paragraph relates by de-
siring them to be exonerated. They ar? abund-
antly able, and I have no question that they are
abundantly willing to pay this tax.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to strike out the last
word of the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a mo-
tion pending to strike out the entire paragraph.
Mr. BLAKE. Well, I want to submit some
motion for the purpose of making some remarks
in reply to my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it is
in order to move to perfect the section before the
question is taken on striking it out.
Mr. BLAKE. Then I move to reduce the license
to two dollars. There is no doubt that these men,
whom this paragraph proposes to tax, are as pa-
triotic as any other class of persons in the United
States. I have no doubt about that. But these
very men are now paying taxes indirectly ,as every
man fully understands. They are paying in-
creased taxes on everything they use. They earn
their bread by daily labor. They are now taxed
indirectly on everything, and when you impose
a direct tax upon every team they have on the
road, although their patriotism may be as large
as that of any one, they certainly will not be
willing to pay the tax. I believe that my col-
league [Mr. Horton] is entirely mistaken in his
efforts to put a tax upon that portion of the cit-
izens. I know they will pay it. Every loyal man
will pay the taxes imposed upon him, if he can
raise the money to do it, for the purpose of pros-
ecuting this war and putting down the rebellion.
But I desire if possible to make the wealthy por-
tion of the community bear the burden of tax-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The tax pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means is
very light now. It is only the sum of three dol-
lars a year on persons who are supposed to own at
least two horses, and a suitable carriage and ve-
hicle for the business—a business that is profit-
able. Many of them are wealthy men. The clause
not only hits these men who may own a carriage
and two horses, bat it also hits another very large
class—manufacturers, people who deal in furni-
ture, extensive grocers and wholesale dealers who
keep wagons for the delivery of goods to custom-
ers,and at boats, ships, and railroad depots. The
Committee of Ways and Means thought it but
fair that this class of business should be subject
to at least an eqSitablc tax.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to add to the sec-
tion a proviso that this shall notapplyto any per-
son who owns but one wagon or one cart.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does not now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken in that.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order at this time.
Mr. BLAKE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment indicated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania is now in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend, byadding
at the end of line one hundred and four—
Provided, That this shall not apply to any person who
owns bat ouc wagon or cart.
