1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rales be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make the point of
order that that motion is not in order while the
previous question is pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr.WASHBURNE. I appeal to thegentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion, and
let us dispose of this matter by a straight, fair
vote. I understand that the Committee of Ways
and Means do not propose to come to a final vote
upon their bill in committee to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire to go on with the
consideration of this finance question until it is
cn ded.
Mr. WASHBURNE. We have already passed
a bi!l for paying our soldiers.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into com-
mittee is not debatable.
The question was put to the House, and eighty
membeis voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE rose.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. { desire to know what will be the position
of this bill if the House now goes into committee ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order, and cannot be entertained while the House
is dividing.
The negative of the question was put, and thirty
members voted.
Mr, WASHBURNE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Now, sir, I think I
have the right to know, in accordance with the
uniform custom, what will be the position of this
bill if the lto use now goes into committee?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman claims it
as a right, the Chair will have to overrule him.
If he simply asks for information, then the Chair
will answer the question as is usual.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the Chair to
state.
The SPEAKER. It would go to the business
on the Speaker's tabic, in the class of public bills
on their engrossment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Now, I dcsiie to say to
the fiiends of the bill 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will come to
order. No debate is in order, and the Chair will
not permit these statements to be made from day
to day in defiance of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
74, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Alien, Anoona, Babbitt. Baily,
Biddie, Bingham. rtamuol S. Blair. Hlake, (Jalvert, Camp-
bell, Chamber!.un, (,Momenta, Cobb, Ftedenek A Conk-
lin?, lto-eon Conkhng, Coining, Coved", (Jiavens, Cutler,
Davis, Dunn, English, Thomas A. D. Fe-ra-uden, Grtder,
Hall, Hauling, Tlojaian, Hooper. Johnson. K>i-
iey, Law, Lazear, MeKniiiht, McPher&un, Malloiv, May,
Majnard. Meime-, Miteholl, Mooihead. An^on P. Moirill,
Jusiii) ri.'Momll, Noble, Notion, Nw^on, Patton, Timothy
G. Phelps Pike, Potter. Alexander II. Pace, John II. Rice,
Edvuud It ilollin*., Shank-. Sin fiiold, Siiiel, Spauldmq,
John 13. Steele, William G tfteide, ^teven-v, Turn,
Tiimblc, Ti<>\v!)i id'-"', Veil e", \\ fuNv- onli, W\ , Al-
beit S Wiute, Ciulfon A. "White. Wickhli'e, Wilson, Wor-
cester, Wiight. and Ycaman—7 1.
NAYS-Me^r-. Aldiich, William j. Alien, Alley, Ar-
nold, Bakei, Bavter, Ke.nnan, J, ro!i B. lUUftnton,
Burnham. Casey, Clink, (Johax, Conway, Dawe«. Delano,
Dticll, tlfiiila,'), Edjerion. EdwauU, Ehoi, Ciy, I'Viitoii,
Samuel 0. Fes-enden, Fianeliot Frank. G">o<mk G;aeic<'i,
Gurlev, llaight. Uutehats. Julian, Vtanci* W Iv nori. Wil-
liam Kelloijff, Knapp, L'in.ung, Loomi*. Lovejo\. Meivan,
Oiin. Pomei'oy. Poller, Pi ice, Puddle. Uolnn-'m, Jai.io- H
Ilollnw, Salient, Siiollabaiyyi, oheiman, Rioa.n rinnth,
Benjamin F Thomas, Y,m [lorn, Vaa Wyek, Walk"!,
Wall, Wallace. Waul, Wa&hburuc, VYneeier, aim Window
—CI.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules weie a-.xoi dmgly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of th*
Whole on the state of the Union, ( Mr.CuiPtiEU
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration oi
the special order, being bill of the House No.
659, to provide ways and means tor the support
of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on tin? amendment, in the nature of a sub-
stitute for the bill, offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr Stevens:!
Mr. SHEFFIELD obtained the floor.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman permitme
to make a statement?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. If it is not to come out of
my time.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state that it is the
intention of the Committee of Elections to call for
action on Monday next on the resolution reported
by that committee at the last session in reference
to the right of William Vandever to a seat in
the House.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. HOOPER. With the consent of the gen-
tleman, before he proceeds with his remarks, I
desire to submit an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to this bill.
I move to strike out all of the gentleman's amend-
ment, and to insert an amendment which I send
to the Chair.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to submit
an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
an amendment of that sort will not at this time be
in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will suggest to
the Chair that the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is in the nature of a substi-
tute to the substitute of thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania. It will therefore be in order to perfect
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania before a vote is taken on sinking it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is in the nature of a substitute
for the bill. The amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is an amendment to that
amendment, and under the rules of the House no
further amendment is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois I will accept it.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the second.section, as
follows:
Which Tifnsury not^p, andnll horotoforc issued, may be
funded, and the tfceiotarv of til 1 Trea-any Miall i?>ue thcre-
foi bond-; of the character and dossciipuon provided lor in
j the fir^t Motion of tins.
1 Mr STEVENS. T arcept the amendment.
I Mr. ROSCOE C0NKL1NG. I ask the gcntlc-
; man to yield to me for a very few moments,
j Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will if it is not to come
; out of my time.
I The CHAIRMAN. No objection being made
' the Gentleman from Rhode Island will be allowed
j a. full hour after h" shall commence his remarks.
I Mr. ROSCOE C0NKL1NG. When the prop-
j osition was oiiguially brought forward to issue
paper promises to pay as currency, about one
half the House was opposed to forcing their ac-
ceptance by making them a legal tender. The
experiment lias not perhaps weakened the belief
then expressed, that it would prove a capital if
not a fatal eiror to cut loose fiom a specie basis
and soar aloft upon the wings of unbridled ex-
pansion.
A chiefargumcnt urged against the project was,
that when once we took to paper wc eouid not
i retrace our steps, but should he compelled to go
' furihei and fu'ithcrbya necessity which would
1 constantly increase*, that the mexoiable logic of
' the system we inaugurated would forbid all re neat,
| all pause, ail hesitation; that necessity would
j goad the Government fiomone issue to another,
; until brought up by a depreciation too enormous
[ to continue. I ventured myself to predict that a
depieeiMion of fifty pur cent, would happen with-
' m'n year. The year has not quite elapsed and
i irold is at a premium of forty-nine pci cent.^
which, as 1 understand it, is a d  pr"ciatioi) of
papet to precis; ly that extent. Fifty per cent, is
a startling d> pr< eution. Necessity has earned us
' thus far, and v--t sho ai^umenr is not on ti j el y
verified that th(ic is no stop anywhere. The
urgent question to be answered is, whether it is
in any sl use umu'oidahle that we should put out
$300,000,000 more? That qii"Stron. 1 think, re-
; solves itself into another; and that is, whether
! the bill as proposed by the committee will keep
the Government alive, financially, frr the peuod
i it coveisr To determine this question it is im-
■ portant to know whether it is acceptable to the
i financial officer of the Government, and in his
! opinion bids fair to answer the purpose.
We authorized, according to my recollection',
at the last session $150,000,000, then:fl50,000,0(H)
more, making $300,00ft,000 in all. Then the
other day we passed a joint resolution authoriziVifr
$100,000,000 more. That is $400,000,000. The
postal currency is emitted without limit-, and th£
Secretary of the Treasury estimates that it wift
reach $40,000,000. Now, it is proposed that we
shall issue $300;000,000 more. All these issues
amount to $740,000,000 of legal tender alone,
saying nothing of " certificates of indebtedness,"
which have no limit by law. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Horton-] tells me the $100,000,000 au-
thorized in the bill passed the otherday, comes out
of the $300,000,000 proposed in this bill. Then
the aggregate will be $640,000,000. Now, sir,
those who, like myself, require the strongest ar-
gument the case admits of before voting for any
bill which proposes to make lawful money out of
paper, will, no doubt, be glad to know whether
the Secretary of the Treasury deems himself able
to accept the bill proposed, and make it answer
the purpose. We know he has recommended A
different plan, and we ought to know, if we can,
whether he now assents to this, and thinks it can
be made to work.
It is, I understand, the purpose of the Admin-
istration party in this House to act up to the limit
imposed by the Constitution, in providing means
to carry on the war in which we are engaged. We
may provide for the support of our armies for
two years in advance, and thus avoid an extra
session, and lea\c the Administration possessed of
financial resources for the remainder of its term.
Ifchatbe theobject, if that be the necessity which
we are to plead for what could not be justified by
a lesser reason, it behooves u.s to see to it that we
hit upon some mode which holds out a reasonable
•nromise of attaining the end.
If the Secretary of the Treasury is willing to
undertake to manage his Department with tho
facilities afforded by this bill, that is a ground of
encouragement. If, on the contrary, the scheme
is unsatisfactory to him, and he is of opinion that
he cannot get along with it, that fact would be
equally weighty against the bill. If the present
Minister of Finance is to remain in his place, it
is desuable to know, whenever a money bill is
bronght forward, whether it accoids with the pol-
icy he ha^ inaugurated, and which has been sanc-
tioned by a majority of this House;or whether it
thwarts his policy, and hinders his operations.
If the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Stevens] will tell us—perhaps,
though, I ouijht not to ask him, for he is not one of
the members of the committee understood to ap-
prove of the original bill—if the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
or any other member of the committee, is able to
state, and has no objection, I should he glad, and
I think the House would be giad also, to hear
whether the measuteof the committee will, in the-
opinion of the Secretary, answer the purpose, or
whether the Secretary thinks that it will not carry
him through, and will not be as satisfactory to
him as some different.measure.
Mi. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, I have no ob-
jection to implying to the question put to me by
'the gentleman from New York, so far as I am able
to do so. I believe that the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and A'leans is not satisfactory
to the Secretary of the Treasury. I have con-
sulted with turn this morning, and after doing so I
arranged the substitute for th<> amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
which I have submitted to the House.
There are parts of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means which seem to me to
conflict with the recommend,thons of the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury. I think they would render
the administration of his Department foi the next
twelve months a matter of serious difficulty; and
I doubt very much whether it could be carried on
under that hill through this year.
In reply to another portion of the remarks of
tho gentleman from New York, I will say that it
was not n que.-* t ion with the Secretary of the Treas-
ui y lis to whether the legal teridd' not( s were the
most expedient or the best cuirency which could
have been adopted foi a permanent measure, but
whether we should receivy for the revenues of the
Government, and use in the disbursements of the
Government, the irredeemable notes of the sus-
pended banks, or supply a substitute for it by issu-
