360
TH£ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
ing the notes of the Government, such as Con-
gress authorized to be issued last year, and made
a legal tender. My impression is that the Secre-
tary does not consider it necessary to issue Gov-
ernment notes to the extent authorized by this bill.
•In regard to the irredeemable State bank notes,
there is no legal limit to their issue, and,I doubt
if it ia expedient to put a limit upon the issue from
the Treasury Department, believing as I do that
the power to issue may be usefully and safely left
unrestricted, and that the actual issue would not
exceed what wasabsolutely necessary for the pub-
lic service. I made the statement at the last ses-
sion of Congress in regard to the sccond issue of
Treasury notes, that it was the power to issue
them that was wanted, rather than the exercise of
that power. I readily acknowledge that I was
mistaken in regard to the extent to which they
could be used for circulation, and I am surprised
that the wants of the country have absorbed an
amount of those notes so much larger than I be-
lieved at that time was possible. Of the issue that
has already been made, about $220,000,000 arc
now in circulation, with no evidence of their re-
dundancy in circulation in any quarter.
There is a redundancy of currency in the form
of the inscribed credits in the banks, under the
name of deposits. But when the Secretary of
the Treasury asked the other day for a loan of
§13,000,000, it was found almost an impossibility
to furnish it m currency which was receivable by
the Treasury. When the Secretary called tor thai
amount, he could not receive of couise these in-
scribed credits upon the hanks. The amount
must be paid into the Treasury in Government
notes, and it took seven or eight days to collect
that amount in the cities of New York, Philadel-
phia, and Boston. It seems to me that theie is
no evidence of any great redundancy of tins cur-
rency.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts inform the House, if he
is able, whether in his own opinion the Secretary
of the Ti easm y will be able to sustain his Depart-
ment with this bill? Me has said that theio are
some foatuies of it which he thinks do not meet
with the approval of the Sec ret at y. I ask an an-
swer to the practical question, whether if we pass
the bill the Secretary can get along with it?
Mr. HOOPER. Does the gentleman refer to
the original bill reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOOPER. I think that it would be diffi-
cult, if not impossible, for the Treasury Depmt-
ment to be conducted under that bill through tins
year.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is that the opin-
ion of t he Secretary 3
iVfr. HOOPER. I have no authority to speak
for the Secretaiy, but I am quite certain that js
his opinion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will ask an-
other question: Does the substitute presented by
the gentleman from Massachusetts embody sub-
stantially the views of the Secretai y of the Treas-
ury, and docs he think lie can successfully man-
age his Department if that be passed ?
Mr. HOOPER. I have stated before that my
substitute was prepared after consultation with
the Secretary, and I understood from him that
the substitute would meet the wants of the Tieas-
ury Depaitnient.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It was not my
purpose to enter at large into the discussion of this
bill, but simply to obtain information of the \ iews
of the Secretary of the Tteasuiy, and I have no
doubt the House is obliged, as I am, to tlie gen tie-
man from Massachusetts I think it will hardly
be expected that gentlemen who originally took
ground against the power of Congress to is^ue ie^al
tender notes, and against the wisdom of the exei-
cise of that power, will consent now to surrender
their objections to the issue of $200,000,000 more,
if the Secretary of the Treasury protests against
it. Those who are to lay down then convictions
should at least be assured thutsome point js to he
gained by doing so.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Were not
the legal tender notes issued against the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury in his
report?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
had asked me whether the original legal tender
bill prevailed against the recommendation of the
Secretary, I should have said " no," because, as
all those who hear me will remember, my col-
league from the Erie district [Mr. Spaulding]
brought in a note from the Secretary, which was
read to the House, upon call, in which the Secre-
tary said that he deemed the passage of the bill
necessary; that there was an urgent necessity for
it; and, if I remember aright, he recommended its
passage without qualification. But when the gen-
tleman asks me if it was in accoidance with the
recommendation of the Secretary's report, I am
bound to say that I think it was not.
I am much obliged to the gentleman from Rhode
Island for his courtesy in yielding to me.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Chairman, 1 should
not haveaddrcssed the House at all upon this sub-
ject, had it not been for the remarks which were
made by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] before the adjournment last evening. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gcrley]
that it is important that we should perfect some
financial measure, that we should take some ac-
tion, so that our soldiers in the field may be paid
at an early day. I agree with the gentleman from
Illinois that, in discussing these questions, we
should be calm and conciliatory, that we should
not provoke antagonisms here, but, on the con-
trary, that now, while the tide of the nation's life-
blood is ebbing, we should endeavor with calm
reason to ascertain what is best; that we should
pursue the conclusions that our reasons indicate,
without reference to any other considerations;
that we should endeavor, as far as possible, to
reconcile all to the policy we may adopt. Sir, we
cannot prosecute this war when we are divided.
This war is not the war of the Administration.
It is not a war which the Administration is waging
for the purpose of carrying out any views of its
own. But it is a war of our country, which is
being prosecuted to maintain our Government in
its integrity, as we inherited it from our fathers.
No war can be prosecuted as a party war in this
country. With nearly one third of our popula-
tion in arms against us, we cannot prosecute a
war successfully while any considerable portion
of the loyal people are opposed to the mode of
| piosecutini: the war. I say, then, that we should
< nine together as wise men, looking at the sub-
ject in the light of our best judgments and not of
passion, and endeavoring to asceitam what is best
to be done with the questions before us, and all
other questions involved in carrying the Gov-
ernment through its present crisis. We should
recognize the fact that if this Government is to be
maintained at all, it is to be maintained through
the existing constituted authorities,and we should
give to these authorities all the support which, in
conscience, we can accord to them. We must
remember the perplexities and difficulties that
sui tound the Administration m the prosecution of
this war—such perplexities and such difficulties
as no Administration has been involved in since
the foundation of thus Government. If we think
the war has not been conducted with as much
energy, as much ability, and as much economy
as it ought to have been conducted with; that the
vast resources which have been supplied have not
been so economically expended in suppressing the
rebellion as we could have reasonably expected;
we must remember the difficulties by which the
Administration has been surrounded and which it
has had to encounter, and take them into the ac-
count in any judgment we may form. The Pres-
ident enteied upon new and untiicd duties,-and if
he has not developed qualities or been enabled to
surround himself with gentlemen possessing a
combination of qualities best adapted to the suc-
cessful suppression of the rebellion, we must re-
member that it required, and yet requires, a rare
combination of talents to produce this result; and
while we are considering delinquencies, we must
also remember that mistakes, misfortunes, and
even crimes are incident to eveiy great undertak-
ing such as that which this Government is now
striving to accomplish.
With thc-se general suggestions, Mr. Chairman,
let mc ask the attention of the committee to the
subject particularly before us for consideration—
the'subject of finance. The difficulty arises from
the extraordinary exigencies in which we find
ourselves involved. The fact is, that the demands
of the Government for money are larger than the
people can conveniently supply. There is no ade-
quate demand for the Government securities in
the market. There is so large an amount that
they cannot be readily absorbed by the people.
Another difficulty arises, and that is, a want of
confidence. All credit is based upon confidence
—confidence in the ability and in the disposition
of the person who makes contracts to fulfill them.
We are in a state of war. The federal element in
our Government is particularly on tiial. If we
do not succeed in maintaining the integrity of that
element, the question may well enough be asked,
shall we bo able, or how far shall we be able, to
redeem the pledges which we now give? If the
federal tie is once broken, will it not be broken
again ? and if, when, arid where? And if broken,
how far may we be able to redeem the pledges we
may give? is a question which is being presented
and considered by the people, who havean inter-
est in this matter, and who furnish money to the
Government. It is impossible, I grant, to carry
on this war upon a specie basis; for the reason,
that the specie in the country is not adequate to the
work. No great war like this has ever been car-
ried on upon such a basis. But it is equally im-
possible, in my judgment, to prosecute it success-
fully upon the scheme presented to the House by
the very ablegentlemanfromMassachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] and it is to that scheme that I paiticu-
larly desire to call the attention of the House at
the present time.
The suggestions made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is to send down here a scheme
and that we arc to indorse it without the exercise
of our own judgments, is unacceptable to me. I
am heie to discharge my duty to the best of my
ability. I shall give to the suggestions of the
very able gentleman who is at the head of the
financial department of our Government all the
weight to which, in my judgment, they are enti-
tled; but I shall not adopt the decree of any man
as a rule for my action here. I think that this
scheme, which is substantially the banking sys-
tem of Now York applied to the whole country,
and based upon the bonds of the United States,
is a very dangerous one. It is wrong at its very
foundation. Any banking system which is based
upon indebtedness for its capital merely is wrong,
no matter whether it be upon the indebtedness of
an individual or the indebtedness of a govern-
ment. The principle is wrong. It is better that
a banking system should be based upon the in-
terests of those who have the management of the
banks, and who are managing their own capital,
than upon the interests and conduct of people
over whom those who are principally interested
have no control. Our banking system is based
upon capital actually paid in, and the men who
control the institutions are the men who own
them; while upon the system proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, it is not those
who own the institutions who are to control the
capital upon which they are based; but the
safety of that capital may depend entirely upon
the conduct of the officers of the Government,
over whom the bank officers can exercise no au-
thority.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman, if he will permit me, so that
we may understand his remarks.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether the bill introduced as a sub-
stitute by the gentleman ftom Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] has any relation to any banking
operations at all under State institutions? Does
he so understand it?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I understand that the
whole system is involved in the question now be-
fore us, whether the report of the Committee of
Ways and Means shall be adopted or the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
which embraces two bills which have been intro-
duced by him. I think I am right in this, and
therefore I am discussing the two systems.
I have another exception to this new banking
system. It proposes to put the entire currency
of the country, all its monetary interests, within
the power and subject to the integrity of a single
Comptroller, whose only security to the Govern-
ment is a bond for $100,000. It puts the whole
business interests of the country at the disposal of
the Secretary of the Treasury and of the Treasury
