s m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January I&
Upon the Secretary of the Treasury. And in order
that I may not do my colleague any injustice, I
will read the gravamen of his charge against the
Secretary, arfd shall then endeavor to show that
there was no foundation for it. My colleague
gays:
, "Why, sir, Congress authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury last February to borrow the sum of $500,000,000
on bonds of the United States Government to uin from five
to twenty yeais,oi as much of it as he iru?ht need ; to place
those bonds, in other words, m the market, and sell them
at the market price. Has he done it ? Nay, he has sold only
to the amount of some $25,000,000. The'resnlt is, we have
not the money to pay oui soldiers by about.$45,000,000, this
being the amount that was due them up to Janiuuy 1, ac-
cording to the statement of the Paymaster General. Had
the Secretary carried out the L\w oi Ooueress as wo all un-
derstand it, not a soldier would have been without his money
a day longer thau the paymaster could reach lum, as we
will fallow."
This charsre in the course of the speech is some-
what amplified, and the tendency of it js to pre-
judice the country and to prejudice the Army
against the Secretary of the Treasury for not
carrying out the clearly expressed will of Con-
gress in the sale of these bonds.
Now, sir, these charges are unjust. The Sec-
retary has construed the law of Congress, and I
believe he has construed it correctly. The gen-
tleman takes it for granted that the law of Con-
gress authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell these bonds at auction to the highest bid-
der, to realize the money, and pay the soldiers. In
order that the {Secretary of the Treasury may have
the benefit of his own const! action of the Jaw, he-
fore I undertake to show that his consti notion is
legal and correct I will give it to the committee
in his osvn words in a letter recently addressed to
the House:
<l In reply, he begs leave lespectfitlly to «tate that, in hiv
judgment, he t- not uuthoi izcd by existuifi laws to nu-se the
moans foi ilie pui pose indicated bv piaeticabh' meinod .uul
that the boudc leleiied to, nann-h - the liw ;ivmtv hoiuh,
uutffouzed by the act of last m ^mou, have not been K)ld
under the iumlauon- nnpo-ed by Countess.
"The iiiH'.uti ot pav to,the Army .it the present moment
are mon* thau treble the whole amount winch tin' Sceu-tar.v
is enabled to rai-e by the a"t - now exisl in<^ oilici wi„c than
by the siie of five twenty bonds; and the emhari a-siiu'iits
nuoiidiui* the negotiation of tnc-e have ahe.idv been ex-
plained m tin* annual icport on financed, and in a leiiei, je-
plyins? to a former je-oluuon of tin- House, eom-et nun; the
pay of th<* Arm\. A lepetition oi these cvplanauous ma\
not be thought out of place heie.
" The otunnal avt which piovided im the is«ue oi'tive
twenty bonds, piovided al o ioi the <-nuv. ision lutoitiein of
any sum of fi.iy doliatot - otne multiple <>t fifty doilut-*, oi
United States note--, at the plea^ me of the hohlet ; and onlv
, permitted wiles at the uuuket rate, which uue can only be
ascertained by the dad> quotations of sales m N'tw Yoi k.
These two pros isioiw, laken together, make the obtaining oi
money for these bunds, oilier than bj conveision-, piacii
caHv impossible.
uThe-aipplenient;uy net, which provided for an additional
issue of fiie Hinted States nolo, wa-> hamed a ' to avoid
these em ban.i -smcii t-> b> omuim:: the i*on\ cr-ion and in.it-
ket Kite clauses ; and if i • ln-h< \ cd il),o Ii.mI it pa--s d ui that
form, much it' not all ibc inconvenience which has been
experienced would have been shunned
'•Congress, howevoi, not onlyie-toied the conveiMon
clause, but inquired the application to tin* Mipph numtaij
net of all the applicable and not i:icon--eteiit pi.ivi-.mns oi
the fortnci act. Tins action -eeined to lequn <• ilt.U the oi i-
giual limitation ot sale;- to the maiLct iate-> f.houid al>o be
rciraided as rem-unm# m i<nco
'•The Seoretaiy,theietoie,c-o!ieitous to i emulate his action
by tiie spnit a- well as the i^ttej ot the le^i-dauon ot Con-
gress, d'd not consxhu Imtwdr ;it Ubeity to make sab'< of
the-ie bonds Itelow the mai ket value ; and sties, e\c< pt bo
Jow, weie, as has been aliead\ .s.iid, i;npi«ictit.*ki.b!e.;,>
It will bo seen, therefore, that the Secretary's
construction of this law is that he could only sell
these bonds at the market value, to be ascertained
by the daily quotation of sales in the city of New
York, where bonds of this sort are ordinarily sold.
Now, that is a just and fan' construction of tln.s
law, as I believe,aud 1 can convince toy colleague,
who is a fdir-iittnded man, of its correctness. The
Secretary, we all know, has given the iaw that
construction, and he is certainly as competent to
construe jr ns any member of this House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me for a moment5 i am not couxctlv posted as
to the amount that lemains of the appropriations
of the last and present sessions of Confess, or
of the money pan! to the soldiers of the volunteer
corps; but I have reason to apprehend and fear
that a large amount of that inoney has been ap-
plied to other purposes. If the gentleman will
inform trio wlv ther the whole amount so appro-
priated has been applied m that way, I will thank
him. We have asked by resolution, adopted on
the 11th of January, whether the money appro-
priated had been applied for any other purpose,
and we have got no answer. I have endeavored
to get a resolution passed calling on the Secretary
of War to know why he has not answered the
question, but the House has not passed it.
Mr. HUTCH INS. 1 have no knowledge about
that fact which the gentleman may not obtain; but
it makes no difference whether the appropriations
have been expended or not, if Congress did not
furnish the means. There is no money to meet
the appropriations. That is the point the Secre-
tary makes, and that is the point my colleague
made upon the Secretary.
Now, I am not to be drawn off into these col-
lateral discussions as to whether money has been
appropriated to feed contrabands or not. The gen-
tleman is all the time after contrabands. [Laugh-
ter.] I want to get at the legal question. I am
discussing only a question of law.
The point made by my colleague was this:
that the law of Congress authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell these bonds for what he
could get for them at auction or at piivate sale.
Now, sii, let us sec what that law is. Here it
is:
c- And the Secretary of th" Treasury tnnv dispose of such
bonds at any time, at the maiket value thereof, lot the com
ot the United States, oi foi any of the Tteasutv notes that
have been oi ma) In-ieaher be issued under anv format act
of Con<iie«s.s, ot for United States notes that may be Ha-ued
undet the piovistons ol tlu> act; and all shocks, bonds, and
otliersecuritio, oi the United State-* held by individuals, cor-
porations, or associations, within the United States;, shall
be exempt fiom taxation by ot under State authouty."
He may dispose of them upon one condition,
and one condition only; and that is, that ho shall
get tiie maiket value foi them. What is market
value ? Is it what some capitalists may oift r, or
what they are ordinal ily worth m such markets
where such bonds arc usually sold? I think
th"ir mat ket value is what they were selling for
anion): the brokers in Mew York, and not what
the brokers mi«ht be willing to give for them at
forced private sale. Let'me illustrate my opin-
ion of this construction. My colleague is the
owner of ton thousand bushels of wheat sent to
New Yoik for sale, f am Ins ogent there. My
fitetnl wi ties to me from Cincinnati to sell that
wheat at us market value, using the precise words
of this law. I eonstme that letter to mean that I
may i lirow that wheat into the market, to be.sold
at auction or pnvalo sale, and that 1 might get
the most I could for it. 1 construe that to bo the
market value. Jl I had put such a construction
upon the letter of my friend from Cincinnati, I
think he would have met me wuh a more dismal
howl than he has the Secretary of the Treasury
for so construing the law referred to. My duty,
under such circumstances, would be to ascertain
what that wheat was worth in market, and to-dis-
pose of it at that market value. That was the
consltuction of the Secretary ot the Tieasury.
In order to show that the (Secretary was not
mistaken m the construction of this clause, I beg
leave to reft 1 to tin: lustoiy of the legislation on
the subject. Thete was a supplemental act passed,
presented to Congress oi initially by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and re/to red to the Committee ot
Ways and Means. In that act tins restriction of
the nuuket value w;-s left out, and the other re-
striction of convertibility was also omitted. The
Secret try of tin1 Treasury desired that Congress
should remove fiotn those bonds that restriction.
: The Commuter of Ways and Means did not agree
I with htm. This House did not a^ree with hitn, '
! and Congiess passed a supplemental y bill, retain- :
; tng, against the advice of the Secretary, the mar-
, ket value and tin convertibility clause. Here was ;
, a construction of the law. When he pointed out !
j to them, by arguments and by letters, that the exi- j
geney mt^iitai ise in the public service whereby it :
would be the duty of the Government to sell bonds ;
without restriction, and, on deliberation,Congress I
refused to pasb tho law us suggested by the Sec- '
rotary. This wis a strong argument m favor of ]
Ins construction of the law. Let me refer to the ;
letter which In; sent to ibis House. His statement |
we*> iLi*: j
•• 1'he Mippkmcutaty act, which ptovide* foe an addi I
tion.ii iv-r.r ot T'nit^d State* notcf, was fianied so a> to 1
avoid these em bat iassinents hj onnttui^ the cmvoi -ion and i
maiket 3 ale el.iiw- ; audit j. ^ believed Unit ban it passed .
in that joun much, if not ail, the inconvenience vlneli n,is I
been experienced would have been shunned. !
*• Centners, however, not only rc&toied the conversion !
clause, but requirul Hie application to th<' Mipplcmontnrj 1
act ot all the applicable and not inconsistent provisions of j
the former act. Th's action seemed to icqmre that the ori- '
ginal limitation of sales to the market late should also be
legarded as remaining i^foree.
" The Secietary, tluiiwire, solicitous to regulate his ac-
tion by the spirit as well a-' by the letter of the legislation
of Connies*, did not consider himself at liberty to make sales
of these bonds below maiUet value, and sales except below
were, as has been uheady said, virtually nnpidcucable."
There is a clear statement of the reasons which
influenced the Secretary of the Treasury.
Much has been said about the arbitrary power
exercised by the Secretary of the Treasury. Had
he sold these bonds at auction or private sale at
ninety or eighty-seven cents,a howl would have
gone all over the country by the enemies of the
Secretary of the Treasury and of the country that
he had put a false construction upon the act of
Congress; and the subsequent action of Congress
would have been referred to as evidence that the
Secretary of the Treasury had exercised power
not conferred by Congress?
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio, who seems to speak as by au-
thority tor the Secretary of the Treasury, whether
it be true that the Secretary of the Treasury has
signed all the drafts upon him made by the pay-
masters ?
Mr. JIUTCHINS. I do not know.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish to know, because it is
given out from the Treasury Department that that
is the fact. I wish to know through authority
whether that is so or not. If he has signed all
the drafts made upon him by the pay department,
then we know that the difficulty is with the pay
department and riot with the Treasury. Why
this going backwards and forwards between the
pay department and the Treasury Department
about this matter? It can be settled m half an hour
if the SccrcUuy of the Treasury or the Paymas-
ter General will speak by authority. If you go
to the Treasury Department you are told that
every draft drawn by the pay department has been
signed; and if you go to the pay department you
are told that the drafts have been sent, but that
they have not been signed or returned. 1 ask the
gentleman to answer the inquiry, as he seems to
speek by authority.
Mr. (iEIIILEY. I wish to say that about the
1st day of January I inquired of the Paymaster
General what was the amount due to the soldiers,
and he said §45,000,000.
One word in reference to what my colleaguo
said about the market value of these bonds. 1
have not a shadow of doubt that the market value
of these bonds would be precisely what they
would bring when placed in the market in the city
of New York. I wish to ask the gentleman a sin-
gle question: suppose the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had gone into the market of New York and
sold bonds enough to pay our snfTeimg soldiers,
does he behove that theie is a member of this
House, who is loyal to the Government, who
would have objected to it? On the contrary, would
not all have said, 44 well done, good and faithful
servant." Let me read the close ofmy remarks
of yesterday in further rep!v to the gentleman.
'• in my juduumut thr« Seen t,u> h«i- tins day all the au-
thority we can ve lum to iai-e imme\ bj the sale of bond*;
he ha-i !;,'d ir ioi moie than ten inonihs ; and I see no good
reason, therrioi,^ jm the m-ilec' oi the biave men, \\ho,
slefp.ru upon damp ^tound, and dien'died with the rams
mid Mi'uv of Wfnfi i. .ue fiulif.'n# the ba'tles ol the count:yf
and d\ uiir bv bandied? and thorn-awls ihat we pnd the CjOv-
einincnt ma\ live 'i'b.u the Scnetai y of the Tiea-my has
acted in good iauh, I .u.isuie, for ne h a m;ui ot good con-
science ; tie lias, howwei. put a uiTicient con^ti action npon
the law authouzuv* him to sell our bond6! thau this llou^e
has put upon it, but we must all admit that he has done s-n
wun a most conscientious tcgaid to his public duty. Had
hi* judgment eomc.ded with oui<3 anil cou-cience per-
mitted, lieu ouid at once have put tne bonds upon the mar-
ket and sold tin ni. Theie can be no doubt about this in
the minds of those who know him best.'5
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of my
colleague, whether the Paymaster General, in the
communication he made to him, when he told him
there weie $45,000,000 due to the soldiers and un-
paid about the 1st of January, informed him
whether that $43,000,000 was made up of the tri-
monthly bilks which would be due and ought to
be made out about the 1st of January; and whether
he hrd ever made out and presented that account
at all ?
Mr GUT*LEY. He did not go into details. I
went with open letters to the Paymaster General,
and asked him if certain men and regiments could
not be paid. He assured me that they had not the
money to pay; that although they had pressed the
question upon the Treasury Department whether
