1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
promotion. General officers are always appointed
by selection by the President. That has never
been departed from in our history, to my knowl-
edge,, and all our laws are in that direction. The
difference is very plain and palpable. The Gov-
ernment has settled on this principle in the Army:
from a second lieutenant to a colonel the promo-
tions are to follow regularly; when the Govern-
ment makes a general it casts about and selects
anybody it pleases. You have many regiments in
the old Army, and up to a colonel they all go by
regular promotion. Then, when you wish to make
a general, the whole Army in open, from which
the President is to select a. general officer. That is
right and just. Here is a proposition absolutely
to make the senior officer of the marine corps a
general officer. I desire to know if it is in order to
move to reconsider that vote. If it is, I want to
make that motion. If it is not, I want to lay this
bill on the table; for I would never vote for a prop-
osition of that kind under any circumstances
whatever.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit that it is not in order
to reconsider that vote, the question having been
put at least twice, and decided each time against
the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That does not
preclude a motion to reconsider. Under a mis-
apprehension the Chair put the question a second
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then I de-
sire to move a reconsideration of that vote.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The Senator
can do that if he voted with the majority.
Mr. GRIMES. lie did not. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
always assumes that the member making the mo*
tion did vote with the majority. The question is
on the reconsideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ate is ready to legislate in that way, I desire to
lay the whole bill on the table. I would not vote
for any bill, unless it was a bill to save the coun-
try, thnt contained a provision of that kind.
TliePRESIDEiNTjm) tempore. The Chair will
put the question on the leconsideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied, from the re-
marks that have just been made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, thnt the best thing that can
be done is to lay the bill on the table: and I there-
fore make that motion.
Mr. W1LSON, of Massachusetts. I hope not.
I hope we shall have the motion to reconsider put,
and on that I ask for the yeas and nays to see
whether the Senate are ready to put that provision
on the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Does not my motion take pre-
cedence i
The PRESIDENT pro tnmpore. It does.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask for
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 28; as follows:
YKA>^—Mrst-rni. Arnold, Chandler, Olaik, Doohttle,
O'uin^-j tiailan, and Sheunan—7.
i\A\ -M( s>iv. Anthony , D:ivh, Pixon,
I'V. •-! iul"ii. Foot, Foster, Harn>, Henderson, flick-;, Ken
wily, lun<7. Latham, Morrill, NoMfiith, I'omeioy, Powell,
TtK'e, Rieh.ud:ion, t3auM>uiy, Sumner, Ten Evek, Trum-
bull, Turpi1, Willoj. Wilniot, ami WiNon of Mas^ehi?-
M ttri—Jts.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to reconsider the vote refusing to strike
out from the amendment the words moved by the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy.] There
is an intervening vote which must fust be recon-
sidered before reaching that; and that is on con-
curring in the amendment made in Committee of
the Whole, as amended.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRES1DLN P pro tempore. The question
now recurs on reconsidering the vote refusing to
strike out th<> words moved by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. On thatques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yens and navs were ordered.
Mr. WILSON,ot'M assachusetts. Theieseems
to o,'Muuie uiiMindeistaudiug about this matter.
Will r,ju Chat!- be good enough to state precisely
what tni' rjm-jsnon in -
TIk- PR{>SlOENTpro£m_/)orc. The Chap* will
a gun sfaie if In Committee of the Whole the
Senate were considering an amendment reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs. Among
other amendments to that amendment was one
moved by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Ken-
nedy,] which was adopted in Committee of the
Whole. When the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate, the question recurring on concurring in the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole, it
was carried in theaffirmativc,adopting the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole as amended
on the motion of the Senatorfrom Maryland. The
question was finally reached on areconsideration,
upon reconsidering the vote refusing in the Senate
to strike out of the amendment the words which
had been adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Maryland. The question now is on recon-
sidering the vote by which the Senate refused to
strike out those words pertaining to promotion in
the marine corps.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 22, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS— Mos>r«. Claik, DoolittlP, Fessenden, Foster,
Hauling, Hairi*. Henderson, Howe, King, Lane ot Kansas;,
Latham, Momll, Neomth, Pomeroy, Rice. Sherman. Sum-
ner. Ten Eyek, Wilkinson, Willev, Wilmot, and Wilson
of IVTa^'-aehu^ett-—%'2.
NAYS—Arnold, Car!i!e, Chandler, Cowan, Da-
vK Dixon, Foot, Iluilau, Hicks, Kennedy, Powell, Rich-
ardson, and ^autsbuiy—13.
So the motfon to reconsider was agieed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on concurring in the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole by striking out, on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, so
much of that amendment as was added to it on
the motion of the Senator from Maryland; in other
words, to strike out the following words, which
will be read again. The Chair requests the Atten-
tion of Senators to this proposition that its read-
ing may not be called for an unnecessary number
of times.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And be it further cnacfctl, That the President of the {Jni -
tod State-, be, and he 1-5 hereby, authoiizcd to confer upon
the M-mor oiheei of the marine < orp, the rank, pay, and
emoluments ot a bn^adiei sjeneiai in lieu of the otli"ehe
now holds a^ colonel commandant, and that the otfice of col-
onel commandant be and is heieby abolished.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
now before the Senate is on concurring m the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole.
That proposition is open to amendment. Propo-
sitions to concur with amendments aie in order.
The Senator from Massachusetts moves to amend
the amendment made in the Committee of the
Who!-, by striking out the words which have
just been read,and which were added on the mo-
tion of the Senator fiom Maryland.
The amendment was notagieed to; there being,
on a division—ayes ten; noes not counted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill he on the table.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope not.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were oulered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YttAS—t'arlile. Chandler.Ciask, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foster, Grimes., Hai lan, liowaid. Lane ot ivan*a-,
Mori ill, Pumeioy, Snmnei, Ten Ejck. Wilkinson. Wilmot,
and WiNon of Mas>achti-ett*—17.
NAAinoJd. C\>wnn, Di\on, Foot,
Ha d n<?, ll«nri-\ Tiendert-on, Iliok*. Kennedy, King, La-
tham, \e.Minth, Powell. Itiee, Kichaid^on. SauUhuiy. Tur-
pie, VYilie} , and WiHon of Mi^ouu—*20.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment made os in Committee of the Whole having
been concurred in, the question will be on order-
ing the hill to be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to reile< t upon any Senator in r> gard to any
votes given here; but this is the most extraordinary
voting that I think the records of the Senate will
ever present to this Country. Senators object to the
increase that is demanded and asked for with earn-
estness as a necessity; and yet they put upon this
bill a provision compiling the President of the
United States to make a certain officer a general
' officer. That seems to me to be very extraordi-
1 nary. 1 cannot vote for any hiU containing such
| an extraordinary provision as that. I see no way
; to reach that. If the lul! weie satisfactory in every
j other particular I could not yjtu for it with that
■ proposition in it. I therefore move to recommit
1 the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
J The motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President of the United States
had approved and signed, on the 25th instant, the
following bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 486) to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof;
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Elizabeth
M. Baxter, widow of the late Robert Baxter, sec-
ond lieutenant in the tenth regiment of Minnesota
volunteers;
A bill (S. No. 451) to prevent correspondence
with rebels;
A bill (S. No. 473) to amend an act entitled
44 An act to prevent members of Congress and
officers of the Government of the United States
from taking considerations for procuring con-
tracts, office, or place, from the United States,
and for other purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 535) for the relief of Emma L.
Fuller; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay Perry E. Rroc-
chus his salary as judge of the supreme court of
the United States for the Territory of New Mex-
ico.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 511)
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, with amendments; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 515) to authorize an increase in the number
of major generals and brigadier geneials for forces
m the service of the United States, with amend-
ments; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 24th inst., the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. *2G7) to divide the State of
Michigan into two judicial districts, and to j .10 vide
for holding the district and circuit courts therein;
A hill (H. R. No. 357) to providea temporary
government for the Territory of Arizona, and for
other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 7J22) to establish certain post
roads; and
A bill (II. R. No. 448) for the relief of Colonel
Joseph Paddock.
COOKING FOR TIIE ARMY*.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had directed the Clerk to return
to the Seriate the bill (S. No. 556) to promote the
health, comfort, and efficiency of the armies of the
United States, agreeably to its request.
On motionof Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
it was
Oi'hicd, That the Secretary cau^c the en >rm the cn-
eio-vment the hill (S. No 55G) to promote the health,
cointoit, and efficiency of the* armies ot the Tinted SraiCh,
thisj day returned to the Senate by the House ot Kepi cm-iu-
JUive.-i, to he corrected, and that lie loturn the Mid !uU to
the Hou^e for its concuricnce.
BANKRUPT LAW CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. FOSTER. I move thnt the Senate post-
pone all prior ordei s and resume the consideration
of Senate bill No. 354. It is the bill to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy I simply ask
the Senate to take a vote upon it, promising that
this is the last time I shall trespass on the Senate
to make the request.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the yeas and navs on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Arnold, Chandler. Duolutb. footer,
Grime-, Haiie-, tlendej^on, Howe. Lane nt Kap-^^La-
thuni. Mr-Oouirall, .Vesnmli, I'omeioy, Powell, R1eh.11 d*?on,
^auKbtiry. Sumner, Ten Kvek, Wilson 01 Ma^a'-husHls,
and Wd-on ot
N A VS—Me^-t 3, < \uiile. Ciaik, Cowan. Dix<ei. I<Vs-Jcm-
den. Fou. JlaidiUir. Uai l.ni. ILm .u.h Kennedy. Mor-
iill, Trumbull, Wiiknifon, Willey, u'id Wihuot—lo.
So the motion was agreed to.
