THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
tHE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D,:C> • "
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1863.
New Series No. £4 •,
they could not have the money, and had urged
th* Department to give them money, the reply of
the Department was that they were not able to
supply the money. The Department, however,
promised to pay over, $500,000 a clay; but seven-
teen days had elapsed, and the paymaster had
received in all only $350,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. What I want, to know of
my colleague is, whether the Paymaster General
told him he had made out the tri-monthly accounts?
Mr. GURLEY. No, sir.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. My colleague asks me if
the Secretary of the Treasury had violated the
clear and express provisions of the law as he un-
derstood it, and raised money to pay the soldiers,
anybody in the House would have found fault
with him? I think so; for we have in this House,
men who are disposed to find fault with anything
which tends to carry on this Government and
maintain its integrity; and I think the Secretary
was right in confining himself to the law of Con-
gress as he understood it. The Secretary is blamed
for the soldieisnot being paid. Although I do
not speak by the authority of the Secretary of the
Treasury, I stand hero to-day to acquit him of
that blame. And I do not know that Congress is
to blame; but I do know that Congress, last ses-
sion and this, thus far, has refused to carry out
the policy recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, which, upon mature consideration, he
considered essential to the carrying on of this
Government. And so long as we refuse to con-
cur with him, we ought not to censure him be-
cause everything does not go on as we think it
ought to.
Mr. GURLEY. With the gentleman's per-
mission I wish to ask him, if the market price of
an article is not that which it will bring when
placed in the market, what is the market price?
Mr. HUTCHINS. There may be no market
for the article at all; but the market price of an
article is what ordinarily it will bring in market
when disposed of in the ordinary way. And I
think if I had sold the wheat, in the case I before
put, which belonged to my colleague, at sixty
cents per bushel, when the real market value was
ninety cents, he would think I had put a wrong
construction upon that letter of his. I believe,
therefore, that the Secretary of the Treasury was
right in the construction which he put upon the
law, and I would willingly appeal to the lawyers
in this body,and everywhere else, to sustain that
construction. I think there is no doubt about it;
that it is clear as language can make it; and it
is made doubly clear by the action of Congress
above referred to.
I know the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Guri.ey]
says that he did not impeach the good intention
of the Secretary of the Treasury; but his speech
tended directly to bring him into discredit with
the soldiers and with the country. He says the
Secretary meant very well, but that he did not
construe the law correctly; for that was the sub-
stance of his remarks. He says the Secretary of
the Treasury was well meaning, but that he did
not know enough to construe the law of Congress,
assuming, in discussing the matter, thatthpie was
no doubt about the construction, and in the very
face of the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
in reference to the construction put upon it.
Mr. HOOPER. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, I wish to make a statement in reference to
the payment of the soldiers, and as to the condi-
tion of the funds in the Treasury Department for
that puipose. In the last week of the vacation
of the House the case of a soldier who had been
without pay since the 1st of January last was sent
to me, and I took a great deal of pains to ascer-
tain why that pay had been withheld. I went to
the War Department, and followed it up from
there by going to the Treasury Department, and
again to the Paymaster General's department. I
found tliat the accounts of the soldiers were made
up tri-monthly, and that provision was made at
the Treasury Department for the pay of all the
soldiers. Accounts had been sent in by the pay-
masters-to the 1st of September, leaving only the
24
months of September and October not provided
for at that time. The months of NoveYnber and
December not having expired, the rolls for those
months had not been sent in; but provision was
made up to the 1st of September for the whole of
the payments preceding; that is, the pay-rolls for
September and October. At the paymaster's
department these statements, which I had received
at the Treasury Department, were confirmed. I
saw the ehief clerk there, and saw also one of the
paymasters, who stated that he had twelve thou-
sand men to pay; that all his men had been paid
up to the 1st of September; and that he had re-
ceived from the Treasury $200,000 on account of
their payment for the next two months—that is,
for the months of September and October; that
he had been down to the army in Virginia, and
had paid out the whole of that $200,000.*
The chief clerk of the Paymaster General and
this paymaster to whom I have referred, told me
that many other paymasters in the Army might
be in the same position that he was in. He said,
however, that one reason for the delay was the
danger which paymasters incurred, and the re-
sponsibility they assumed in taking money to regi-
ments in the field; that he had taken almost two
hundred thousand dollars down into Virginia; and
with that money in his possession he was uneasy
until he had paid it all out. He suggested that in
Tennessee and Ken tucky there was danger of raids
from the rebels, and that paymasters wtueunwil-
lmg to take the responsibility of currying any such
large sums to the front to pay the soldiers. He
also mentioned that he had gone down to Harri-
son's Landing with a large sum of money, and
happened to be there at the time our troops were
fired upon from the opposite bank; that he was
under that fire, and was left in his tent alone with
that large amount of money. He also informed
me that a great many difficulties oceuned. The
case I was following up came within one of them
—thut of a man who had left his regiment and
gone into hospital. The regimental paymasters
are not nil experienced mon, and they lose sight
of some of their men. This man's name got off
of the list, and, getting the papers which showed
he was entitled to his pay, he carried them home
with him to Massachusetts. The papers which
authorized the payment to him have since been
returned and the payment made.
Mr.DlVEN. 1 wish to give a little experience
of my own, which diiTers from that of the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts. The regiment with
which I am connected came into the field on the
14thof August,under apromisethatif they would
leave their homes without waiting for the advance
of the month's pay, they should be paid within
three hours of their arriving here. We have been
here ever since, and have not received a cent of
pay. I have made application to the Paymaster
General, and have been told by him that the reason
why payment was not made was because the
Treasurer had not furnished the money. I called
upon the Treasurer, and made inquiry of him,
and he said that he had found that the money at
his command was not sufficient to meet the de-
mands of the Army; that he had for the use of
the Army so much per day, which he paid over;
and that it was not in his power to furnish more,
or to control the manner of the payment. I have
been unable, to this hour, to ohtaimfor that regi-
ment, either from the Treasurer, the Paymaster
General, or from anybody else, one dollar; and
the regiment are without their pay now.
Mr. HOOPER. I would suggest that the gen-
tleman 's statement is not inconsistent with mine.
Mr. HUTCHINS. These matters are not ger-
mane to the point I was discussing. I have no
doubt whatever but that the failure of the soldiers
to get their pay has been caused by the inability
of the Secretary of the Treasury to get the funds,
and not from any fault of thePaymaster General.
Mr. NOBLE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to make a single
statement. The eighth and tenth Ohio regiments
are here in camp, and have been, most of them, all
winter. They were promised, under the resolu-
tions that have lately been passed, to be paid some
days ago. I think on Monday or Tuesday of this
week the paymaster appeared at the Ohio camp
out here-, and paid some of the soldiers, to whom
four and six months pay was due, two months
pay, but fatted to pay tne remainder because there
was not money enough.
f am also informed that the second Ohio cavalry
have not been paid one cent for twelve months. T
know there are regiments from Ohio that have not
been paid for six months. I know of one man,
whose letter I have here, who says he was-paid
the last time on the 28th of February last; that
his wife has been sick at home for three months;
that his family have nothing to rely upon but what
he sends them, and what is given to them by their
neighbors. He has not been able to get one cent
jsmce February, in consequencc of the want of
money in the Treasury. And that man himself
has been in the hospital six months of that time,
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would like to know if I
understand the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] to say that the reason why the
regiments have not been paid is in consequence
of the neglect or fault of the paymasters of the
Army?
Mr. HOOPER. I said nothing upon my own
responsibility. 1 gave as the authority upon which
I made whatever statements I did, information
which I obtained from the Paymaster General's*
office.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I think it due to the pay-
masters of the Army that they should be relieved
from the stain, if stain it be, of this great and crim-
inal neglect in paying the men who arc in the ar-
mies of the country fighting its battles. I know,
and other gentlemen know, that the paymasters
have been persistent in getting their requisitions
approved by the Secretary of War, and have been
strenuous and persistent in having them entered
in the Treasury Department. And not only have
they made these individual exertions, but they
have brought to bear other influences, such as
they could command, to induce the Secretary of
the Treasury to provide for them the amounts
which were called for in order that they might
pay their regiments. I have good reason to know
that the fault is not with the paymasters, because
twice when the Secretary of the Treasury has
been called upon to state the reason why the re-
quisitions of the paymasters have not been filled
and the soldiers paid, it has never been averred
that it was in consequence of the paymasters neg-
lecting their duties.
The reason is to be found in the fact that the
money to meet the requisitions was not in the
Treasury. One of the paymasteis, one who paid
the brigade to which my regiment was attached,
tiled day after day to get money with which he
might pay the soldiers, and he was told that all
the money in the Treasury was required for other
matters which the Secretary of War considered
to be of more imperious necessity.
I know, too, that sick, diseased, and wounded
soldiers—men who have gone as cripples from
your Army with their discharges in thcirpockets—
have been unable to get from the paymaster the
amount due to them, and have to depend upon char-
ity foi means to get to their homes, or have had
to submit to the exactions of some Jews hanging
around the paymaster's office, who shaved their
bills.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I have said I have no doubt
the failure of the soldiers to get their pay was oc-
casioned by the want of funds in the Treasury,
In the annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made to this House, and which, by law, he
is compelled to make, he stated briefly the reasons
wiiy he had not been able to realize money suffi-
cient to meet the demands of the Treasury. This
House knew those reasons as early as the 1st
of December; and now more than a month has
elapsed without providing the Treasury with,the
means for paying the soldiers, it is true we have,
quite recently, passed a joint resolution author-
izing the issue of $100,000,000 of Treasury notes
for that purpose. But this Congress, with these
