1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26
number twenty, and the Committee on Military
Affairs, by its amendment, forty. The Army is
divided into about twenty-four corps, each of
which must necessarily be commanded by a major
general. In ail wc have about fifteen armies and
departments, each of which must be commanded
by a major general. That would at once require
thirty-nine major generals to be in service all the
time. Now, sve know that there are many of them
not inactive ser\ ice, because of wounds, sickness,
duty on courts-martial, or removal from one de-
partment to another, or under charge, and the like.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania how many ma-
jor generals there are now in active service, or
doing anything?
Mr. McPHERSON. I will explain that.
Mr. MiVLLORY. Will the gentleman tell the
House what reason there is agamst allowing brig-
adier generals to perform the duties of major gen-
erals, or giving ihem adequate brevet rank?
Mr. McPHERSON. We have no system of
brevets. The mere brevet rank confers no com-
mand. Even if this were so, it would be hardly
generous in this House to expect men with only
the rank and pay of brigadier generals to dis-
charge the duties of major generals. I will ex-
plain presently the absolute necessity which ex-
ists for an increase also in the number of brigadier
generals; but when I was interrupted, 1 was pro-
ceeding to explain that at all tunes there are many
major generals who are absent temporarily from
the field, because of wounds or other disability,
or because of transfer from one depai tment to an-
other, or on duty on courts-martial. I do not be-
lieve that we have moie than four or five major
generals who are not on court-martial duty or on
active field duty, or some other duty uecessaiy
for the efficiency of the Ai tny. We ail know that
there are some generals who are not, in the field
for special reasons, which 1 will uu! now go into.
A Member. What about Ca^sius M. Clay?
Mr. McPilERSON. lie id minister to Rus-
sia, and of course no longer occupies a position in
the Army.
Let me go on with my explanation. We have,
1 understand, about twelve hundred regiments in
the field, and putting five legiments in a brigade,
although the law provides only for four, we have
at once two hundred and forty brigades, requir-
ing two hundred and forty brigadier generals. If
you had every brigadier in commission actually j
in tlie field in command, you would .itill have
thirty brigades not commanded by brigadier gen-
erals. But, as I have said, you must allow twenty
percent, of the number in commission for those
who are sick, or disabled, or m command of im-
portant posts, such as Louisville or Cincinnati;
so that we have no! over one hundred and sixty
brigadiers capable of doing service, leaving eighty \\
brigades without a proper commanding officer. '!
The Military Committee propose to make one '
hnndted bngadiers, so as to have enough officers I
for emergencies, to command detached cxpedi- j
tions and posts taken from the en'imy and gain- j
soned, and place the Army in a state of efficiency. !
It is to have room for a little play in the actual |
working of the system, j
Mr. WADSWORTU. Did I understand the |
gentleman to speak of the necessity of a little more j
play or a little more pay? s
Mr. McPHERSON. Oh, no; the gentleman j
knows very well that I <im in fa\orof no measure j
of extravagance. Since I have been a member of j
the House I have resisted every measure looking ■
to,extravaganee, and I am not now going to turn j
my back upon my recoid. 1 have du ring the pivs- !
enfc session resisted—and I intend to resist theni I
to the end of the session—ceitain measures here '
in connection with the Army, because 1 did not j
believe they were required by the exigencies of1
the service, and because they would involve a large !
expenditure. But while I take that position, I am j
willing to vote for every officer and every man ?e- I
quired for the efficiency of the.'service, and I believe j
the increase of brigadier generals and major gen- ;
erals thus required.
Mr. WASBBURNE. I desire to ask th& gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether there are not
already a large number of colonels of regiments !
who have been appointed brigadiers, and their j
places as colonels filled, so that unless their ap- j
pointment as brigadiers is confirmed they wiiigo i
out of the service? I
Mr. McPHERSON. Yes, sir; there is some ;
such difficulty, I believe. J
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me ask if these appoint- !
ments have not been made in violation of existing i
law ? ;
Mr. McPHERSON. That is a matter of con- ;
struction. As the President construes the law as
it exists, he felt himself authorized to make these I
appointments. Some members of the Senate, I j
believe, took a different view, and in consequence ;
of the difficulty growing out of tiie matter, the :
entire list of appointments was sent hack to the 1
President. To make the matter entirely clear the
Senate passed this bill, which will require the
President to select a given number from the list
of pei sons lately nominated.
Mr. NOBLE. I wish to ask of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether it is not tiue that the
number of men in nearly all these brigades have
not been reduced tar below the maximum numbei ?
Mr. McPHERSON. By the conscription bill,
which it is anticipated will become a law, we pro-
vide for filling up these regiments, and if that be
done yoirr brigades will be filled to the maximum
standard.
Mr. NOBLE. I do not understand that it is
made imperative, by the conscription bill, to fill
up these regiments to the maximum number at
once. And if it is to be done, we had better wait
until it is done before wefiil up the officers' places.
Mr. McPHERSON. We have already the or-
ganization.
Mr. NOBLE. It is time enough to appoint the
officers when we gef the men.
Mr. McPHERSON. We will get the men very
soon. We have the skeleton organizations, al-
though reduced; and although three hundred men
may now compose a regiment, the regimental
organization exis^, pnd the difficulty cannot be
cured except by more general consolidation than
is proposed oi is piacUcablc. We h.i\e proposed
in the cheapest way possible to fill them up fo the
maximum number, or near it; and thin will be
the most economical way to officer those troops,
for if you throw the men into new regiments, re-
quiring new regimental and brigadeuiganizations,
you will increase the number of officers threefold.
Mr. NOBLE. Wdl the gen'Iemari say how
many brigadiers are now authorized by law?
Mr. McPHERSON. Two hundred; and we
have two hundred and forty biigades. We have
not biiiiidieis enough to command the brigades
ii; the lidd. And out of those two hundred you
must dedu< t twenty per cent, for disability, for
commanders of posts, and depots for troops, &c.
Makmtr proper allowance for all these, if yon in-
crease the number by one hunditd, you will not
have an excess ovt 'he number lequired by the.
service; and the military nmhorities think they
ought to be increased by one hundred and fifty.
But I think'we can get along with a hundred, and
I am satisfied with \ hat.
Mi. VAN WYCFv. i would inquire of the
gentleman how many troops are now in each
brigade r
Mr. McPHERSON. I cannot tell accurately
for they differ veiy much.
Mi:. VAN WYCIy. I understand there are two
hundred bngadiergenerala now in the service, and
1 do not appiehend that the public service ts to
sutler by allowing, until those regiments are filled
by conscription or otherwise, those skeleton brig-
ades to be under the comm.md of the senior col-
onels of the legnnents. My cxpcrieiic e in con-
nection with my regimen' thai the brigade to
which it belongs whs never better handled, never
more <fficienf, and the soldiery never better pro-
vided for than when it was under the command
of the senior colonel, a man from the State of
Pennsylvania. That man ought to be a brigadier.
While you have men going through the streets
with a treneial's star upon their shoulders who
aie not fit to be lieutenants, that man is still the
colonel of a regiment.
Mr. McPHERSON. Thcr. is one great prac-
tical difficulty growing out of putting brigades
under the command of colonels; and that is your
State officers commission the colonels, and on ac-
count of the irregularity attending the entire ser-
vice. it often happens that there are colonels of
the same date of appointment; Mid besides, your
most competent colonels aie often in a subouh-
nate position. This difficulty is inherent in the
nature of things, and the- only way to cure it is
by putting over all your colonels a brigadier, who
by virtue of rank is entitled to the command, and
in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred they will
be men who have been colonels in the Army, and
who by every consideration of right are entitled
to these positions.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 have only one
word to say. One of my chief sources of satis-
faction since I have had the honor of a seat upon
this floor has been voting persistently and always
against every measure unnecessarily creating a
new office, raising a salary, or devoting to any use
a penny of the public money which I thought
could be spared. If I believed this measure un-
necessary or avoidable, I should be against it.
1 have taken some pains to learn from those
acquainted with the necessities of the military ser-
vice the merits and demerits of this bill, and 1
entertain no doubt that these officers, as many as
the bill authorizes, arc absolutely necessary.
1 was surprised to hear my colleague from the
Orange district, [Mr. Van Wyck,] himself a mili-
tary man, suggest that the need was answered by
committing to the senior colonel, whoever he may
be, the command of all brigades lacking a com-
mander. We know that it happens not unfre-
quently that the senior colonel of a brigade is ex-
actly the colonel who of all others ought not to
command it. He may be more unfit to command
than any lieutenant colonel or even majoi in the
brigade. It is entirely Imp-hazard and accidental
who and what the senior colonel is, and the proba-
bilities are not in favor of the superior fitness of
all the older colonels in the service. There are
brigades here and there in important and respons-
ible positions, positions calling for activity and
careful handling, and yet my colleague proposes
that the Government shall he ned up to in trusting
command to the senior colonel, no matter how
inefficient, no matter how unfit for the service ho
may be. It seems to me this is coo hazardous a
reliance.
My colleague .«ays tnat a star glitters upon the
shoulder of many a man unfit to v.-ear it. Grant
it, do you help the case by defeating this bill ? If
you restrict future appointments, you leave un-
touched all the incompetent generals who have
been made, and you punish the country still fur-
ther by forbidding the appointment of capable
generals where they arc needed. Why, when we
have the light of experience before us, and a great
number of soldiers educated by the present war
to select from, wiiy should we refuse to avail our-
selves of their services because heretofore some
unwise appointnienis have been made'
If the time has come that this House cannot
trust the Administration with the appointment of
officers. I think we had better go into liquidation.
If we cannot trust the Government with thafc, I
would hire to know what we can trust it with.
We are to assume, in oider to make a good
objection to this bill, that the Government will
exercise the power given, reckk saly and unneces-
sarily. We know for a certainty that we have
brigades exceeding by a certain number the num-
ber of brigadier generals, good, bad, and indiffer-
ent. My friesid near me says most of ihem are
good. I do not deny that, but I admit that some
of them are bad, and then so much more is the
need of the additional power conferred by this
bill.
I think that even the limit proposed by the bill
isunwise in its chai at.ter, but she ewriuiiueedoubt-
less had good reason for reporting it. I believe
the Government should be permuted not (inly to
appoint brigadier and major generals, but that the
power of appointment should be only so limited
as not to exceed the whole number of divisions
and brigades actually organized.
When an instance occurs lilte that referred to
by my colleague, where the senior colonel of a
bugadecan propei Iv command it, it is not to be
assumed that the Administration will wantonly
and improperly appoint a bnsradiei general. If
we aie to put any faith in the Government at all,
we must go this far at least.
Mr. VAN WYCIC. I dosiie to ;>dU m expla-
nation, 1 do not propoM- as a permanent system
that the senior colonel should al ways command
the brigade, but would pjefV-r that power should
he delegated to the enmmandin^ general to select
from tiie colonels m the brigade the one most
competent, in ins judgment, to command.
Mr. HOLMAN". I wish to ask the gentleman
