370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
facts staring it in the face in the early part of De-
cember, refused to grant the relief the Secretary
asked, in order that these soldiers might be paid.
At least, Congress did not respond to his call.
We approached the holidays, and this House ad-
journed over nearly two weeks, with these facts
as patent as they are-to-day. Congress knew that
the Secretary had not funds with which to pay the
soldiers, and still a majority upon this floor voted
to adjourn over two weeks during the holidays,
and leave these soldiers thus much longer without
their pay.
This attack upon the Secretary and this attempt
to shift the responsibility of this matter upon his
shoulders, will not, I think, succeed in the coun-
try. I believe the Secretary of the Treasury gave
a just and a proper construction to the law of last
Congress, and I would not give much for the opin-
ion ofany lawyer who says to the contrary. This
matter has been looked into with some care, not
only by the Secretary of the Treasury, but by
other persons, and I say that this attack which is
made upon the Secretary of the Treasury, and
this prejudice which is being manufactured by the
allegation that sick and wounded soldiers are sent
homo without pay, is injust and unwarranted.
Mr. VAN WYCIC. I do not understand the
last sentence uttered by the gentleman from Ohio.
1 have not understood that anything has been said,
unless it was said while I was absent from the
Hall, reflecting upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury at all.
Mr. HUTCILINS. I disclaim any reference
to the gentleman.
Mr. VAN WYCK. When the gentleman
spoke of the want of money, and of the blame
being shifted from one Department to the other, I
felt it. my duty—and that was ail I proposed to do
—to exonerate the men upon whose shoulders
this burden was sought to be placed—the paymas-
ters of the Army.
I know of my own personal knowledge that it
was only the other day that a disabled soldier on
crutches, in the city of .New York, was able to
get the money due him, mid that a Jew sought to
share his bill ten or fifteen cents on the dollar.
That took place only a few days ago, and I know
the fact.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I have yielded the floor as
a matter of courtesy for these interruptions; but
i am opposed to the discussion of matters that are
not germane to the proposition 1 was discussing.
The Secretary of the Treasury, after stating his
construction of the law, says:
" Jlrtti the Secretary thought otherwise, and construed
the arts a* authorizing sale-. m the br*t pnee that could he
obtained, tlio convection clause would still have operated
aqa vlrtu.il prohibitum of *ales,except below par; and such
sales would not ineioly have nnehted convulsions, and «-o
nullified a provision obviously regarded ot'gieni import-
ance by Conges--, but would have involved negotiations at
rates too tfteadvant'Kjeoiw and too increasingly disadvan-
tageous to bosubmuu'd to, except undurclearauthoiity and
upon clear ncces^ty."
Now, I say that the Secretary stands before the
country exonerated from any fault in this matter,
i do not think this ilouse has committed any in-
tentional fault, but if there is any fault it is in the
House notdoing its part m providing these means
earlier in the session, for the Secretary's construc-
tion of this law was before the House when he
filed his annual report.
Mr. RIDDLE obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Pike having
taken the chair as Speaker;)?'o/em;>ore, Mr. Camp-
bell reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had ^the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly Ilouse bill No. 639, to provide ways
and means for the suppoitof the Government,
aud had come to no conclusion thereon.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. FENT0N. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
ISir. DAWES. And the soldiers crying out
for their pay !
The motion was agreed t_ .
DISCHARGE OF A CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged question. On a previous day of the ses-
sion the House ordered Mr. Simon Stevens to be
brought before the bar of the House to answer an
alleged contempt of its authority in refusing to
answer certain interrogations proposed to him by
the Special Committee on Government Contracts.
Mr. Stevens having been brought to the Capitol
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, has to-day appeared
before the committee, and, after consultation with
gentlemen who would be referred to by his testi-
mony, determined to answer the interrogations,
and has done so fully to the satisfaction of the com-
mittee. I therefore move that he be discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms on the
payment of the costs which have accrued to the
Se rgean t -at-A rm s,
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT. #
Mr. HOOPER. I ask an order of the House
for the printing of the substitute which I offered
to-day for the bill under consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
It was so ordered.
POWERS Off A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the spe-
cial committee to ask the adoption of the following
resolution hy the Hous#;
Resolved, Thatthc speciai committee rtrretofore appoint-
ed by tins House to inquire " whether any officei or em-
ploye m any department of the Government is a partner or
interested directly or indirectly in any banUinsr housn," &c.,
be, aud they ate hereby, empowered to examine witness
under oath, and take their testimony, and lot that puipose
may i^ue pioee-^es for the attendance of v\ itnu^es before
them, and nold their se^Mon.-. at any place they ni.iy deem
neee-^uy within the United States.
Several Members objected to the resolution.
Mr. TjIJNGHAM. 1 desire to say to the House
that if there be any objection to the last clause of
the resolution, it may be struck out. Jt occurred
to the committee, although it is ceitainly foieign
lo their purpose to hold any session elsewhere
than hero, that it might possibly be necessary for
them to do so in order to save expense.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Stiike that out.
" Mr. MNGDIAM. Well, I will modify the
resolution in that way. I wish to add that the
House never should have appointed the commit-
tee unless they intended to have a ftftl investiga-
tion.
The resolution, ns modified, was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER AGAIN.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I move to reconsider the vote
hy which the Ilouse agreed to adjourn over until
Monday.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. On that motion 1 demand the
yens and nays.
The ye,is and nays were ordered.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 move that the House do nowadjotmi.
Mr. OLIN. Th at is not in order.
Mr. WASHBUllNE. Yes, it is.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas aud nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; arid Messrs. Olin and
Ai.i.f.y were appointed.
The Ilouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 20, noes 70.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the aliirmative—yeas 67, nays 29; as follows:
YE A.S— Vle^r8*. Anemia, AmiIcv, Baiiv, Baxter, Uulun-
ton C'alveit, Campiv il, (.'lenient-*, Cobb. FiPderick A.
Conkbmr, Coining Tinier. Dan*, Delano. Edward*. Eng-
lish, Fenton, Coorh, (huley, IhuJit. Hale. Hall, Ilohnan,
Hooper, liurton, Julian, tCctley. William Keilos.r:r, Kerri-
gan, Knapp. Law, Lnzear, Loomi^, MePherson, MaUuiy,
Mavnanl, Menzie-, Mooihend, Jintin S. Murnll, Noble,
XuL'en, Odc-ll. Pendleton, Timothy (r Phelps, Pottet, Alex-
nndet II Jonn H. Rice, Robinson, Sargent,' Srds -
wifk, Shpffield, Smith, Spnulihiur. Wiiluin il. Stocks,
Benjamin F. Tnomd-, Francis Thomas. Vallandi^ham,
Van Horn, \erree, Wad&woith, Wdshhtmie, Webster,
U'nriley, Albert S. White, (JlulUni A. Wint-. Wiukhfle,
and W'lHon—G7.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Arnold, Binshnm, Samuel S.
Blah. fMake. Chainbetlafn, Roscoe ConkUmr, Duves. tlllot,
Sunue] C Fes-endon, Tbonn« A.'D. Fo^onilen. T'lank,
Nasi i-on, II inch ins, Lovejoy, Olin, Pike, Pomerov! Riddle,
Edwaid It. Rollins, Serrai, Shanks, Sheiman, Trimble,
j Trownridjro, Van Wvek, Walker, Wallace, ai„l Wju-
(jom—
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.,j the Ilouse
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 19, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Frrday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, recom-
mending an appropriation for necessary expendi-
tures in Dakota Territory, as per accompanying
estimates; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
• The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 6th instant, information in rela-
tion to the derangement of the mails between New
York and Washington city.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe that communication
is in answer to a resolution I offered a few days
since. I move that it be laid on the table and
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That ouder will be
made if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES, it seems to me it ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post lloads.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred, and printed if there is no objection. The
Chair heais none.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. HOWARD presented the credentials of
Hon. Zaciiaiuaii Chandler, elected a Senator
hy the Legislature of the State of Michigan, for
the term of six years, commencing on the 4th day
of March, A. D. 16G3; which were read, and placed
on the lil'-s of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented three petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying that the regular and
volunteer Army may be supplied with a relia-
ble and permanent camp hospital and ambulance
eorps; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of C. V.
Morns, master United States Navy, praying to
be placed on the active list; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Ms. RICE presented the memorial of B. A.
Froisetb, praying for the establishment of a sys-
tem for the direction and protection of foreign
emigrants to and within the United States, and an
appropriation m aid of the same; which was re-
feired to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of the
Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police of the
Distuct of Columbia, praying that provision may
be made by which hospital accommodations may
be furnished to all destitute small pox patients
within the District, duung the continuance of our
national troubles; which wasjeferred to thcCom-
,j^ttee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. ARNOLD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Rhode Island, instructing the Sen
ators in Congress from that State to aid the me
monal of N. C. Crary, piaying payment of all
the claims of the regiment under the command of
the late Colonel Crary, in the Rhode Island bri-
, gade m the revolutionary war, as stated and set
I forth in said memorial; which were referred to
j the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
I ordered to be printed.
' COMMITTEE OX XAVAL AFFAIRS.
| Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Committee
I on Naval Affairs to a*k that a member may be
. appointed on that committee m the place of Hon.
. Mr. Field, who has been confirmed as a judge
; and retiied from the Semite. I make that motion,
j The motion wa.-s agreed to.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
' shall disappointment be made?
1 Mr. l-IALE. By the Chair.
i The motion was agreed to.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom the subject was referred, reported a hill
(S. No. 470) to provide for the greater comfort of •
