1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sick and wounded soldiers, and to promote the
efficiency of the medical department of the Army;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
Bent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
471) relating to public schools in the county of
Washington and District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 472) for
the relief of the heirs of Asbury Dickrns; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL asked, anc} by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (&. No.
473) to amend an act entitled " An act to prevent
members of Congress and officers of the Govern-
ment of the United States from taking considera-
tions for procuring contracts, office, or place from
the United States,"and for other purposes;" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
MAIL ROUTE IN IOWA.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoh-ed, Tliat the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he in«ti'iKtei! to inquire into the expediency
and necessity of establishing a mail lonte fioin Sioux City,
Iowa, to Yancton Agency, Fort Randal, Fort Pierre, Fort
Bcrthol, Fort Union, mouth of Mill; river, Foit Benton, Sun
Rivei Farms, Deer Lodge, to bitter Root Valley, and have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
CUTTINO OF TIMBER BY CONTRACTORS.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- ;
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire whether quartermasters and contractors
are, or have been, engaged m cutting timber i om the lands
of private citizens around the national capital, and dis-
posing of the same or catwng it to be done j tfnd if so, by
viitue of what law 01 authority.
FRENCH INTERFERENCE IN MEXICO.
, Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following con-
current resolutions:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the present attempt by the Government
of l'Vtuce to subject the Republic ot Mexico to her author-
ity by armed force is a violation of the established and
known rules of international law, and that it is, moioover,
a violation of the faith of France, pledged bv the treaty
made at .London on the 31^1 day ol Octobet. IbGl, between
the allied Governments of Spam, France, and England,
communicated to this Government ovei the Mjjnatiue& of
the representatives of the allies by letter of the 30th day of
November. 1861, and particularly and repeatedly assured
to this Government thiougli its ministers resident at the
Court ot Fiance. , ,
Rcsoh ed further, That the attempt to subject the Repub-
lic of Mexico to French authority is an act not merely un-
friendly to this Republic, but to free institutions every-
where, and that it is regarded by this Republic as not only
unfi iendlv, but as hostile.
Resolved further, That it is the duty of this Republic to
require of the Government of France that her armed torces
be'withdrawn fiom the territories of Mexico.
Resolved fw thrr, That it is the duty and proper office of
this Republic now, and at all times, to lend such aid to the
Republic of Mexico us nor may be required to pi event the
fon-mie interposition of any of the States of Europe in the
political affans of that Republic. K,. ,n
Resolved further, Th.it thePiesulent of the United State*-
be requited to cause to be communicated to the Govern-
ment of Mexico the views now expressed b\ the two Houses
of Congress?, and be furthei icquested to cause to be- nego-
tiated such treaty ortieatie^ between the two Republics as
will be-Jt tend to make tnese views elieetive.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let that lie
over. . ~
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia propose to discuss those resolutions?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir; but I wish to ,,
make a suggestion, i desire them to lie on the h
table and be printed, and give notice that, with |
the permission of the Senate, F shall call them up i
on Thursday next for the consideration of the j
Senate. , . . , ;
The resolutions were If.iu on the table, ana
ordered to be printed.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr TRUMBULL. If the morning business
is disposed of, I move tlmt the Semite pi oceed to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
the reorganization of the Court of Claims. It is
' n bill which we occupied a day upon last week,
and upon which we very nearly came to a vote
at that time, as I think.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. I ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered-
Mr.TRUMBULL. I willsimplysayoneword
in regard to this bill, as we are to vote by yeas
and nays on taking Jt up. We certainly shall
never be in a better condition to dispose of it than
now. In fact it would have been oetter to have
continued the bill, I apprehend, the day after we
were considering it last week, instead of going to
other business. My experience in the Senate has
been that when we take up a bill and consider it
for a day and adopt various amendments, as was
done in this ease, and then let it lie tor a week or
two, we have the whole work to go over again.
This bill was under consideration the whole of
one day; a number of amendments were adopted
to it; it was very considerably discussed; and the
Senate is in a better condition to consider it now
than it will be a week hence, or when some other
business intervenes. It is economy of time, in
my judgment, when we commence.a bill in this
way to finish it before we go to other business.
I think that ought to have been done with this bill;
but the longer we delay taking it up, the longer
time it wdl occupy. I hope the Senate will take
it up, and finish it.
Mr. HALE. I hope not, sir. I hope the Sen-
ate will not take it up' I do not know how other
gentlemen look upon the affairs ot the country at
the present time; but to my mind, this is no tune
to be discussing bills of this sort; and it never
shall be my reproach that when there weie but
about thirty days of the session left, those days
were frittered away in considering bills of this
° Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to the Senator
from New Hampshire, 1 will remark, that he made
that same speech the other day* and moved to in-
definitely postpone the bill, but only half a dozen
Senators voted with him. If he chooses to make
factious opposition, that is one thing. It the Sen-
ate is not disposed to do anything with the bill,
I am willing that it shall be voted down; but to
oppose taking it up, with a view of delay, only
wastes the very time which the Senator from ISew
Hampshire wishes to economize. Let us take it
up; and if the majority is opposed to it vote it
down, and get rid of it m that way.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from New Hampshire, if we do not take
up this business what are we to do ? What does
the gentleman want done? Is there anything else
ready to be considered that is of more importance r
If not, we had better proceed with this.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
got a good deal of important business.
Mr. COLLAMER. If any Senator has any
matter of business which is of more national im-
portance than this, we will not take this up; but
as at present advised, unless I am informed or
something else thatshould be attended to, I think
we had better take up this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YftAS Mes«ti-. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Clark,
ColUuner, Cowan, Dixon, Font, Filter, iiaidilia;,
Ham-,, Ik-micron. Ikxva.d. Km?, L.me of Kan-as, Mc-
Doieiall. Motrin, Powell, Kiee. Sumner,_Ten kyck, Tiiitn-
bull, Wade, and Wii-on ot Mtv-outi Qo.
NAVS—Carllie, I'essenden,Games,Hale, liar-
Ian, Kennedy, Lane ot Indiana, Sherman, Wilkinson, Wil-
son of Massachusetts, and Wright—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the loll (H. II. No. 226) to amend
"An act to establish a com t for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February 24. 1So5.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend the fifth sec-
! tion of the bill, by striking out all after the word
! r^ar in the third line, down to and including the
' word " same," in the sixth line. The words to
; be stricken out are:
| And the rooms, in the Capitol Heretofore set apart for it,
f and its officers, !>V the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, are hereby appropriated foi the hame.
It relates to the place of holding the court !
am infoi med that the rooms now occupied by this
court are likely to he wanted for some other pur-
pose, and that other and more convenient rooms
may be obtained. I prefer that the matter should
be left open, so that the court may be held in any
room of the Capitol that may, hereafter be desig-
nated for it. That is the former lav.', and I tbmk
it is better that it should be so in tiiija.. , ,:4
Mr. TRUMBULL. These roomstiave
been selected under the formed law, and-I.«($!/
posed were satisfactory. I made some inquiry in
regard to the selection of rooms, and understood;
that ihese rooms were designated under a former -
act of Congress. If the Senator from New York
has any information leading him to suppose that
other rooms are desirable 
Mr. HARRIS. I make this motion at the in-,
stance of one of the judges, who says they ,con-*
template changing their rooms, and' that these-,
rooms are desired for some other purpose* and
that when the enlargement of the Capitol is com-
pleted, there will be other rooms designated. I.
think it had better be left to the superintendent of-
the Capitol, as it was before. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand that
the superintendent of the Capitol would have any
authority to designate any other rooms.
Mr. HARRIS. How were these designated?
Mr. TRUMBUL^. These were designated
under the act of Congress, according to ray recol-
lection, authorizing the Speaker of the House of
Representatives to set apart these rooms,and these
rooms were set apart in accordance with the act.
My impression is that the authority is exhausted.
It will take but a moment, perhaps, to look up
the law on the subject. I have no objection to
the amendment, if the Senator has looked into the
matter and thinks it desirable to strike it out. The
striking out will do no harm at any rate, because
if the rooms are designated and fixed, it needs no
other law to do it. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment,
proposed by the Senator from New York.
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to move a merely-
verbal amendment, in the sixteenth line of the
fifth section, by inserting the word " who" be-
tween the words "and" and "shall. That
clause of the section now reads:
The said court may appoint a bailiff, who shall iiold hi*
office during four years, unless sooner removed by said
coui t for cause, and shall receive a salary, &c.
I propose to insert the word " who;" so that it
shall read, "and who shall receive a salaryso
as to make it applicable to the bailiff to receive
the salary, instead of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection to
'''The PRESIDING OFFICER. That woM will
be inserted, no objection being made.
Mr. BROWNING. In the seventeenth line of
the same section, I move to amenu by inserting^
after the word" judges," the words "and clerk.
The provision is,the judges of said court may
administer oaths and affirmations," &c. The
amendment proposes to extend the authority to
administer the oaths and affirmations to the clerk
as well as the judges.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the seventh section. I can explain the
amendment better by reading the section myself:'
That the solicitor, assistant solicitor, and deputy solicitor
ot' said couit shall hcteafter be Appointed by tile President,
l,v and with the advice and consent of the Senate ; and n
shall lw their duty faithfully and diligently to defend the
United Ptates in all matters and cases before «aid Courtol
Claims, and in all cases taken by appeal tliereirom to the
Supreme Couit.
And then follows this provision, which I p.o-
pose to strike out: *
To icport tlie decisions of the Couit of Claims; and to
attend, on the part of the Umtod Suites, to all other suits
aw! cas'Jh in the Supreme Couit to which they may be re-
quested, from time to time, to attend by the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United Slates.
I I can see no possible object in reporting these
: decisions. I suppose the provision is intended t<>
have them repotted as are the decisions of the Su-
preme Court. It is a matter that would not pay
as a private enterprise, for no one would purchase
them, nod it would be attended with a great deal
of cost to the Government to have all the decisions
of the Court of Claims reported as the decisions
of the Sunreme Court are. The remaining part of
that provision which I propose to strike out is that
which requires the solicitor from time to time to at-
tend to other suits and cases in the Supreme Court
which he may he directed to attend to by Ui£ 
