1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
■which was read a first and second time, and re- |
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
MESSAGE FE03I THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United*States, by Mr. Nxcolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills and a joint resolution of
tho following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Thomas
Young and George Young, owners of the schooner
Elizabeth Mary;
An act (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Han-
nibal Graham;
An act (H. R. No. 635) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government, for the year ending 30th June,
1864, and for the year 1863, and for other pur-
pOvScs;
An act (H. R. No. 699) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Herman Tuerck; and
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 140) authorizing
the Navy Department to allow to Paymaster Gil-
bert E. Thornton $4,500, in settlement of his ac-
counts for money stolen from him without fault
or negligence on his part.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill of the House (No. 770) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and pay interest on the pub-
tic debt," approved July 1,1862, and for other pur-
poses; the clause of the bill under consideration
being the following:
Retail dealers shall pay ten dollars for etu-h license. Every
person whose bu'-incf.s oi occupation it to sell oi offer
for «ale any good-:, w:ue-<, or meielmndise of foreign or do-
mestic pioduetion, (not excluding di ugs, medicines, cigars
ssisull, oi jobaeco,) and \viio>e animal *ales do not exceed
$•>.>,000, <hall bo regauled a* a retail dealer under tins act.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont, I movctoamend
in line one hundred and forty-nine, by inserting
after the words "domestic production," the words
"not including wines, spirituous or malt liquors."
I will merely say, in explanation of the amend-
ment, that it is in conformity with the present law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORIi ILL, of Vermont. I move further
to amend the same paragraph by inserting in line
one hundred and fifty, after the word "sales,'' the
words "exceeding $1,000 and;" so as to make
the clause read, "and whose annual sales exceed
$1,000 and do not exceed ^£5,000."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NIXON. I move to strike outat the com-
mencement of this paragraph the woids, "retail
dealeis .shall pay ten dollais foi each license," and
to insert instead thereof as follows:
Retail dealer- whose annual sales do not StlO.OOO
shall pay live dollar- lot each licence; exceeding $10,000,
and not exceeding $25,000, twenty-live dollars tor each
liCCI)!M\
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. It will be seen,
befoie we get through with the bill, that it is pro-
posed upon the pait of the Committee of Ways
and Means to increase the license tax imposed
upon merchants. The proposition of the gentle-
man from New Jersey would reduce the license
upon retail dealeis. if the gentleman had made
the license ten dollars where the amount of sales
do not exceed $10,000,and fifty dollars where the
sales exceed $10,000 and do not exceed $25,000,
J should be disposed to go for the amendment. I
move to amend theamendmentasl haveindieated,
Mr. b\ A. COCKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. JNixos'.j The law, as it now stands, section
sixty-four, fixes the license for retail dealers at
Ten dollais each. I have not heard any sufficient
reason assigned for changing the present rate. 1
avail myself of the opportunity to add that I shall
vote in all instances against any change of the
existing law unless there shall be an imperative
necessity for it. The people have become ac-
ewMomed to the law as it stands, and have gener-
ally complied with its requirements. To my mind
that constitutes a sufficient reason for not chang-
ing it, unless a valid reason can be shown for
doing so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. Nixon's amendment was rejected; there
being, on a division, only twenty-one votes in the
affirmative.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wholesale dealers whose annual sales do not exceed
$50,000, shall pay ,$25 for each license; if exceeding
$50,000, and not exceeding .$100,000, shall pay $50 for each
license ; exceeding .$100,000, and not exceeding .$250,000,
shall pay $100 for each license ; exceeding $*230,000, and
not exceeding ©500,000, shall pay $200 for each license:
exceeding $.100,000, and not exceeding $1,000,000, shall
pay $300 for each license ; exceeding $1,000.000, and not
exceeding $2,000,000, shall pay $500 for each license;
exceeding $2,000,000, shall pay $250 for every $1,000,000 in
excess of $2,000,000. Every person shall be regarded as a
wholesale dealer under this act whose business or occu
pation it is to sell or offei to sell any goods, waies. or mer-
chandise of foreign or domestic production, (not exclud
ing drugs, medicines, cigars, snuff, oi tobacco,) or any pei-
son whose annual sales exceed $25,000; jmd the licence
requiied by any wholesale dealer shall not be for a less
amount than Ins sales lor the pievious year, unless he has
made or proposes to make some change in Ins business that
will obviously reduce the amount of his annual sales: Pro-
vided, That any license understated may again be assessed.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to insert, after the
word "production," the words "not including
distilled spirits, fermented liquors, or wine, but."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
Section forty-three, line one hundred and fifty-three,
strike out all after the word exceed," down to and in-
cluding the word " license,'' one hundred and fifty-filth
line, and insert as follows:
Twenty-five thousand dollar5', shall pay twelve dollars
for each licence; if exceeding $*25,000. and not exceeding
$50,000, shall pay twenty-five dollars tor each license.
Mr. Chairman, the ground on which I move
this amendment is this. I hold in my hand a let-
ter from one of my constituents, an extract from
which I will read:
u Wholesale dealers have to pay fifty dollars for a license,
if be does business to tiie amountol millions, he pays fifty
dollar? for a licence. Jf he. does business to the amount of
$2,0U0 or $1,200, he pays fifty dollars for a license. Now,
take one of our small hmc-bumeis. He burns two thou-
sand casks a year; he sells lime by the cargo; he has to
burn some five hundred barrels at one time to do the busi-
ness m a profitable manner. These five hundied casks
make a cargo tor a small coasting vessel. Suppose he burns
four kiins in a year; thi- would be two thousand casks or
four cargoes. The Commissioner has decided that a man
who sells granite by the caigo should take a wholesale deal-
er's Ucen-e. 1 think the same-rule should be applied to
those who sell hme by the cargo All the manufacturer
could expect to get for manutaetuung two thousand casks
would be $120. It can be manufactuied for six cents per
ca&k aftet the taw material i> im ni>bed. Ho he has to pay
fifty dollars for doing a business that yield" $120. This i«
an unreasonable tax. Whole-ale dealer should be divided
into clashes, and the tax for license should be in some pro-
poition to the amount of business winch they do. This
would be in accotdance with principles of equity and jus-
tice."
Now, Mr. Chairman, if such are the facts, as
set forth in this extract, there should obviously
be some amendment to remedy this wrong. I
am not certain but what tho lemedy is already in
the bill. If so I am not awaie of it. But the
Committee of Ways and Means can tell us to a
cetiaintyhow this is; and I will withdraw my
amendment if it shall appear by any statement of
the committee that there is no occasion for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, The gentleman
from Maine is mistaken in reference to the exist-
ing law. If manufacturers, they are not required
to take out a license to sell as wholesale and as
retail dealers, [f their sales do not exceed the
sum of $25,000 they only pay a retail license.
Therefore the amend men t ought not to be adopted.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN, by unanimous con-
sent, withdiew ins amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to sti ike out after the word
"license," m line one hundred and fifty-five, to
the end of line one hundred and sixty-seven, and
insert "and for each additional ^50,000 of annual
sales shall pay a further sum of twenty-five dol- |
lars for said license;" so that it will read: j
Wholesale dealers, whose annual .sale* do not exceed •
$50,000, ^hall pay tw en ty-five dollais for r aeh hcen-c ; and
tor each additional $50.00H of annual sales c-liall pay a fur-
ther sum of twenty-five dollars tor said license, &c.
Mr, Chairman, it seem-d to me, in reading this
' paragraph of the bill, that it was a departure from I
i the precedent established and observed in this j
, whole bill. In other case^ we have taxed m pro- i
portion to the business transacted; but in this
case you will find that we decrease the tax as the
business increases. In other words, we discrim-
inate against the small producer and in favor of
the large producer. Up to $25,000 the principle
heretofore adopted is adhered to; but from that
point we depart from it altogether. The tax de-
creases in proportion to the excess over §25,000.
The bill reads:
Exceeding $250,000 and not exceeding $500,000 shall pay
$200 for each license; exceeding $500,000 and not exceed-
ing $1,000,000, shall pay $300 for each license ; exceeding
$1,000,000 and not exceeding $2,000,000, shall pay $500 for
each licence; exceeding $2,000,000, shall pay $250 for every
$1,000,000 in excess of $2,000,000.
My amendment proposes that the excess over
$50,000 shall pay in the same proportion as upon
the first $50,000. This will tax $1,000,000 $500
instead of $250, as is proposed by the paragraph
as it now stands. It applies to those who do a
large business the same principle of taxation that
is applied to those who do a small business; and
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
it is complained that in taxing according to the
regular sales you have increased the price of the
articles sold. They are not affected by increasing
the price of the articles sold; but it may be com-
plained that there is an inequality between the
license now levied upon parties who sell a small
amount and those who sell by wholesale. In the
income tax this is properly adjusted according to
the profits. There is an obvious inequality in the
licenses proposed by the law of last July.
In reference to the portion proposed to he amend-
ed, it goes up step by step m large amounts. It
is impossible that a trader should know before-
hand what his gains shall be. He can estimate it
only by last year's sales. I trust the amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. Davis's amendment was rejected.
Mr. CALVERT. There is some ambiguity in
the paragiaph, and I move to add the words 44 in
addition to $500," in order to make the meaning
perfectly clear. It only carries out what I sup-
pose was the intention of the framer of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no ob-
jection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wholesale dealers m liquors shall pay for each license
the amount required in this act tor license to wholesale
dealers.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to add to that paragraph
the following:
Every person, other than the distiller or brewer, who
shall sell or offer for sale any distilled spirits, fermented
liquois, and wines of all kinds m quantities ot more than
three gallon* at one time, ot who.se annual sales shall ex-
ceed $25,000, shall take out a license as a wholesale dealer
in liquors.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, called for tellers.
Telle*s were ordered; and Mr. Sherman, and
Mr. Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting after
line one hundred and eighty-three, the following:
That the tax on spirituous hquois of twenty cents on
each and every gallon provided fot m the fortj -fust section Of
the ongmal bill be, and the same is herebj, jeduced to ten
cents on each and every gallon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "ten" and inserting "fif-
teen."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose the
gentleman from Ohio did not olfer his amendment
with any expectation of having it adopted, if he
did he would not have offered it to this section,
which relates entirely to licenses. It is out of
place here.
Mr. COX. I inquired of the Chairman whether
it would be in order before I offered it, and I un-
derstood thatitcould come in as a separate clause.
It being whisky, the Chairman thought it might
come in. •
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Air. HOLMAN. I believe the amendment is
open to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana can oppose the motion.
Mr. COX. I yield my time to the gentleman.
