1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have but a word to say.
There are some provisions in this bill (ending to
reduce considerably the duties imposed upon fab-
rics manufactured in some sections of the Union.
This article of whisky, as my friend from Ohio
has very naturally considered, is one of very gen-
eral interest to western people as producers, but,
of course, of no interest whatever to them as con-
sumers. If there is to be any material reduction
of duties upon fabrics which are manufactured
among the enterprising people of New England
and the great central States, in changing the prin-
ciple of double taxation or otherwise, we ought
to expect a corresponding diminution of duties
upon the corn-growing interests of the West, in
which the manufacture of spirituous liquor has a
most intimate and direct connection. I think my
friend from Ohio should put the figure at fifteen
cents, which would bring the tax very nearly to
an equitable point compared with other manufac-
tures, and which, if even too high, as it may be
in justice to the West, is still as much as we may
hope to accomplish, judging from the past history
of the revenue policy of the Government.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting "five" in the place of
"ten." If the object be to encourage congressional
temperance legislation, or abstinence from drink-
ing spirituous liquors, I am opposed to it. If the
object be revenue, I think I know enough of that,
as 1 represent a district in which more whisky is
manufactured than any other in the United States,
and less drank. I am very sure the revenue will be
very materially enhanced by reducing this tax to
five cents per gallon, and equity at the same time
will be observed. Previous to the passage of the
tax law last summer the pi ice of this article was
but thirteen cents per gallon, and the idea of tax-
ing it twenty cents was regarded as outrageous.
The consequence was that nearly every distillery
was shut up. One single firm 111 my county shut
up their establishment, which, had they continued
to manufacture the quantity they did the previous
year, would have paid taxes to the amount of
$151,000. There was anotherllim m the county of
Putnam whose taxes upon the amount manufac-
tuied the pievious year would leach the sum of
$173,000.
.Now, while the piice of the article is only thir-
teen or fifteen cents, as it was last summer, is it
reasonable to tax it more than it costs ? One third
the cost of manufacture is a larger tax than is im-
posed upon any other article by the bill now pro-
posed to be amended.
I speak, thciefore, advisedly to the House and
the Committee of Ways and Means when 1 say
that a change and reduction to five cents will be
followed by the opening of these distilleries and
the increase of revenue; whereas not a single dime
has yet been paid m the district I represent
Mr. flOLMAIV. I do not think the taxupon
spirituous hquois can be reduced to five cents,
though I do believe that some reduction would
operate in favor of the revenue of the country. I
represent a district in which a single firm engaged
in tiie distilling business would have paid on the
basis of their former manufacture from thiec hun-
dred and fifty thousand to half a million of dol-
lars per year under the present revenue law. Rut,
in consequence of the heavy duty of twenty rents
a gallon, the manufacturers m my district of spir-
ituous liquors, the ordinary article of commerce,
have taken advantage of the drawback feature of
the piesent law, and have engaged rnamSy in the
manufacture of alcohol for exportation abroad,
from which no revenue is derived, and the amount
of duty realized thus far has been very inconsid-
erable. A duty of ten or fifteen cents would at
the same time, judging from the data I am pos-
sessed of, realize fiom that district a very large
revenue.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would ask the
gentleman whether it is fair to put a tax upon an
aiticle to the amount of its value? For instance,
if a horse is worth £.300, would you tax it $100?
Mr. 110LMAN. Theie is generally under-
stood to be a difference between taxing1 the neces-
saries of life and luxuries. I would not deny that
in some sections of tin; country this article is one
of prime necessity. I believe it is not so regarded
by most of our people, except so far as used for
manufacturing puiposes, and is not ordinarily
anywhere placed upon the basis of taxation with
necessaries, But it is a very important branch of
manufacture, and is entitled to be treated justly.
No class of men engaged in any large manufac-
turing interest of the country have exhibited a
greater willingness to support the country and in
aiding to place the taxes upon the manufacture
of spirituous liquors, without an illiberal purpose,
upon a fair basis, than the distillers themselves.
At their own instance the taxes were placed at
twenty cents a gallon, although a heavy reduc-
tion on the proposed tax; but a great majority of
them, among whom are many intelligent and fair
men, believe, after the pastexpenence,that a re-
duction to fifteen cents would revive a great many
establishments which nave been almost entirely
suspended, and would pievent the necessity for
the now almostexclusive manufacture of alcohol,
from which we derive no revenue whatever. I
believe a reduction to fifteen cents will operate
favorably to the revenue, whatever might be the
effect upon the morals of the country.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out" ten" and inserting " fifty." We
of the East consume this whisky which is pro-
duced at the West, and the consumers pay the
tax. They arc entirely willing to pay the extra
tax.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Maine seems
to have the impression that all the whisky made
is drank. That seems to be the impression in the
State of Maine. Only one third of the whisky
manufactuied is leally consumed by drinking.
Two thirds of it enters into manufactures, chem-
ical and otherwise.
Mr. PIKE. That is taxed another way. I sup-
posed that " spirituous liquors" referred only to
what was drank. There was a discussion last
Congress in reference to liquors drank and liquors
consumed by manufacturers, and I supposed this
term was settled down upon as indicating liquors
which are to be drank.
Mr. COX. 1 oppose the amendment to the
amendment. I offered my amendment in good
fait h, as I believe the reduction of tux would bring
moie revenue. Ceitainly if there be more whisky
manufactured a larger amount of revenue will be
paid. There will be more corn sold and alugher
price paid for corn, and it is for the advantage of
the people who raise com to have this tax re-
duced. I therefore offer the amendment m good
faith. My colleague [Mr. Vallandigiiam] has
expressed very cleaily. better than Ican,theieu-
sons for this amendment. We want an expres-
sion of the House on this subject, atall events, to
know whether or not the tax shall be uniform and
peimanent, fo that distillers may know how to
guide their business heteafter.
Mr. WASHniTUNE. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that, the farmers of the West
would have had a better market foi their corn if he
had voted to open the Illinois canal. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. "Still harping on my daughter.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to cor-
rect the statement of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mi. TIolmax,j ui regard to the character of the
bill before the committee. The bill does not, in
any clause that I am aware of, propose to reduce
the duties on fabrics manufactured m New Eng-
land. The only proposition m legard to the mat-
ter is in reference to some aitich s where duties
are imposed one, two, and three times over. Under
the influence of gentlemen fiom the'great West,
we have concludcd that it is riirht and proper to
propose that those articles having paid duty in
the first instance, shall have that deducted from
the subsequent duties that may be levied; and that
is confined to a very few articles.
Now, in regard to the duty on whisky, I will
say that the Committee of Ways and Means has
had to resist the irnpoitunities of gentlemen in-
terested in the business, who were for increasing
the duties on whisky; foi it is a fact in reference
to the distilleis of the West, as well as to the man-
ufacturers of the East, that they have made more !
profit within the last year and since this tax was j
levied, in consequence of having large stocks on j
hand, or large quantities of raw material, than in j
any five years of their previous existence. i
Aii. HOLMAN. Have not those importunities .
been rather fiom gentlemen having large stocks
of liquor on hand than from those actually en-
gaged in distillation 5
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was the
case in reference to the distillers of the West.
They had large quantities on hand. They went
diligently to work purchasing grain and distilling
all tl\ey could before the law went into operation.
I hope the committee wilt not deem it wise to
change materially the principles or the rate of
duty imposed in the present tax bill. It is con-
ceded on all hands that it is working well—rais-
ing a large revenue and at a small cost. Let us
leave still open the luxury of raising the duty on
whisky—as I have no doubt it will be raised at
some future time to fifty cents or a dollar per gal-
lon—and I trust the gentleman from Ohio will not
commit himself so that he cannot support that
proposition hereafter.
The question was taken on Mr. Pike's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the tax to six cents.
What the gentleman from Vermont has referred
to was precisely the fact when the bill was under
consideration at the last session. The manufac-
turers of spirituous liquors in the East were then
anxious for a much higher rate of duty than we^
finally imposed; and I do not doubt that the pres-
sure of which the gentleman speaks comes now
from the same quarter. Very certainly none of
it came then or comes now from the West, or from
those engaged in the manufacture of the article
there. It may be that there are some distillers
who have accumulated large quantities, and who
would desire to have this duty increased; but it
is not the desire of the masses in my section of
the country.
Mr. HORTON. I wish to state for the consid-
eration of the committee, that so far as I know—
and I believe I am informed of all the communi-
cations sent to the Committee of Ways and Means
on the subject—no distiller has asked to have the
present tax changed. The grain-growing interest
of the West, so far from being injured by the
operation of this tax, has been benefited. The
price of coin is to-day one hundred per cent,
nigher in the State of Ohio than it was a year ago.
The distillers*are paying one hundred per cent,
more for corn, and they do not complain of it. I
think my colleague is acquainted with them well
enough to know that they are perfectly cognizant
of their own interest. They have made no rep-
resentations looking for a decrease of the duty;
and certainly I know enough of them personally
to be convinced that if they had desired a change
they would have informed' me of it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw my
amendment; and I move to amend by making the
tax eight cents a gallon. 1 desire to ask my col-
league whether he represents largely the distilling
interest.
Mr. HORTON. My district, Mr. Chairman,
has no distillery in it, but 1 have been in personal
communication with a good many distillers this
winter, and during and since the last session of
Congress, and I say that none of them has inti-
mated a desire that this tax should be reduced.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do represents
I said, a larger distilling interest than any other
member on this floor, and I am obliged to bear
testimony directly contrary to that submitted by
my colleague; and I desire to ask him, orany other
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
why there has been a distinction made between
fermented liquors and spirituoushquors. The tax
on malt hquois is Iaigely reduced.
Mr. HORTON. I do not wish to take from my
colleague any eminence he may have as represent-
ing a laige distilling interest, but he is mistaken
in point of fact. There arc members on this floor
who represent four times as large a distilling in-
terest as he. There are two or three or foui mem-
bers who represent larger distilling interests than
he does. I mention that to show that 1 know
something about this interest; that is all.
In regard to the reduction ofduty on maltliquors
it is simply this: that interest is so largely depre-
ciated ns to operate a reduction in th « quantity
produced fornvuketjand the question is, whether
we shall tux them to their injury or allow them
to live, so that the Government can get a revenue
from them. If the distillers had been placed in
the same predicament* we should have considered
their claim in the same way.
Mr. VALLA Is D1 Gil AM. 1 shall enter into
no controversy as to who iopresen!r' a inrger dis-
