THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to postpone all prior
•orders, and take up the bill oil the subject of arrests;
so that the Senator from Kentucky may have an
opportunity to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiatfa moves to postpone all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up the bill indicated in his mo-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will not press that at this moment. I de-
sire that the bill to which he has referred should
come up; but, as we have this bill up, it seems to
me we had better continue it and try to finish it.
I do not think there is to be any protracted debate
on it. There may be a good many amendments
proposed. I propose that we go on with the bill
and finish it. I have no feeling m regard to it.
If the disposition of the Senate is not to do any-
thing about it, as soon as that is ascertained I shall
never attempt to press it on the Senate a moment.
I think now, as we are on the bill, we had better
go on an hour or so, and see if we cannot finish
it. I trust the Senator from Indiana will not press
his motion; and if he does not, I ask that the Sen-
ate continue the consideration of this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I must press this motion.
The Senator from Kentucky desires to be heard; I
and as I understand from him that he desires
particularly to pay his respects to me for the few
remarks I made some weeks ago, I am very
anxious to hear him while I am a member of the
Senate, and I trust the Senate will give the Senator
from Kentucky an opportunity.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana may prevail.
discharge of state prisoners.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
362) to provide for the discharge of State prison-
sis and others, and to authorize the judges of the
United States courts to take bail or recognizances
to secure the trial of the same; the pending ques-
tion being on the motion of Mr. Powell to strike
out the third section of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, when the res-
olution offered by the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbcry] was under consideration, I made a
few remarks expressing my satisfaction at the re-
cent Democratic victories in the northern States;
notim the way of high-sounding eulogy, as sev-
eral Senators have since indicated, but merely to
express my gratification and to make my acknowl-
edgments to the gallant men who won those vic-
tories, which, in myjudgment, tend to sustain the
Constitution of the country and the liberties of the
people. For that, sir, I have been assailed on all
hands, particularly by the two distinguished Sen-
ators from Indiana; and I now desire, very briefly,
to reply to some of the remarks which have fallen
from those gentlemen. "1 shall not notice partic-
ularly the Indiana election ,and the matters of fraud
alluded to by the distinguished Senator from that
Stale, [Mr. Lane.] Those are matters about
which, I confess, I am not accurately advised; but
in.the remarks which I shall make, I will briefly
allude to the speech made by the other Senator i
from Indiana [Mr. Wright] on that subject.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Wrigiit,] in
speaking on the subject of arbitrary arrests, in-
voked the name of Mr. Jefferson to sustain him
and those who approve the action of the present
Administration in the suspension of the habeas
corpus and in making arbitrary arrests and placing
tlio civil power in subordination to that of the mil-
itary. I do not think, sir, that the name of Mr.
Jefferson can be justly invoked in aid of such an
unhallowed prostitution of the Constitution and
of the liberties of the people. I will read what
the Senator says on that subject:
" Mr. Jefferson sustained General Wilkinson Ibr suspend-
ing the habeas coy pus in New Orleans on the occasion of
certain military arrests of persons vvlio were suspected of
complicity ill Burr's expedition, thus justifying the setting
up of military authority over the jurisdiction of the courts
it) tunes of public danger."
That is a chargc that Mr. Jefferson sustained
General Wilkinson for suspending the habeas cor-
pus in New Orleans; thus justifying the setting up
of military authority over the jurisdiction of the
courts in time of public danger. That, sir, if it
be true, is a grave charge against the reputation
of Mr. Jefferson. I hope to be able to show that
no such charge can be justly laid to Mr. Jeffer-
son. The whole life of that distinguished man
was devoted to the maintenance of public liber-
ty. He, perhaps, more than any other man that
has lived m American history, devoted his time
to that very issue. He was the warm, the devoted,
and the ardent advocate of subordinating the mili-
tary to the civil power. Sir, if you will refer to
the Declaration of Independence, written by him,
you vWll find that it is one of the charges against
the British king that " he has affected to render
the military independent of and superior to the
civil power." He was arraigned, too, for "de-
priving us in many cases of the benefit of trial by
jury," for " transporting us beyond the seas to be
tried for pretended offenses."
These were charges made by Mr. Jefferson
against the British king,among the just causes that
he gives for taking up arms against that sovereign;
and yet the Senator from Indiana would invoke
the name of that illustrious chief of the Democ-
racy to justify the arbitrary arrests of this day.
Sir, the author of the Declaration of Independence,
without stultifying himself, never could, at any
period of his life, have advocated the subordinating
of the civil to the military power.
But let us see what was done in the case of
Swartwout and Bollman. It has often been said
that Mr. Jefferson recommended the suspension
of the habeas corjrus during the time of the Burr
conspiracy. Such is not the fact. Mr. Jefferson
never, at any period of his life, as far as I have
been able to learn, recommended the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus in any case whatever.
On that point, I shall read two very short ex-
tracts from his correspondence, as given in a note
to Mr. Justice Story's Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, before I proceed to give a detailed his-
tory—a brief one, however—of his acting and do-
ings touching Bollman and Swartwout, who were
charged to have been engaged in the conspiracy
of Burr;
" 1. Mr. Jefferson expressed a dccldcd objection against
the power to suspend the wiit of habeas corpus in any ease-
whatever, declaring himself in favor of < the eternal and
unremitting force of the habeas corpus lav/.5 (2 Jefferson's
Correspondence, 274, 291.) 'Why,' said he, on another
occasion,' suspend the writ of habeas corpus in insurrection
and rebellion ?' ' If the public safety requires that the Gov-
ernment should have a man imprisoned on less probable test-
imony in those than in other emergencies, lot him be taken
and tried, letaken and rctiicd, while the necessity contin-
ues, only giving him redress against the Government for
damages.'(2 Jefferson's Correr-pondenoe, 334.) Mi. Jef-
ferson sent a message to Congress on the. subject of the sup-
posed conspiracy ot Colonel I>uir, on 22d January, 180/.
On the next day, Mi. Giles, of the Senate, moved a com-
mittee to consider the expediency of suspending the writ
of habeas corpus be appointed, and the molion prevailed.
The committee (Mr. Giles, chaiiman) leported a bill for
this purpose. The bill passed ihc Bcnate, and wa? rejected
in the House of Representatives by a vote of 113 lor the
i ejection, against 19 in its favor. (See 3 Senate Journal,
&2d January, J 807, p. 127; ibid,130, 3 31; 5 Journal of House
of llepiesentativcs, 26th January,1807, pp. 550, 551, 532.)
That is the recorded opinion of Mr. Jefferson;
and upon what ground it can now be said that he
ever was in favor of subordinating the military to
the civil power, I am unable to comprehend. It
certainly does not grow out of anything that oc-
curred during the conspiracy of Burr. I have in
my hand the message transmitted to Congress by
Mr. jefferson, on the 22d of January, 1807, touch-
ing the conspiracy of Burr; and in that message,
after reciting the facts and stating that he trans-
] mits certain affidavits, he says:
! " By these it will be seen that of three of the principal
I emissaries of Mr. Burr, whom the general had caused to
i be apprehended, one had been hbeiated by habeas corpus,
j and two others, being those particularly employed m the
j endeavor to coirupt the general and Atmy of the United
! States, have been embarked by him for ports in the Atlan-
■ tic States, probably on the consideration that an impaitial
' trial could not be expected duung the present agitation of
j New Orleans, and that that city was not a safe place of con-
' finement. As soon as these persons shall arrive, they will
! be delivered to the custody of the law, and left to such
[! course of trial, both ns to place and progress, as its func-
;! tionane^ may direct. The piesence ot the highest judicial
i j authorities, to be assembled at this place within a lew days,
'i the means ot pursuing a sounder course of proceedings
!1 here than elsewhere, and the aid of the executive means,
i! should the judges have occasion to use them, render it
equally desirable for the criminals as lor the public that,
!' bein" already removed from the place where they were first
:! apprehended, the first regular arrest should take place here,
;j and the course of proceedings receive here their proper
direction."
That is the only clause in that message which
, alludes to habeas corpus. Mr. Jefferson does not
!' even ask of Congress to suspend the writ o(habeas
corpus, but merely recites in the message the facts
j1 connected with that conspiracy, and he says one
i! person had been released, and two others were en
route to the capital that had been arrested by
order of General Wilkinson. Wha'twasthecourae
of Mr. Jefferson when those persons arrivedhere ?
That is a matter of public record. When they
arrived here, Mr. Jefferson, on the'26th of janu-
ary, 1807, sent this message "to the Senate and
House of Representatives:
To the Senate and House of'Representatives erf the United
States: - '
I received from General Wilkinson, on the 33d Instant,
Ills affidavit charging Samuel Swartwont, Fester V. Ogden,
and Jaraes Alexander with the Grimes described inthe. aCV-
davit, a copy of which is now communicated to.hoth Houses
of Congress.
It whs announced to me at the same time, that Swarfc-
woutand i'ollman, two of the persons apprehended by him,
had arrived in tills city, in custody each, of ;i military offi-
cer. I immediatelyiielivered to the Attorney of the united
States, in this District, the evidence received against them,
with instructions to lay the same before the judges, and
apply for-their process to bring the accused to justice; and
put into his hands orders to the officers having "them in
custody to deliver them to the marshal on his application.
THOMAS JEFFERSON.
January 26, 1807.
There, Bir, is the message 'of Mr. Jefferson.
That is the way in which he disposed of. State
prisoners; yet the Senator invokes the authority
of Mr. Jefferson to sustain the arbitrary arrests
and imprisonment of citizens of the United Statea
by order of the present Administration.
Now, Mr. President, what is the difference ?
We find that the present Executive.suspends the
writ of habeas corpus. We find that, through the
instrumentality of his provost marshals, an office
unknown to the Constitution and laws of the
country, he seizes persons in almost every section
of the country; he drags them to distant prisons,
takes them from the State and district where they
are charged to have committed offenses, impris-
ons them for longmonths withoutahearing,with-
out even allowing the public or theprisoner to know
what the charges against them are. Did Mr. Jeffer-
son thus act ? Has the President ever sent to this
Congress the affidavits, the charges upon which
any single individual has been arrested by his au-
thority or by the military authority, and told Con-
gress in a message, as Mr. Jefferson did, that he
would hand themover to the civil authorities to be
tried for the offenses they were charged to have
committed? No,sir. So far from that, the friends of
the President in this'Senate and in the other House
have voted down resolution after resolution de-
manding to know the charges against citizens who
had been arrested and torn from their homes with-
out charge being publicly made against them and
imprisoned without warrant oflawin your north-
ern bas tiles; and when such resolutions havebeen
passed—there was one passed at the last session
that I introduced touching certain arrestsin Ken- ,
tucky—the President has answered thatit is in-
compatible with the public interest to give the
information. Mr. Jefferson, unasked, sent to
Congress the affidavit of General Wilkinson and
others, on which the arrests were made, and told
them that he had handed the papers to the law
officers, and requested that Bollman and Swart-
wout be arraigned and tried for the offense with
which they were charged. That was the conduct
of Mr. Jefferson. How different the conduct of
the present Executive! By "an unconstitutional
edict he closes the courts against the accused; he
never has handed one over to the civil tribunals
for trial, but, after long months of cruel imprison-
ment, many have been discharged without trial
or any charges having been made against them.
With the facts recorded as 1 have stated, how
dare the Senator to assert that Mr. Jefferson de-
sired, in certain times, the military to be above
the civil power? His whole life, his conduct in
this case of Swartwout and Bollman, shows un-
mistakably that the honorable Senator is grossly
mistaken.
I am aware, sir, of the letter from which the
honorable Senator read an extract, in which Mr.
Jefferson said to General Wilkinson that the ar-
rest and bringing to this place of two of those gen-
tlemen, and perhaps the addition of Burr and a
few others, would be sustained by public senti-
ment. But, sir, did the Senator mean to intimate
that vvhes those persons were brought here Mr.
Jefferson would have them locked up in a prison
without trial, without a hearing? No, sir, the
very converse was the action of Mr. Jefferson; and
the authority adduced by the Senator is directly
against hinij and it comes, tooj with crushing
power upon the present Administration if their
