1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his prerogative beyond its legitimate sphere; he
cast down and put under foot the constitutional
liberties of the people. The illustrious men whom
I have named resisted the tyrant; and the world,
fiom that day to this, has ptoclaimed them hon-
01 ed martyrs to the cause of constitutional liberty.
They died resisting the minister; they died in favor
of the constitution of their country; yet the Sena-
tor thinks loyalty is irreconcilable with opposition
to the minister. I disagree with the Senator. All
history condemns his sentiments. The purest and
the loftiest patriots that have ever lived are those
who have manfully resisted the encroachments of
executive power on the liberties of the citizen.
History has so pronounced them, and liberty-
loving men throughout all time will honor their
memories.
We who, in our humble way, at this day op-
pose the usurpations of the present Executive, are
arraigned for want of loyalty, forsooth, because
hostility to the minister is not reconcilable with
loyalty to the Government. The Senator curi-
ously confounds the Government with the Presi-
dent. We all owe.allegiance to our Government,
but we owe none to the minister, unless he ad-
ministers that Government which is intrusted to
him in accordance with the Constitution and laws
of his country. When he violates those, in order
to be loyal to the great principles of constitutional
liberty we must resist the encroachments of the
minister, or the rights and liberties ot the people
toill be overthrown. That is our duty to-day.
That liberty-loving men in all past time have
done, and will do in the future. It is only the
tools of despots that will do otherwise.
1 grant you that loyalty is due to the Govern-
ment; allegiance is due to the Government, but
not to the minister. The Government, Mr. Presi-
dent, was instituted to protect and secure the
people in their lives, their liberty, and thtnr prop-
erty, and whenever it fails to do that, the Gov-
ernment is no longer desirable. Our Constitution
was formed for that purpose. Indeed, the Con-
stitution is the written exposition of the will of
the people. But the gentleman seems to speak of
the President as the Government. The Presi-
dent is no more the Government that the legisla-
tive department. He is no muie the Government
than is the Supreme Couit ot the United States.
The President is the crcature of the Constititfion;
he can exercise no power but what is delegated
in that instrument; and the very moment he goes
beyond those delegated powers, he is a usurper.
Talk about the President being the Government!
He is the agent, the instrument of the people lor
the purpose of executing the powers conferred
upon the Chief Magistrate by the Constitution,^
just as we and the other House are the agents oi
the people for conducting the legislative depart-
ment; just as the Supreme Couitof the United
States is the agent for administering the laws.
The President is no more the Government than
the judicial or the legislative department. He
has no power except what he derives from the
Constitution. He is the creature of it. 1 owe
the Piesidentno more allegiance than he owes me.
He should be as loyal to the legislative or the ju-
dicial department, as either of those depai tnu-ms,
or any nieinb®s of'them, should be to him. In this
evil day, I hear constantly the President spoken
ofas being the Government. Those who entertain
these doctrines seem to me to be willing to lay
down freedom, and to accept despotism. 1 have
not been brought up m that school ot politicians.
3 never, never will yield to any such dogma.^
When the President administers the functions ot
his office according: to the Constitution ot his coun-
try, and in a manner that 1 think i&> right, 1 will
applaud him. When he goes beyond that, mid
violates the fundamental law, 1 will condemn him.
Away, then, with the doctrine that the Pieaident is
the Government. I am astonished that the Sen-
ator should use such language.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the Senator will permit
me, as 1 want to answer him, I will give him now
the full benefit of my views on that point. I lay
down this doctrine: under the law of this coun-
try, whenever Congress declares war, and war
exists, it is the duty of all loyal men to sustain,
by appropriations of money, the Aimy that is
trying to save the country in its existence. I hat
is my doctiino uf loyalty.
Mi. POWELL. Do I understand you to say
that Congress has declared war?
Mr. WRIGHT. War is declared. It is the
law of the land. It is the duty of all loyal men
to sustain the Government and carry on the war
by taxes, by money, and in every other way 
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I by no means
concur with the Senator in that. That would de-
pend altogether on the kind of war. If I thought
the war was one to overthrow the Constitution of
my country and the liberties of the people, I would
give neither men nor money to carry it on. I be-
lieve the war in which we are engaged is one of
that character; consequently 1 have given neither
men nor money to carry it on, and so help me God
I never will. 1 believed from the beginning that
this war was brought on for the purpose of over-
throwing the institutions of the southern States,
to get rid of the institution of African slavery,
and, if you could not do it by war, then to dis-
solve the Union. That has been my opinion from
the beginning:; and when there was a resolution
int?oduced here by Mr. Johnson, similar to the
one offered by Mr. Crittenden', T voted against
it; and I said in my place that 1 did not believe
that it contained the truth, and the facts developed
from that day to this have confirmed me, and shown
that 1 was right in the opinion that 1 then formed.
I love the Constitution of my country. I am de-
voted to the Union of the States. I believed that
this war would forever tear the Union asunder,
and bring on this people untold evils, onerous
taxes, heavy debt, and do no good. 1 believed
we could never hold this people together by arms.
Hence i opposed the war; and, believing that, I will
support no war which, in my judgment, will be
attended with such disastrous results. The gen-
tleman can advocate a war that his conscience
tells him is wrong: that he thinks will overthrow
his country, destroy its liberties, destroy its Con-
stitution, rend it asunder forever, and bring rum,
misery, and want upon the States and the people,
if he chooses; but 1 will never do it. i will act
as an independent Senator; and L am opposed to
a-war which leads to such consequences. I hope
that the Senator is now satisfied as to my exact
position.
1 hear a great deal said here about the life of the
nation. Senators seem to think that the Admin-
istration of Abraham Lincoln, the present Exec-
utive, is the life of the nation. What, sir, is the
life of the nation ? Is it its area? Is it the num-
ber of square miles5 I thought the life of the na-
tion was the Constitution, and the laws made m
pursuance theieof. 1 thought the lite of the no-
tion consisted m liberty regulated by law. That
was my opinion of the life of the nation. Tlvo
gentleman seems to think that territorial extent is
the life of the nation. Was not this nation a? much
of a living element when we had but thirteen
States? ^desire that the territorial integrity of
the Union mav be maintained; but that is not the
life of the nation: its life is the Constitution and
laws. They are being murdered, in my judgment,
by the present Executive. I believe the Consti-
tution is being overthrown; indeed, 1 know it;
Senators know it. They will not defend the Presi-
dent for it except on the ground of necessity. I
believe that the constitutional rights of the citizen
have been cloven down. In this, sir, the life of
the nation is being fast taken awny. Senators ap-
prove that. I do not. I want th* nation to live.
1 want it to live in its glorious Constitution, m its
laws, and extend protection to the life, liberty, and
property of its citizens.
But the present Administration is overthrowing
the Constitution of the country and the laws made
in pursuance thereof, not only of the Federal Gov-
ernment, but even the constitutions and laws of
the States, m defiance of the courts, have been sus-
i pended and stricken down. But Senators say the
1 President had a right to suspend the writ of habeas
j coiinis, arid therefore lie could do all these things.
' Mr, President, I am not going to discuss again
i the power of the President to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. It is well known to the Senate that I
: regard that as a legislative, not an executive power;
I but there is one question which gentlemen seem
! to foro-et when they speak on that point. Suppose
' the wilt of habeas corpus is legitimately suspended,
can the President of the United States or any ot
his Cabinet ministers lawfully make an arrest.'
That is a question which I propounded to the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
but 1 could get 110 answer to it. 1 propounded it
to all the Senators on the other side, and 1 could
get no answer. Even if the 'Writ bf habeas corpiis
be suspended legitimately; can the President «us-
pend the courts in the various States of thisUnfori,
which he has done virtually, for through his" in-
strumentality the judged are not allowed1
form the functions of their office in Many cases ?
But, Mr. President, one word as to the Indiana,
election. It strikes me that if f had not chosento
say a few words in commendation of my brother
Democrats in the North I should not have been
assailed in the various modes in which ! have
been; but, as the Democracy of Indiana have tt'o
representative on this floor, and as I am fcheir&Mgh-
bor, and as I brought down the terrible thrusts of
the two distinguished Senators from Indiana- oh
them, I deem it my duty to defend them, and* 1
will do it to the utmost of my power and ability,
because I believe they are right; I believe they are
bold champions of constitutional and civil liberty.
I approved their course; and I can tell the gentle-
men that, notwithstanding all of his popularity,
all of his eloquence, backed up by the Republican
party, these gallant knights have overthrown Re-
publicanism and Abolitionism, anil they are this
day triumphant. I do not claim to be sb 'well
posted on the facts as to these elections as the
Senators. They are local matters; but there are
some things of public notoriety about them that
I, in common with other men, do know. I will
read ail extract from the honorable Senator's
speech oil that subject. I do not claim to be ac-
curately and minutely informed as to the actings
and doings of political parties in that State; but
there are certain facts that are matters of public
record, that are aceessibl.e to me, aa they are^to
every other gentleman in the country,and I wish
to apply the Senator's statement to that touch-
stone, to (hat record evidence, which I will do,
and sec how far he has darkened my vision. I
will read this extract from the Senator's speech:
"The Senatoi from Kentucky has spoken of other man-
ifestations of loyally in the late elections; and he spoke
with an air of triumph of the 'gallant Democracy3 ot my
own State, and ot otiieis. 1 may darken the bright'vision
of the honoiabte Senator; but the cause oi truth inflexibly
requires that I should tell him how much hela mistaken.
Instead of the election in Indiana being evidence ot oppo-
sition to the Government, the gentlemen who sustained the
Adnuniriuarton by voting for the tax law and other great
measures: of the Administration have been reelected by
lar«e and increased majorities; while the votes of those
wimo reduced who voted against the tax law—in one in-
stance, at leaht."
There is a distinct avowal of the honorable Sen-
ator that those members who voted for the tax law
and other measures of the Administration were
elected by increased majorities, while the major-
ities of those who voted against the tax law were
decreased, in one instance, at least. With that
statement of fact, which the Senator says truth
compels him to make, he thinks he will darken
my vision. Now, sir, in order that truth may be
vindicated, I will give a few scraps from the his-
tory of the Indiana election to show that the Son-
ator is mistaken—1 say mistaken, of course I will
not insinuate that he would willfully misrepresent.
There are in Congress from Indiana nve Re-
publicans who voted for the tax law, for the con-
fiscation bill, and the other leading measures of
the present Administration; and I will show to
the Senate how they fared in that election. He
says they were all reelected by increased majori-
ties. Mr. Julian is a member of the presentCon-
gress, who voted for all these extreme measures.
He has been elected to the next Congress; but his
majority is decreased 9,878 compared with what
it was before. Mr. Colfax has been reelected to
the next Congress, not by an increased majority,
for his majority has been reduced 3,173. They
are the only two Republicans reelected to the next
Congress who voted for those measures, and their
majorities have decreased 6,051 votes. The Sen-
ator says they were all reelected. Mr. DuNN,Mr.
Mitchell,and Mr. Shanks, of the House' ofRep-
resentatives, voted for the measures I have indi-
cated: but, instead of being reelected, they were
defeated. Those three gentlemen were elected m
18G0 by majorities amounting together to 6,901.
Last fall they were defeated by Harrington, lid-
gerton, and McDowell, Democrats, by majorities
amounting in the aggregate to 2,739. These ani
facts that I take from the record. Tne Senator
says all the members who sustained the measures
of the Administration were reflected.,Sir, I sup-
pose the political ghosts, the shadows of Donk
and Mitchell and Shanks wore filled with sur-
