THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
the shape of leather, and it is taxed when made
into harnesses, saddles, shoes, and boots. Then
take the article of carriages. Every pound of iron
and steel, every article of upholstery, of leather,
every dollar's worth of paint and varnish is first
taxed, and afterwards the carriage itself is taxed.
The duty of calculating these taxes on articles
previously taxed would impose a task impossible
for assessors, and which the entire clerical force
of the Treasury Department would fail to accom-
plish. Wc have realized the evil of double tax-
ation, arid have attempted to remedy it as fur as
possible. It was done in the original bill; and in
this bill we have extended the principle to arti-
cles coming within the same category. We have
provided in another section, as will be seen, that
all articles once taxed, not increased in value over
five per cent, by any additional manufacture, shall
be exempt from further duty. That is, I think,
as far as this committee should venture to go at
this time.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts:
That there shall be deducted fiom duties levied or as-
sessed upon mauulaetuied article.., all duties which may
have been levied, collected, and paid upon any or all pood'',
wares, and articles enteung into the production and com-
position of such nianulactmcs.
The object of this amendment, Mr. Chairman,
is the same as that sought to be effected by the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. I am not entirely sure that the object
could not be as well accomplished by the amend-
ment proposed by him as by the substitute which
I have offered. The object of both is to secure
this result, namely: that the variousai tides manu-
factured shall pay but one tax, that the articles en-
tering into and combined in any manufacture shall
not be taxed and relaxed and taxed over and over
again, as they are in many instances under the
present law. This, I think, is an unjust princi-
ple in the system of taxation. The Committee of
Ways and Means has sought to remedy'*the evil
that exists in the bill by providing that various
articles which enter into the composition of other
manufactured articles shall be exempt from tax-
ation , thus recognizing the correctness of the prin-
ciple thatan article shall be taxed butonce. Now,
in regard to clothing and car wheels and clocks,
and some other articles, the Committee of Ways
and Means has provided that the articles entering
into the manufacture of these goods having once
paid a tax, shall not be subject to an additional
tax.
The amendment which I have sent to the table
proposes simply that the principle thus recognized
shall be made universal, i apprehend that there
will be no difficulty in the application of the prin-
ciple us proposed, because the assessors, in going
through the various manufacturingestablishuientc,
will ascertain the different materials entering into
the composition of the manufactured article in
its completed form, and which have been already
taxed, and deduct from the duty assessed that
which has already been imposed on the articles
entering into its composition. The gentleman
from Massachusetts has presented a striking illus-
tration of the unjust operation of the law as it
exists now. I can furnish many others. Take,
for example, the machinist who manufactures
portable engines. Entet in^into us composition,
the copper wiil have paid four taxes and the sheet
iron and rivets three. The sheet copper pays first
a tax at the rolling-mills; the copper flues pay a
second tax assessed upon the coppersmith. The
boiler-maker pays a third time on the flues used
in the boiler, and the machinist on the Hucn in the
engine. The sheet non is assessed first at the
rolling-mill. The bodei-maker pays a second tax
when he makes the boiler,and again it is assessed
when converted into the portable engine. Thus,
when the engine is complete the copper used has
been taxed four times and the iron three tunes.
It seems to me that thu principle is so clearly un-
just, and its operations so inequitable and errone-
ous, that we should not hesitate to adopt the prin-
ciple that manufactured articles shall be liable to
but a single tax.
Mr. Chairman, in presenting and urging the
adoption of this amendment, 1 am .seeking to ic-
he\e to some extent what I regard as the unjust
burdens which fall upon the great body of manu-
facturers of the Northwest, a class of ciuzens as
patriotic, as devoted in their loyalty as can be
found in the Union. These men shrink from no
sacrifice necessary to save the Government, but
whose desire is only that these burdens should
be distributed fairly and justly. Sir, if the neces-
sities of the nation require it, you may take all
their hard earnings; they will freely surrender all,
so that justice and equity is manifested in the ad-
justment of the taxes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am opposed to the amend
raentof the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold]
because I am in favor of the original amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Rice.] The policy of the Government ought
to be to aid as much as practicable that class that
is not well able to take care of itself. The basis
of taxation adopted by the Committee of Ways
and Means and presented to this committee for
its approbation is to engage combinations of labor
and of capital, and these combinations are disad-
vantageous to persons of small means. A person
who is now engaged in manufacturing certain
parts of an article may not be able to engage in
the business on a sufficiently large scale to enable
him to comprehend the entire article complete.
For instance, in spindle frames, he can manufac-
ture the spindles, but it requires a larger capital
than he possesses to manufacture the entire ma-
chine; another man makes the frame. I see that
the Committee of Ways and Means has piovided
for this specific case, which brings it to my mind.
Now, a man with capital enough to eairy on both
branches gets a premium of three per cent, by
having only to pay one tax. So with the article
of ready-made clothing. The cloth out of which
it is made pays a tax, and when it is made up,
giving employment to very deserving persons, it
pays three per cent, addinonal, and this is the
clothing which the poor people of the community
wear. And it is unjust. The committee have
admitted the justice of the principle. They have
admitted it by making ceitain exceptional cases,
but they seem to apply the principle only where
theio is five percent, involved. They therefoie
apply the principle in certain eases, but in thegreat
bulk of manufactures they do not apply it at all.
Now, it seems to me that while the principle is cor-
rect, if you undertake to apply it at all, it should
be applied equally. The Committee of Waysand
Means, I say, therefore, in applying this princi-
ple to these exceptional cases, do gieat injustice
to p.great many interests which should be fostered
and pioteeted by the Government. Some people
pay as much as nine per cent, under this internal
revenue hill upon their manufactures, which, it
seems to me, does very jTcat injustice.
Mr. WALKER. Do"they not all pay it?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. No, they do not all pay
it. Wheie pei sons have a capital sufficient to carry
on an entire business, they pay only three per
cent., while the men who have notcapital sufficient
to cany on an entire business, but take it up in
us details, such men may oficn pay as much as
nine per cent.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the ami ndment to the amendment.
Air. ARNOLD. For the purpose of testing the
[ question on the amendment of the gentleman from
t Massachusetts, I will withdraw my amendment.
I Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the purpose
; of enabling me to make a remark upon this mat-
, ter, I will move to amend the amendment by stnk-
! ing out the lust word. in a gentleman of the usual
intelligence of the gentleman fiom Rhode Island,
[Mi. Shei-field,] I would nothavc supposed that
he should have fallen into what appears to me so
gi'eat a mistake. He savs that wheie a manufac-
turer can carry on an entire business, he is relieved
from all except the last tax. Now, the facts aie
not precisely so. A man may be a tanner and a
shoemaker, and yet pay a tax on both the articles
of leather and shoes. He may be a manufacturer
of iron, and at the same time a manufacturer of
shovels, of farming implements, or anything else
made out of iron, and yet he must pay a tax upon
iion, and then a tax upon the manufactured arti-
C'Mr. SHEFFIELD. L.-t me ask the gentleman
a quest ion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to rail
the attention of the committee to this particular
point, and therefore do not yield at this moment.
I have heard one of the largest manufacturers in
Massachusetts say that he was perfectly willing
to pay a second or third tax so long as everybody
else paid it; that it made no sort of difference with
him, if all were treated alike. Equality in taxation
is justice.
Now, the proposition which is introduced here
is utterly irrelevant in this place, and it is utterly
impracticable in any place, it cannot be enforced.
The difficulty of ascertaining how much one man
or another man shall pay will be left at entirely
loose ends; and I trust there is no man in this
House at this time who will urge any measure
that shall tend to cripple the credit of the country
and to reduce the revenues, as the adoption of this
amendment would reduce them, to the extent of
not less than thitfy or forty millions a year.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe I must oppose the
amendment. I do not know what it is exactly,
and itdoes not make any difference; I oppose it.
[Laughter.]
I agree to the general principle that articles
ought to be taxed but once; and in reference to
specific articles, in which the principle can be ap-
plied with certainty, I will vote for its application,
ibr I do not believe the intention was, in making
up this system of taxation, to duplicate the duty
upon any article. But my objection to the amend-
ment of tiicgentleman from Massachusetts is that
you cannot propeily accomplish the object m this
general way without getting into the utmost con-
fusion, and breaking up the whole system upon
which this tax is founded. It does not specify
any article; it does not say what. It will be wholly
impract icahle to enforce it. I repeat that the prin-
ciple is correct, and when you come to any spe-
cific article upon which you can regulate the duty
so that it will apply with certainty on this ptin-
ciple I shall certainly vote for it, for I do not be-
lieve that any article should pay two taxes simply
because there is some slight addition to its value;
but I will not, for the sake of uniformity,attempt
to cai l y out a geneial pi in ciple which cannot be
applied generally without producing the utmost
confusion, and without very mntetinlly reducing
the revenues of the Government. I hope, there-
foie, the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will be disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdrawmy
amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would like to
have the consentof the committee to say a single
word in reply to the gentleman from Vermont.
There was no objection.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I wish to re-
lieve the gentleman from Vermont from the ap-
prehension under which he seems to labor, that
the amendment I have submitted will have the
effect of crippling the credit of the country, or
materially lessening the amount of the taxes.
That was no part of my object. I disclaim any
such intention.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not charge it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentleman
did not charge it upon my intention, I am aware.
My point is that the theory upon which ihe bill
is based is erroneous; and the purpose I have in
submitting this amendment is to coi rcct that pi i n-
ciple,and to establish the rule thatno article shall
be taxed more than once; that it shall not be taxed
when it enters into manufacture, and ihen taxed
upon its entire value when manufactuied. My
remedy would be to increase the tax in the first
place, if it be ueees&at y m o' der to raise the proper
amountof revi nue. What I desire is, that every
man may know fiom the ytaif just the amount of
tax he is to pay, and that it may be properly dis-
tiiluUed.
I will not consume the time of the committee by
any further discussion, but I confess I do not see
the objection to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania refers as fatal to the amendment being
carried into effect. I do not know why the assess-
or may not as well ascertain the added value as
the original value.
Mi. VVADSWORTII. I move to strikeout
the last line of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I feel some uneasiness at a prop-
osition like this, to 5 educe the revenues of this Gov-
ernment, and I am opposed to it. We will want
a good deal of money. Sir, we want $20,000,001)
to" buy up the slaves in Missoun; we want four
or five millions for Delaware; about $10,000,000
for Maryland; and about ยง75,000,000 for Ken-
tucky. If thu canal scheme is to pass, we want
