1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GtLOBE.
nine tenths of the Democratic* party should be
against him on that very point.
We find another thing in the Senator's course.
There are questions in relation to the currency, in
relation to sustaining the credit of the Govern-
ment; and the Senator's view of loyalty is that he
may oppose those measures, and that in doing so
he has a right to set up his judgment against the
Government. Well, sir, if the gentleman is satis-
fied with his view of loyalty, I am notgoin? to dis-
turb him; but my notion of loyalty is different
from his in this: 1 say that when the constituted
authorities declared war, it was the duty of the
honest Democracy of this country, every where, to
unite and go to the President of the United States,
as thousands of them did do,andthusdo all they
could to secure peace and harmony in the councils
of the nation. He offered the olive branch. It is
shown by his appointments; it is shown by his ac-
tion. He has placed in his Cabinet men of different
political parties; h<~> 1ms put Democrats at the head
of the Army; he lias said to the people of this
country that the putting down of the rebellion is
paramount to everything else. He has said in
emphatic language that his paramount object is
to save the Government, and not to interfere with
the domestic institutions of the country.
But, sir, how does the Senator stand on the sub-
ject of loyalty in another aspect, when we look at
his votes? We had before us a few days since a
measure to provide for the payment of our Army
bytheissueof$100,00G,000 of Governmentnotes.
That hcuiorable Senator, with one other Senator,
voted in the negative. He voted against the bills
which were passed at the last session establishing
a national currency. I know not whether he re-
gamed them in the light i did; but 1 lay down the
principle that when these measures are essential
to carry on the Government m the piosecution of
a war which the proper authorities have declared,
I deem it my duty as a loyal Democrat to stand
by those measures to sustain the Army and the
counti y. Who was not told in his childhood the
'story of revolutionary suffering, that there was a
time in that great struggle when a soldier with a
hatfull ofcontinental money could not buy his din-
ner. Thank God, we are not so low down yet;
but if we had many men who should vote like my
friend from Kentucky,it would take more than a
hatfull of "greenbacks" to buy the dinner of a
poor soldier now.
My idea of loyalty is to support the Govern-
ment; the currency; to support the Administration
in all measures necessary to carry on the war.
The duty of the loyal Democracy of this country
now is to give money, to give means, to give to
this Government all the aid it can. Such has been
Democratic conduct in the past.
Mr. President, the gentleman asked me what I
meant by the life of the nation. Sir, I can tell
him what is its death; 1 can tell him what is the
opposite of its life. It is secession! It is seces-
sion! And I repeat, to-day, that whenever this
Go vernment shall recognize secession in the slight-
est degioe; whenever, by means of an armistice
ortruce—and such terms and measures as are now
winked at by certain men calling themselves Demo-
crats—you lecognize the doctrine of secession in
the slightest dcgiee, the life of the nation is gone,
and gone forever. The life of the nation is not seces-
sion. The life of the nation is to sustain the Con-
stitution and the laws, and the action of those in
authority; and they, having declared this war, it
is the duty of loyal men to stand by it; to giv<. the
means for its support, and to aland by those in
authority. We cannot—we should not—at this
time, draw any distinction between the Govern-
ment and those who are called by the voice of the
people to direct it. We must hold up their hands.
We must give them means to carry on the war,
and in doing so we sustain the teachings and
practice of Democracy—of Jefferson, of Jackson,
of Polk.
The Senator fiom Kentucky has made some re-
marks- ju ielation to Mr. Douglas. Thatdistin- '
guished man talked plainer than I can talk. I j
cannot usu language as strong as he used when he
said that the only issue in this country is, "e\ery [
man must be for the United States or against it; j
there can be no neutrality in this wai—only pa- ,
triots or traitors." That was the language of i
the lamented Douglas. Certainly, he said he waa i
opposed to servile insurrection in the South; and |
let me ask here, who is m favor of it to-day s Do 1
you know any man who is in favor of a servile
insurrection in the South ? What ha&yourPresi-
dent done? He has offered the olive branch of
peace; he has given the lebels months to lay down
i their arms; and now he has attempted, under
j the war poWer, to do that which you must say
I you are for, if you are for the country; because,
if you are for rhe country, you will say that the
country must be sustained at any and every sac-
rifice, whether of life, money, or institutions.
I ask,then, whatdoesthegentleman mean? The
idea of certain persons seeme to be this:i( wo can
find fault; we can say you had no right to call out
an army; we can complain of the arrests you have
made; we can say this war is not conducted in a
right way; but we will take pains every six months
to get up with you war men; our first object is to
get into power upon yie misfortunes of the Army,
and the misfortunes of the country." Never in
all his eventful and useful life, did Senator Doug-
las utter a nobler sentiment than when he said,
" Do not attempt to make political capital out of
the miseries of*your country." How many men
have been clothed but recently with power, m vio-
lation of the teachings of this noble patriot and
statesman. If there was a sight that 1 would rather
have witnessed than any other in the life of that
man, much as I admired him, it was the crown-
ing act of his life, when he went into that large
place in which his competitor was nominated for
President—I mean the Wigwam in Chicago—and
told twenty thousand of his fellow-countrymen
with his last warning voice to forget their party
creeds. He did not tell you to come here and let
fourteen out of sixty members of the Democratic
party undertake to revive patty organizations at
a time like this; but he said, forget your party
cieeds while hostile armies are invading your
country and your capital; stand by your Govern-
ment. And he wrapped his mantle atound him and
went home to die, leaving that noble advice as a
legacy to his countrymen. To-day, however, wc
are told, simply because he made a remark which
he had made a hundred times before, that he was
opposed to a servile insurrection, he would tlieie-
fore take sides against the Government, Sir, who
wants a servile insurrection in this country? I
know of none; but I will tell you what we want.
We want a Government. We desire the Admin-
istration to whom is intrusted tlie care of the Gov-
ernment, to weaken the enemy wherever they can;
and if you agree with me that the restoration of
this country, its peace and harmony, is paramount
to all other questions, do not stop by the wayside
to find fault with what is done. Ketp onward
with the great object in view. Do not tell me that
this thing is wrong, or that thing is wrong; but
strengthen the arms of your generals and your
President, and aim at the great object in view,
and that is the salvation of the liberties of the
country.
I shall not stop now to go over the ground in
relation to the position of Mr. Jefferson. I leave
the published extracts from his works to go to the
country as they are. If the men whom General
Wilkinson arrested could be brought two thou-
sand miles; if Mr. Jefferson could say to the
officer, it is not your duty now in times of great
public commotion to weigh too nicely what is the
law; if he could say to him, public opinion will
sustain you in diagging those men this distance;
if he could say to him, public considerations re-
quire you to exercise this power, I will not trifle
with the intelligence of the Senate by endeavor-
ing to argue that in a time like this such an exer-
cise of power is sanctioned by the authority of
Mr. Jefferson. It has been said, with greatforce,
that the execution of this power is not upon men
that have committed crime; but upon men who
are about to commit crime, and that it is for the i
purpose of preventing its commission. The ob- i
ject the President has in view is the salvation of ,
his country, its restoration to peace; and it is a I
very significant fact that we have been told that 1
there is no man who has been arrested, and put 1
in what the Senator calls a bastilo, that has not i
been able to come out at any momentupon taking i
an oath of fealty to the Government. Whether j
this be so I know not; hut I am told such is the t
fact; and yet even in this Chamber, if I mistake j
not, Senators have said that they would not be j
willing to take an oath of fealty to this Govern- I
meat to procure their release under such circum- j
stances. Sir, I should be willing to renew my i.
oath of fidelity to this Goierntneat mornihg, iiot)ih,
and night. leis the Govern 1
am bound to support it.5 ;L'f the fac^W-ihafe
time of rebellion political capital can be
of the arrest of men who are not willing-.to*t?*ke
an oath of fealty to this Government* alildb&ye
to say is th^t the people have sadly fatten? Ho,
Mr. President, political capital has-notbeen made
out of this question. If these has been any ector*
it has been that the GovernmenHias'notexercised
its power with nerve and with;decision enotigh; it
has not shown to the people of the1 country that
the Federal; Government is able 'to exeruts- power
vigorously and decisively. Let it do that, an&the
people will sustain it.
Mr. President, the position taken by some who
are obtruding themselves upon the public atten-
tion as a political party, is calculated to createan
uneasy sensation where the flimsy gauze by which
thev are overspread is not penetrated. Simulated
profession&of loyalty, sonorous enunciationsx>f
zeal in the prosecution of the war; affected anx-
iety to restore to the entire Republic the peace,
prosperity, and happiness, which, for a time^ we
have lost through the agency of wicked men, may
give them a temporary importance, for they have
proselyted many who, honest themselves, believe
in the sincerity of others; but reflection will test
their truthfulness. War on traitors they depre-
cate as harsh, and calculated to repel rebels from
future association. Would they then counsel sub-
mission to traitors, and yield to their domination?
They mean that, or they utter the mutterings of
idiocy. Rebellion must be crushed, or the faction
who have deluged the land in blood will become
its maeters, and exercise sovereign sway. Do
the party who deprecate the war manifest zeal in
the restoration of peace by any personal sacrifices?
Have they contributed to the means that are re-
quisite to coerce a peace ? Has the blood of those
near to them mingled in the rich tide which has
flowed from the hearts of the patriots who,
united breasts, have made a rampart for liberty rn
a free Republic? Have they not ratherstood aloof
fiom danger, wielding no arms to repel the as-
sault on the life of the nation; distinguished only
for an icy, shallow sophistry, whose end and aim
is to curdle the generous current which courses
through the veins and nerves the arms of our brave
defenders. Emboldened by an apparent triumph,
the cant of their patriotism is less affected, and
from high places they fulminate their hostility to
the honest efforts of this Government to remove
thedestroyersof its peace. The key-note hasten
sounded in New York; it has been reeehoed ii?
New Jersey, and reverberated through Illinois.
The General Government, so well adapted and
designed for the protection of the whole, is to be
shorn of its powerand its rightful authority,and
the general peace be defenseless. The position
taken, the resistance intimated, the censure of
Congress and States so freely uttered, cannot fail
to create apprehension; and at such a time, under
such circumstances, every man, every true pa-
triot, will renew his devotion to the General Gov-
ernment; for we have only a choice between that
and anarchy. Theliving history of passing events
has demonstrated that the independent action of
numerous State authorities, is inadequate to the
great work, and ex necessitate rci recourse must
e had to the Federal power. Such has hitherto
been our policy. Madison was sustained in its ex-
ercise; Jackson had the support of Adams, Clay,
Webster, and their illustrious compeers; Polk,
in the Mexican war, found the same cooperation;
and in a war so terrible, a strife so bloody, a con-
test so vital as this, not to sustain the Government
that the people have created, is to encoutage and
foster the rebellion against constituted authority,
and to aid in the downfall of the Republic. With-
out regard to party, patriotism will support the
Administration: in that alone have we hope of
the national salvation.
I repeat, the key-note has been sounded lately
in New Yoik under the specioifb guise of State
sovereignty and State rights. In the inaugural
message of the Governor |j|New York th is Senate
is arraigned, the War Department is arraigned.
That Governor undertakes to sit in judgment
on the acts of Congress, and he say* to* his sher-
iffs and other"officers, " you shall not let men go
out of the State." The power of the Federal
Government to declare war is ignored; and all
this is done under the name of Democracy m the
