1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
twenty-five or thirty millions for that; several
millions for a submarine cable; a good many mil-
lions more for various railroads; more for two
hundred brigadier and forty major generals; and,
above all, we want a large sum for the horses,
oats, corn, cattle, fences, and 1 do not know what
all that our Aimy have destioycd belonging; to
the loyal citizens all through the West; and I fool
considerable alarm when a proposition is intro-
duced here wliich is to reduce the revenue thiity
or foi ty million dollars. I am induced, therefore,
by these considerations, to join the gentleman from
Vermont in entering my protest against the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to say a single
word in reply to the gentleman from Vermont.
When the gentleman undertakes to lecture gen-
tlemen about blunders, it would be well for him to
look over his record in the House, and consider
the effects of the course of legislation he has urged
upon the House for (he last number of years, and
see whether he is just the person to talk about the
blundeis of others.
In reference to this proposition, I stated that in
various articles of machinery the duty was often
duplicated, and sometimes triplicated. The gen-
tleman from Vermont cannot so uudeistand it. I
could give a good many illustrations to the same
point, but I do not desire to take up the time of
the committee.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to strike out the last
throe lines. It is conceded by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means that the pi mciple
of the amendment of the gentleman front Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Rice] is right.
Mr. STEVENS. I bog the gentleman's par-
don. I thmk that he is mistaken.
Mr. ARNOLD. The Committee ofV/ays and
Means have recognized the principle in theii pro-
posed amendment. The objection they make to
making its application general is that it will le-
duce the revenue. In other words, they propose
to raise a large amount of revenue by an unjust
principle. If the bill, as proposed to be amended,
will not raise revenue enough, then increase your
tax on the luxuries instead of applying an unjust
principle to these struggling manufacturers, and
thus make up the deficiency. I say make up the
deficiency fiom other sources. The present law
operates most unjustly on the manufacturer of
small capital. Where there is an aggregation of
capital, where they can carry on all branches of
business by the same establishment by paying
only one tax, it may be all very well; but in the
West, where there is no large accumulation of
capital; where the manufacturer, in consequence
of his limited means, is compelled to carry on
only a single bianeh of the business, tins tax is
onerous, severe, and unjust, fdesne.as a rep-
resentative of the West, to make this suggestion
to the committee and to the country. If the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means de-
siies to put money in the Treasury, let ine sug-
gest to him how lie can do it. One of the best
informed men of the country told me to-day the
tariff can be so adjusted as to raise $150,00U,000
per annum. You may adjust the tariff m such
a way as will put many additional miliums into
the T^reasuiy and not into the hands of the rich.
Your tariff has become, by the rise m gold, pro-
hibitory. Change it so a.s to produce more rev-
enue, and relieve the people of internal taxes. I
hope while the Committee of Ways and Means
agree that the principle I contend for is a just
one, and propose to cai ry it out in a few instances,
that they will not stop there, but that they will
carry the principle Qut in all instances. Itoua;ht
to be applied for the benefit of (he poor as well as
for the benefit of th< i ich. i hope that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts wili
be adopted.
Mr. Chairman, let me add that the burdens cf
this revenue bill fall with peculiar severity on my
section of the Union. We vote for these bills,
objectionable as they seem,because we would do
everything to sustain the Government at such a
time as tins. But let me add that hereafter we shall
seek such modifications as justice demands. We
shall advocate and vote for a tariff for revenue,
taxes on luxuries, and a reduction or repeal of in-
ternal revenue taxes. While the burdens of tax-
ation fall most heavily on my section, you have
relieved us by none of the appropnaUons; you
have refused all aid for our defense and commer-
cial necessities. Corn is rotting on the prairies
of Illinois, and the people starving in Europe for
want of it, yet you refuse all aid for increased
facilities for transportation. This must and will
be all changed. The mouth of the Mississippi
and the ship canals are necessities to us, and we
will have them. We will open the Mississippi
by our arms and the canals by our votes.
Mr. WALKER. 1 think that a bill of this
character ought to deal fairly by all classcs of the
people and all sections of the country. I would be
the last man to do anything that would cripple
the resources of the country. I am of the opinion
that you wiil give confidence to the country by
imposing taxes equally and equitably on all por-
tions of the people. I do not think that it will be
proper to make the change that is proposed. It is
evident that it will not only change the present
system, but defeat the revenue. We are going on
now find making the best of it. I did not think
that it was right in the first place. We undertake
to tax too many articles. We ought to have taxed
fewer articles. This makes no difference to the
large manufacturers. The same articles are placed
or. the same level. So far from being a disadvant-
age to the manufacturer, it is to his advantage.
The only fault I have to find is that we have gone
on taxing everything everywhere. The English
have done differently. They have taxed a few
articles, but they have taxed them tremendously,
as I have explained on another occasion. But it
is now too late to change the system that we have
adopted. The people have become accustomed
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate
on this section.
Several Mlmbers. Debate can be closed by
unanimous consent.
Mi. MORRILL, of Vermont. If that be the
unanimous consent I withdraw my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection ?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous conscnt, with-
drew his amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Rich, of Massachu-
setts, was then rejected.
Mr. LOOM IS. I move to insert the following:
On envi'lopov mini*1 of pnpet, upon which a duty of three
ppj enf 'id valorem hiial! have been assessed or paid, one
percent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I am sure that the Committee
of Ways and Means cannot have any objection
to this proposition. The paper of which envel-
opes are made jy taxed by the iaw of the last
{•.osteon of Congress three per cent, ad valorem.
The paper alone constitutes, on an average, at
least sixty-seven poi een(. of the entire value of
these envelopes when they are finished and ready
for the maiket. The rest is mere labor. The tax
therefore on the increased value is about three-
fold what it should be, and is clearly unjust,and
I appeal to the House to correct it. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means contend that it is
impiacticable to have a general provision laying
the tax only on the increased value; but that,
where a specific tax can be laid on an article, they
are willing to adjust the tax with reft rence to the
increased value { admit the difficulty of laying
down any gent ml principle. It of'en happens
that an article is composed of different kinds of
matt rials, some of which are taxed and some not
tax* d,and it is difficult for the assessor to search
out the respective taxes previously paid on these
several matenals and piac- a just tax on the in-
creased value in the hands of the manufacturer.
B.tt thnt difficulty does not exist in this case.
II< re if-' only one thing composing this article of
envelopes, which are made of paper, and the cal-
culation of the increased value in the process of
manufacture and the amount of taxation to be
paid upon it can be made in an instant. I con-
cave the amendment to be eminently a just one,
and I hope there will be no objection to its adop-
tion. It is free from the difficulty stated by the
Committee of Ways and Means m reference to
the application of a principle which they them-
selves admit to be just,and which is confessed to
be just in numerous instances in this very bill
now under consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to the
amendment, and I hope it will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move the folio wins amend* >
merit, to come in at the end of line one Jiqndrcd
and ninety-three:
That there *>hall he deducted fiorn duties levied or as-
.sess-ed upon manufactured aiticles, not otherwise herein
provided for, all duties wliich may have been levied, col-
lected, and paid upon any or all goods, wares, and arttclcs
entering into the production and composition of sueliiaan-
ulactmes. - '
Mr. Chairman, that is substantially although
not literally the same amendment which was pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Rice.] I presume it is competent for any mem-
ber to present this single proposition. My amend*
ment presents the naked question, whether an
article shall be taxed more than once. I will not
take up the time of the House in any further
discussion of the principle involved, ft is fully
understood by the committee, and I hope those
who believe the principle is a justone will sustain
the amendment 1 have proposed, that manufac-
tured articles should be taxed no more than once.
I leave the matter to the decision of the com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no dif-
ficulty in this matter, if gentlemen will give it a
little reflection. There is no injustice like that
stated by gentlemen. Take the article of cotton.
The manufacturer adds but a trifling expense, yet
he lias to pay three per cent, on the entire cost.
I hope the amendment will be rejected. And as
the committee has already decided the question,
I hope it will not be further pressed upon our
attention.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. In order to teat the
accuracy of the construction of the gentleman
from Vermont. [Mr. Morrill,] I now move the
counterpart of the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] that is, to equalize
this tax. I move the folio wing amendment to come
in after line one hundred and ninety-three:
All article* taxed as manufactures by the act to which this
is tin amendment *hall bo subject to such tax if made and
u-ed by the manufacturer as component parts of another
manufactured article, in the some manner as if the same
had been made and sold by another party.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simply de-
claratory of what the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] has stated to be the controlling
principle of this bill. It will equalize the tax on
all articles. Take the article of boilers. Ifa boiler
is made in a machino-shop, it is taxed as a boiler,
and when it becomes a part of an engine itpays tax
as part of the engine. If, however, it is made in
the engine-room it only pays one tax. My amend-
ment will make it pay a tax as a boiler wherever
it is made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thegentleman
from Indiana [Mr. White] has strangely misun-
derstood inc. His amendment in nowise carries
out any principle which I enunciated, and I hope
it will be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
line one hundred and ninety-fourby insertingafter
the word " nuts," the words "wrought iron;"so
that the clause shall read, "on rivets, nuts,wrought
iron, railroad chains, &c., two dollars per ton."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman why this provision does not
contain the veiy principle which he has becncon-
tending against?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, 1 desire to say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that it is of-
fered for the purpose of obviating a single instance
where a manufacturer manufactures two or three
of those articles from the mines, and thereby
evades the first tax on iron. &
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Theamend-
mcnt certainly involves the principle which the
gentleman from Vermont has been so strenuously
condemning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 move to amend, in line one
hundred and ninety-nine, by inserting, after the
word "roiled," the word "brass*," so that the
clause shall read, "on rolled brass, copper, and
yellow sheathing metal, in rods or sheets, one per
cent, ad valorem." i desire to call the attention of
the committee to the propriety of this amendment.
Brass is composed of two thirds copper and one
third spelter. After being mixed, itsimply passes
through the rollers, and comes out sheet brass, prc~ 
