1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
Mr. HALE. I move that the-Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. I ask tKe Senator to withdraw
that motion for a moment.
The question being put on the motion, it was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I appeal to the Senator from
New Hampshire to withdraw the motion.
Several Senators. He cannot do it. It has
been carried.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lane, of
Indiana.) The Sergeant-at-Arms will clear the
galleries.
After sometime spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have signed the joint resolution to provide for the im-
mediate payment of the Army and Navy of the United
States, parsed by the House of Representatives on the 14th
and by the Senate on the loth instant.
The joint resolution is a simple authority, amounting,
however, under existing circumstances, to a direction to
the Secretary of the Treasuiy to make an additional issue
of $100,000,000 in United States notes, if so much money
is needed, for the payment of the Army and Navy.
My approval is given in order that every possible facility
may be afforded for the prompt discharge of all arrears of
pay due to our soldiers and our sailois.
While giving this approval, however, I think it my duty
to express ipy sincere icgret that it has been found neces-
sary to authorize so large an additional issue of United
States notes when this circulation, and that of the sus-
pended banks together, have become already so redundant
as to increase pi ices beyond real values, thereby augment-
ing the cost of living to the injury of labor, and the cost of
supplies to the injury of the whole country.
It seems very plain that continued issues of United
States notes, withoutany check to the issues of suspended
banks and without adequate provision for the raising of
money by loans, and for funding the issues -<o as to keep
them within due limits, must soon pioduce disastious, con-
sequences. And this matter appears to me so important
that 1 feel bound to avail myselfofthis occasion to ask the
especial attention of Congress to it.
That Congress has power to regulate the currency of the
country can hardly admit of doubt; and that a judicious
measure to prevent the deterioration of this currency, by
a teasonable taxation of bank circulation or othmvis-e, is
needed, seems equally clear. Independently of this goneial
consideration, it would be unjust to the people at laige to
exempt banks' enjoying tlie special privilege ot circulation
from their just pioportion of the public burdens.
In oder to raise money by way of loans most easily and
cheaply, it is clearly necessary to give every possible sup-
port to the public credit. To that end, a uniform currency,
in which taxes, subseiiptions to loans, and all other ordi-
nary public dues, as well as all private dues, may be paid,
is almost if not quite indispensable. Such a currency can
be furnished by banking associations, organized under a
general act of Congress, aq suggested m my message at the
beginning of the present session. The securing of this cir-
culation by the pledge ot United States bonds, a* therein
suggested, would still further facilitate loans, by increasing
the present and causing a future demand for such bonds.
In view of the actual financial embarrassments of the
Government, and ot the greater emb.urasfinents sure to
comc if the necessary means of lelicf he not aifoided, I feel
that I should'not perform my duty by a simple announce-
ment of my approval of the joint resolution which proposes
relief only by increasing circulation, without expressing my
earnest desire that measures, such in substance as those I
have just refened to, may receive the early sanction of
Congress.
By such measures, in my opinion, will payment be most
certainly sceurcd, not only to the Army and Navy, but to
all honest creditors of the Government, and satisfactory
provision made for future demands on the Treasury.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
January 17,18G3.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. And printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion will be referred to the Committee on Finance,
if there be no objection. Is there a motion made
to print it?
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  __
[IOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 19, 18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
APPROPRIATIONS FOII DAKOTA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary; of the Interior, inclosing estimates of ap-
propriations for the Territory of Dakota; which
was referred to theCommitteeofWaysand Means,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories for the introduction of bills
on leave for reference only, such bills not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has several times
refused to take consent on this call, as this is the
only opportunity for business of this description.
BUREAU OF EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ELIOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to establish a bureau of emanci-
pation.
Mr. COX. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Under this call, bills can be
introduced for reference only, and an objection
does not avail.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the select committee on
emancipation.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing, was received from the
President, by Mr. Njcolay, his Private Secretary.
Also, a message announcing that the President
had approved and signed a bill and resolutions of
the House, as follows:
An act (No. 587) to provide for the imprison-
ment of persons convicted of crimes by the crim-
inal court of the District of Columbia;
Joint resolution (No. 130) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of J.
W. Knaggs, administrator of Whitmore Knaggs;
Joint resolution (No. 126) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Thomas B. King;
Joint resolution (No. 127) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Arthur Edwards, and others;
Joint resolution (No. 128) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of George Yates;
Joint resolution (No. 129) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Joshua Eddy's heirs; and
Joint resolution (No. 133) to provide for the
immediate payment of the Army and Navy of the
United States.
WASHINGTON THEATER COMPANY.
Mr. TRAIN introduced a bill to incorporate
the Washington Theater Company; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
MARYLAND GRIEVANCES.
Mr. MAY. I wish to inquire whether I am at
liberty to present a memorial.
The SPEAKER. Memorials can be filed un-
der the rule.
Mr. MAY. This is a memorial relating to a
grievance of the entire people ofthe State of Mary-
land.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
any distinction in the rule in regard to memorials.
This call is only for bills for reference.
Mr. MAY. I ask the consent of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias declined this
morning to entertain any request for unanimous
consent during this call, for there is no other time
provided by the rules for this business. The
Clerk will read the part of the 130th rule referring
to it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" And the Speaker shall first call the States and Territo-
ries for bilU on leave; and all bills so introduced during the
first hour after the Journal is read >liaU be referred, without
debate, to their appropriate committees: Provided, however,
That a bill so introduced and leferred shall not be brought
back into the flou^e upon a motion to reconsider."
The SPEAKER. The chair has refused to
entertain requests for unanimous consent, for the I
reason that there is no other time assigned to this
business, and consent can be had at any time.
EMANCIPATION IN MARYLAND.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill giving aid to
the State of Maryland for the purpose of securing
the abolishment of slavery in said State; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the committee on emancipation.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIM. ; .. t „
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a billRelating,
to the Arroya de San Antonio land claim in tib#
State of California; which was read a first aftd 9efe 
ond time, and referred to the Committee on th#
Judiciary. -
MASSACHUSETTS AND MAINS ACCOUNTS.,
Me. PIKE introduced a bill in relation to the
accounts ofthe States ofMassachusettsandMainie?
which was read a first and second time* and: re**
ferred to the Committee of Claims, * •
THE REVENUE LAW.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill amendatory o£
the revenue law; which was read a first and,sec-
ond time, a.nd referred to the Committee of Way*
and Means.
ARMY REGISTER,
Mr. WASHBURNE introduced a joint reso-
lution appropriating $5,000 for the purpose of com-
piling a register of the whole of the forces of the
United States Army; which was read a first and.
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
NAVY PAYMASTERS' CLERKS.
Mr. SEGAR introduced a bill to regulate-the
pay of clerks of paymasters in the Navy; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
COLUMBIA DEAF AND DUMB INSTITUTION.
Mr. ROLLINS, ofNew Hampshire,introduced
a bill to amend an act to incorporate the Colum-
bia Institution for the instruction of the deaf and
dumb and the blind, and to make an appropria-
tion for the benefit thereof; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
PERRY E. BROCCHUS.
Mr. WATTS introduced a joint resolution pro-
viding for the payment of the salary due to Perry
E. Brocchus as associate justice of the supreme
court ofthe Territory of Ne w Mexico; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
FOREIGN RELATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the bill in relation to our foreign relations, re-
portedfrom the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
postponed to this day.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to
urge this subject now on the attention of the
House. I do not know that the present condition
of our foreign affairs calls for any urgency of ac-
tion in regard to it. I should like to have the
subject postponed, as it may have some signifi-
cance before the session closes. I move, there-
fore, that it be postponed till the second Monday
in February.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
Mr. FENTON. I am directed by the special
committee on the construction of a military and
postal road between this'crty and New York, to
introduce the following resolutions:
2lesoJi>e<J, That the Postmaster General be directed to
communicate to this House the amount paid by tho Post
Office Department for the transportation of the mails be-
tween the city of New Yoik and the city of Washington,
for the last four years.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the amount that lias been paid sincc
the Ineaking out of the rebellion, to the various railroad
companies between New York city and the city of Wash
ington, for the transportation of troops and munitions of war
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. COX. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the House of Representatives the amount of
revenue derived ftom the sale of the hides, hoofs, horns, and
tallow, since the rebellion commenced, specifying particu-
larly the number (in figures) and pounds sold, and to whom ;
whether by contract or sale; the amount of money received,
(with the names of the contractors or purchasers, as the
case may be.) from said contractors or purchasers within
tho limits or terutory of what is known as the ancient Dis-
trict ot Columbia; al«o, the number ot cattle slaughtered
for the ai my ofthe Potomac outside the said District, except
the foregoing, the amount of money received, and also tf e
manner ot contracting for the sale of the hides, hoofs, horns,
and tallow of said animals, the persons to whom sold, and
how. and to whom, said money has been paid; and also <o
