382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
inform .the House .of Representatives whether or not, in his
judgment, there cannot beabettei and thoroughly oigamzed
plan by which a iarge and increased revenue can be dei ived
from the sale of the hides, hoofs, horns, and tallow ob-
tained from cattle slaughtered by the employes of the Gov-
ernment.
- Mr. LOVEJOY. I shall object to that resolu-
tion. It would require the employment of a large
clencal'forc6.-
 .Mr.- WASHBURNE. I hope my colleague
wilt .withdraw his objection, and let the resolution
go-to the committee on Government contracts.
We have already had some information on that
subject.
Mr.^IOX. I am entirely content, so that there
be some examination of the matter.
M . LOVEJOY. I withdraw mj'-objection, on
condition that the resolution shall he referred.
The quostion was taken; and the resolution was
referred to the committee on Government con-
tracts.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Navy not to receive and accept
League Island, unless Congress shall otherwise
order.
Mr. MePHERSON. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I supposed that I had the
right to introduce the joint resolution under the
call of States for bills for reference.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had intro-
duced it when his State was called, he would have
had the right to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut will have leave to introduce his
joint resolution, as that leave was given to every
member of th  House who asked for it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I supposed I had the consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution; and
having such consent, I introduced this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand. That is the question which the Chair
was putting; to the House when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McPherson] objected.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understood I had consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution under
the call of States.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had pre-
sented it when his State was called, objection
would not prevail. As he did not do so, he can
only introduce it by consent,
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce it.
Mr. McPHEREON. I object.
NON-PAYMENT OF TROOPS.
Mr. WIClvLIFPE, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai inform this House
why he has not responded to the resolution of the House
of the lltli December, 1852, requesting information as to
what regiments of volunteers have not been paid, and other
matters embraced in said resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
HON. JOHN* B. ROGERS.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the petition of John B. Rogers,
praying to be admitted to a seat in this House as
a member from the State of Tennessee, with pa-
pers pertaining1 thereto, and ask that they may
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
The petition and papers were accordingly re-
ceived and referred.
WISCONSIN AND FOX RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr, SLOAN, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; winch was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs is re
quested to inquire into and leportupon thepnictie ibiiityand
probable cost and time required to improve the Wisconsin
and Fox rivers, so a-? to give an uninterrupted navigation
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan for vessels of
war two hundred feet in length, thirty-lour feet beam, and
diawmg not less than mx feet of water; and also to report
such other facts relating to the defense of the lakes, and a
mutable naval station or stations thereon, as they may deem
advisable for the ijifoi mat urn of this House.
MARYLAND GRIEVANCES-—-AGAIN.
Mr. MAY. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to give way to ma for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. For what purpose ?
Mr. MAY. 1 will state to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that my object is to present a me-
morial which comprehends a grievance as exten-
sive as the whole State of Maryland.
Mr. STEVENS. That may be presented under
the rule.
Mr. MAY. I am perfectly aware of that; but
I desire simply to state the character of the me-
morial.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. MAY. Let me say to the gentleman that
the memorial is not of that class to which he
usually objects.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not object to the cIpsp.
\ object to the instrument through which it comes.
I want a loyal man.
Mr. ELIOT. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman to wait to
hear read the proposition I have to present.
Mr. PENDLETON. Nos sir; I object to its
being read.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I will then insist upon my
motion to go into committee for the purpose of
considering the finance bill. Before the vote is
taken upon the motion, however, I ask the House
to extend the general debate upon that bill in
; committee until the further orders of the House.
| The time was accordingly extended.
| DEFICIENCY BILL.
! On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
; consent, House bill No. 617, to supply deficien-
; cies in the appropriations for the service of the
, fiscal year ending June 30,1863, with theamend-
• menu of the Senate thereto, was taken from the
I Speaks't''^ table,and referred to the Committee of
S Ways and Means.
| MILITARY ACADEMY BIU..
I On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
] consent, llouse bill No. 611, to make pppropri-
i ations for the support of the Military Academy
! for the year ending June 30,1864, with the amend-
: ments of tlu> Senate thereto, was taken from the
Speaker's fable, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
LEAGUE ISLAND AGAIN.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the objection to the
Ij resolution of the gentleman from Connecticut
i [Mr. Enclisii] will be withdrawn, it is a sub-
i! ject that requires action.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Pettn-
|l syivania objects. The Chair will say to the gen-
|i tleman from Connecticut that consent is never
considered asgiven to any proposition until K has
been reported to the House. After the proposi-
tion has been read, if there be still no objection,
the decisionals then considered as final. The
proposition of the gentleman from Connecticut
was objected to ns soon as rtad.
Mr. ENGLISH. I inferred so, inasmuch as the
same courtesy 1 asked has been accorded to every
other gentleman under similar circumstances.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask for the vote upon
my motion to go mtoCommitteeot the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
! So the rules were suspended, and the House
| resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
j the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in the chair,)
I and resumed the consideration of the bill of the
! House (No. 659) to provide ways and means for
; tUcsupportof tlie Government, to which an amend-
' mcnt, in the nature of a substitute, proposed by
I Mr. .Stevens, was pending, the question imme-
| diately before the committee being on the motion
i of Mr. Hooper to amend the substitute of Mr.
i Stevens, as follows:
■ Strike out all after the word u that" and in«eit:
! The Secretary ofthe Tiea*uiy is heresy authorized to bor-
row, on the credit o} the. United State-, from tune totune,
■ ami in Mich amounts n«s shall be needed for the service of
: the current and next fiscal year, m -men forms and at such
1 rate® of interest, not exceeding percent, per annum, as,
in hi* judgment.the public lateiestmay require, the mum of
$900,000,000. and to i^sue for any part of tnat amount cou-
j pon or icgist'ered bond*, payable in com at any tune after
■ twenty years ftom date, at the pleasure of the Government,
l or bond^j pa} able air-rany legs time tnan twenty years, or
■ TieaMiry note, piyable In lawful money at bi>v time not
over three years from date, bearing interest not over six per
cent, payable in like manner. And any prnt of that amount
requited by the exigencies of the public service to pav the
Annv and Navy, and other cieditors of the Government,
may be issued in-United States notes, not bearing inteiesr,
payable to bearer at the Tieasury of the United States, of
such denominations, not less than one dollar, as tiie Secre-
laiy of the Treasury may deem expedient- The bonds is-
sued under the authojityof this actshall he of such denom-
inations not less than fifty dollar*, and the TieaMiry notes
of such denominations not less than ten dollars, as may he
determined by the Secretary of the Treasui v ; and ilie inter-
est on paid bonds shall be paid semi-annually in com, and
on said Treasury notes in lawful money, at such time or
times as may he expressed on their face.' The Secretary of
the Treaeuiy may dispose of said boiuK andTien->urynote<?
at such tunes and at such ratos^ notices than t ai. as he may
deem ben, for lawful money of the United State*, or for any
indebtedness, of the United States, and they shall be ex-
empt from taxation by or under any State laws. The agjrj fi-
xate amount of all bond4-, Treasury notes, and United States
notes together, outstanding under this act, shall not exceed,
at any one tune, the Mini oi $900,000,000.
Spc.2. Andbt ilfwither enacted, Tnat the Treasury notes
authoiized by this-act, with the accrued interest thereon,
shall be receivable at par at all tunes ibr internal taxes and ail
other dues to tne United States, except duties on impoits,
and may be exchanged at theTreasuiv of the United States
at any tune, undei such rules as may he prescribed by the
Secrctaiy of the Treasury, for an equal amount of the Uni-
ted States notes, not healing interest, as atoie-aid; and
when returned to the Treaty Department and canceled,
the Secretary ol the'Treasury may i*sue Treasury notes or
United States notes, of the same amount, in place ot them.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That the United States
notes, not bearing interest, authorized to he issued by thi<*
aer, shall be lawful money and a legal tender in payment of
all debts, public and piivate, within the United Siate*, ex-
cept for duties on iinpoit* ami interest on the public debt,
and any of said notes may be leisMied, trom tune to time,aa
the exigencies of the pu'bhc «eivice may require, and new
note* may be i-sued in place of any notes issued or to he
issued, which have been oi maybe leturued and canceled.
£f,e. 4. And be it further enacted, Tint an> bonds that
have been heietoioie or that may heieafter be issued by
and on the faith of the Government of the United States,
shall be deemed to be dm1 and payable in coin at any time,
at the pleaMiie of the Government of the Umt-'d States,
after th.e period designated m the bonds for the pa\ ment of
the same.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Ticrwuy N heieby authon/.ed to icceive deposits of
coin and bullion vvifh the TreaMireroi any A^istant Treas-
urer ofthe United State*, in sums not less than twenty
dollar, and to i?*ue iccipt- therefor in denominations of
not less than twenty dollars each, and corresponding with
the denominations of the Government notes not bearing
inteiest; the coin deposited for or representing said re-
ceipts shall be ietain< d In the Treusui v for the payment of
Mich leeeipts on demand, and for no other purpose what-
ever, except that such receipts representing com held in the
Treasury for payment or inteieston the public debt may
be issued m payment of Mich interest to an extent not be-
yond one fifth more than the amount of coin in the Treasury,
and such receipts shall be received at par in payment for
dunes on imports as coin.
Sec. 6 And be it further enacted, That to piovent and
punish counterfeiting and fiaudu lent alteration* of the bonds
and notesauthonzed to be issued by thi^ net. all the piovis-
ions of the sixth and seventh sections of the act entitled
'•An aet to authorize the U*ue of United ^tate* notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for funding the
tloutmg debt of the United Stales,'' approved tVOiuary 25,
18G2, fco far as applicable, shall apply to the bonds and notes
authorized to be issued by thi* act in like manner as if the
said sixth and seventh sections were adopted as additional
sections theteof.
Sep 7. And bcitfurther enacted, That in addition to the
notes iess than one dollat, commonly called postage cur-
rency, already United, or hereauei to be issued, the Sec-
retaty of the Trea uiy may issue fractional note-* of like
amounts, piepared, encnaved, and punted under the direc-
tion ofthe S^'cieiary in theTreasuiy Department building,
and said fractional notes may be exchanged lor said postage
curiencyand foi United Slates notes, and shall be jece.v-
abie in payment of dues for customs not exceeding one dol-
!ai,andofall otherdues to the United States not exceeding
three dollais.
Sec. 8. AnA bo it further enacted, Tli.1t the sum* neces-
sary to eauy into efi>et the piovisions of this art, not ex-
ceeding §600,U00, are hereby appropriated.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, our immediate
financial position is capable of a very condensed
■ w pply "
. It
said wecannotborrowit. As we are the sovereign,
we propose to make it. We have not the metals
for its coinage, and propose to substitute paper
for it.
We are met with two very great difficulties. It
is s?id that we already have an immense over-
issue of this currency, and a consequent very
alarming depreciation of it. As these, difficulties
are to be met in the adoption of any plan, I pro-
pose briefly to discuss them. Is there this large
over-issue ; and is the currency depreciated as
claimed? It is said that there is this depreciation
because of the redundancy; and the redundancy
is proved by the depreciation—a convenient mode
of argument, certainly.
In my brief service on this floor, I was never
more interested and,as I think, mor^ benefitcd.than
statement. We want an illimitable supply of
money. Our revenue will not furnish it. ft is
