1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
illlfll
Mr. FISHER moved to amend by striking out j
all of the second section after the enacting clause,
down to the proviso in line forty-four, as follows:
Sec. 2. .Smf he if. further enacted, That on ;tnd atret the
1st <l<iv of May, 1863. no pei.-on or person? shall offW foi
sale any iotlciy ticket, or fractional patt theieof, or any
token. oeitilicate. !)i device lepiesentingoi intended to ivp-
lesent aiotteiy ticketoi hactional patt thereof, in any foun.
representing the holder, oi any person, as entitled, or to be
entitled, in any lotteiy scheme or game of hazard or chance
to be drawn, to anv prize oi share of money, or other amele
of value, or any fractional pait theieof, without affixing
thereto an adheaive stamp or s-tamps denottug the duly im-
posed by this act, and in default theieof shall mcui a pen-
alty of ten dollars; and no piizc diawn to or by any ticket,
or fractional part theieof, as aforesaid, shall be demanded
or jecoveied by any legal proceedings or othei wise without
the ticket or fractional pait thereof shall have been duly
btamped at the time of the sale thereof. Proi ided, That, in
addition to all othei penalties and foi tenure* now imposed
by law for evasion of stamp duties, anv person who shall
putchase oi icceive any tottery ticket, or token,certificate,
or device i epte-'enting or intended to rcpiescut a lottery
ticket, ot fsactional pait thereof, without fitsthavinsi there
on the stamp Imposed by this tiot, may leeoverftoni the pei-
fon of whom tiie ticket, or fractional pait thereof, vvtu pur-
cha.sed or received, at an> time within two yeats thereafter,
befoie any cointot competent jtu isdietion, the full amount
paid for such ticket or Pactional patt thereof, as aforesaid,
together with ju^t and legal eo.-ts : Pruvuhdfurther, That
the stamp duty herein provided lot shall be classed in the
act to winch this act is an amendment under schedule B,
as follow--, to wit: lotterj ticki ti, tokens, oi ccititieates,
in any tot m, representing the holder, or any peison or per-
sonr, as entitled, or to bo entitled, in any lottery scheme
or came or hazatd or chance, heicaiter to be drawn, to any
piizc or shaie of money, oi other aiticlo of value, or any
fractional part thereof, when sueh ticket, token, oi certifi-
cate, or any fractional pait thereof, shall not exceed the
retail priee of one dollar, ten cents. When sueh ticket,
token, or eeitificate, or any fractional part theieof, shall
exceed the letail pi ice of one dollai, for each and every
dollar, or fractional part theicot, ovoi and above one dollar,
as befoie mentioned, an additional ten cents.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following::
That on ami aflei the In dav of Ma\, 1833, no person or
per-ons. association, firm, or corporation shall make, sell,
or offer foi sale, oi di-poseof any lotteiy ticket or fractional
pait thejrof. oi unv policy of numbers in any lotteiy, or
any token, eeitificate, oi device lepresenting Oi intending
to represent the holder or any other person or prison" as
entitled, oi to be entitled, in any lotteiy, lottery scheme,
or game o"'hazaid ot chance, to be diawn, to any prize or
shate or p.irt of a ptize, or any sum, or p.nt ot Miaie of
any sum of inonej, oi othei article ot value, or any frac-
tional pait tlx itof, without affixing thcieto an adhesive
stamp or stamps denoting the duty to lie imposed by this act,
and in default thereof shall incur a penally of fifty dollais
for  *acli ar.it eveiy such offense ; aim m  pu/.e or pait ot a
prize diaun to or l>y any ticket, fractional pait thereof,
token, eeitificate, or device as aforesaid, and no sum ot
money ot thim' of value made pavable or delivciable upon
any share oi investment or usk in oi upon any policy of
numbets «hall he demanded or recovered by any legal pro-
ceeding* oi othei wise, without the ticket or fractional part
thereof or policy of numbers, token, certificate or device
shall have been duly stamped at the time of the making,
sale, or dehvety, ot disposal theieof: Provided, That in ad-
dition to all other penalties and forleituies now imposed bv
law for the evasion of stamp duties, any person who shall
purchase, obtain, or receive any lotteiy ticket or frac-
tional pai t thereof, or any token, certificate or device rep-
resenting ot intending to lepiesent a lottery ticket or nac-
tional pait theieof, or any policy of nutnbeis, without first I
having thereon the stamp imposed by this act, may leeover ]
from the per-ou ofwhom the same was pin chafed, obtained, j
ot rwen rd. at anv turn within throe years theicattcr, butoic I
any court ot competent jut isdietion, a sum equal to tvy lee the
amountpud for said tiekef or fractional pait thereof, token. <
certificate, or device, or staked or Invested in or upon any ;
poticv ot numbers, as atore-aid, with ju-t and legal eo.>-ts: 1
Provided f mi her, That the stamp duty heieiu piovnied for i
shall be classed in the actio which this act is an amendment, 1
under .schedule II, as follows, to wit : lotteiy tielwis, liae- 1
t.onal parts of lottery tickets, policies ofnuirtbeis in lotteries, !
tokens, certificates, ordevice.s, in any form repiesenftny the ,
holder or any person or persons as entitled or to be entitled !
In any lottery .scheme, or game of hazard or chance here- \
after to be drawn, to any piizc or portion of a prize or sum ;
of money, or shaie thereof, or other other aitiele of value, ;
orany poition or share thereof, when such ticket, fractional i
part of a ticket, policy ot numbers, token, certificate, orde- j
vice Miall not exceed one dollar in the amount risked ot m !
the retail puce thereof, fifty cents. When xueh ticket, j
fractional patt ofaticket, policy, token, certificate, or de- 1
vice shall exec ed one dollar in the amount risked, or in the I
retail pric thereof, then for each and every dollar or frac- i
tional past theieof over and above one dollar, as befoie men- j
tioned, an additional fitty cents. i
Mr. FISHER. The difference between the j
amendment 1 have proposed and the hill as it now I
stands is, in the first place, that my amendment ,
is more carefully guarded than in the second sec- j
tton of this bill; m the second place, it increases ;
the penalty incurred for a violation of the law; l
and in the third place, it increases the stamp tax
which is imposed by the bill.
As was justly and truly remarked by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means last
night, there is no class upon earth who make so
much out of nothing as those engaged in the man-
agement of lottery schemes and the sale of lottery
tickets.
For that reason, and believing that this class
of persons are able to bear the tax which is pro-
posed to be imposed upon them by the amend-
ment I have offered, [offered the amendment. If
ii he that to lay this burden upon them is more
than they can bear, I shall be the more rejoiced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely rise
to oppose the amendment pro forma. I do not
wish to consume the time of the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 move to amend
by inserting, in lieu of section four, the following:
•And he it further enacted, That all contracts for the pur-
chase or sale of gold and silvei coiuofthe United States, if to
be peifoimed at a period exceeding three days and not ex-
ceeding ten days, shall be in writing or printed, signed by
the patties or their agents or attorneys, and saidcontiact
.shall beai one or moie adhesive stamps, as piovided in the
act to which this is an amendment, equal in amount to one
fomth of one per cent, of the amount of the contract,
which amount shall be estimated by the lawtul currency ot
the United States And if said contract is not to be per-
formed within a period often da vs. then said contract shall
be a stamp or stamps to an amount equal' to one pel cent,
thereof: Pro tided, That nothing hciciu contained shall ap-
ply to any transaction by oi with the fioveiument of the
United .States. That all loans of money orcutrcncy upon
the collateral security of gold or silver com ot the United
States shall be in wiitmg or printed, signed bv th" patties
or their agents or attorneys, ami sueh loans shall in no case
exceed the par value of such gold or silver coin in lawful
money or cuiicncy of the United States.
Section five, strike out the words •' bullion or "
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
it is a great privilege now-a-duys to get an oppor-
tunity to say anything here upon the subject to
which this amendment relates. Indeed, I am sur-
prised that I am permitted to oppose the amend-
ment. I do not know but before proceeding J shall
require a moment to recover from my astomsh-
ment and collect my ideas. This amendment,
although, of coarse, not intended for any puch
purpose, seems to me directly in the interest or'the
gold brokers and gold betters, as they are called,
the men buying and selling and holding gold. I
believe that in just so far as an attempt is made by
legislation to control or fetter the action of the
laws of trade and value, just so far distrust will
be engendered and increased in the public mind,
and just so far will our unsubstantial system of
paper be agitated and tremble like an aspen leaf
more and more. The laws of trade and values
under which gold has gone up to one hundred and
seventy-two, are as uncontrollable by legislation
as the laws of gravitation or the laws of music.
You mightas well attempt to regulate by law, dis-
cords in musical harmony. You might as well
attempt to abiidge the laws of gravitation, as to
attempt to say that gold shall go up or paper go
down to a certain point and there stop. When
you enact that men shall put their contracts in
writing or print, upon paper enormously stamped,
and only hypothecate gold at par, that our citizens
shall be harassed by penal and qui fa?n actions for
making use of the com of the country, you only
display an impotent opposition to the irresistible
truth that gold and silver coin, like other property,
is of inextinguishable value because it represents
the cost of production, which paper does not and
never can.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, here made
a suggestion which was inaudible tothe reporters.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. J recollect that
a good many attempts have been made upon this
same principle. I recollect that ttwas enacted by
lawsome time or otherthatthe people in the coun-
try from which my friend comes should not chew
tobacco, and the jaws of New England's sons
have ached from that day to this. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Chairman, I simply want, as one
member of this House, to put on record the belief
which I have stated, aim to enter my protest
against the idea that we can keep down gold and
prevent its going up to two hundred and fifty or
three hundred, or wherever it is destined to go
under the wild policy that rules the hour, by legis-
lation, or by attempting to hamper legally those
men who choose to invest in gold and silver coin
91* bullion.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out the last
clause of the amendment, which is not at all ger-
mane to the matter before the House, the object
being to prohibit dealing in gold.
Now, sir, I have not been particularly noted for
voting for the measures of the Secretary of the
Treasury, but I promise here that if the Secretary
of the Treasury wiiPsay to the House that it is
necessary, in order to carry his financial schemcs
into successful operation, tljat Congress shalJTe-
gislate against dealing in gold, I wiU'ffo Por h; but
when I do so I want to do it "dire-ctfy, with full
opportunity for the discussion of so important^
matter, and not by an incidental provision in-
jected into a revenue tax bill. The effect of the
last portion of this amendment is that men shall
not borrow in gold beyond the par value tn Treas-
ury notes. ' -  
Now, whether it be or be not against- your
financial policy to allow dealing in gold, when
that question is met, I want to have it met by a
bill to prohibit dealing in gold,and ^otiri this in-
direct, informal, and improper manner.
Mr. LOOMIS. Mr. Chairman, I think the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Roscqe Conkling]
is wrong iq some of his notions in legard to the
laws of trade regulating this matter of gold, I
think the price of gold has been seriously affected
by mere gambling operations of the most perni-
cious character. It is well known that instead
of a legitimate trade in gold—which I do not ob-
ject to—the transactions of late have been of such
a character as to make gold a mere fancy stock
that these speculators can raise or depress at pleas-
ure, and they have artfully used the hopes and
fears of patriots as well as the wishes of rebels for
the purpose of affecting the price of gold, and they
have thus speculated in the glory ana shame ofthe
country.
It is well known how they have started and cir-
culated the most astounding reports of disasters to
our arms for the purpose of suddenly throwing up
gold in the market in order to make large sums of
money by the effect of a* he. And what is most
pernicious and shameful is that there is no real
gold in these transactions at all. There is notso
much as a homoeopathic globule of gold in these
transactions. There is not even a photograph of a
genuine gold piece for a vignette upon their con-
tracts. It is well known that single firms have
sold as much as a million dollars of gold at a single
transaction, at a single meeting of the Board of
Biokers, and no one supposes that they had any
such amount of gold. The real nature of sucn
transactions is similar to a bet between the parties.
They are contracts on time. One party bets that
on a certain day—say in thirty days—gold wiii be
cheaper, and the other bets that it will rise. If it
does, then the loser pays the difference in paper
money, but no real gold is delivered in pursuance
of the contract.
Mr.F A. CONKLING. I understand the gen-
tleman from Connecticut to affiim that the pre-
mium ongold is purely speculative and imaginary.
Mr. LOOMIS. I do not say purely so, but I
say that it is in a gieat measuie owing to the op-
erations of speculators.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. How then does the
gentleman accountforthepremium on foreignex-
change, say 187or 188 for exchange on England?
Mr. LOOMIS. I do not mean to say that the
rise in the price of gold, or what is called the rise
in the price of gold, (for I think the expression is
erroneous,) is entirely owing to that, but?* I say
that it is one prominent cause of it. There are
several other causes which contribute to affect the
price of gold, which it is not my purpose now to
mention.
Mr.THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would ask
the gentleman whether the sales of stocks gener-
ally in the market do not proceed in exactly the
same manner?
Mr. LOOMIS. All fancy stocks (as they are
called) I suppose are managed m a similar man-
ner. But I was going to mention another inci-
dent. I have seen a case stated m the newspapers
where a man who was only worth $20,000 in pa-
per bought gold at thirty-one per cent, premium
and sold it for forty-one per cent, premium, clear-
ing $40,000 by the transaction, and he was not
worth more than $20,000 in paper money ! That
is the nature of these transactions, and I think we
ought, if we can by any legitimate legislation, to
restrain these gambling transactions; and whether
our object be one of restraint or otherwise, there
is mi leason why these men should escape a just
taxation" on a business so profitable to them.
The question was taken on Mr. Pomeroy's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I move to amend
by striking out the latter half of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Vermont. Mr.
Chairman, I do notoften differ with my oolleague,
