THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 19.
present need, from this project. Too late ? Whose
fault is it? The plan has been before us more than
a twelvemonth; and if it is too late for to-day, the
fault is the crime of those who raise this cry.
We uo not.expect to go down and perish under
the calamities of to-day; and it will -be in abund-
ant time for to-morrow.
The very able gentleman before me, [Mr. Mor-
rill,'of Vermont,] in an able adverse analysis of
this plan, rested his main objection to it because
it.proposed indebtedness as a basis of banking,
which he called an "atmospheric basis." Pray,
sir, what other basis have you now for banking,
save these very Treasury notes, with which the
gentleman proposes to heap the weary earth, and
which inevitably render any other basis an im-
possibility? This was also reiterated by my friend
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield,] in his rather
declamatory speech. He also discovered another
fatal objection, the prevailingone I fear with many.
It was the plan of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and he would submit to no dictation, not he. Com-
ing from the head of a Department, to show his
independence he must go against it, of course.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman, withliis permission, that I said no such
thing.
Mr. RIDDLE. Well, sir, I only know that in
commenting on the conversation between the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mi^ Roscor. Con'kuvc,]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] concerning this very plan of the Sec-
retary, which my friend from Rhode Island was
then declaiming against, he declared with a round-
ed emphasis and hands uplifted as if to heaven,
that he in an especial manner would not be dic-
tated to. I may have misunderstood the gentle-
man, and I have not delectated myself with read-
inghis remarks in the Globe.' To my,notion the
florid figures of rhetoric and other, of a late Secre-
tary of the Treasury on this subject, furnish better
and lighter reading.
But, sir, 1 only rose to offer some remarks sug-
gested by the very profitable speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Walker] upon
the excess of the currency and its depreciation—
matteis which I thought were too much taken for
granted—and I have been inadvertently led into
these later and more unconsidered remarks. With
my present information and views, it is my pur-
pose to support the plan of the Secretary of the
Treasury, or some plan based upon the principles
involved in it, and it is not the least merit with
me that it is the plan of the Secretary.
Mr. HOOPER. In the remarks 1 had the honor
to submit to the House at the last session of Con-
gress, I stated that three measures had been con-
sidered which were, to some extent, connected
together, and formed a comprehensive system by
which it was believed the Government would be
enabled to negotiate its loans and pay for whatever
was required and necessary to the successful pros-
ecution of this war.
The first of those measures was the issue of
Government notes to be used as currency and
made a legal tender.
The second was the tax bill, which, together
with the tariff on imports, should insure an amount
of $150,000,000 of revenue.
The third was a national banking law, to re-
quire the deposit of United States stock as secu-
rity for any notes for currency issued by the banks
organized under that law.
The issue of the Government notes for currency
is universally popular; they have not only assisted
the Government by furnishing large amounts to
the Treasury, without any cost for interest, but
they have aided the commerce and trade of the
country to an extent beyond the expectations of
the most sanguine ad vocatesoftbe measure. They
have given to the country a currency that is rec-
ognized as money in every portion of our domain
over which the control of the Government ex tends.
They have satisfied every purpose for which a
currency is needed by the people, and they have
proved to be in every respect such a currency as
the people are entitled to and have a right to de-
mand that the Government should provide them
at this time. The people ask for more of it be-
cause the actual result of its use has shown that
more of it is required for the purposes of the trade
of the country, and because a further issue of it
is necessary, and will be beneficial to the public
service.
The tax bill is now in successful operation, and
it is believed that the revenue derived from itand
from the tariff on imports will much exceed the
estimates then made, of $150,000,000, without
bearing oppressively on any of the industrial in-
terests of the country. This has given to ths
bonds of the Government the character of sure
interest-paying securities, which is all that is
asked by capitalists, who are content with the
fact that ample provision is made for the interest,
so that the bonds are sure to yield them revenue.
They would prefer that the bonds should never
be paid; because, when peace is established, it is
certain any holder of the bonds can obtain more
by selling them to another, who wishes to buy,
than he would receive by having them paid off at
par. Capital will seek them for investment be-
cause your revenue bills insure that the interest
is certain, and is always to be paid in a currency
equivalent to coin.
The remaining one of the three measures to
perfect this system is the national banking law,
which will permanently establish a uniform and
secure system of banking throughout the whole
country. It has been urged as an objection to the
proposed banking law that, so far as the Govern-
ment was benefited, the object was attained by the
circulation of the United Statesnotesforcurrency;
the amount of those notes in circulation being in
fact a loan from the people to the Government
without interest, which should never be given up
for the benefit of private associations or individ-
uals. Those who introduced the law authorizing
the issue of the United States notes, urged its
passage only as a temporary expedient to meet
the exigencies of the time, anil not as a permanent
measure. The Constitution wisely contemplated
that gold and silver should be the permanent cur-
rency of the country; and though the Constitu-
tion does not prohibit the national Government,
it does prohibit the State governments from is-
suing any bills of credit for circulation as money.
The States have, however, authorized the creation
of banks with power to issue their notes to be
used as currency, in defiance of this prohibition
in the Constitution. It has been stated that the
Supieme Court has decided in favor of the right
of the State banks to issue currency. I will not
undertake to argue this point. I know the banks
have claimed it; but I understand it to be a mooted
point among lawyers whether the decisions which
are referred to went so far as to sanction this claim
of the banks. Mr. Webster said, in a speech de-
livered in 1852:
" Ttie more T reflect on this subject, the more clearly does
my mind approach the conclusion that die creation of State
banks for the purpose and with the pqwer of circulating
paper, is not consistent with the grants and prohibitions of
the Constitution."
1 believe there has been no change in the Con-
stitution on this point since.
More than fourteen hundred banks have been
established in the different States, which have
availed themselves of the power to fill all the chan-
nels of circulation, for one dollar and over, with
their notes, to be used as money. No one doubts
that by the laws under which they are established
they are obliged to redeem those notes on demand
in specie; it is a binding legal obligation upon
them. Yet they have set it at defiance whenever
circumstances rendered it expedient or convenient.
They may be said to have been specie-paying
banks when specie was notdemanded of them,or
was demanded only in small quantities; but when-
ever there was any considerable demand for specie,
they have declined to pay it, and announced to the
public that they had suspended specie payments.
The emergencies of this war have rendered it
necessary for the national Government to avail it-
self of all its resources to meet the wants of the
public service. This resource, of furnishing the
currency, is now claimed by the friends of the
Government as a fruitful source from which the
pressing needs of the Treasury at this time may
be supplied. It is just and right that it should be
demanded, and that States, and private corpora-
tions, and individuals should cheerfully yield it
at a time like this to the national Governmentfor
the common benefit and for the common welfare.
No sound argument or reason has been urged
against complying with this demand, and no true
patriot, who considers the claims of the public ser-
vice to be superior to the claims of private inter-
ests, should hesitate or oppose this demand of the
Government.
The friends of the Government proposed the
issue of notes for currency convertible into Gov-
ernment six percent, bonds as a temporary meas-
ure, with the view of establishing banks under a
uniform national law as a permanent system, with
authority to.issue for currency their bills secured
by a pledge of public stocks and convertible on
demand into the lawful money of the country,
with the purpose of aiding now in sustaining the
value of the Government bonds, and of furnish-
ing hereafter, when peace is restored, suitable
institutions to cooperate with and assist the Gov-
ernment in gradually withdrawing from circula-
tion all the Government notes, and substituting
for them the notes of sound, specie-paying banks
established and controlled unaer this uniform na-
tional law. The proposed bank law is, in my
opinion, so necpssarily connected with the sub-
ject of the bill now before the House that I can-
not avoid discussing them together. They were
sent to us by the Secretary of the Treasury as one
bill; and I trust I may be permitted to discuss
them as parts of one system.
My friend from Vermont, who says there is not
one word about specie in this bank bill which the
Secretary of the Treasury has prepared, and which
the President, in his recent message to Congress,
recommends to be passed, ought surely to have
known that when he had consented to authorize
the Secretary of theTreasury to issue §300,000,000
of legal tender notes in addition to $300,000,000
authorized at the last session to be lawful money
like coin, that it was therefore necessary to use
the term " lawful money" in this bill instead of
" coin." Hereafter, when the Government notes
are withdrawn from circulation, as we all hope
tht y will be in some not far distant time of peace,
the term " lawful money" will mean and will be
specie, and nothing but specie.
The measures which are advocated as an altern-
ative to this scheme of Government notes and a
natio lal banking law by many members of this
House, and by many connected with banks out
of this House, are, in effect, a scheme to restore
the old and exploded " pet bank system," as it
was called, and to go back to the system of paper
currency that existed in the war of 1812.
I know too well the conservative and sound finan-
cial opinions of many of those who advocate this
to suppose that they would intentionally favor
such a scheme. But I believe that, in the warmth
with which they oppose the policy of the Gov-
ernment notes and the national banks, they have
not considered where this proposed alternative
would lead. Take the proposition to negotiate
bonds at market rates and withdraw the Govern-
ment notes from circulation. I ask any intelligent
bank managers how that amount of loans could
be paid for under such circumstances in any other
way than by inscribing the amount to the credit
of the Government on the books of the banks to
be drawn against as required for the public ser-
vice, and the drafts paid in the irredeemable issues
of the banks.
It should be remembered that the " wild cat"
banking, as it has been termed, was established
under the present State bank system; and that the
chief difference between the banks in Wall street
and one of the so-called " wild cat banks" is not
in the system or the law under which they are
organized, but in the character and prudence and
intelligence of the gentlemen who manage them.
I wish to call the attention of the House and of
prudent bankers to this, not to stigmatize any
banks, but for the purpose of reminding them
that the Government cannot judge of, or make a
distinction between the characters of the man-
agers of banks in different States, or of the differ-
ent banks in the same State, but must treat all
alike in law, and when it adopts one bank and its
issues established under the State laws, it must
equally adopt all banks established under State
laws, those most imprudently conducted in any
part of the country as well as the soundest banks
in Wall street.
One effect that I expected from this currency
of " United States notes" has not yet been ex-
hibited U> any great extent. I refer to the fund-
ing of the notes by conversion into bonds. Pre-
vious to the check to our army on the peninsula
the conversions had for some time been more than
$500,000 a day, and the notes were sought after
for that purpose. Since then the amount of " Gov-
ernment notes" that have been issued seems to be
