1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
TMr. Pomeroy,] but I differ now as to the willing-
ness lie avows to vote for &. bill restricting trans-
actions in gold, if the Secretary of the Treasury
should recommend it. I would not vote for such
a bill, no matter by whom recommended. I think
it would be an idle attempt to defy the teachings
of all history. See what U is proposed to do. In
the first place we issue paper money. Then we
provide that everybody shall take it at par. Then
we provide that there shall be no other money;
this is done by the bank bill, and is to be done
by the tax on the circulation, which attempts are
making to f<?Vce through. And now the proposi-
tion is to forbid the use of gold and silver; and
we are told in new-fangled, mystifying phrases
that coin has become " demonetizedthat it is not
umobilized," and new terms are poured upon us
to throw dust in our eves.
Mr. Y ALL AN DIGH AM. Gold dust.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir, no dust
of that kind; any kind but that. Gold, we are
told, has become a " commodity," not money,
and therefore must be tabooed; we must prohibit
transactions in it to keep paper up; that is the
same farce that has been repeatedly played in
history.
A Member. Transactions on time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not care
whether on time or on eternity. [Laughter.] It
is just what our fathers did in the time of conti-
nental money. First they issued paper money.
Then they said that everybody should take it.
Then that everybody should take it at par. Fi-
nally, they took the same step we are about to
take, in the samefalae logic that controls us now,
and enacted that everybody that would not take
it, and would not take it at par, should be held
and treated as an enemy of his country. And
what became of it? It sank so low that it was
not worth a rye straw nor a rush; it was not worth
a shilling a peck, despite all their enactments. I
believe that if we had a law making it penal to
deal in gold, so far from doing good, it would only
augment the evil. It would spread the distrust
which the paper system has already created,and
gold would be more coveted and more hoarded,
and, of course, of higher value. Therefore, un-
like my colleague, I would not vote for pains and
penalties against gold-holders, no matter who
recommended it, not even if recommended by the
great alchemists who have revived exploded modes
of " coining false moneys from that crucible called
debt."
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Does the gentleman
recollect how long the laws of Lycurgus substi-
tuting iron money for gold had effect?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Lycurgus was
an early friend of mine, but much my senior. He
was always reserved with me about his money
matters, [laughter,] and therefore I do not know
as much about his currency as I wish I did. X he
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
says fee knows the Lycurgus alluded to, and that
he lives in Missouri. [Laughter.] I had rcfercnce
to another man.
[Merc the hammer fell.J
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
and to the amendment offered by my colleague,
[Mr. Morrill.] -I do not believe that the true way
to stop the rise in gold is to punish the man who
takes what he can get for it, or the man who gives
for it what he thinks it is worth. If we took away
the necessity of purchasing gold, then we would
reduce the price of gold; but I do not understand
this causing a temptation to buy it and then pun-
ishing the man who buys it. Besides, if I under-
stand the matter aright, it cuts off a class of short
contracts where men who deal in gold borrow to-
day and pay it back to-monow.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. Mortiili/s amendment was rejected.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by
sinking out the fourth section, as follows:
Slc. 4. *itvl be it further cnaifcd, Tluit all contracts for
the purchase or s.ile of gold or Mlvor coin of the Hutted
State-., oi bunion, ami all contracts lor th«  loan of money
or currency upon the collateral seeuiity of said coin lor the
ropajmcnMX'am Mich loan, shall be in writing or printed,
si'Micd i>\ the pat ties or their agent* or attorney!"; and if-« ud
conuuct"is to bo p"i lotmed within Uhpc day-* from the date
theieof, said contract shall hear one or more adhesive
6Ump?, provided in the act to vvlueli tins is an amend-
ment, equal in amount to one fourth of one per cent. o( the
amount of the contract, which amount shall be esumated
by the lawful currency of tlie United States. And ir said
contract is not to be performed within three days, or shall
not be performed within three days, then said contract shall
bear said stamp or stamps to an amount equal to one per
cent, thereon : Provided, however, That nothing herein con-
tained shall apply to any transaction by or with the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
White, of Indiana, and F. A. Conkling were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers partially
reported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I propose that
there shall be a separate vote in the House on this
section.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
that proposition is agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The^ vote will
be on the motion to strike out the section.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair understands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the section is
to be retained, there is another amendment which
I wish to have added to it. I move to amend by
inserting at the close of the proviso the words,
" nor to sales by miners of gold dust, or gold or
silver bullion mined and extracted by themselves
in the prosecution of the business of mining."
This is merely to exempt the California bullion or
dust from taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. In the hands of the original
producers.
During the vote by division,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by
striking out the fifrh section, as follows:
Sec 5. And he xtfurther enac/crf.Tlmt all contracts Joans,
or sates oi bullion oi «<>ld and silvei coin of the United
States not made in accordance with Huh act -hall be wholly
and absolutely void; and m addition to the penalties pio-
vnled in the art to which this ib an amendment, any party
to said contract mav, at any time within one year hom the
date of the cuntiact, hum; Mitt before any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction to recover back, for his own use and ben-
efit, the money paid on any contract not made in accord-
ance with this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the fifth section by striking out the words " bul-
lion or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If a vote is to
be taken in the House on the fourth section, it
should also be taken on this section.
The CHAIRMAN. Then, by unanimous con-
sent, a separate vote will be taken on the fifth sec-
tion in the House.
Mr. IIOOPER. I move to amend by striking
out the sixth section, and inserting a substitute
for it.
The substitute was read.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would be
glad if the gentleman would explain to us how
far this amendment affects existing law; how far
it modifies it.
Mr. HOOPER. I think there is no part of sec-
tion six, as printed, that is not embraced in the
substitute. It is drawn with more care than the
original section. Other amendments which were
considered desirable in the stamp system are also
embodied in it. One of these is in reference to
the stamp on promissory notes. It was found
that under the law there was a good deal of eva-
sion of the stamp duty. The committee has pre-
pared the substitute in a way that it is supposed
will diminish the likelihood of evasion. It also
abolishes the stamp on papers relating to soldiers'
pensions.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether this
section repeals the existing law in relation to
stamps entirely ■'
Mr. HOOPER. No,sir, notentiiely. The sub-
stitute I have offered is in substance the same as
the piiuted section of the bill. It has been more
carefully diawn and differs in some of its details.
Mr. POMEROY. I had prepared an amend-
ment to this section, and a portion of my amend-
ment is embraced in the substitute. 1 am not
sure whether it is all covered by the gentleman's
amendment or not. In regard to a bond and mort-
gage, I understand the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has decided that if it contains a power
of attorney, that must be slamped as such; it
must then be stamped as a mortgage; that the
memorandum made on it by the county clerk
must be stamped, and that it must be again
stamped as recorded in the book. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts to what extent
he has changed that rule by his amendment?
Mr. HOOPER. Under my substitute one stamp
covers the whole proceeding.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman that
I have received letters from my constituents speak-
ing of such a decision as the gentleman mentions,
and that I made inquiries on the subject, and find
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue has
not made any such decision.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Pendleton,
and Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee d ivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Imovethattho
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported thatthe
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 770) to amend an act entitled
uAn act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest on the public
debt," approved July 1, 1862, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
EMIGRANT BUREAU.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent,submitted
the following resolution; which was read, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report of the
Committee on Agriculture', in relation to an Emigrant Bu-
reau ill connection with the Department of the Interior, be
printed for the use of the members of the EIouj.e.
COURT OF CLAIMS BILL.
Mr. PORTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended so as to enable him to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the bill of thejlouse (No.
22G) to amend " An act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United States,"
approved February 24,1855, with the amendments
of the Senate thereto.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
eleven o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 27, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. If there be
no objection, I move to dispense with the reading
of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be dis-
pensed with unless its reading is demanded by
some Senator. The Chair hears no objection.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PPiESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Commissioner of the De-
partment of Agriculture, in obedience to law, ex-
hibiting the transactions of that Department for
the year 1862; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, to print twenty-
thousand additional copies, it was
Ordered, That the motion to print be referred to the Com-
mittee on Punting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of January 23, additional informa-
tion in relation to the duty on printing paper, un-
der the act of March 2, 1861; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
FRAUDS IN MILITARY CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENTp-o tempore. The Chair pre-
sents Senate bill No. 4C7, to prevent and punish
frauds on the Government of the United States,
which has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives, concurred in, with an amendment.
The amendment will be read, and the Chair will
call the attention of the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] to it.
