1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
tm
The Secretary read the amendment of the House
ofRepresentatives, to insert after the word "suit,"
at the end of the fourth section, the following:
And every such pei son shall, in addition thereto, on con-
viction in any court of competent jurisdiction, be punished
by imprisonment not less than one nor more than five years,
or by fine of not less than ,000 and not more than §5,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in this amendmentof the House
of Repiesentatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will con-
cur in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
major and brigadier generals.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ThpChairalso
presents Senate bill No. 515, to authorize an in-
crease in the number of major generals and brig-
adier generals for the forces in the service of the
United States, which has been concurred in by
the House of Representatives, with the following
amendments, which will be read:
The Secretary read the amendments of the House
of Representatives: in line eight, to strike out
"twenty" and insert "forty," so as to makethe
number of additional major generals forty; and
in the same line to strike out "fifty" and insert
" one hundred,"so as to make the number of ad-
ditional brigadier generals one hundred; in line
eleven, after the word "Army," to strike out the
words, " beyond which number, as authorized by
this act and the laws herein referred to, no gen-
eral shall be appointed in any branch of the pub-
lic service," and to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That the President shall appoint no one cxccpt
for gallant and meritouous service in tiie field.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate non-concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the committee of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wilson,
of Massachusetts, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Latiiam
were appointed the committee.
territory of colorado.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairpre-
sents another Senate bill, No. 311, to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Colorado," which
has been concurred in by the House of Repre-
sentatives, with an amendment. The Chair is
advised that thi.s bill, with the amendment of the
House of Representatives, has been referred to
the Committee on Territories, and reported back
with a recommendation that the Senate concur in
the amendment of the House. The amendment
will be read; it is a long one.
Mr. HOWARD, i do not see the chairman
of the Committee on Temtones in his seat; and
I hope it will be sutfWed to lie on the table until
he comes into his sent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
considered the sense of the Senate unless objected
to.
Mr. CAIILILE. Will it be in order to move
to print the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives5
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order.
On the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan
the bill wtil lie on the table temporarily, subject
to be called up at any time.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memoiial of the officers and members of the
Columbia Fire Company and others, citizens of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying for
an appropriation to purchase a steam fire engine,
for the protection of property in the said city;
which was refeired to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. KING. I desire to present the memorial
of merchants, shipowners, and others, of the city
of New York, respectfully asking the attention
of Congress to the subject of the proceedings in
that district in reference to vessels and cargoes
captured by our naval forces as prizes of war.
They say:
" It is well known since the commencement of the re-
bellion a lar^e number of very valuable prizes have been
sent into thif> port for adjudication, and that many of them
have been condemned and sold tinder the direction of the
pi lze commissioners. Yourmemoualists areinfoimed,and
believe that the costs and expenses incident to the custody
of these vessels, the storage of their cargoes, the proceed-
ings to secure condemnation, and the sales of the prize
property, are so great, as in many instances to consume a
very*!ai£e part of the proceeds, and leave but a small sum
for distribution among the captors. Delays and abuses in
the sales of this property are also liable to occur.
Your memorialists respectfully submit, that in justice
to tho&e who are exposed to the perils and hardships of the
naval service, especially the common sailors of our marine,
whose devotion to the Union has never faltered, and who
ate now rendeung it such signal aid, the prizes seemed by
them and their officers should be made to yield the largest
possible return, and should not be eaten up with expenses.
"Your memorialists therefore ask that an investigation
be had into the existing system, and tlmt such action may
be taken as will secure the more lapid and less expensive
determination of the rights of parties interested in these
prizes.
This memorial is signed by the commissioners
of pilots and several eminent merchants, ship-
owners, and others, of the city of New York. I
move to refer it to the Committee on the Judici-
ary with instructions to inquire into the propriety
of reporting a resolution to raise a committee of
investigation on this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That reference
is ordered. The instructions must be submitted in
writing. The question will then arise on that sub-
ject as a separate question.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that the subjcct is
now undeigoing investigation by the Committee
on Naval Affairs. A bill has been drawn by the
chairman of the committee in the Ilouseof Repre-
sentatives on the subject, which will be considered
to-morrow morning by the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this body, with other gentlemen who are
interested m the subject.
Mr. KING. Then I will withdraw my motion
to refer this memorial to the Committee on the
Judicial y, and will ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which has the eub-
jectin charge, with instructions to inquire as to the
expediency of raising a committee to investigate
the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, and the memorial will be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with the instruc-
tions indicated by the Senator from New York.
reports from committees.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. Ill) for
the relief of O. B. and Oliver G. Latham, have
directed me to report the same back with amend-
ments. As the committee concur in substance
with the House report, that may be adopted as the
Senate report with some variations, and it need
not be printed. I give notice that I shall ask the
Senate to-morrow morning to consider the bill.
Mr. TURPIE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (Ii. R. No. 647) for
the relief of the administrator of Captain Richard
Stevenson, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 153) authoiizing the adjust-
ment of the account of Z. B. Caverly,late secre-
tary of legation at Peru, for loss by exchange, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, fiom the Committeeon Print-
ing, to whom the subject was referred, reported
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
one thousand additional copies of Captain Mullan's report
of his military survey ot the route from the Columbia river,
in Washington Temtoiy, to Fort Benton, m Dakota Terri-
tory; al^o, four bundled copies lor the use ot the Topo-
graphical Bureau for <h-t!ilmuon, and one hundred copies*
tor the use of Captain Muilan.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print ad-
ditional copies of the report on commercial rela-
tions for the year ending September 30, 18G2,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed and bound for the use of
the Senate tbiee thouviud copies of the lepoit on commer-
cial rotations of the United States with foreign nations for
the year ending September 30, 1«6*2.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the report of the Court of
Claims, No. 295, in favor of the claim of Darius
S. Cole, reported a bill (S. No. 371) for the relief
of Darius S. Cole; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. ARNOLD. As this is a bil! which comes
from the Court of Claims, and a similar bill -hag ,
already passed the House of Representatives, and
it is a short bill, I will ask its present considera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the bill just reported by
him at the present time.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us, in the first place* ,
know what it is, to see whether we have objection
to it or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a bill for
the relief of Darius S. Cole. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. COLLAMER. I think we have enough
measures of public interest to occupy our time,
without taking up private bills. ,,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it must lie over under the rule.
ARTICLES OF WAR.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
563) for establishing rules and articles for the
government of the armies of the United States,
to report it back with several amendments, nearly
all of them of a verbal character. The committee
ask that the Senate concur in these amendments
without taking up time by reading them, and then
that the bill as amended be printed, so that we
shall have a clean bill to-morrow to act upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts reports back a bill with sun-
dry amendments, and asks the present consider-
ation of the amendments reported by the commit-
tee. If there be no objection the amendments will
be considered at this time.
Mr. POWELL. 1 desire to understand what
the bill is before i consent to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is a bill
amending the rules and articles of war. The com-
mittee report it back with a few amendments,
mostly verbal. I propose that we concur in those
amendments at once, and then let it go to the
printer, so that we shall have a clean bill to-mor-
row morning.
i Mr. POWELL. Very well.
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The bill will be considered
as before the Senate, and the amendments will be
read in their order.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Unless
asked for by some Senator, I think we need not
take up time by reading the amendments, but
concur in them generally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may be
done by general consent.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ments are of the slightest character.
The PRESIDENT/jro tempore. If no objection
be made, the amendments will be considered as
agreed to, and the bill will lie on the table and be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will not preclude fur-
ther amendment or modification hereafter?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be open to further amendment when it is again
taken up. The amendments reported by the com-
mittee are concurred in, and the bill with the
amendments will be printed.
i; district business.
II Mr. GRIMES. A few days ago it was unan-
jj imously agreed by the Senate that a short time
ij this morning should be devoted to the transaction
'i of business relating particularly to the District of
!' Columbia. I therefore move that the Senate now
j, proceed to the consideration of that business, and
that the Senate take up Senate bill No. 532.
| Mr. COLLAMER. I desue to make a report.
I hope we shall be allowed to go through the or-
dinary morning business of the morning hour. I
I do not recognize or recollect any such order or
i agreement as the Senator speaks of. Was there
any such order?
Mr. GRIMES. There was.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was it of record?
Mr. GRIMES. I do notknowthatitwas; but
i thoie was an agreement to that effect.
