THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY SI, 1863.
New Series,'....No., 95.'
required for the purposes of trade, as there is no-
where any apparent redundancy of them that could
be used for conversion into bonds. Money, or
what is called " money," is abundant, but it con-
sists mostly of the inscribed credit in the banks
under the name of " deposits," which passes in
all transactions among business men, but cannot
be received and paid by the Treasury as money.
Recently, when a loan of $13,000,000 was nego-
tiated by the Government, it was with great diffi-
culty, and only by some accommodation of delay
that the banks could pay for that sum. If a loan
should be negotiated this month for fifty or a hun-
dred millions, I believe it would be impossible for
the banks to furnish the amount without great dif-
ficulty and embarrassment, unless a further issue
of United States notes was first made. There is
a superabundance of money in the form of the
inscribed credit I have referred to, but an insuffi-
ciency of any currency which the Treasury can
receive and pay out to our soldiers as money.
I am confident that the finances of the country
can be conducted so as to meet all the wants of the
Government without positive injury to the exist-
ing money institutions or to the trade of the coun-
try; but it requires harmony of counsel and of
action; and it requires that the struggle by State
banks for the circulation of the country and for the
management of the Government finances should
cease. It seems to me the question m regard to
the effect on the State bank circulation, restricts
and cripples all our action on the finances, as the
slavery question has restricted and crippled our
action in the military arrangements to suppress
this icbellion.
If is said that the banks established under a
national law will be antagonistic to and annihilate
all State banks. No reason is given for this state-
ment, except that the bill proposes a tax of two
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, on
all the notes issued by banks as currency; but as
this tax is imposed on the banks organized under
this law, as well as on the State banks, it is not so
evident why it should " crush out" the State banks.
This is the only way in which the law directly
affects them. If the public prefer that system of
banking there is nothing in this bill to prevent its
being continued, or to oblige any one to organize
banks under this law. It can only affect State
banks by offering a more advantageous system to
induce capital to prefer the banks organized under
its provisions.
The theory of the system of bank notes con-
vertible on demand into specie is, that there can-
not be an excess of such a paper currency; be-
cause any redundancy of notes in circulation
beyond the wants of the community would be
returned to the banks for conversion into specie.
And so in regard to the Government notes; that
there cannot be for any length of time a redun-
dancy of them in circulation, because the excess
beyond what was required for the trade of the
country, instead of being suffered to lie idle, could
be sent to the Treasury to be converted into a per-
manent form of Government debt, by which it
would earn interest at the rate of six percent, per
annum.
So long as the circulation of bank notes was
convertible into coin, specie was the standard of
its value; but after the suspension of specie pay-
ments by the banks in December, 1861, their notes
had no standard of value. The Government notes
being convertible into bonds, the principal and
interest of which are payable in coin, may be said
to represent specie, though payable at a future
time, as a standard of their value. No one would
claim this to be a more secure or more expedient
standard than specie: but in a time of peace and
national prosperity, such bonds are worth more
than par, and consequently are then a higher
standard of value than specie. V/e know that \vi th-
in a few years they have been at a high premium
in the currency which was then convertible into
com.
Without some standard of value, the currency
would cease to net as any right measure of equiv-
alents. It would become an undulating mass,by
25
which the value of contracts could no longer be
defined in their origin or interpreted iq their op-
eration, according to the intention and meaning
of the word " money." In spite of all the laws
that maybe passed, gold and silver will in fact
continue to be the standard measure of our val-
ues; for whatever the depreciation of our currency
may be, the value of all commodities and securi-
ties will be regulated, to a great extent, by their
value in the gold currencies of other countries.
To provide the means for the payment of the in-
terest of the public debt in coin, the duties at the
custom-house are required to be paid in specie.
If this provision for specie should be given up,
and the interest and principal of the public debt
be paid in the Government notes, the currency
would then he withoutany standard of value, and
we should be afloat upon a sea of paper. The
notes being convertible into bonds, and the bonds
payable in the same notes, they simply represent
each other as their only standard of value, and
this is no standard at all.
The banks throughout the country suspended
specie payments at the time when the nation was
committed to an expensive war, which demanded
all its resources; when taxes were to be levied
and loans negotiated. Their coin was locked up
in their vaults, no that it could not be availed of
for the wants of trade or of the Government. The
only currcncy, therefore,except the small amount
of coin in circulation, chiefly fiactional coins for
change, was the irredeemable notes of the sus-
pended banks, the amount of which, so long as
the banks refused to redeem them, might be in-
creased to any extent.
It was under these circumstances thai the act
was passed to authorize the issue of the " United
States motes," convertible on demand, not into
specie, but into the bonded debt of the Govern-
ment, bearing interest at the rate of six percent.,
and repiesenting specie, as has been stated, be-
cause both the principal and interest as they
became due were payable in coin. The issue of
these notes was authorized only as a tempoiary
measure, and they were made a legal tender for
all debts except duties at the custom-house and
interest on the public debt.
The policy of this measure may be abstractly
questioned, and it may he condemned under the
strict rules of economical science, but the pecu-
liar difficulties and the position of the Govern-
ment at the time must be considered in the judg-
ment upon that measure. U is certain that no
other measure was suggested then, nor has any
been since indicated, to meet those difficulties. It
was necessary to choose between two courses,
either of which might have been considered ob-
jectionable. The one was to receive and pay for
Government dues tho irredeemable notes of the
suspended banks, and thereby confirm and en-
large, their circulation; the other was to pi ovule
a better curiency, of a national character, to be
issued by the Treasury, the direct profit ol which
would accrue to the people of the country, while
it strengthened and benefited the finances of the
Government. It was intended and believed that
this issue of "United States notes" would at least
restrict, and perhaps in time wholly supplant, the
circulation of the bank notes; but, instead of that,
the banks have largely extended their circulation,
winch is, at this time, larger than it has been for
many years. Confess selected from these two
courses the one which appeared tothemmost ben-
eficial to the people and to the Government, and
the lesser evii of the two; and if the banks had
restricted their issues, or even if they had not
enlarged them, the rise in the premium on gold
would have been so trifling as to have caused
little oi no inconvenience.
Had it been possible for the Government to
have provided and issued at that time an equal
amount of gold and sil\ci com instead of those
notes, the pnee of commodities and securities of
every kind would have been stimulated, but re-
lief would have been found in the exportation of
the coin to the extentof the cxcessin the cuircncy.
The power inherent in the notes, of conversion
into the bonded debt of the Government, should
operate like the export of coin to secure them
against the effects of an excess-of currency be-
yond the point of stimulating the prices of ctfmr
modifies and securities above the rate of par for
the bonded debt of the nation, bearing anVjuai in-
terest at the rate of six per cent. As the currcncy
is depredated by the excess beyond what is  e~
'cessary for the purposes of traae, prices should
rise, and the enhancement of the price of bonds
should induce the investment in them of any re-
dundancy of the circulation; by which they are
returned to the Treasury. This arrangement, by
which the " United States notes"can be converted
into six per cent, bonds,% may be considered, to a
certain extent, as an invitation to the whole com-
munity to loan their surplus means to the Govern-
ment and become its creditors; and it may oblige
them to do so, if they would secure themselves
against the evil effects of a redundant currency.'
Had the other course, to receive and pay for
Government dues the irredeemable notes of the
suspended banks,been adopted, as urged by many
m the interest of the banks, no preference could
have been given to the banks of one portion of the
country over those of any other portion. None
of the banks redeemed their notes in circulation
at that time; consequently the notes of those banks
least entitled to credit in public estimation would
have circulated as freely, and must have been re-
ceived and paid out by the Government as readily,
as those that had heretofore been deemed of the
strongest character. In my opinion, no Secretary
of the Treasury would have aared to risk his rep-
utation by adopting that course. There would
undoubtedly have been many banks managed with
prudencc and caution, but they would have had
little or no effect on the general character of the
bank management; and an inflation of pricestind
depreciation of currency would have occurred,
such as has been rarely witnessed in any coun-
try.
Another great evil under this course would have
been the dependence of the Government in all ne-
gotiations for loans upon the banks. The rate for
loans would have been fixed by the banks, and
the payment for them made in their depreciated
notes. The loans would thus have been negotiated
at rates very much below par, and paid for in cur-
rency of bank notes equally depreciated; and each
new loan would have been at a lower rate than the
preceding one; so that a candle burning at both
ends would have been no unfit illustration of these
negotiations.
During the past year some of the bankers have
claimed that the Government should have come
into the open market, by advertising their loans
to be sold at whomever rate was bid for them. The
negotiation of loans m this way has always been
in time of war a great source of profit to bank-
ers. A distinguished writer, in reference to the
negotiation of loans in Great Britain during the
continental wais in the early part of this century,
states that the amount of profit to the bankers on
a single loan was often sufficient to pay for the
next one.
The issue of Government notes, with the sys-
tem of deposits and certificates of debt, has pro-
vided the Treasury with sufficient means for the
past year without resorting to the sale or nego-
tiation of national bonds, the rates for which have
been at or above par, for six per cent, bonds pay-
able in twenty years. The friends of those meas-
ures still believe that the success of our armies
would so revive the confidence of capitalists and
bankers that all the money required for the Treas-
ury would he furnished by the conversion of the
" United States notes." 11is truethat these notes
have been depreciated equally with bank notes
below the value of coin; but the Government has
not had to meet the additional loss of selling their
bonds at a large discount and receiving the depre-
ciated notes in payment for them.
It would be unfair to impute all the depreciation
of the currency, indicated by the piemium paid
for gold during the past year, to the issue of the
Government notes. The Secretary of the Treas-
