386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ury, in hisable report, shows beyond question that
the premium on gold may be attributed in part to
other causes than the depreciation of the currency,
that the State banks, not content with maintain-
ing their status at the time of the suspension, or
reducing their liabilities as required by law in
many States,have contributed largely to whatever
depreciation has existed by increasing their issues
without any sanction of law, determined, appar-
ently, to enter the field and contend with the Gov-
ernment for the right to furnish the currency of
the nation, as if it was their vested right. No
small portion of the depreciation of the currency,
whatever it may be, is justly attributable to the
increased issues of the suspended State banks.
The motive for the laws enacted in Great Brit-
ain to prevent speculation in gold during the sus-
pension of specie payments there, may be seen in
what is now going on daily in New York, where
the speculations in gold are enormous. It is not
so much the actual purchases and sales of gold as
a species of gambling, by betting on the future
f>rice. For example, a purchase, as it is called,
s made to-day of half a million of gold at forty
per cent.; a week later, when the price is forty-
five, the purchaser may call for the gold; but he
expects and receives only the difference in the
price, which in that case would be five per cent,
(less interest and brokerage) on the amount of the
furchase, thus realizing a profitof nearly §25,000.
f, instead of the price rising to forty-five, it had
declined as much, he would have had to pay
the difference, thereby losing instead of gaining
$25,000. There are strong inducements for such
speculations while the principal supplies of gold
are locked up in the bank vaults beyond the reach
of the public, and only the small amounts of gold
scattered through the country, and the receipts
from California, can be touched to supply the de-
mand for the various purposes fyr which gold
must be used; not the least of which has been the
remittances for stocks of various kinds sent to
New Yoik by timid or by disloyal holders for
sale, with directions to remit the proceeds in coin
to London.
If the present premium on gold indicated that
much depreciation o£ the currency, as lias been
stafd on this floor, it would be shown in the price
of wheat, of land, of rents, and of all othercom-
modities produced at home, as well as in the price
of imported articles; because money must meas-
ure the value of all articles alike, and the price of
home products should rise equally with those im-
ported, when the currency is depreciated. The
premium on gold, whatever may cause it, is one
of the items of the cost of an article imported;
the price of it must therefore be at once alTected
by the rise in the rate of gold. Rut if the rise is
only the temporary effect of speculation, and does
notindicate that extent of depreciation in the cur-
rency, the cost of home pioducty would not be
affected by it.
It is true that our paper mo-ney is not at par
with the currencies of England^nd France, and
consequently will not purchase as much there as
it would before the suspension of specie payments.
Whether this is disastrous or beneficial to the best
interests of this country under present circum-
stances, may be a disputed point. Pork, beef,
breadstuff#, grain, hay, cattle, lands, &c., arc gen-
erally as cheap now as they wore before the sus-
pension of specie payments. It is an indisputa-
ble fact that the material interests of the North
were never more prosperous than at present. Jt
is nottlesirable to see them mote so; and it is natu-
ral that the prudent and experienced should, as
usual, foresee and predict that such an extent of
prosperity cannot continue forever; and it is well
for them to caution the imprudent against relying
too much upon the permancncy of such a state of
prosperi ty.
Itis wc!lknownthatthetem;)tation to excessive
i^ues of paper money, when thebanks rccogmze
no legal restraints, has always beui too greaUo be
resisted by them, and that it is certain to go on in-
creasing u;tfij it ends in wide-spread bankruptcy.
The lemptauon is hardly iess win a Government
assumes the tight to issue paper money as its per-
manentpolicy; and for that reason it is to be hoped
that the recommendation of the Secretary of lite
Treasury, of banks to be established and care-
fully guarded by national law, may be adopted,
and that the isstje of tyotes for circulation as cur-
rency will be gradually transferred to them, on
terms beneficial to the nation as well as to them-
selves.
The terms proposed by the Secretary in the law ;
that has been reported to the House for such trans-
fer, are for the banks to place security with the
Government as a guarantee for the ultimate se-
curity of the note holder, and to pay a tax fof the
privilege of the issue.
While it*is conceded that there pre objections
of a serious character to a currency of notes is-
sued by tho Government as a permanent system,
it should be remembered that those who advo-
cated it at the time ofits adoption proposed it only
as a temporary measure. Its success has recon-
ciled many who opposed it at that time, and who
now, justly considering the amount of such notes
in circulation as a loan from the people not bear-
ing interest, ask why the Government should
transfer to banks this resource for providing the
Treasury with a large amount of money without
any cost for interest. The answer to this is found
in the serious objection as a permanent system to
a currency provided by the Government.
In a time of peace, when the national expendi-
tures should be reduced to less than one fifth of
what they now are, the Government, unless they
become discount bankers, have no way to circu-
late the notes in the various arteries of trade and
commerce.
In a time of war, when the Government is a large
purchaser of materials and produce for the pur-
poses of the war, the curiency is furnished by the
payments made for such purchases and to the
Army and Navy; and the notes thus paid from
time to time from the Treasury make a circle of
payments from one to another until they come
back again into the Treasury in paymentfor taxes,
or by conversion into bonds, or for loans that may
be negotiated; and are again paidout by the Treas-
ury to perform again the same work in the trade
and commerce of the country. It is apparent that
in a time of peace, by reason of the reduced dis-
bursements of the Treasury, the payments of the
Go vern men t could not give tins activity of circula-
tion to their notes issued as currency, and trade
would languish m consequence of the insufficiency
of currency for active circulation. It is true that
this trouble would be gradually lessened and re-
moved in time by specie coming in to supply any
deficiency in the amount of the currency, which
would establish in time a more healthy condition
of trade than existed before.
The success of this war depends quite as much
on the conduct of the finances as on the conduct
of our armies in the field, and neither of them can
be fully successful without the aid of the other.
In regard to the finances, the chief responsibility
restsupon the Secretary of the Treasury; the pub-
lic credit is intrusted to him m this time of danger
and difficulty; and it demands all his skill and tal-
ent and knowledge to save us from national bank-
ruptcy. If he has not the confidence of Congress
it should be indicated by their action, and he should
be required to yield his position at the head of the
Treasury Department to some uiie hi whom Con-
gress has confidence. But so long as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury possesses the confidence of
Congress and of the country, as I believe the pres-
ent distinguished incumbent of that office does
now. it would seem as if some respect should be
shown for hid recommendations, and an earnest
support given to the plans for the relief of the
finances proposed by him after long and patient
consideration. If his platisoreopposed, ushould
be on clear con victions,and on the condition of sub-
mitting something belter as a substitute for them.
^ The recomraonuatioMsof the Secretary are clear,
simple, and comprehensive in regard to the bank-
ing law for authorizing associations to furnish a
uniform circulation for the whole country. The
notes to ho issued by the banks organized under
Uim law are not only secured by United States
siock, but the Govei nment has o piior lien on the
whole property of the bank for security against
any loss on thur notes in circulation in case of the
failure of the bank. The notes of tin se banks
Will be o national currency; their security is guar-
antied by the Government; they are redeemable
on demand in lawful money, and receivable by
the Government for all dues exccpt duties on im-
ports; and the principal and interest of the Gov-
ernment bonds which are pledged for their secu-
rity are payable in gold.
The use of a paper currency cannot be avoided i
at this time; but it should be controlled by the
Government, and the amount of it should be Jim
itcd as far as is practicable, that it may be now as
little depreciated as possible. After this war is
ended, the resumption of specie payments by the
banks and by the Government should occur at the
eaihest moment. This bank law will i.*d in ar-
resting the depreciation of the currency, and will
furnish a currency approaching more nearly to
specie than can be accomplished in any other way;
and when the war is over, this law will facilitate
an early return to specie payments. If this bank-
ing law is rejected, the Government has no con-
trol over the depreciation of the currency, for just
in proportion as the amount of the " United States
notes"isincrcased, the bank circulation,which is
redeemable in those notes, will be augmented, and
both will depreciate together.
These banks would become fiscal agencies of
the Government. Its revenues would be depos-
ited with them, and the ordinary disbursements
of the Treasuiy would be made by drafts upon
them, which would be paid in the modes usual
in the daily transactions of trade. A li those who
are familiar with the business of banking can eas-
ily appreciate the benefits whKh this would furnish
to the business of the country, by economizing
the use of currency and facilitating payments.
A nation which loaves the power to regulate its
currency to the legislation of thirty-four different
States, abandons one of the most essential attri-
butes of its sovereignty; and it is justly said by
an eminent financial writer, who was once distin-
guished as the head of the Treasury Department,
that this abdication by the Government of its
power to control the currency of the country has
furnished one of the main supports .of this rebel-
lion. The revolted States could never have in-
augurated this rebellion without the currency of
State bank notes for circulation, and we must do*
pitve them hereafter of this ready aid of treason:
'•To permit the States tn piovnle the circulating me-
dium—the money of the contiti}—n to enable Uiem to fur-
nish the ^tifcu'a of w;ir, and clothe thorn with a power to
overthrow the Government.*'
Another of the important benefits which the
; Government would derive from this system of na-
! Uonal banks would be the amount of United States
stock which would be absorbed to be used as se-
curity for its circulation, livery one admits the
enhanced value of New York State stocks, now
quoted at twenty percent, premium for six per
cent, stock, to be " directly the results of the legis-
lation which constitutes them the basis of the cur-
rency and a souice of profit beyond their rate of
interest. 11 affects not only the value of the stocks
so pledged, but this advantage is likewise reflected
on the whole mass of such stock that is issued,"
in addition to the benefit of reducing the supply
i on the market by withdrawing from sale the quan-
tity pledged as security for the currency. It must
be clear to the feeblest comprehension, that by so
much as the credit ond strength of the Federal
bonds would b^ improved by this plan of depos-
iting 'hern as security for the notes in circulation,
J it would be sound policy to avail of it at this time,
when the necessities of the public service require
so large an amount of bonds to be issued. And
if the effect should be to diminish somewhat the
value of State stocks, no ioyal man could object
to it in "view of its advantages to the national Gov-
ernment.
Anything that tends to impair the national
credit has the effect of rendering private property
more insecure; because it obstructs the Govern-
ment in procuring, in the ordinary modes, the
necessary funds for the expenses of this war, and
may oblige the Government to resort to the aibi-
traiy measures offoiced loans and heavier rates
of taxation.
We are in the midst of a civil war, such as his-
tory has rarely, if ever, presented. None of its
horrors—its sorrows only—have been e viended to
the northern States. More than thiee quaitersof
a million of our brave soldiers are m the field, well
armed and provided, who have kept the war from
j our own borders, leaving those who iem?ined at
: home unmolested in the quiet pursuit of their usual
i industrial occupations, attended with more than
the usual prosperity; they are reminded of the war
only by reports of bjtiles, and the sad lists of the
dead and wounded containing the names of sons
and brothers who had volunteered for their defense.
It must be * o  cte<I of us, while in this condition.
