1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
Pennsylvania, Mr. W. McKee Dunn, of Indi-
ana, and Mr. Robert Mallory, of Kentucky,
managers at the same on its part.
The message furiherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had appointed
Mr. John B. Steele, of New York,on the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (S. No. 492) to
amend the laws relating; to the Post Office De-
partment, in place of Mr. Moses P. Odell, of
New York, who was excused by the House from
serving on the committee.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer a resolution which
I suppose it is necessary to pass:
Resolved, (the House ot Representatives concurring.)
That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules ot the two
Houses be suspended foL the residue of the session.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to know what the
rules are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rules which prevent
the transmission of any bill between the two
Houses or to the President during the last two or
three days of the session.
The resolution was agreed to.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 226) to amend
the act entitled " An act to establish a court for
the investigation of claims against the United
States," approved February 24, 1855, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate m«is.t upon its amendments
to the said bill, disagieed to by the House of Repiescnta-
tives, and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing vote? of the two Houses theieon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Trumbull, Clark, and Wilson of Mis-
souri.
KATE It. GAITHER AND OTHERS.
Mr. GRIMES. If my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis] will not be of the opinion that either
his speech or his complexion will be affected by
calling up another bill in regard to negroes, I move
to take up House joint resolution No. 149; and I
will inform him that this pays for negroes instead
ofeducatingthem.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 149) for the relief of Kate R.
Gaither and others was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It recites that the com-
missioners under the act of Congress for the re-
lease of certain persons held to service or labor
in the District of Columbia, in a special report to
the Secretary of the Treasury, have recommended
to the equity of Congress certain cases arising un-
der that law in which the claimants could not ob-
tain compensation by reason of the filing of their
petitions after the day limited in the act; and the
commissioners considering the equity of the cases,
and that the delay in filing the petitions was not
voluntary on the paitofthe claimants,examined
into the merits of the claims, and reported the
claimants to be otherwise in every respectentitled
to the benefits of the act, and in a table marked C
in their report, reported the several amounts to
which said claimants would have been entitled,
and the appropriation already made for the pur-
pose is amply sufficient to pay these claims; and
it is therefore proposed to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay out of the appropriation
heretofore made, to the following named persons
the sums affixed to their respective names, being
the same persons and sums designated in their re-
port in the table marked C: to Ivate R. Gaither,
$438: to John C. Brashenrs, $438; toSarah Web-
ster, §306 GO; to Hugh McCormtck, $897 90; to
Lloyd Brooke, $481 80; to Ann II. Cunningham,
$240 90; to Teresa Ann SafiVU, $1,314; to Thomas
J. Perry and Mary A., his wife, $569 40; to John
A. Dorsey, $1,138'80; to Mary Stevenson $1,314;
to George White, (colored,) $1,613 20; to Moses
Kelly, administrator of W. W. Russell, United
States Army, $459; making in all $7,212 50.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up House
bill No. 468, reported from the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
468) to extend the charter of the Alexandria and
Washington Railroad Company, and for other
purposes, the pending question being on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote
ordering the bill to a third reading, so as to bring
it back for the consideration of the Senate and
make it open to amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. About two weeks since this
bill was before the Senate during the morning
hour, and was very nearly being put upon its final
passage, when, at the instance of several Senators,
it was laid over for the purpose of examination.
This bill is to authorize the Washington and
Alexandria Railroad Company to extend their
road, which is located between Alexandria and
the south end of the Long Bridge, across the Po-
tomac river and through the city of Washington
to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad station. The
bill as originally introduced proposed to extend
the charter of this company across the river and
through the city of Washington. By the amend-
ments which have been adopted the proposition
now is to authorize this company, chartered by
the Legislature of Virginia, and existing within
that State, to extend their railroad across the river
and across the city to the Baltimore and Ohio sta-
tion. One or two questions would naturally sug-
gest themselves as being desirable to be answered
before the Congress of the United States extended
such a privilege to a company incorporated by
the State of Virginia. It would be natural for the
Senate to inquire what is the character and nature
of this charter now owned and held by this com-
pany, upon which it is proposed to confer this
privilege. We should have some light and some
information on that subject.
Again, it may perhaps not be amiss for the Sen-
ate to inquire who are the present owners and
controllers of this charter. It was a company in-
corporated in the State of Virginia in such a loca-
tion that it naturally would belong to certain per-
sons residing in Alexandria and in this city; and
we aie perfectly aware that many of the capital-
ists in the city of Alexandria have gone over to
the southern rebellion, and have left their location
and their home; and, so far as I know, many of
the shaies of this company now of right belong
to the United States under our laws confiscating
the property of rebels; or it may be tfiat in con-
sequence of the absence of the owners of such
shares in this company some steps or proceed-
ings may have been taken in respect to this charter
so that it is in other hands. Before i give my
vote in favor of this bill I should like to be in-
formed on these points, as to the nature of the
charter,and with respect to who are now the own-
ers of it.
I would also advance this idea: this charter is
entirely beyond the control of Congress; beyond
its reach. It is the charter of a company under
a State Legislature; and I may furthermore say
that this charter is beyond the control of the Fed-
eral courts in this District, so that they have not
the power of calling on disincorporated company
to answer for a breach or violation of their charter
privileges. It seems to me that in this point of
view, also, it will be going a great way foi the Con-
gress of the United States to authorize this com-
pany, chartered by Virginia, to extend their road
directly through the capital of the nation.
There is another feature of the bill that strikes
me as peculiar. As the bill is now amended it
proposes to confer upon this Virginia chartered
company "all theoidiriary rights,privileges,and
liabilities incident to similar corporations." That
is exceedingly loose and exceedingly undefined.
What aie the liabilities,lights,and privileges in-
cident to railroad charters in the State of Virginia?
Is the Senate of the United States informed? Are
they aware of the nature and character of those
charters > Or does it apply to charters authorized
by this Congress or by the State of Maryland ? I
am not very familiar with the grant of charters to
incorporated companies in this District; but so far
as I am familiar with the grant of charters by
State Legislatures, they are much more particu-
larly and specifically defined than the grant of
power contained on the face of this bill, which
amounts to a general liberty to transact business
in any way iy accordance with the provisions of
any charter which they may find in the State of
Virginia, in this District, or in the State of Ma-
ryland. I should like to know what the nature
of the grant of power in charters is before I
vote for this bill conferring these extraordinary
powers and privileges on this company now seeKf
mg the privilege of constructing this road.
There is another point of view in which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to this bill., it
is to the extent of the privilege now asked by this
company. I expressed the fear the other day that
there was more in this bill than appeared on it£
face; that it was more extensive in the grant of
power and extent of privilege which it asked to
he conferred on this corporation than would ap-
pear on its face. Why, sir, what does it ask'? It
asks Congress to confer upon this company the
privilege in the first place of constructing a bridge
across the Potomac river upon one or the other
side of the Long Bridge. Why, sir, that is not
an ordinary privilege. That is an extraordinary
privilege, and one that Congress should be very
careful in granting, and should be very careful in
selecting the persons to whom this power should
be granted.
But again, sir, itasks the privilege of construct-
ing a railroad from the north end of the Potomac
bridge through Maryland avenue and First street,
and thence along Indiana avenue to the station of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. Thatauthorizes
this company to construct a railroad directly in
front of this Capitol, by the gate at the bottom of
the Capitol grounds; and if constructed, it will
enable this railroad company to transfer upon its
rails the whole travel and transportation between
the North and the South directly in front of the
Capitol gate, through the very heart of the city.
Now, in consequence of the railroad built by
Government authority, at times there is difficulty
in approaching the Capitol, and gieat delays are
occasioned as well as danger incurred by persons
on foot in going to and from the Capitol; and if
you authorize a company to transfer all the trans-
portation arid all the travel, either in peace or in
war, directly through this main thoroughfare at
the foot of the Capitol, the representatives of the
people and those who feel an interest in the busi-
ness of legislation will be interrupted in their ap-
proaches to the very Capitol itself. These long
tiains of passenger cars, and these long trains of
burden and transportation cars, will block the city
up from one end to the other.
This simple little privilege which is asked for
to construct a railroad across the city has been
one that has been contended for in one way and
another for years past; and I venture to say that
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company would
be willing to give at this day $500,000 for the pur-
pose of securing this privilege; and yet it is asked
| for in this kind of side-bar way to be conferred on
| a company chartered by the Legislature of Vir-
j ginia, as a small matter, when such importantand
i valuable consequences are likely to result to any
> company to which such privileges are conferred;
! and all this, too, without any bonus, and without
any taxation.
ft is stated in one portion of this bill that this
road shall be liable to such taxation as other prop-
erty of a similar character is liable to. The ex-
pression of the bill is very loose. I am informed
by very good authority that the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal and the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
had the privilege of constructing their works into
this city without being liable to any particular
taxation. So that this vast and important privi-
lege thus asked for will be conferred by this bill
upon this company without being subject to any
taxation.
Again, sir, the bill will also confer the privilege
upon this company of running steam engines the
whole breadth of the river Potomac alongside of
the Long Bridge, which is at least a mile in extent;
and I should like to know what would become of
the interest of the traveling public who go in car-
riages from this District into the State of Virginia
under such a state of things as that. The pro-
visions of the bill are that this railroad company
shall have the power of constructing a "passage-
way along either side of the Potomac bridge, as in
the opinion of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings*'—oi I think it is proposed to be amended by
saying the Secretary of the Interior—"shall be
suitable and safe for the public travel." I do not
th in k that Congress ought togrenttoany company
