1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
necessary and that is wise, in order to enable him
to raise, in the best possible mode, the requisite
amount of money to carry on the Government: to
pay, and pay promptly, all the creditors of the
Government, as all the creditors have a right to
demand. I think the measure we have presented
will accomplish that object. If not, I am ready,
for one, to vote for any other proposition that will
do it better, so that there is not too much discre-
tion given. I say that we have no right to give
such a discretion as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts proposes to anybody. It has never been
done in the history of this Government, and I
hope and trust it may never be. I do not think
that the Secretary himself, were he in our places,
would for one moment entertain such a proposi-
tion as possible. I do not think the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury would use such apowerim-
propcrly, but I say it is unwise and imprudent to
place such a discretion in the hands of any man.
Were there no other objection, it is sufficient that
the inevitable resultwil'l be that the very moment
you place it in the power of the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue §900,000,000 of legal tender
Treasury notes, that moment speculators will take
it for granted that the whole amount will be issued;
and the effect will be, that the same, or nearly the
same, speculation will take place in the country
that would follow the actual issue. Speculation
will run not; and confusion, agitation, and ex-
citement will ensue all over the country, almost to
the same extent as if he were required to issue that
amount. Let a dispatch be sent this moment to
New York that the Secretary of the Treasury had
power to issue $600,000,000 legal tender notes,
and it would be taken for granted that $600,000,000
legal tender notes would be issued.
Mr. HOOPER. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I will ask him this question:
what he propgpes to do in case $300,000,000 of
Treasury notes have been issued, according to the
bili of the Committee of Waysand Means, and the
Secretary cannot go beyond that amount? In my
opinion, it will not be necessary to go beyond that
amount. But we have to provide for the payments
the Government will have to make for the re-
mainder of the prescntand for the'nextfiscal year,
when we shall be for mauy months without a
session of Confess.
Mr. HORTON. I do not take the force of the
gentleman's question.
Mr. HOOPER. My question is this: sun-
pose the Secretary had issued the $300,000,000
provided for in the bill of the committee; but still
the soldier is to be paid, and he cannot sell the
bonds of the Government, what will tiie Secretary
do then ?
Mr. HORTON. I will answer the gentleman
as well as I can. The committee think that, with
these thiee modes of raising money, there is no
doubt that, if the Secretary manages with the
skill and judgment which we think he will, ho can
raise ail the money the wants of the Government
will require. I do not doubt that the thing can
be so managed as to qxhaust the $300,000,000,
and remain without means; but we uo not attrib-
ute to the Secretary of the Treasuiy any such
policy as t hut. We think that by the time he has
issued £150.000,000 or $200,000,000 of le^a! tendet
notes, lie will <dso have sold some $150,000,000
or $200,000,000 of interest-bearing notes; that at
the same tune he issues the legal tenders, he will
float on the tide of inflation which this issue will
cause, the same or about the same amount of in-
terest-beanng stocks. That, sir, is the result of
my judgment; and I venture to say thatifyon get
the opinion of the great mass of experienced
financial men, who are accustomed to the.iT things,
they will tell you there is very little doubt upon
that subject.
Now, I do not propose to legislate for a possi-
bility that is merely imaginary; but for probabil-
ities that ai e very likely to come upon the country,
judging from the finm that we have before us. I
do not doubt that if the Secretary of the Treasury
should issue $300,000,000 of legal tender Treasury
notes, he would be obliged to fund a very large
amount of them. Tiie people would demand the
funding of them, because ail the channels of cir-
culation would be so full that theie would be a
redundancy. 1 take itforgranted thatno Secretary
of the Treasury would ever put out $300,000,000
of legal tender notes at once. I should change
my opinion of the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury if J could suppose that with him such a thing
were possible. I take it lor granted that he would
follow the course that any business man in like
circumstances would pursue. Having three kinds
of securities on which to raise a given amount of
money, he would use the market according to his
best judgment, taking advantage of the times and
circumstances. And ifl were to find anyfault with
the present Secretary of the Treasury, it would be
that he has not always sold the bonds of the Gov-
ernment when he could have done so at par. But
when, after giving the power of selling bonds at
the best price he can get, if he gets cornered, I say
he is not the able financier that I now give him
credit for.
I am sure that, in all probability, no man accus-
tomed to business, with a large amount of secu-
rities in his pocket, with no necessity of being
particular as to the price he sells them at, would
fail to pay his debts in any probable condition of
the money market while the legal tender system
continues.
Mr. Chairman, I have accomplished my pur-
pose, but very imperfectly. I knew in the outset
that I should be obliged to speak in a very desul-
tory manner; but I trust that I have thrown some
light on the provisions of the bill.
When the bill relative to the establishment of
a banking system shall come properly before the
committee, involving, as it does, matters of very
great moment to the country, I shall be prepared
to vote or speak, as the case may be; and I have
no doubt that both these topics will receive at the
hands of the House all the consideration which
their great mipoitance demands.
1 will sfate again—because many persons will
see that the bill, as it now stands, will not con-
form in every particular with my explanation of
it—that th^ Committee of Ways and Means will,
at the proper time, offer amendments to make it
conform with the suggestions I have made. I
suppose 1 am authorized to state that such will
be the action of the committee.
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to ask him one question?
Mr. HORTON. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEY". 1 a^k tiiegentlcman whethcrthe
bill of the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
vides that tiie Secretary of the Treasury may sell
tho^e honds'at any price he sees fit?
Mr. HORTON. He is authorized to sell them
for the-best price thnt he can get.
Mi. ALLEY. Under tins bill?
Mr. HORTON. Yes, sir. The gentleman did
not catch my previous remarks. There nie amend-
nients to be offered which will nnike the bill eon-
form to what I hcue stated, and tins is one of
them. lie is to sell them for the best price he can
get.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman advises the pas-
sage of a bill that authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of these bonds at the market
rate, whatever U may be.
Mr. HORTON. The preseni law authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the funded
debt of the United States at the market pi ice. We
go furtln r, and make it moie explicit. We au-
thouze him to sell them on the best terms that he
can, not the market value, because theie is a dis-
pute about that.
Mr. ALLEY. J understand that to be the law
as it now stands. I also undeistand the bill which
is reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
provides that the bonds shall not be sold for less
than par. Am I correct?
Mr. HORTON. The gentleman is correct ;and
at th^ same time I am eonect. I stated a moment
ago thai the committee would offer an amendment
to strike out that provision. The committee will
also submit an amendment authorizing the Secrc-
tan* of the Treasury to sell these bonds for the
best price that he can get. I hope the gentleman
will not forget this.
Mi. ALLEY. Then I would like to ask of the
gentleman from Ohio wherein the pionosition of
the Committee of Ways and Mean.s dili'eis sub-
stantially from the one submitted by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoopr.u']
Mr. HORTON. In this, Mr. Chairman: that
the proposition submitted bythogentiei i«\n,s col-
league authorizes him to issue V^OO,000,000 of
Treasury notes, if,m his discretion, it is necessary.
Mr. ALLEY, i so understand it. It gives the
Secretary of the Treasury the same power that
any good business man would have oven his own
business, to dispose of the bonds or to issue legal
tender notes, as in his judgment the interest?} of
tiie Government require. 1 understand the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio to advocate thatjiolicy which
would give the most power to protectthe interests
of the Government as well as the interests of the
people. I should like to ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether, if we give the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to issue legal tender notes,
or to issue bonds, as he may be able to dispose of
them at par, it would not be the best piotection of
the Government and the people against the capi-
talists ?
Mr. HORTON. In my opinion, very far from
it. The Secretary of the Treasury should be au-
thorized to go to a certain extent, and the limit
should be fixed according to our opinions of the
necessity of the case. I do not behove that the
legislative department will place itself in the posi-
tion of saying to the Secietary of the Treasury,
" do as you please, and we will be satisfied with
you." 1, for one, du not intend to give him such
unlimited authority.
Mr. ALLEY. If the Secretary of the Treasury
has power to issue Treasury notes, or to issue
bonds, I should like to ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether, if he could sell those bonds at par,
he would not sooner do it than to issue Treasury
notes? Would he not do that under any Secre-
tary of the Tieasury who may be appointed,
whether Secretary Chase or anybody else ? Does
not the gentleman believe that it would be best for
the inteicsts of the Government and of the people
to sell those bonds at par, if it could be done, than
to is^ue legal tender notes to an amount equal to
$300,000,0003
Mr. HORTON. I have stated two or three
times that 1 have great respect for the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury. 1 have no doubt that he
would act according to the best of his judgment.
But I will say, according to the best mfotmation
that I have, that the Secretary of the Treasury
could, last June and July, have sold the five-
twenties at par instead of issuing legal tender
notes, and he did not do it. I will go further: I
do not charge anything against the Secretary of
the Treasuiy. In the matter of paper currency,
and especially of Government papei curiency, the
House will see the effect of an unlimited discre-
tion to issue it. I would restrict itaccoidmg to
our opinion of the necessity, and not according
to that of anybody else.
Mi. BINGHAM. As the gentleman has made
the remark that best June and July the Secretary
! of the Tieasury could have sold the five-twenties
' at par, let me ask whether it is not the language
] of the law that he shall not beat liberty to sell'
! them except on one condition, and that condition
their mai kct value? *
Mr. GURLEY. I will answer that ques-
tion 
Mr. HORTON. With all deference to my col-
league, f ptefrr to answer it myself.
Mt. BINGHAM. I want to know whether
there was not a restriction in the law itself?
Mr. HORTON. My recollection is that he
could sell the five-twenties at par.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is it in the law that he could
sell them at par?
Mr. HORTON. The words in the law are
" at the maiket value."
Mr. GURLEY. As there has been some con-
troversy on this floor as to whether the Secretary
of the Treasury had authority to sell the six per
cent, bonds and pay the soldiers under the act of
February last, which declares that he may sell
them " at any time at the market price," 1 pro-
pose to settle it, once for all, by an appeal to tho
law itself. The law of July for the issue of the
sum of $150,000,000 legal tender, goes on to say:
"Ami the Secretary of' the Tiea^nry may exchange for
Mich note--, on Mich terms as lie shall think mo-.t bencuoai
to the public interest, any boncU of the T'mtr.i State* bear-
v\« m\- percent mteie>t. and tede-maMc .-titer ih'e uwi
payable 111 twenu \ ears, which have been ot may !>•• !avv-
liifij' iht-ueil uiulei the proviMon-55 of a«iv ''VMuiy act; may
i';i--v-ue ih" note!- tectuved in exchanir'* ; m<n i eeeive and
cancel any n< te- heietofoic lawfully e--'Ue<i mulct a:;;, act
of ami m lieu thereof i^uc an equal amount ia
note-s bucii a^ «ue authorized bythi^act; and may puichase,
nt rate-, not exceeding that ot the cut rent masker, and cos*
of pntel'.a^e not exceeding one eightn ot one p<si cent-,
any bond-* or cerrmcute& ol debt ot tho United State* as he
may deem advi&ab;e.;}
That gives him full and complete power to sell
