890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
them at whatever price he might think would be
for the public interest. This is the demonstration
of the fact which I stated the other day; and the
Secretary therefore made an error when he stated
in answer to«an inquiry of this House that fur-
ther legislation was necessary to enable him to
sell, so as to pay the soldiers. He has had that
power from the beginning, if there is any mean-
ing in language. The law of July puts that ques-
tion forever at rest. The bonds might have been
sold at any time, and the soldiers promptly paid.
Before 1 sit down, let me say another word as
to thequestion whether the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall issue §900,000,000 of legal tender notes,
or whether he shall borrow $900,000,000 ? I wish
simply to say that, in my judgment, if you confer
upon the Secretary the power proposed in this bill,
it would make a difference of fifty or a hundred
per cent, upon every ordinary farm in the coun-
try. If the money is bonowed, prices will be
depressed; if that or near that amount is issued
in legal tender, prices will go up; and the price of
every man's farm, therefore, will be in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury; he can make it
worth twenty-live or fifty dollars per acre, as he
may choose to borrow money or print bills. No
living man should possess any such power as this
in this or any other country. It is dangerous in
the last degree.
Mr. HORTON. My colleague makes a capi-
tal speech in answering a question. T will now
hear the question of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. ALLEY. Does the gentleman believe that
the Secretary of the Treasury would issue these
legal tender notes to an amount exceeding the sum
of $300,000,000 if he could sell bonds at par ? That
is the question I put to him before, and I do not
•understand that he has answered it. He stated
in reply, that the Secretary of the Treasury had
the power and did not exercise it. Therefore he
thinks from the past what may be in the future.
I ask him whether he thinks that is just to the
Secretary of the Treasury, or the opinion the
Secretary expressed m reference to his power on
that point? Let me say fuithei  
Mr. HORTON. Let me answer the question.
1 have stated already that, according to my best
judgment, the Secretary of the Treasury last sum-
mer could have sold the five-twenties at par, and
he did not sell them, i think it is well to judge
of the future by the past. And in regard to the
second issue of legal tender notes, the Secretary
was understood to say that all he wanted was the
power to issue them, and that he might not i.vsue
or^e of'them or many of them. I said to those
.gentlemen then, that if they did not conceive the
power was necessary, there was really no use in
asking the legislative department to confer it.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman does not refer
to me as one who favored that issue of legal tender
notes?
Mr. HORTON. I had no reference to the gen-
tleman. It was, however, stated by more than
one gentleman on this floor.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say to the gentleman ft om
Ohio that I did not consider him uncandid, but I
thought I misapprehended his answer. From the
opinion I have heard him express of the Secretary
of the Treasury, I did not believe that the gentle-
man could have given such an answer. I am per-
fectly satisfied that I misapprehended him.
I desire to ask the gentleman a question. He
stated that no one doubted that if §300,000,000 of
this currency were issued, that would be a suffi-
cient amount to carry on the Government, which
requires $900,000,000 for the term specified; and
now I would ask the gentleman upon what that
opinion is predicated; and whether the condition
oftheUnited States securities m i he market to-day
is not such that the*Secretary of the Treasury can-
not carry on the Government a single day after
the expenditure of the $300,000,000 under the bill
now proposed ?
Mr. HORTON. I will answer the question;
but before I do so, I wish to deprecate the lepcated
attempts which have been made to make me say
something disrespectful to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I do not feel and which I do not
intend to say. I am here as a legislator on my
own responsibility, and I wish to discharge that
responsibility according to the best of my judg-
ment.
Now, in response to the question of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, I will say that if the
Secretary of the Treasury has power to issue
$300,000,000 of interest-bearing notes, and power
to issue $300,000,000 of legal tender notes, in
my judgment there will be no difficulty in rais-
ing money as fast as the Treasury needs it in the
present state of the money market, or even in a
worse condition of the market. I say,.in my hum-
ble opinion, it can be done this day, and I say I
think there can be no sound leason given for the
contrary opinion.
Mr. EDWARDS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to say that it is proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to so amend the
bili which came from the committee, that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be authorized to sell
the bonds which it is proposed to issue, at any
price he may think proper?
Mr. HORTON. At the best price he can get.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I would inquire
whether the Secretary of the Treasury may not
raise all the money proposed to be raised by the
bill by selling bonds at the best price he can ob-
tain, and without issuing any notes whatever?
Mr. STEVENS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I wish to say that I hope
in future we shall be a little more parliamentary,
and not state here what the Committee of Ways
and Means has done*or proposes to do, except so
far as they have reported; and especially that we
shall not intimate what any head of Department
desires. I look upon it as a pernicious practice,
and entirely excluded by parliamentary practice.
Mr. HORTON. I have no question that it is
necessary and indispensable for the Secretary of
the Treasury now to issue legal tender notes. We
have already given him authority to issue $100,-
000,000, and it is necessary that he should issue
those for the purpose of paying soldiers and sala-
ries and arrearages which the Government now
owes. I say, as I have said two or thiee times j
before, that on the tide of inflation which that ■
issue will make we can sell the funded debt of the j
United States at a price a little lew than par, and j
possibly at par, and that the larger the amount of ;
legal tender notes we issue, the larger the amount !
we can fund and the higher the price. It is a part I
of the policy of some gentlemen to restrict the
sale at par m order that the Treasurer may get
par by inflating the currency to a degree that it
will be the interestof the money-holders to fund at
that price.
Mr. EDWARDS. Thegentleman does not an-
swer my question. It is simply whether, by the
terms of the bill, the Secretary of the Treasury
may not raise all the money authorized by the bill
by the sale of bonds at the best piice he can get,
and without issuing any notes whatever?
Air. HORTON. I do not think he could sell
the bonds atany price he would take, unless there
is an inflation by the issue of legal tender and in-
terest-bearing; notes.
Air. EDWARDS. Thcgentleman will not say
the Secietary has not that power?
Air. MORTON. The law testricts him to the
issue of $900,000,000—in all, §300,000,000 maybe '
Treabuiy notes bearing interest, and $300,000,000 ;
legal tender, in case he issued all these two last j
amounts, he could only issue, under this bill, >
$300,000,000 twenty year bonds. •
Mr. MeKNIGHT. It is not m y desire or pur- J
post1 to enter into a discussion of the bill before j
the committee; but I propose, if the committee !
shall prefer the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means to the bili of the honorable Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to offer an amendment
thereto.
®Mr. STEVENS. I deny that the Secretaiyof
the^Treasury has any bill here. There is no bill
which he has agreed to, and I may as well put an
end to all such allusions here.
Mr. MeKNIGHT. Well, the Committee of
the Whole was probably laboring under the same
delusion with myself in that respect. I followed
the course of others by alluding to a bill as hav-
ing the approbation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. But it m indifferent to me whether he has
given any such approbation or not, though I un-
derstand that the bill of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has received the approbation of the
Secretary.
I was remarking that I did not intend to enter
into a discussion of this bill, but that if the com-
mittee Should prefer the bill o'f the Committee of
Ways and Means, I propose to offer, if I have an
opportunity, a brief amendment to the seventh
section; and I desire to say a few words in refer-
ence to that amendment now, rather than wait
until theamendmentis presented. It is proposed
by the committee to place a small tax of one per
cent, semi-annually upon a certain proportion of
bank issues. 1 think the cunency issues of the
banks should be taxed more heavily than that.
I do not propose that they should be favored more
than private individuals. 1 think the banks can
afford to pay, from the profits which they realize
outof theircircuiation,a reasonable tax upon that
circulation. I propose to offer the amendment for
two reasons: first, that we may in some measure
restrict the expanded circulation of the banks;
and secondly, that the United States Government
may realize a reasonable amount of taxes out of
that circulation. I propose, in the amendment I
shall offer, that on the first two fifths of the circu-
lation of every bank there shall be levied a tax of
two percent.; upon the third fifth, three per cent.; -
upon the fourth fifth, five pei cent.; and upon the
last fifth, eight per cent.; and if the circulation eX-
cced the whole amount of capital stock, the tax
shall be ten per cent, upon such excess. It is well
known to every person in this House that the
bank ciiculation is so extended that some banks
have three, four, and five times the amount of
their capital stock in ciiculation. I say, there-
fore, that in order to make room for these green-
backs we ought to restrict that bank circulation.
Now, the banks have no restrictions, and they
may issue their notes ad libitum. By this pro-
posed tax we can restrict that circulation, and at
the same time derive from the ciiculation the rev-
enue to which we are entitled. And we can do
this without imposing any impropei burdens upon
the banks, because I have seen a calculation show-
ing that their usual profits are ulfelve and a half
per ccnt. I would like myself to see the rate of
circulation so restricted that the amount of circu-
lation should not exceed three fifths of the capital
stock.
Mr. WATTS. With the permission of the
committee, I wysh to ask their attention for a few
moments to the consideration of one or two points
in reference to the currency and the finances of the
country. The first point to which I wish to call
the attention of the committee is the impolicy of
continuing the issue of certificates of indebtedness.
And before I proceed to the discussion of any
of the points to which I shall advert, I would state
candidly and frankly that it is not my purpose or
desire to advocate any person's scheme, policy,
or amendment, or to put down any person's bill,
amendment, or financial policy, though if there are
any evils connected with the financial policy of
the country which make an impression upon inv
mind, I think I shall be excused for stating my
views upon them fiankly to the committee.
I had occasion, in speaking on this subject dur-
ing a previous session, to deprecate the policy of
issuing certificates of indebtedness, and I said then
that the experience of the country would prove
that they were nothing but swindling machines
by which the Government was robbed of six per
cent, interest, and the people robbed of from three
to five per cent, shave money.
Now. sir, what is the condition of things under  
this system of certificates of indebtedness? The
Government owes a man $10,000, and has done
so for six months. He comes to the capital for
his money, and he told here that he cannot be
paid, but that he can get a certificate of indebted-
ness bearing six per ccnt. interest; and on that
ceitificate of indebtedness the Government loses
six per cent, interest until it is redeemed. And
then what has'the honest holder of the certificate
of indebtedness to do with it ? He has to go into
the first broker's or money-lender's shop lie can
find,and haveinsceuifieateof indebtedness shaved
to the tune of thiee per cent., and to take the very
greenbacks which the Government might just as
well have paid him in at fitst, and discharged the
honest liability that it owed him. Why, then, not
provide for the abandonment of this policy, and
for the payment to the honest cieditors of the
Governmentofgreenbacks, which they would be
very glad to get and are very willing to take?
Now, Mr. Chairman, in theeloquentand classi-
cal language of the distinguished gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Cockling,] perhaps, at
this particular ptoint, it might be expedient4< to
