THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1863.
New Series No. I
The Senator tells us the country is sinking while
the Senator from Maine is toying with a two-
penny bill; but if he does not abandon it the Sen-
ator proposes to consume the time of the Senate
by au elaborate discussion of it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desired to call the Senator's
attention to the state'of the country; but if he will
persist in advocating a bill of this kind, and for-
cing it upon the attention of the Senate, it is no
reason why I should not discuss it if I think it
wrong. The point i make is nor because he chooses
to discuss the bill, but that he will oppose this bill
to the greatquestion indicated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, I do not desire to prevent him or
anybody else from doing it; but I want to vote
upon the other great question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to postpone the pending and all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 1£, na}^s 19; as follows:
Y£A^—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Doolittle, Fesscndcn,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, IJicks, Howe,
MeDougaM. Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumhuli, and Wilson ot
Massachusetts—16.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, ArnnM, Bayard, Carlile, Cow-
an, li.uris, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Morrill.
Pomeiov, Powell, Uicli/mi<on. SauUbury, Tnrpio, Wad'1,
Wilkm-on, Wjiiey, and Wilson at Missouri—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the-amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa to add the following proviso at
the end of the thiid section:
Pi ovidc.l, however, That the riijIiN and pnviloffes- li^iein
granted ^hall center 110 authority or right to interfere with
the United Stuff - military u-e or po-^e^ion of tin said road
or contemplated extension during the present tebelhon. or
to any claim foi damage- or teelamations theretoi.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I now offer an amendment
to insert at the end of the third section the follow-
ing:
The track of the haul road >diall he laid a<- nearly in the
center of the stieeN and aventu •< tlnoiigh which it pa^t-c.v
as may be without interfering with the: water main-- and
gas pipes ; and the speed of tiavel ^haii he Mibjcet to <«ueh
regulation-9 as the cot potato authorities of the e>ty of Well-
ington sdmll fiom tunc to tune pte>ciil>p, undci such pen-
alties as the said coipoiatc authouties shall impose
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is all provided
for now. It is subjected to the control of Con-
gress. However, 1 shall not object to it.
Mr, GRIM ES. The amendment ought, mani-
festly, to be adopted. Itcannotdo any harm even
if it is adopted elsewlmn in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to: there being, on
a division—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer an
amendment to insert at the end of the first sec-
tion the following:
Proi ide<?) That said enmp.uiyshai! be- authorized to charge
and iKC«;ive Kile* el ftei ht-* oi f,u"s not exceeding five
cent-< for each p"i>o!i tran-poit<;d and lor each ton con-
veyed on feaid load s-o extended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now 1 move an amendment
to come in immediately aftei the amendment last
adopted:
And pro tided aho, That no pei^on 5-lialJ he excluded fiom
the eai^ on account of color
I have only to say fhata statement was mode the
other day jn the House of Representatives which
certainly was a new illustration, ns it seemed to
me, of the batbansm left here from slavery: that
an aged colored person had been excluded from
the cars and dropped m the snow and mud. That
statement was made, I believe,in the other House.
That such an incident as thai could occur here in
Washington seems* to me disci editable; audi think
that Congress, m laying down legulations and
rules Tor this railroad, ought to interfere. I am
so! iv theie khould I".' any occasion fm it. I should
like "to have the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
84
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, as a question of law,
whether if this railroad company, being common
carriers, should drop any person or refuse to
carry any person who offered them their fare,
they would not be liable, as the law now stands,
without any express enactment?
Mr. SUMNER. If you ask me the question
as a lawyer, I should say they would be liable;
but I believe the experience is that that liability
is not recognized here; and the Senator knows
very weil that wherever slavery is in question,
human rights are constantly disregarded—those
principles of law which he recognizes are con-
stantly set aside; and therefore it becomes the
duty of Congress to interfere, and specially de-
clare them.
Mr. HOWE. Would the effect of the amend-
ment be any more than a reenactment of the ex-
isting law ?
Mr. SUMNER. That was said precisely about
the Wiimot proviso, the Senator will remember.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and on this question the yeas and
nays have been ordered. j
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 1
resulted—yeas 19, nays 18; as follows: I
Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Fewnden, 1
Foor. (itinK>k-, IlariH. itowaid, King, Lane of Kan-as,
Mornil, Pomerov, Sumner. Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
YVilkin-on, Wiimot. and Wilson oi Mas«saehii>ett*—19.
\AYri—Mes.-rv. Anthony, Hajaid, Cnrlile, Cowan,
Davis I{( ndei-iiit, Hick-, Howe.*Kt imedy, Lane of In-
diana. Latham, MeDoueali, Powell, KichaitNon, Saul.-<-
huiy, Ttupie, Wiiluy, and Wilson ot Missouri—lb.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 propose an amendmentto
insei t in the first section, nineteenth line, after the
word 44 ufoiesaul," these words: "or on the sttuc-
ture across the Potomac river mentioned in the sec-
ond section of this act.'' The object oi theamend-
ment, i«<, inasmuch as this section prohibits the
diawimjof 'he cars through the streets ot this
city by steam engines, that it shall also prohibit
the crossing of the river by the side of the Long
Bridge wtlh steam engines.
Mr. MORRILL, i do not see th" necessity of
that amendment. I can understand how there
might be a question about the manner of drawing
cdi's aci oss the streets, because a locomotive might
be injurious to the travel of the streets; hut lean-
not understand why Congress should v. ithhold its
assent to their running acioss a bridge ot their
own construction by a locomotive, a thing cer-
tainly common: and I do not understand how it
can come m contact with the public-inteiests or
the public convemenci .
Mr. TEAr EYCK. I understand by the second
section that this company are to have the pt mlcge
of constructing their laiiioad by the side of the
Lui;^ Bridge, and it is contemplated to attach this
structure to the bridge; and inasmuch as that
on dire is a mile in length, and is the only thorough-
far;- tor all the travel of wheel carriages between
the Noith and tin- South, it seems to me to be
directly to the interest of that traveling public
thai this comoany should be excluded from the
use on that in idge of steam engines i mining buck-
waulh and foruards incessantly along side of the
bridge. As the section is n-'t <_ruaid< d in thai pai-
liculai, i-'quniiiu thai the uuiroad bridge should
be so tonsti uct<"d and covered an to insmo the
safety of travel upon the Long Bndge, i  seem>-
to me it would prevent the passage of ordinary
■ travel over that bridge. The public are almost
' as much mteiested in having the eais diawn over
j there by other powi r tiian sn-am power as it is in
, having the ears drawn tlnou^h the stieets of the
: city by other powr than steam power. it is
1 with that vi. w that I offer the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to call the at-
; tuition of'in' £( oatm to the fifth line in this sec-
tion to m'" win ;hi-i" it <1 i< « iiot meet the objection.
The mhI'o'oi pa^age-way is to he constructed
\ in sus h a way as tl may render the same seie for
; publi'' us^,and ^oa^notto hinder the general uvrt
of said bridge for ordinary travel.*5 It seems to
me that the section is well guarded as it is. The
bridge is to j>e first constructed so as not to hinder
the use of the Long Bridge for ordinary travel; and
thatquestion is to be determined by the Secretary
of the Interior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the umeudment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have one other amend-
ment to propose. It is in the twentieth line of the
first section, after the word " Congress," to insert
the words "and of the corporate authorities of
the city of Washington;" so that this company
shall not be permitted to use steam engines in the
streets oracross this bridge without the consent of
the corporate authorities of the city of Washington
as well as of the Congress of the United States.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to say a word or two
before this bill passes. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate, and I will not for a moment
longer than may be necessary; but I desire to call
the attention of Senators to the fact that this route
and this road is in the control and in the use of
the War Department, and they need it for the
service of the Government. This bdl, or the bill
on which these amendments are founded, passed
the House of Representatives at the last session;
but the War Department, through the Quarter-
master General, sent a letter to the committee
requesting that this bill should not pass, on the
giound that they wanted this loute and this road
for the service of the country. Now, I desire to
ask Senators whether they want it any less now
than they did then > We propose here, at this
time and at the heel of the session, to grant a right
of way and the route for a road which ihe War
Department, in this great crisis of the nation, asks
shall not bo granted because they want it. I de-
sire to call the fact to the attention of the Senate,
that the Wat Department asks that it shall not be
p-ranted. I ask the Senator from Maine if he has
not or the committee have not received such a
letter dining this present session.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. They have; and we propose
now to giant this light of way when we want it
for national purposes. It seems to me it would
be better to wait until the War Department sig-
nifies to us, or the condition of the country shall
' signify to us, that they do not need it for national
J purposes; and then, when the lebellion is down
'j and the war over, grant it for the purposes of a
j; national highway, to such parties and for such
; i pu t poses as may seem to bo ad v i«a> de, and I shall
!| vote m favoi of the connection of the line; but
■j now is not the proper time.
Mr. MORRILL. The answer to that is this:
jj the bill provides that the company shall notinter-
1 ft-re with the use and occupation of the road by the
! War Department. That is expressly piovided
I for; and that is a full answer to that objection,
j CLARK. 1 do not understand it so.
Mr. MORRILL. The bill contains that pro-
vision. In addition to that, we have a communi-
I cation from the Secretaiv of the Interior recom-
mending it; and in addition to that, I hold in my
!i hand the report of the Commissioner of Public
■' Buildings and Grounds, who has charge of the
;! bridge, saying that unless Congress pass this act
II and this .company is authorized to build a sepa-
' j rate- pa^saire- way for the operat ion of this military
jj toad, it will he neccssarv for Congress to make a
ji large appropriation to rebuild the Long Bridge,
j: which is now used for a railroad and for the or-
I! dinnry travel. I think that is a full answer to the
argument o! the honoiaUe Senator.
! Mr. TEN EYCK. Will the Senator allow me
!| to ask him whether the report of the Onmrms-
