1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
soar aloft on the wings of illimitable expansion;"
[laughter;] but so far as that question is con-
cerned, I think it is a debatable point. There must
be some test, there must be some way in which
we can come to an inevitable conclusion when there
is an undue expansion of the currency. What
proposition is there by which we can eliminate
that difficult problem of when there is an undue
expansion of the currcncy and when there is not?
If I understand the matter, the rate of interest is
the only true test. The only mode by which you
can determine when there is an undue expansion
of the currency is by looking at the rate of interest.
If you find that the rate of interest is high, that it
is difficult to borrow money, and that those who
hold money demand an exorbitant rate of interest,
you may conclude with the utmost certainty that
there is no redundancy of cuircncy and no undue
inflation of the circulating medium. Now, I put
it to every intelligent member of the House, in
view of the present high rate of interest, can we
come to the conclusion that there is any redun-
dancy in the circulating medium? There is none.
Let me pass now to the consideration of an-
other point; and here I do not know thuta single
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
or a single member of the House will agree with
me, but so far as my individual opinion is con-
cerned, solitary and alone, 1 am agamstthe pay-
mentof the interest on the public debt in coin,
and against requiring the duties on imports to be
paid in com. Andwhy? I believe in a uniform
currency—a currency that if good for one man
shall be good foi all men—a currency that if good
for one purpose shall be good for all purposes.
Why, what would be thought of a wealthy and
respectable old gentleman who should invite his
neighbors to a dinner, and, after his guests had
arrived, should say to them, 44 You capitalists
and money-lenders, come in here and cat off my
gold and Mlvu,and drink my finest wines; but
you mem be i s of Congress, you common soldiers,
you Piesident of the United States, and ali you
other persons, stand out in the cold until after
these capitalists have eaten off gold and silver,
and then we will puton the china and the hogand
hominy for you?" [Laughter.] What is the
ellect of this lequiring duties to be paid in com
and of paying the intriest on the public debt in
coin? Does it not produce the very tendency we
all so much depi ecnie, to speculate in com and
dnve it out of circulation as a standard of value,
making if, like other kinds of propel ty, liable to
rise and full by the in'-vitable laws of demand and
supply ? This will be avoided bv a unifoim cur-
rency, auniform medium of exchange made good
not for A and 13 only, but for every man m the
country. If we aie to cut loose from a gold and
silver medium, and launch ourselves upon this
ocean of paper credits and cunency, docs not
every consideration of policy and justice demand
that we .shull make them as good as it is possible
for us to make them*
Ah ! but I think I hear some one say, il the
Constitution ! the Constitution ! the Constitution!
Do not violate the Constitution." Weil now, 1
think that I have, perhaps, a stronger revere nee and
a higher regard tor that instrument than any living
human beinq ; but I think that, in view of the past,
we mav ali of us come pretty well to the conclu-
sion that tins humbug of the Constitution is about
played out. [Laughter.] I think that the man
who expects that a country involved in a struggle
fui its existence; a country adrift upon the ocean
of political sti ife, re volution, discoi d, and conten-
tion—the man who expects the bark of the Con- >
stitntion to weather such a stoi m asis now around >
it without mjuiy to a single sail, or the breaking |
of a single iniio, or the loss of a single spar, has ,
studied the past to but little advantage. Tne Con- '
stitutiou ! What became of the Constitution when ,
South Carolina went out of the Union' A con- '
sideiablo spar went uvciboaid then. What be- ;
came of the Constitution when Mississippi se- i
ceded? Another hole was knocked tn the bottom ;
of the Constitution. What became of the Consti- 1
tutioit when our money was taken out of the sub- |
Treasui y at New Oi leans, our arsenals plundered, !
our aims taken, and a hostile army gathered to- ;
aether for the purpose of driving you out of this ;
Capi tol? OliI you must not hurt the Constitution; :
but the Constitution is being stabbed and lent and \
punctured at eveiy pore; and the beat we can do •
is to hold on to enough of it tolloatus into a safe T
and secure harbor, and when more prosperous
times smile upon us, weNwill try and build it up
again, and make it as perfect and beautiful as it
was in the beginning; and if there have been anv
evils connected with its we can provide against
their recurrence.
Now, we have heard a great deal about the rise
of gold, and the consequent fall of paper money.
I want to say a word or two on that point. What
would you think of the logic of that philosopher
who should say that because horses had risen in
the market fifty per cent., cows had fallen down
fifty per cent., and would not give half as much
milk? [Laughter.] I think if I had a boy study-
ing logic at a school where such a system of logic
as that was taught, I would try and find some
other professoi of logic to instill better notionsinto
his head. The idea that because gold has gone
up fifty per cent., and has ceased to be an aiticle
of exchange in the country, everything else has
gone down in the same ratio, is perfectly prepos-
terous and ridiculous. You may theorize just as
much as you piease, but you cannot dispel from
my mind the truth implanted theie by the actual
facts. Now, what is the actual fact* I went into
my tailoi's shop last year to pay for a suit of
clothes, and paid in gold; I go into the same shop
this yeai and get another suit from the same piece
of cloth, and pay m paper, and he does not charge
me a dollar more. ] s;o into the barber's shop,
to be shaved, and the barber does not charge me
a cent more tins year when I pay him in paper
than he did Inst year. I go down town to get my
boots blacked, and the bootblack does not charge
me a cent more this year when I pay him in paper
than he did last year when I paid him in coin. 1
2:0 to the railroad, and ride 011 the lailrond cars.
There they do charge me a little more, because
they are a corporation, and have notgot any tsoul.
How i« it with members of the House, so far as
our elegant and beautiful sheet cars art: concerned'
Last year wo had to be thundering utoutid 111 old
rickety omnibuses, for which we paid six cents.
Now the polite and gentlemanly conductors of the
city cars never think of charging us a single cent.
[Laughter.] And yet gold and silvet have gone
up fifty per cent. Everybody who has given the
matter leflection knows that gold has gone up
fi mn thi' e causes; first, its cxportaiioivto pay for
purchases in foreign countries; second, its expor-
tation to pay for the flood of Ameucan sccunties
sent over to this country for sale by those umoi ous
John bulls who thought we would be whipped by
the invincible southerners in six months; and,
third,Horn the fact that our legislation lias made
it an object for men to get hold of it and hoard it
away. Nor is that all. Theieis scaicely a lady
in the land who thinks hei self well dr« ssrd unless
she has fifty or Mxty dollais worth of gold about
liei peison; nor a gentleman fit to go about the
sticets without his gold timepiece costing two or
three hundred dollars, with a choin worth fifty or
sixty dollais mote. In New York, Boston,orPinl-
adelphia you sec glittering aiound gold enough to
plate a gunboat. [Laughter.]
The gold is not destroyed, Mr. Chairman; it
has merely changed 1*3 locality fiom enculation
into the pockets and money chests of the £hy-
locks and 1 imoi ous men. who would 1 atlu-r hoard
gold away, and keep it out of circulation, than
trust it to the Government of the United States to
aid in putting down the lehellion. I thmk it is
very evident that, so far as the gold and silver hum-
bug is concerned, it is about exploded also. If it
be exploded, and if we have released ourselves from
our obligation* to do business on the specie basis,
If t us cut loose oituely fi om t he system, and not
bans; on to it for one class of people, ignoi ing it
(or another < i iss. Let us not compel one class of
the commuivty to pav their dues to the Govern-
ment i 11 gold and siher,;md compel another class
to receive their debt«s tioni the Government in pa-
pei. Lit us have the blessing of a uniform cur-
n-ncy, if it be a blessing, no matter what that
currency may be. It was uniform when it was
gold and silver; let us have it uniform when it is
paper. If a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means would only just get up to-morrow,
and ninke the same speech as J have been making,
I venture to predict that befoie Saturday ni«ht
next gold would fall ten per cent, in the market,
[Laughter.] If it were in my power, I would
have every dollar of the Government's indebted-
ness paid in Treasury notes before the sun went
down. Every man who came into the Treasury
Department, and said, " pay me what the Gov-
ernment owes me; I am satisfied and anxious to
take greenbacks, and do not want any better cur-
rency," should have his account paid down to
him in greenbacks; and if one machine would
not furnish them fast enough, I would buy two,
[Laughter.] I would furnish them until the rate
of interest should come down to such a reasona-
ble notch that the Government could afford to go
on with some prospect of ultimately paying the
amount of its indebtedness and interest.
Mr. Chairman, I am m favor of taxation, and
of high taxation; just as high as may be neces-
smy to provide for the wants of the Government.
W hate vet defects I may have, and whatever blun-
ders 1 may commit, I want it distinctly and em-
phatically understood that 1 am not one of those
anti-tax, anti-draft, habeas corpuspsLivlols. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, with my kindest thanks
to the committee for its patient attention during
these bnef icmarks, I leave the question of the*
finances to be discussed by older and abler mem-
bers.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, the last amend-
ment proposed to this bill presents the whole ques-
tion in what I conceive to be its true form. The
bill reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means contains seven distinct propositions—two
of them relating to banking and curvency. The
amendment offered by my colleague [Mr. Hoop-
er] removes these two points entirely from our
consideration. It contemplates nothing but the
use of the national credit for raisingrmoney where-
with to cany on this war. Its first proposition
is, that tins £i900,003,000 shall be issued in three
dliferent forms, at the pleasure of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The first form is that of coupon
bonds, bearing interest at six per cent, and paya-
ble in twenty years. A provision is made that
he may issue them on the best terms he can make.
1 think that that is a wise provision. Itgives him
a chance,and can do no harm. The amendment
also retains the provision that the interest is to be
payable in coin. This is a mere ma iter of expe-
diency. If, having commenced on a bad system,
it is necessary for us to continue in it, then, of
course, that feature of the bill must be retained.
If it is not necessary, I should prefer that it was
struck out; but I shall make no motion m regard
to if, as 1 am no judge as to whether it is neces-
sary or not.
The next pi oposition of the amendment is that
relating to Ticasuiy notes. Tins is very much
modified fiom the corresponding section in the
oiiginal hill. It is modified in several particulars.
In the first place, the rati' of interest, as I had the
honor to suggest last week, is fixed at six per
rent. In the second place, the interest is to be
payable in lawful money. That isanother point
which I thought impoitant. In the t'niid place,
the interest is to be paid at such time as is cx-
piessed on the face of these Tieasui y notes. That
is another very important point, and one which
should be kept in view; because it gives the Sec-
retary the ehoice of making these notes of small
denominations pavable semi-annually, or at the
end of three years. I have no doubt he will choose
the latter. I do not see what objection can be
made to this proposition in regard to Treasury
notes. It seems to me to correspond entirely with
the idea of making them really circulation bonds.
They aie the same thing by dtffeient names. An-
other provision in the ameudnu nt is, that these
Treasury notes shall be convertible into all Gov-
ernment dues, except customs; so that you will
observe, Mr. Chairman, that they nre of the same
character as currency, so far as their converti-
bility is concerned. They may be used justlike
legal tender notes. They are, in fact, if so de-
sired, to all intents and purposes kgal tender notes.
That is a consideration which should be kept in
mind by the committee, and by all who are con-
sidering the question on which we arc now en-
gaged.
The other proposition in the amendment is in
regard to the issue of common greenbacks, the
legal tender notes. It is the same, I brieve, as
that of the original bill. The same omission ex-
ists in the amendment as exists in tiie original
bill; that is, the omission of any u>: on the issue
of fractional cui rency by corporations or inuwid-
uals. If such a tax be not imposed, that part of
