1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
eioner of Public Buildings does not contain this
further idea: that it is necessary to buiid this road
alongside of the Long Bridge m order to keep it
up and to strengthen it? Ls not that idea con-
tained in his report? «
Mr. MORRILL. It may be; I cannotanswer.
Mr. TEN EYCK. That proves that the design
is to put this railroad by the side of this bridge
and attach it to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I will take
this occasion, not so much to engage in this argu-
ment as to make an answer to a suggestion that
the War Department asks that this project shall
not be carried out. I had occasion, some time
before the meeting of the present Congress, to say
to the man who should be master of the War De-
partment, but I fear is not, that the present Sec-
retary had plundered this Government, and that
the evidence could be found among the public rec-
ords, and that if lie continued in office I should
regard it as my duty to state it upon the floor of
the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will permit me,
it is due to the chief of the War Department to
say that the communication is not from him, but
from the chief of the quartermaster s department,
General Meigs.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I embrace the present oc-
casion to redeem tins promise,made b\ me in care-
ful conveisation. I have this opportunity, and I
now denounce the head of the Wai Department as a
public plunderer to > ou Senator*, and in the pus-
ence of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. I call die Senator to order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I assert that the person
at the head of the War Department while in public
office, or while representing public ofnee, plun-
dered the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Anthony.)
The Senator from Maine taises a point of order.
Ho will state his point of oider.
Mr. MORRILL. My point of order is that the
Senator's remarks are not relevant to this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hold a Senator to he
above a Seco-tary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Senator
from Maine raises a point of order that the re-
marks of tin* Senator from California are not m
order. The Chair, in pursuance of what is under-
stood to be the decision of the permanent Piesid-
mg Officer, that the rules shall be enforced at this
stage of the session, decides that the Senator from
California :s not proceeding in order.
Mr. Mf DOUG ALL. i'undersuMul the point
of order to be that it was out of order to speak ill
of this dignitary, and I will appeal from the decis-
ion. I should like to know whet! or a Senator
may discuss the public virtues of a Secretary. I
want it decided now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, *4 Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr, McDOUGALL. I appeal from the dens-
ion, and upon that I ask foi the vms and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER." The Senator
from California appeals from the decision of the
Chair. The question is, u Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate*"
Upon that question the yens and nays are re-
quested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. 1 do not understand the question.
Is it a point of order laised because the Senator
said he would take thjn occasion to denounce the
President5
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; the Secretary of
War.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChau will
state the point of order. The point of ordei taken
by the Senator from Maine is that the Senator
from California was not proceeding in order be-
cause his remarks were not relevant to the ques-
tion under discussion. The Chair decided the
point of order to be well taken. From that de-
cision the Senator from California has appealed,
and on that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL I assett that the argu-
ment is relevant, and i shall demonstrate it. I
will take this occasion, as I have promised the
President of the United States I would do, and as
this may be the last occasion when it will be per-
tinent; and it i? pM-no^ni now 
M- TRT.7\TP*rLL Let me appeal to ?he Sen-
ator from California to withdraw this point of
order. It is consuming time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have made no motion.
I have made an observation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understood the Senator
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr.McDOUGALL. Yes.sir; and I have called
for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator insists upon
it let us vote; but I hope he will withdraw it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will withdraw it, al-
though I should like an expression of opinion to
see if the Senate of the United States dare to spec k
the truth.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
asks leave to withdraw the appeal, which can only
be done by general consent, the yeas and nays
having been ordered. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. It is withdrawn. The question now is on
the passage of the bill, and on that question the
yeas and nays have b'-cn ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—M<vr-,iv. Anthonj, Arnold, Cowan, D;ivi<j, Tunt,
Hams, llowaid, Howe, Laue of Indiana, Lane of Kan>as.
McDougall, MorriiK I'omeroy, Rice, Richardson, Siimnerj
Tiumhnll, Wade. Wilkuis-ou. Willcy, Wiluiot, and Wil-
[ son of Ma^nr-lm^tl*—-0.
NAW—Mo^h. Bayard, Chandlei, Cl.uk, Per^endon.
; Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, IJicks, Kennedy, La-
| tham, Powell, Saulcbury, T''  T'sok, Wall, and Wii-on of
: Missouri-—16.
i So the hill was passed.
J POTOMAC 'WATER "WORKS.
| Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, nearly a year
j ago the Senate passed a bill (S. No. 231) amend-
j atoryof an actentitled "An act to provide for the
: care and pieservation of the works constructed by
the United States for bringing the Potomac water
into the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
for the supply of said water for all governmental
purposes, and for the uses and benefit of the in-
habitants of said cities.M The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony! made a motion on the next
day, the 7th of April, 1862, to reconsider it. Thai
motion to reconsider has retained the bill in the
possession of (he Sen ae fiom that turn to tins.
I move that it be now taken up, if the Senator
does not wuluhnw it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will, with the assent of
the Senate, withdraw the motion to reconsider.
ThcPRESlDENT pro tempore, Thatean only
be done by permission of the Senate. If no ob-
jection be made the motion will be withdrawn.
The Chair hoars no objection.
saint ann's infant asylum.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one other bill from
the Committee on the District of Columbia in
charge of the Senator from .Maine.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate pro-
| coed to the consideration of IIoiuo hill No. 712.
! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
! in Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to consider
i the bill (II.Tt. No. 712) toincoiporateSaint Ann's
j Infant Asylum in the District of Columbia. It
I proposes to make Theresa A. Costello, Lucy
; Gwynn, Margaiet Bowden, Sarah M. Can oil,
Catharine Ryan, Louisa Fisher, and Catharine
; Shea, and their successors, a body politic and cor-
porate forever, by the name of Saint Ann's Infant
' Asylum, for i lie purpose of establishing and nuun-
■ taming in the city of Washington, m tiie District
: of Columbia, an institution for the maintenance
| and support of foundlings and infant orphan and
, half orphan children, and also to provide foi de-
; set ving indigent and unprotected females during
then confinement in childbirth; and by that name
: they aie to have the usual powers of a corpota-
tion.
; The second section provides that thy corpora-
tion shall lie entitled to retain under their care,
charge, and restraint, and subject to the rules and
discipline of the coinoration, all foundlings and
. infante hi Id tm committed to their keeping, as fully
and completely, to all intuits and pmp-'^es, as if
they were icgui.uly indentuiedand bound appren-
tices to the institution, until they shall be, if males,
twenty-oil" years old, and if females, eigh'cen
, years old, or any shorter period that may be
agreed upon. The corpoiation are to have power
to bind them out for a time not to exceed the ages
of twenty-one and eighteen years, respectively,
as apprentices to learn any trade or business, or
to learn to be useful in housekeeping, or mav, un-
der terms proper in the view of the coipoiation,
and to be by them stipulated, place them for adop-
tion, or as inmates with any families or persons,
the corporation not being restricted in the exercise
of their powers of binding or placing out to the
District of Columbia; and ail such acts aie to be
in writing, signed by the president of the corpo-
ration, and sealed with their corporate sea', and
signed and sealed by the persons taking the chil-
dren as apprentices,and acknowledged by the par-
ties before a justice of the peace in and for the Dis-
trict,and within one month thereafter recoided in
the office of the register of wills for the District
Congress may at anytime hereafter alter,amend,
or repeal this act.
Mr. MORRILL. There were certain amend-
ments reported by the committee to this bill; but
1 am authorized by the committee to state that
they are not to be insisted upon by the commmee,;
and if it is proper for me to do so I will with-
draw the amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Amendments
reported by a committee cannot be withdrawn
by a member of the committee. By unanimous
consent of the Senate, however, the amendments
may be withdrawn. No objection being mt\de
they are withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thiid time, and passed.
property in insurrectionary districts.
Air. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up Senate
bill No. 544.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 544) to provide for the collection
of abandoned property, for the purchase of staples,
and for the pievention of frauds in insurrection-
ary districts within the United States. The hill,
as onginally introduced by Mr. Chandler, pro-
vides that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of
the Treasnry. as he shall from time to time see fit,
to appoint a special agent or agents to collect all
abandoned pioperty m any State or Territory, or
any portion of any State or Territory, of the Uni-
ted' States, designated as in insurrection against
the lawful Government of the United States by
the proclamation of the President of July 1, 1SG2,
and dispose of the same as the Secretary shall di-
rect. It is to be lawful for such agent or agents,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, to purchase cotton, rice,
sugar, and tobacco at such price or prices as may
be agreed on, not exceeding the market pi ice of
such article at the place of sale, nor two thirds of
the market price thereof in the city of New York
at the date of the last quotations known to such
agent. On making such purchases proper instru-
ments m 111plicate are to be executed by such
agent or agents, and the seller or his agents, stat-
ing the property purchased, the nature and quan-
tity of the property, the price paid therefor, and
the name or names of the party or parties of whom
the same, is purchased ; one of which triplicates is
to be forwarded to the Secretary of the Treasury,
one is to be retained by such agent, and one is to
be delivered to the party or his agent of whom the
property is purchased.
All such goods or property collected or pur-
chased by such agent or agents are to be forward-
ed to the city of New York, and to such other
places as the Secretary of the Treasury may di-
rect, wheie it is to be sold at public sale to the
Inquest bidder, and the proceeds of such sale are
to be paid into the Treasury of the United States;
but any part of such proceeds may be used in fur-
ther purchases under this act, and any abandoned
and collected property may be sold or appropri-
ated to public uses where found, or elsewhere, as
the public interests may require.
The Secretary of the Treasury may require the
spccial agents appointed under this act to give
a bond with such securities and in such amount
as he shall deem necessary, and to require the in-
crease of the amounts and the strengthening of
the security, as circumstances may demand, and
he is also to cause a book or books of account to
be kept, showing from whom such property was
received or purchased, the prices at which it was
purchased and sold, and the cost of purchase,
transportation, and sale thereof;and the party or
parties from whom such property was received
