392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
the bill wiH be a failure. A member of the Com-'
mittee of Ways and Means intimates to me that
that is to be done. I regard it as entirely essen-
tial, and I am glad it is to be done.
Now, this separates the question entirely from
all currency and banking, and presents the whole
matter in the most simple form. It may be a mat-
ter for discussion and consideration whether we
will give to the Secretary this general power of
issuing the whole $900,000,000 in bonds, or in
Treasury notes, or in legal tender notes. I express
no opinion on that point, inasmuch as I do not
myself consider it important.
One thing is ccrtain: we are in such an emer-
gency at the present time that it is not worth while-
for us to be very particular. We cannot, if we
would, insist upon many things that under other
circumstances we ought to insist upon. Congress
ougjit never to part with any power conferred
ypon it by the Constitution, unless when a great
emergency arrises like the present, when it may
. temporarily depart from the strict line of duty
pi-escribed for it. It may, and it must, in case of
war, necessarily delegate a great deal of power
which in times of peaces it would be proper and
its.duty to retain in its own hands.
.And now, sir, as this subject of banking has
been introduced into the debates upon this bill,
and has occupied a great portion of the attention
of the very able colleague of mine who this morn-
ing addressed! the House, [Mr. Hooper,] I think
I may be indulged in deviating somewhat from
the line of argument I would otherwise have pur-
sued in replying to some of the propositions which
have been stated upon this great subject of issuing
bonds to these local banking institutions, and then
of permitting them to issue currency for the use
of the people.
This, sir, is to my mind a very grave subject—
grave because the measure proposed, if adopted,
will establish a great principle, no less than the
formation of a copartnership between this Gov-
ernment and thirteen hundred banks, or sixteen
hundred banks if the Union is restored through-
out the United States. It is to authorize what has
never before been authorized by law. We are to
issue bonds to the banks having twenty years to
run, and thus we are to bind ourselves to continue
the partnership with the banks for twenty years,
and therefore the question rises to a still graver
importance.
For one, I am not ready to give my assent to
theestablishmentofsuch a system,and for reasons
that I will endeavor in part to state. In the first
place, the bill does not provide that the present
existing banks shall take the bonds you propose
to issue. It proposes, if my recollection serves
me right, that any five individuals who can raise
$50,000 in bonds, may commcncc banking any-
where, in any part of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that this is giving
a wonderful license to banking—an immense li-
cense to the whole system. Any bank under it
may be established anywhere, in the most remote
part of the country, in a " wild-cat'5 region, that
nobody knows anything about, by entirely irre-
sponsible persons. To be sure, you compel them
to deposit bonds; but that docs not compel them
to conduct their business with honesty and fair
dealing, as the interests of the people require.
Not at all. You give an immense license. I am
astonished that so able a man in finance should
lend his assent to such a proposition, which, it
seems to me, is fraught with such immense injury
to the well-being of our people, and so highly ob-
jectionable in every point of view.
I say, then, in the first place, that this is a most
pernicious system, even if it were generally adopted
by the reliable banks now in operation; butlsay,
in the second place, that the oldest and best banks
will not, in all probability, accept it at ail. They
will prefer to continue in their old line of busi-
ness, and they will not take your bonds in order
to confer upon them the privileges which are pro-
posed. Your bonds will go into the hands of those
new houses, those new firms, and they will issue
your currency, and by their means the currcncy
of the country will be immensely extended be-
yond what it is now, as well as immensely depre-
ciated below what it is now. And what is it to-
day? Over $600,000,000. That alone, it seems
to me, should be a conclusive argument against
the adoption of this proposed scheme.
Then again, thequesuon may very well be asked,
and it seems to me ought to have been asked in
the outset, what good purpose is all this scheme
to accomplish ? What good will it do ? Citibono?
What ostensible good is it proposed to effectuate ?
In the first place, a sale of United States bonds.
Very well; but the Secretary has had the candor
—and he is a very candid and, T think, a very
honest and a very able man—to tell us he does not
expect that more than $25,000,000 of bonds can
be disposed of in a whole year. How much of
an object is it, I pray, in this disturbed condition
of public affairs, for us to establish a system which
is not to produce more than $25,000,000 a year
by the sale of bonds? It will amount to very lit-
tle in any event; and particularly when you take
into consideration that the greater portion of what
is taken will be by " wild-cat" banks.
I object to this proposed system again, be-
cause there is a great fallacy held out to the public
mind in relation to this whole thing, a great delu-
sion; it is universal; it pervades the whole public,
like an atmosphere, everywhere; and what is it?
Why, that if you only secure ultimate payment
by the banks, that is all you are to care about ;
it is security that is the great desideratum, and
•when you have secured that, I rather thought my
honorable friend intimated you had secured a safe
currency. I deny it entirely. I deny that it will
be any single particle safer than the old currency.
That it will be ultimately redeemable, if closely
looked after, I admit; but what is the great essen-
tial quality which you want in a currency ? Re-
deemability? No, sir, convertibility. What do
we see in the State of New York ? Have not they
a large number of banks, issuing an immense
amount of currency, all funded upon State stocks,
which are always at par,alwaysgood ? Certainly.
And yet every one of these batiks fails, whenever
there is a commcrcial revulsion, with the rest.
When one goes down, all go down. There is not,
practically, the slightest diiference between them.
Whenever there comesa pressure for money—not
currency—that moment the banks all fail. You
have the security of ultimate redemption, but there
is no security for the currency. I beg gentlemen
to recollect that the system which is proposed is
lacking, totally wanting, in the great essential of
a sound and safe currency, and that is, convert-
ibility. Why not conveitible? Because a bank
issues $500,000 of currency, with but $100,000
of money to base it upon. When a pressure
comes, what is the bank to do? It must fail, be-
cause it is not convertible. That is not the cur-
rency we want. That is not a currency on which
to base the business of the country. It is a horri-
ble currency. It is a currency that, if established
on the immense scale now proposed, will prove
destructive of all the great commercial interests of
the country. The idea that this system is going
to give us a convertible currcncy ! There is not
a word of truth in it. It is one grand deception,
one grand failure, one grand swindle, if anybody
thinks so. I beg that that may be recollected.
In a matter so essential, we business men—and
I have the right so to speak—have a right to be
heard. What has been the trouble with us in the
past? When there was a demand for money we
went to the banks for loans and failed to procure
them. The banks were taking in their currency
as lapidly as possible. Why? Because having
but ono dollar in money for every twenty dollars
m currency they must take it in or stop. There
is no other way. What then? There is distress,
sacrifice, failures, and the whole country plunges
into horrible bankruptcy. That has been the his-
tory of the operations of banks in the past, and that
will be their history in the future, if you establish
the system of taking the currency of these banks in
place of stocks. Then you say that hehas the right
to sell these stocks. I should like to see the honor-
able Secretary going into the market with these
stocks when the banks have suspended owing
0100,000,000. Who expects that he could get any
considerable avails from these bonds at such a time?
You cannot deny it. When the banks failed you
could notget these stocks off. What would you do
then? You are brought up " all standing.'' That
will be as certain as we are in this room. There is no
dodging it. These notes will not then be any bet-
ter than those of the western wild-cat banks. We
have an example of such banks in Illinois. There
the banks were, as an experiment, founded upon
the stocks of the southern States; and as soon as
the rebellion broke out the whole thing collapsed.
The loss was very great. Illinois was most ter-
ribly cursed with this sort of money. I do not
think that she will ever go into the experiment
again. If she does she deserves to be again cursed.
If you take one step there is no stopping place.
In Massachusetts where we are respectable and
law-abiding, we have, I think, the best mixed
banks in the United States.
I have heard the argument advanced here, that
as money increases in circulation the rate of in-
terest is reduced. That is not so. Those who
are and have been in business know that when
money is plenty interest is high. There are many
reasons to explain why it is so.
Mr. WATTS. When a farmer raises the most
wheat, is wheat then at the scarcest? [Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman does not un-
derstand my point. When there is an expansion
of the currency in circulation, itstimulates specu-
lation ; and as speculation and trade increase there
becomes an enhanced rate of interest, because oi
the'increased demand for money. Every gentle
man must understand that.
Mr. STEVENS. What does the gentleman
consider is the rate of interest we are now paying
on the seven-thirties?
Mr. WALKER. Something like ten per cent.
Mr. STEVENS. I take it to be somewhat
about eleven per cent.
Mr. WALKER. When the circulating medium
is increased, all the branches of trade and com-
merce become stimulated into unusual activity.
The more the currency is expanded the more there
is a desire for further expansion. Obligations are
made and renewed, and more and more currency
is required to meet them. The rate of interest,
therefore, is generally higher when money is most
plenty. It is like a balloon. As paper money is
expanded the price of everything goes up. It goes
higher and higher with every new issue, until at
last there is a collapse.
Mr. WATTS. When the balloon is bursted
who cares whether it is by oxygen or hydrogen ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. When we know the result
in past cases, we will avoid like errors in the fu-
ture. I once saw a diagram showing this who]-
matter. It showed the relation between the quan -
tity of money and the rate of interest. In times
of expansion the rate of interest has always gone
up. When it gets up to thirty per cent, then look
out for an explosion. Now, sir, the bill offered
by my excellent colleague [Mr. Hooper] does
not remedy the matter at all—not in the slightest.
I will not further follow the matter at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the commit-
rise
Mr. STEVENS. I will not ask to limit debate
this evening; yet, in the morning, unless I should
see gentlemen who are anxious to speak on the
matter, I shall ask for a vote.
The motion'was agreed to.
*So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Pike
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly riouse bill No. 659, to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol 
lowing message, in writing, from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I have signed the joint lesolutlon to provide for the imme-
diate payment of the Army and Navy ol the United States,
passed by the House of Representatives on the 14th, and hy
the Senate on the 15th instant.
The joint resolution is a simple authority, amounting,
however, under existing pircurns-tances, to a direction to
the Secretaty of the Tieasuty to make an additional issue
of $L0U,O00,n00 in United States notes, if so much money
is needed, for the payment of the Atmy and Navy.
My approval is given in order that every possible faci!it<
may be afforded for the prompt discharge of ali arreai*. o
pay due to our soldiers and our sailois.
While giving this appioval, however, I think it my dur 
to express my sincere regret that it has been found rn-eer
pary to authorize so large an additional issue of Uniu.d
States notes, when this, circulation and that of the fu.*-
pended banks together have become already fo redundant
as to increase prices beyond real values, thereby augment-
ing the cost of Jiving to the injury of labor, and the eo.st of
supplies to the injury of the whole country.
it seernsvery plain thatcontinued issues of United States
notes, without any check to the issues of suspended banks,
