13S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
from Connecticut. The general terms of the bill
would apply to vessels, to a steamboat that was
captured on tin* Mississippi river or on the At-
lantic ocean, and would interfere with the general
laws which we have on that subject. We have
laws regulating the disposition of a vessel which
is captured as a prize. I am not sure but this
would interfere with that whole system. I sug-
gest this to the consideration of my fiiend from
Michigan, to know if he has compared it with the
other laws on this subject; if there may not be
danger of interference.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that this bill was drawn by the
Secretary of War arid the Secretary of the Treas-
ury together,very carefully drawn, and very care-
fully prepared. Of course it necessarily gives
pretty large discretion to the Secretary of the
Treasury. I take it there cannot be any conflict
between the Treasury and War Departments.
Munitions of war, it is perfectly well understood,
thatare captured by the Army belong to the Army.
Forage, and all regular army supplies that are
captured belong to the Army. They would not
underfills bil! be turned over to the Treasury De-
partment. This is intended to prevent the de-
moralization of the Army which has resulted from
the operations in cotton and other products of the
South which have from tune to time been taken
possession of by the Army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting, after the word " property," in the sixth
line of the first section, the words, u except cap-
tures of property taken by the land and naval
foices," which will relieve the bill from the objec-
tion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. U would destroy the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me the bill ought to he amended so as not to apply
to cannon ornrms ormunitions of war in any way.
Mr. CHANDLER- ( will accept an amend-
ment of that kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator froin Virginia.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
adding as a new section:
Jhul be it further enacted, Thnt none of the pmvisiontf of
tlu.s act a|H>ly to prop.Hy ot'anv debellation ruptured
by the naval I'oices of the United States.
Mr. CU AN DLER. Three fourths of all those
products me taken by the Navy of the United
Stares. The cotton is nearly all captured by the
Navy. Nearly all of these articles which we
desire to protect and place in the hands of the
Treasury Department are actually taken posses-
sion of by our gunboats. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw the amendment.
Mr GRIMES. The statement just made by
the Senator from Michigan ought to sat isfy every
member of this body that the bill ought not to
pass. What is it proposed to do? By this one
hill to overturn all your laws that have been made
on your statute book for sixty years in regard to
prizes. You are interfering with the rights of
every man w ho lias made a capture or has enlisted
with the stipulation, on your pai t, that he should
have a portion of the proceeds of every capture
that shall be made by the vessel with which he
is connected.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 am perfectly willing
that this shall not apply to captures at sea.
Mr. G RIMES This bill applies to captures on
land, and all captuie-; by the naval forces of the
L nited States within a mat me league of the shore
or upon any of (he rivers of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. And very properly,
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senate is prepared to
overturn all the laws on this subject, as it is evi-
dently the intention of the bill to'do, let the Sen-
ate so vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. The object of this 1ml is
to take possession of this abandoned propeity foi
the benefit oftheGovernmentof the United States,
iu«t(.ad of for the benefit of the officers who may
happen to be in command of a gunboat for the
time being. Heie are millions of bales of cotton
scattered all over the country which the people in
the South are burning as our troops advance. We
now desire to save this vast amount of property
for the benefit of the United States. We do not
wish it to be captured and divided among the of-
ficers who may happen to be in command of the
gunboats for the time being. If Senators desire
that it shall all go into the hands of the officers of
the Navy instead of into the Treasury of the na-
tion, of course they will vote against this bill; but
my object is to secure it to the Treasury of the
nation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree that it is important
to pass some hill on this subject. 1 think that the
Government of the United States ought to take
possession of the cotton in the southern country
as our Army advances; and I think it has been
a source of great demoralization and injury to the
"Army that officers and privates and citizens have
been permitted to go down as our Army advances
and speculate in cotton, as has been charged. I
do not know how extensively the officers may
have engaged in this business, but we all know
that the country is full of accusations against men,
otherwise of high character and standing m the
country, in consequence of their alleged specula-
tions in cotton; and charges are made that our
soldiers have been used to advance the puiposes
of these speculators. I agree entirely with the Sen-
ator from Michigan that it is very desirable to pass
a bill t.o regulate this subject, that we should have
a law by which the Government of the United
States may take possession of this property; and,
perhaps, if 1 understood this bill better, 1 should
find that it is more closely guarded than it seems
to me on first impression to be. My attention has
only been called to it since it was called up to-day,
and I have not had time to examine it carefully;
but 1 think it is too bioad as it is now; and I
should like the Clerk to report the amendment in
the sixth line of the fn^t section, as it will govern
me to some extent in my vote on the amendment
now pending,
Mr. CHANDLER. It was not adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think one amendment
was adopted nt the end of the sixth line.
Mr. GRIMES. The word " captured5' was in-
serted before the word " properly," so as to read,
"all abandoned or captured property,"
Mr. CHANDLER. Rut the Senator from Illi-
nois refers to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Virginia, which was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall move at the proper
time, then,after the word ki pioperty," m the sixth
line, to insert these words:
Except munitions of war ami Mipphes taken for the u->e
ol"the Aiinv or \Tavy.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.-?The question
is on the pending amendment moved by the Sen-
atoi from Iowa as an additional section.
Mr. CHANDLER, l-bope the Senator from
Iowa will withdraw that.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I insist upon the
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 trust the Senate will re-
ject it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported again.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows;
Wh</ he it fuithn fiiadcd, Til.it none fit" the pioviMons of
tins ,u i shall apply to piop-ntyot ,iny di^cnpUou eaptined
by the naval louvs of the United Staler.
Mr. Oil AN DLtill. That, as every Senator
will see, will destroy the hill. The property is
of course nearly all captured upon the rivers, and
the greater portion of it is captured by our gun-
boats. This amendment, instead of turning it
into the Treasury of the United States, would
turn the whole of it into the pockets of the com-
manders of naval vessels. If Senators desire that,
they will vote for the amendment.
Mr. GR1A1ES. It seems to me that the Sen-
ator ft urn Michigan, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, might have made a more ac-
curate statement if he informed himself in regard
to the captures that have been made on the west-
ern waters than that which he has made. The
whole amount of cotton bales that have been cap-
ita ed by the naval forces on those i tvei s is between
seven and ei^ht hundud. la that all the cotton
which has been captuied J It is a very small pro-
portion of it, Mr, President, that lias been cap- '
tared by the na\al forces. The rebels have not i
put then* cotton on steamboats for the purpose of*;
being captured. They had not brought it into '
close proximity to the river, where the parties
who have it in charge can be reached by the gun-
boats.
The purpose the Senator has in view, I suppose
—and I agree with him in that purpose—is to es-
tablish some sort of system by which the specu-
lation in cotton on the rivers and in the interior
of the country where the armies are shall be reg-
ulated. 1 agree with him and with the Secretary
of the Navy and with the Secretary of War, that
as it has been heretofore conducted, it has been
exceedinglydemoralizinguponourforc.es. Tthink
that something ought to be done, but that some-
thing is not to be accomplished by overturning all
the laws in icgard to piizes that have been estab-
lished for the last sixty years, and which were a
part of your contract with your officers and your
men when they went out to fight your battles. I
do not believe in the propriety of striking at them
when they are in the field or on the wave trying
to fulfill the contract that they entered into with
you to uphold your flag, and have not an oppor-
tunity to be heard here in the halls of Congress.
That is my objection to the bill. It does not do
to say because 1 am opposed to overturning that
contract, because I am opposed to repealing the
laws as they now stand, that I am not in favor of
putting into the Treasury of the United States all
the money that can be legitimately and properly
and legally derived from the sale of cotton.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is an anomalous case.
Your laws regulating captures by your Navy were
intended of course to apply to the ocean. Here
we have now a Navy ranging all through the great
Mississippi valley. They are a soit of naval po-
lice. This property is seized upon land; it is not
seized upon steamboats; it is seized upon land,
and seized by the Navy. There is no more rea-
son why that propeity should be given to the of-
ficers commanding a gunboat than there is that it
should be given to the colonel commanding regi-
ment. It is not within the contract which the Sen-
ator affirms is made with your naval command-
ers. It was notintended that their captures should
be upon land. As cvei y Senator will see, this is
an entirely different ease from any one ever con-
templated when the laws regulating the disposal
of captures by sea were made.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted. As
I said before, there is not one particle of reason
why the captain and men of a gunboat sailing up
the Cumberland river should be entitled to divide
| the proceeds of the cotton which they seize, any
; more than why a regiment should divide among
; its officers and men the pioceeds of the cotton
|| seized by them. I hope the amendment will not
! prevail.
!j Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me nsk the Senator
j; from Michigan how it would be if one of our ves-
i; sels, going up the Cumberland river or down.
1 the Mississippi, should capture a rebel gunboat.
|| You would not want to turn it over to the Treas-
ij ury Department. That gunboat would probably
i! be used by our forces in turn against the enemy.
!; Mr. CHANDLER. But your amendment cov-
!. ers that—" munitions of war."
ji Mr. GRIMES, Is a gunboat a munition of
!l war?
i; The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
i. Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays, and
| they were ordered.
l! Mr. FOSTER. 1 should like to inquire of the
gentlemen who have examined the bill, whether,
]' without this amendment, if the bill passes as itis,
i: it will not interfere decidedly with our present law
!j of prize, and whether it will not deprive the offi-
j! cois and crews of out national ships of what,ae-
cording to the laws of war, they are entitled to;
>i whether it will not be to a certain extent, at least,
■ ! calculated to diminish their ardor somewhat in the
'! seivice if they are fighting on different rules and
pi inciples from what men m the naval set vice have
1 ever been called upon to fight on b*'foie. There
may bo reason for it; but 1 know no reason why
, they should not rathet be stimulated than re-
'' stiumed in their ardor. 1 should be certainly op-
■ posed to taking away any of the privileges, any
of the emoluments, as much as I would he from
taking away any of the glory which would result
' to the Navy from any captuies which they may
■ make.
! Mr. HOWARD. I simply wish to announce,
i before the vote is taken, that I shall offer, as an
