1803.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment to section one, a proviso, somewhat
in the following words:
Provided, That Mich property Mi all not be construed lo
include properly of any kind or description which has been
used or which was intended to bo used tor waging or car-
rying on wat against the United States, such as tiring ord-
naiuus, ship*?, r-teamhoats and other water craft, and thoir
furniture, forage, military supplies, and all munitions of
war.
That will limit the operation of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cannot
be acted on at present*, and the Chair will also
suggest that it is not competent for a member to
accept a modification of a bill reported by a com-
mittee. It is always competent for a member,
.before any action is had on a proposition of his
own, to accept an amendment to it; but a propo-
sition coming from a committee cannot be modi-
fied by the aceeptancoofasingle member, whethei
he is on the committee or not. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs-. Anthonv. Arnold. Cailile, Cowan, f)oo-
little, Fessfuden, Fo-km. Gnmcs, Harlan. Harris, llicks,
Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDousall,
PomMoy, Powell, llice. RiciKud-on, Sumner, Tu.pio,
Wall, VV'llev, YYilmot, Wilson ot Massachusetts, and Wii
fcott ot Missouri—'11.
S \Yr?—Chandler, Davi?. Foot, Howaid,
of Kansas, Morrill, Ten Ivyek, Trumbull. Wade, and Wi,
kiii*.on—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move as an amend-
ment to section one this proviso:
Provided, That s-uoh property shall not include any kind
or de&ciiption of piopeity which lia-s been used oi which
w.i^ intended to be u-ed for waging or cmrying on wai
ns.uust the United States, Mich a-? anni, ordnance, ships,
steamboats, or othei watei ctaft, and the furniture theieol,
lorage, military --applies, or munitions of war.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move to strike
out the second and third sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sections
Will be icad.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Kec 2 ~ln<1 he it Jhi t her ciirutcd, That it shall bo lawful
foi -tieh anient ora^ent-s. under such regulations as the Sec-
retary ol the Tieasuiv may pip-eribe, to purchase m -aid
ln-urtectionaiy Stale.-, cotton, nee, s>u<j<u, and tobac« i>, .it
such price oi pii'-oib maybe agreed on, not exeeedniL' fiie
maiket pi ice of snch article at the piace of sale nor two
thud* of the market puce thereot ui the city of New Yoik
at the date o( the |,i t quotations known to «ucb a«jent.
{Ste. U. ~2nJ be it fait her cnadcrf, That on niakni<r such
put chafes propei instruments in tnplicate shall be exi-'-uted
bv Mich agent ot agent?, and the filler or Iil> agents, stating
the p\opeity purchast'd. thO'tiatuie and quantity of the
piopeit_\, the pi tee paid therefor, and the name oi names
ot the party or parties of whom the same i> puirbased; one
of which tuphcates shall be forwarded to the Seeietai} of
the Tieasuiv, one shall be retained b\ -iidi agent, and one
shrill be dehveinl to the patty oi his agent ol whom tiie
property w pui chased.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that amendment will
prevail, i think it is a most extraoidmaiy pio-
posal to create agents to go down into the insur-
rectionary States to buy cotton, tobacco, and nee,
on our account, and (or our profit, 1 .suppose. 1
think if it does not multiply the carrion u will the
number of kites that aie to prey upon us. The
business is in about as good hands now, I think,
as it will be if this bill shall pass. 1 hope the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri will be
adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, f will state that 1 have been
informed by the Secretary of War that the armies
have been greatly demoralized by the cotton spec-
ulators, and by their operations iti guarding this
kind of ptoperty. The object of this bill is to
get out from the lebel States these products, to get
them out for the benefit not only of the people of
the loyal States but for the benefit of the people
where our armies have passed over. Of course
we cannot go beyond our armies. You cannot
send your agents ahead of youraimies.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask the Senator
whore wo get the authority to confer tins power?
Mr. CHANDLER. In the law we. arc now
passing; that is where we get the authority; we
are giving the autiioiity.
Mi. COWAN. This law would not confer the
authority, if it were disputed, 1 think. I have no
objection to the Secretary exercising the power
he now exercises in framing permits.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Seciemy of the
Treasiuy docs not exercise it, but the Secretary
of War does. This takes it out of the hands of
the Secretary of War and puts it in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. COWAN. It takes it out of the hands of
citizens and puts it into the hands of agents of the
Government to speculate for our profit.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment of the
Senator from Iowa takes it out of the Treasury,
where this bill proposes to place it, and put it m
the hands of your naval officers. He admits that
seven hundred bales have been captured by the
Navy. There are §2,800,000 that ought to have
gone into the Treasury of the United States in-
stead of into their pockets, for it was captured on
land and not on water.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator if one
half of it does not go into the Treasury of the
United States ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; but the whole of jfc
ought to go there.
Mr. GH 1MES. Did not the United States agree
that the other half should be distributed among
the officers and men who captured it?
Mr. CHANDLER. That law is as to captures
a: sea. That law was enacted when our Navy
-'pelted at sea, and not upon our inland waters,
u'd that law ought not to operate in this case,
h a vessel goes up to a town and seizes seven
hundred bales of cotton, there is no reason on
God \s earth why the avails of it should be divided
among the officers and men on that vessel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is on striking out the
second and third sections.
Mr.GRIM ES. We may have made a very bad
bargain; but did we not make the bargain ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No.
Mr. GRIMES. Have not the courts decided
that we did? Now we undertake to use our legis-
lative power to overturn the decision of the courts.
Mr. KING. My own opinion is that the best
regulation we could make respecting the inter-
course between persons in the insurrectionaly
States and districts and ""our own people on tiie
loyal side of the line would be to prohibit all in-
teieonrse whate\er. I would let the war wage
he: ween us, and let us hold intercourse with those
people on! v i hrough our military and armed forces
until they lay down their arms. I think, with
the be^t regulations for uaffie of this kind, it is of
doubtfu 1 pi upriety; and if the requirements of the
militaty service do not prohibit it, it would be
well to enact by law a prohibition against any in-
tercourse, under severe penalties, with the insur-
rectionary districts. Especially would i prohibit
ail trade with them. That is what I would pre-
fer; and I would prefer to see the effort made to
cany out such a policy, rather than attempt to
make an arrangement by which ttade shall be
catned on with them. But the Adi^uihtiation
has found that this trade and inteicourse exists,
and, supposing it cannot bo prevented, has come
to the conclusion that it is desirable to have it
regulated by law. This is a plan winch the Ad-
mimstiatioil desires to have adopted. It is said
that to prohibit intercourse is a thing that is
impracticable. The Administration desires these
lobulations of law. If the trade is to be continued,
it in very proper that it should be under the di-
rection and control of the Government and of law,
and I shall not interpose objections. I have stated
frankly my opinion on this subject; but I shall
not oppose the passage of a law to regulate inter-
course which the Government deems it imprac-
ticable to prevent. It is proper that the Senate
should understand that trade and its regulation
is, in fact, the object and purpose of this bill.
Without the provisions of the sections which it
is proposed to strike out, the bill would be of no
value.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether theie is not a law now by which the Ad-
ministration , or some member of it, the Secretary
of War, for instance, grants permits to trade m
insurrectionary districts, after our arms have over-
come resistance r
Mr. KING. There has been more or less of
this trade under permits granted under military
authority, and great demoralization has resulted;
very sei ious charges and imputations of specula-
tion and money-making have giow'n out of it; and
this hill is an attempt on the pait of the Govern-
ment to temedy these evils without discontinuing
the traffic. As I have said, my own opinion is
that the best remedy would be to prohibit ,the
traffic; hut next to that undoubtedly is Some rea-
sonable and proper regulation "of it-by law.
Mr. POWELL. This' is a singular proposi-
tion. I do not suppose that any gentleman'
tends that there is any authority in* the Constitu-
tion of the United States to turn this Governrftcttt
into a speculator and trader in sugar, eattpn^ee-,
and tobacco, or any other commodities. ' The4 Sec-
ond section of this bill authorizes the agents
the Government to purchase in insurrectionary
districts cotton, rice, sugar, ami tobacco, ascer-
tain prices. There is certainly no authority v^stml
in this Congress to authorize the Government of
theUnited States to become a speculator fmdtrader
in any commodity whatever; and if we had the
fiower I would not confer it upon any branch of
the Government. Leave this matter of specula-
tion to the citizens who may choose to embark in
that kind of business. You might justas well ItU
the Government buy and sell merchandise of any
other description, for 1 suppose when these arti-
cles arc bought they are to be sold. The provis-
ions of the bill seem to indicate that these agents
are to report all their actions to the Government,
and, of course, to sell as well as to btiy. By this
you make the Government a buyer -and seller of
cotton, rice, sugar, and tobacco. That is all there
is of it. I was astonished when I heard the'Sen-
ator from New York say that those in charge of
the Government desired this proposition to pass.
[ know that they have not been very regardful of
the Constitution of the country, but I neversup-
posed that they would want laws passed to.au-
thoiize the Secretary of the, Treasury and his
agents to becomo dealers in rice, sugar, cotton,
and tobacco on Government account. You might
just as well authorize them by law to become
dealers in woolen goodsgcotton goods, oats, corn,
and hay. I know that if the Government wishes
to buy these things for its own use it has a right
to go into the market and do so, but that is not
the object of this bill. It makes these agents
buyers of the goods with a view to selling them
again, trafficking in them. What does this Gov-
ernment want with raw cotton ? It cannot use it
except to a very limited extent. The objcct is to
have it for resale, to make money; to have the
Government turn speculator. Pass this bill-, and
jfty word for it these agents will become pilferers
and plunderers of the public Treasury. That will
be the result. We should confer no such power
on any officer of the Government if we had a right
under the Constitution to do it. There has been
already pilfering and plundering enough without
passing laws authorizing certain agents of the
Government to go and deal on account, of the
United States in those products, or any others. I
ask for the yeas and nays on this motion to strike
out the second and third sections. It is not my
purpose to enter into any discussion.
Mr. CHANDLER, f have no fear that this
bill, if it shall pass, will produce demoralization
among our people. I think that the Secretary of
the Treasury can select agents who will be faith-
ful and honest. Of course this bill will not oper-
ate beyond our lines; it will operate behind our
armies as theyadvanee. It is to secure abandoned
property. A very large propoition of the prop-
erty is found to have been abandoned by its pro-
prietors, who are rebels in arms against the Gov-
ernment, and that propei ty is confiscated by our
confiscation law. The object is to take that prop-
erty and put its proceeds into the Treasury of
the United States; to take it out of the hands of
the Army, to take it out of the hands of the quar
termasters, to withdrawal! temptations from your
generals to deal in cotton, and place it in the hands
of agents appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I hope the am< ndment of the Senator from
Missouri will not prevail.
Mr. POWELL. If I understand the Senator
from Michigan, he seems to think the object is to
deal only with confiscated property. The section
proposed to be stricken out does not relate to con-
fiscated property at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. It includes all property
captured and all property taken.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; the second section
has no reference to prop* rty confiscated and prop-
erty captured and property taken, but distinctly
states that agents of the Government shall be ap-
pointed in insurrectionary districts to buy cotton,
rice, sugar, and tobacco.
