1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
my experience. The presiding judge takes the
records and distributes them out among the various
members of the court. Each member of the court
reads his record in his own room, and he reports
the effect of that record and the questions arising
upon it to his brother'judges; and very rarely, in-
deed , is the record read to the other judges. They
take his statement of its contents and his state-
ments of the questions arising in the case to be
true, and they are veiy apt to adopt his views of
the law and of the foice of the evidence. Thus,
sir, in truth it becomes m most cases the judgment
of a single judge instead of the whole court. The
couit, practically, is divided into as many couits
as there are members of the court.
Now, sir, that is all wrong. T.he low does not
contemplate that, it contemplates that cach judge
shall read or hear lead the recoid; that each judi;e
shall know its entire contents, and every question
that arises upon its face; and that each judge shall
form ins opinion both of the law and of the facts
in the recoid upon his own knowledge of its con-
tents. i know from my own experience that in
my State, at least, these results are entirely defeated
by the number on our court of appeals, which is
now four. Formerly it was three; and when it
consisted of but three the business was done in
the manner in winch I indicate it ought to be
done.
Another inconvenience resulting from the num-
ber of four, that I have experienced, is this.
Sometimes a judge is-absent; and if the court
consisted of five judges it would often be that them
were two of them absent. Some cases are of
"great importance, the records are large; the ques-
tions are difficult; and the court takes time, from
teun to term, 10 advise. It often occurs that a
ease is heard and aigued when all the members
of the court ate not present, and when they aie
ready to render a decision the courtis full, and
then comes the necessity of a reargunvmt, as
referred to by gentlemen. Here is an important
case, the weight and difficulty of which require
tlfat ali the judges should hear it, and should
render an opinion, or concurm the opinion to be
lendered; theic are but three of the judges that
have heard the ease argued and who understand
it; the others were absent at the time the argu-
ment took place; they are now present; the de-
cision is not yet rondeied, and there must be a
reargument of the case in order th.it the record
and all of its questions may be placed before all
the members of the court.
Now, sir, a word as to the expedition and ac-
cuiacy with which business is don*:. I think m
proportion as you multiply a plural body of any
character, and especially a court, you impede the
rapidity of doing business, and you increase the
piobabihties of its being inaccurately and incor-
rectly done, ft is in relation to that matter just
as it is in relation to all otheis: in proportion as
you divide responsibility among a great number of
men, you weaken the principle of that responsi-
bility. in the case of tins court, if it consisted of
five members, a member of the court would satisfy
lumselt by a patient and careful examination of
the records or eases that were referred to himself;
he would look very curiously, very superficially,
very inaccurately info the other cases as a general
rule. He would trust to the closeness of the ex-
amination of the judges that had the investiga-
tion of the pai ticular case. Where you so consti-
tute a court as to make it probable, and almost
necessary, that there should be this partition of
records among the various judges, all of the judges
will never have that accurate, minute, and perfect
undci standing of the records that they would have
if they w-ere read by the whole court or in the pres-
ence of the whole court, and in that way they
were placed m possession of the contents of the
recoid.
I will give an example as to the effect of the
number of judges on the expedition with which
business is done. We had three judges in our
couit of appeals formerly. We now have four.
The three did their business by each judge going
to a common ehambei; tin y tead the records al-
ternately; they commented upon the questions as
the}- arose upon the lecord,and they interchanged
views among themselves upon those questions,
fn that way'hey were all fully and accurately
made acquainted with every question arising in
the case;* and they had the benelit of a compari-
son of opinions, and a collision of minds, and
their conclusions-upon each question as it arose.
That certainly was very favorable to a proper ad-
ministration of justice in the case. When the rec-
ord was thus read and understood by the judges,
it never had to be reread; there never arose any
difference or controversy between them as to the
questions that were 111 it; and consequently so
soon as the record was read, and they then and
there compared their opinions and agreed in then-
legal conclusions and in their conclusions on the
facts of the recoid, they were ready to render their
opinion, and their opinion was rendered, and the
case was disposed of finally. There was no hang-
ing of lire, as there always is where there are four
or five members of a court, and the records are
read separately, and only a portion of them by
eachjudge. Formstance, in the case of this Court
of Claims there are to be five judges. The diffi-
cult cases will be divided out in the proportion of
one fifth to each of the judges. One fifth of the
cases will be investigated by one judge, and the
other four judges will be generally ignorant of the
case, except as it is icpvesented to them by the
judge who has particulaily examined it and the
facts connected with it. So long as this is their
mode of doing business, and ascertaining what is
in the record, and preparing themselves for the
decision of the case, it will inevitably occur in im-
portant cases that there will be a hanging, strag-
gling militia fire m rendering judgment m the case,
which will require it to be done over again, or at-
tempted to be done over again; and in that way
consume unnecessarily a great deal of time. But
when there arc but three judges, they all fire at
the same instant; then it is a united fire, and it
does much more effective and better execution
than it would m the militia mode to which I have
adverted. I think, sir, that three is the proper
number of judges for this court.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, as a member
of the committee to whom this bill was referred,
I concurred with them in reporting it; but I did
not then concur in the opinion that it was neces-
sary or advisable to increase the number of judges.
Fuither reflection has convinced me that three is
a better number than five. I am in favor, there-
fore, of stiiking out lhat part of the bill which
provides for increasing the number, leaving it
where it is.
lam not going to prolong this discussion, Mr.
President, because 1 must say that the bill is in
great danger of taking more time than it is worth;
and unless we can get a vote upon it presently, 1,
for one, shall be disposed to vote for its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. SUMNER. I, too, am unwilling to pro-
long the discussion; but I must say I was im-
pressed by the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont with regard to the number of the court.
It seems to me that four is better than five, and
better than three. As the Senator suggested, it is
the original number of the cout ts in England, from
which we have borrowed our own practice. I
believe it was the oii^inal number of the supreme
courts of most of the States of the Union at the
beginning of our Government. I think that ex-
perience at that time was in favor of that number.
J nm sure it was so in my State. Therefore, be-
fore the vote is taken on the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire, 1 will move to
amend the section by striking out "two" and in-
serting "one;" so that instead of there being two
additional judges, there shall be one additional
judge, making the whole number of the coui t four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the section
before the vote upon stiiking out shall be taken.
That motion is in ordci. He proposes to strike
out " two" and insert "one;" so that one addi-
tional judge, instead of two, shall be the number.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe it will be in order to
move an amendment to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order; that being an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not so understand the prop-
osition. I understand that his proposition is to
amend the original section, and not to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from JNew
Ilamnshiie.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, which is to strike out all of the first
section of the bill after the enacting clause. Be-
fore the question is put on striking out those
words, the section is open to perfection by mov-
ing the amendment which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts now moves, striking out " two," and
inserting: " one."
Mr. DAVIS. Then the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is an original proposi-
tion. He moves not to amend the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire, but
to amend the original section. His proposition,
therefore, is a primary proposition, and is open
to amendment. I offer to amend that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is in error. There is an amend-
ment to the bill pending, to strike out the first sec-
tion, and there is^jin amendment to that amend-
ment by amending the section before the words
are stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not so understand the prop-
osition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the de-
cision of the Chair. It is competent for the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to take an appeal from that
decision.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely want to ascertain how
the fact is; I do not disagree with the Chair upon
the principle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided with entire confidence in its accuracy, and
it is not open to debate unless the Senator takes
an appeal.
Mr. DAVIS. Would the Chair permit me to
make an interrogatory of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Most cheer-
fully.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts a proposition to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire, or is it a proposition to amend the
original section in the bill ?
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire is an
amendment. The proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts is an amendment to that amend-
ment. The books treat it in no other form and
in no other language. The question is on the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
to strike out " two" and insert " one."
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I gave my
assent, as a member of the Judiciary Committee,
to the leporting of this bill, and was satisfied with
the pi ovisions it contained at that time; but I have
an objection to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. That amendment will
make the number ofjudgesof this Court of Claims
an even number—four. I dare say that all the
gentlemen who have had practice m courts con-
stituted in that way have witnessed the inconve-
nience of having an even number of judges to hear
and determine cases. It very frequently happens—
at least it would appear so from the history of such
tiibunals—that in consequence of an equal divis-
ion in the number of the judges, decisions have
failed to be made, and have been postponed from
term to term, and from year to year, in such a way
as to rendcritalmostimpossiblcforsuitois to ob-
tain justice". In my own State, for some years
past, a similar state of things has existed in our
supreme court, our court of Hist resort. It has
very frequently happened there that in conse-
quence of an equal division of the judges, in hear-
inland determining cases, suitors have been post-
poned from term to term, and from year to year;
and it has become—for even at this time the same
state of things exists there—a very serious in-
convenience, and is the subject-matter of great
public complaint. If we make the number of
judges an odd number such an inconvenience can-
not occur. The thing is impossible, if the judges--
do their duty, and attend to the sessions of the
court; there must be a majority on the one side
or the other, and the case must be decided.
Again: where there is an even number of judges
it opens the door to practices which are improper
in themselves, and applications and the use of
means towards the judges wluctf ought to be re-
jected. In shoit, it'opens the door to improper
influences upon the judges themselves; for if a
suitor who has a hard case m court can by any
, means produce an equal division of the judges
! j upon the bench, he i&sure, at ail events, not to (use
jl his case, whatever may become of the rights o*f
il the opposite party. 1 object to it for that reason.
