1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
correct this system of plunder, to snatch this prop-
erty from the Army officers, and to require it to
be taken possession of by agents appointed by the
Government for the use of the united States, I
am in favor of it. i will vote to strike out the two
sections as moved by the Senator from Missouri,
because I think they would inttoduce enormous
frauds and corruptions. If the honorable Senator
who reported this bill would report another sec-
tion forbidding, under penalty of dismissal from
the Army, all officers of the United States Army
who may be concerned in this trade or plunder-
ing, I think that he would deserve the praise of
the country, and that he would do a great deal
toward protecting the purity of the Army and its
officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator give
way to allow me to make a motion that we take a
recess until seven o'clock?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 wish to
make a report from a committee of confercnce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. [ withdraw the motion
for the present.
MAJOR AXD BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following report:
The committee of confeience <m the disagreeing votes of
the two Homes on the amendment* to tho bill (S. No. 515)
to authorize au increase m the number of major geneials
and hiig.Klier getieiaN tor forces in the service of the Uni-
ted States, having mot, after full and free conference have
agreed to lecommeml, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the Senate eoncm with the Uou>e in their third
amendment, to strike out all alter the word " Aimy,'* m line
eleven of said bill, to the end of the bill.
That the Senate concur ill thefirct amendment of the
with an amendment to strike out the word " fort> -''
after the word "appointed." in line eight of said bill, and
in lieu thereof inseit *•' thirty.1'
That tin: Senate concur in the second nmemhncntof the ,
Hoti*e jvith an amendment to strike out the words <Jonej
hundred,*' alter the woid "and," in Jme eight of said biU
and in lieu thereof inseit the woids " sevent)-five." . I
That the Senate toncur in the fomth amendment of the j
flou-e with an amendment, so an to make that piovNo read
as follows: J
'• Pruiuled. Tii.it the ofheerH to be appointed under llu-; ;
Act <?hnll he selected hom tbo«> who have been con-pieuou-
(or gallant oi-nieritonous coiiductni the line 01 dun\ 
HENRY WILSON. "
IODG'VR COWAN,'
M. H. L VflLUi,
Manager's cm ihcpait of the Senate.
EDWARD MCPHERSON,
_ W. M. DUNN,
*<mfanagcrs on the j)art of the IIout>c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask the Senator from
Massachusetts how tho number of each grade
stands by the report. I suppose it is merely a
matter of numbers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senate
passed the hill increasing the number of major H
generals twenty, and brigadier generals fifty. The ||
House of Representatives amended it by increas- :j
ing the number of major generals forty, and brig- '
adier generals one hundred. The committee have
agreed to compromise the matter, to report thirty
major generals and seventy-five brigadier gener-
als.
Mr. HOWARD. Additional major generals,
and additional brigadiers?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. That makes the whole num-
ber of both classes what?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Seventy
major generals and two hundred and seventy-live
brigadier generals in ull.
The report whs concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 renew the motion to
take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate took
a recess till seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock, t>
p.m. j,
DEPOSITIONS TO EE USED ABROAD. ;j
Mr. HARRIS. I move to take up Senate bill i!
No. 562. 11
The PRESIDENT;?™ tempore. Iftherebeno jj
objection, the bill which was pending when the
recess was taken will be laid aside. The Chair j
hears no objection.
The bill (S. No. 569) to facilitate the taking of
depositions within the United States to be used in
the courts of other countries, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the testimony of any
witness residing within the United States, to be
used in any suit for the recovery of money or
property depending in any court in any foreign
country with which the United States are at peace,
and in which the Government of such foreign
country shall be a party or shall have an interest,
may be obtained to be used in such suit. If a
commission or letters rogatory to take such testi-
mony shall have been issued from the court in
which tho suit is pending, on producing the same
before the district judge of any districtwhere the
witness resides or shall he found, and on due proof
being made to such judge that the testimony of
any witness is material to the party desiring the
same, the judge is to issue a summons to such
witness requiring him'to appear before the officer
or commissioner named m the commission or let-
ters rogatory, to testify in such suit. The sum-
mons is to specify the time and place at which the
witness is required to attend, which placc shall
be within ono hundred miles of the place where
the witness resides or shall be served with the
summons. If any person shall refuse or neglect
to appear at the time and place mentioned in the
summons, or if, upon his appearance, lie shall
refuse to testify, he is to be liable to the same
penalties as would be incurred for a like offense
on the trial of a suit in the district court of the
United States. Every witness who shall thus
appear and testify is to be allowed and to receive
from the party at whose mstancc he shall have
been summoned tho same fees and mileage as are
allowed to witnesses in suits depending in the dis-
trict courts of the United States. The bill also
provides that whenever any commission or let-
ters rogatory, issued to take the testimony of any
witness in a foreign country, in any suit in which
the United States are parties or have an interest,
shall have been executed by the court or the com-
missionei to whom the same shall have been di-
rected, the same shall be returned by such court
or commissioner to the minister or consul of the
United States nearest the place where the letters
or commission shall haw be< 11 executed, who, on
receiving the same, shall indorse thereon a certifi-
cate, stating the time and place when and where
the same was received, and that the deposition is
in the same condition as when he received the
same; and he is thereupon to transmit the letters
or commission, wo executed and certified, to the
clerk of the couit from which the .same issued, in
the manner in which his official dispatches are
transmitted to the Government. The testimony
of witnesses so taken and returned is to be read
as evidence on the trial of the suit 111 which the
same shall have been taken, without objection as
to the method of returning the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I call the attention of the
Senator fiom New York to the fourth section,
where provision is made with reference to the re-
turn of the depositions, in these words: "and he
shall thereupon transmit the said letteis or com-
mission, so executed and certified, to the clerk of
the court from which (he same issued, in the man-
ner in which his official dispatches are transmit-
ted to the Government." 1 suggest to the Sen-
ator that there is possibly a little obscurity in that
language. They are to go to the clerk of the
court; but how are they to reach him ? Are they
to reach him through the State Department at
Washington, or are they to reach him through
the mail? There is a doubt about it, and I sug-
gest that it should be made clear.
Mr. HARRIS. To meet tho suggestion of the
Senntot from Massachusetts, I move to insert
after the word "certified," in the fourteenth line
of the fourth section, the words ''by mail."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE INSPECTORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the unfinished
business of the morning session be informally
laid aside to take up two or three little bills fiom
the Committee on Commerce that will lead to no
discussion. I move to take up House bill No. 243. I
By unanimous consent, the Senate resumed the I
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 243) provid- I
ing for the appointment of light-house mspectois, i
the pending question being on the amendment of]
the Committee on Commerce to strike out all of I
the original bill after the enacting clause, and in
lieu of it to insert:
That  o much of the act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and
providing for the erection and establishment of the same,
and lor other purposes," approved August 31,1852, be, and
hereby i j. solar modified as to authorize the President to"
direct the detail of officers of the revenue cutter service to
serve as light-house inspectors in any of the ligiit-hotise
districts created by the said act: Provided, That officers Gt
the revenue cutter service so detailed shall not be entitled,
to any increase of compensation tor such service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that bill will not
be acted upon. It is the same one that was up
last session,and I was then ready to demonstrate
its impropriety. I am opposed utterly to the bill
in any shape in which it can be put. It is en-
tirely unnecessary. It proposes to take the light-
house service out of the hands of the Light-House
Board urifter which it lias grown up to be exceed-
ingly well managed and useful.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator entirely mis-
apprehends the bill. The ol?ject is to permit the
Secretary of the Treasury, in his discretion, when
he sees fit, to detail#, revenue instead of a naval
officer to superintend a light-house.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 know that is it, and that
is entirely unnecessary under the law.
Mr. CHANDLER. It strikes me as being very
necessary and important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is just taking1 from the
revenue service and putting in charge of the light-
houses men who are notacquainted with the busi-
ness, and interfering with the management of the
affair as it has been conducted hitherto. I have
communicated with the Light-House Board upon
the subject, and I am perfectly satisfied that the
thing is useless, and worse than useless, in every
particular.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say to tho Senator
that I had an interview yesterday with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and he told me that he
deemed it very important indeed, and so do I.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury, then, has changed his mind since tho
last session.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ho. yesterday made the
statement to me which I have just stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The members of the
Light-House Board had a communication with
him 011 the subject at the last session. The truth
is, 1 suppose, that the Secretary has not had time
to make himself aware of the exact condition of
this matter. There is no call for the bill in any
way. The matter goes on perfectly well as it is
now; and if it so happens that there is not an in*
spector who is neither a naval nor a military offi-
cer, there is always an engineer who can conduct
the business. The revenue officers have nothing
to do with it, and ought to have nothing to do
with it; it is not connected with their business in
any way. This is the same bill that was up last
session, and on the chaiacter of it being exposed
it was laid aside.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was discussed, and we
let it lie over until this session. In my judgment
the revenue officers are the only officers who really
ought to iiave this business in charge. It is strictly
a commercial matter; not entirely so, to be sure.
The Navy is afloat and uses the lights, but the
commercial marine, as every one knows, is vast-
ly greater than the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The duties are in no way
appropriate to the revenue service; they have
nothing to do with it.
Mr. CHANDLER. On the contrary, in my
judgment, this business is appropriate to nothing
else but the revenue service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had brought
this bill up at any reasonable, decent period of
the session, when { could have referred to docu-
ments and presented the facts to the Senate, I
should not have had any sort of objection to liiy
taking it up. But at this last moment of the
session to take up a tnaiter of this importance,
changing our whole system which has been proved
to have been a good one, and which I was entirely
ready to demonstrate, I object to it altogether;
and 1 worn the Senator that jf it is taken up, I
shall call for a division. I will not suffer that
thing to pass without a fight.
Mr. CHANDLER. It simply permits the Sec-
retary at his discretion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not trust it to his
discretion, it is in better hands than his.
