398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
It will produce in practice, I apprehend, a most
serious and, J may say, intolerable inconveni-
ence, especially in this court, organized as it is,
wid) the jurisdiction which it possesses. I should
far prefer to see even only three judges remain on
the bench of the Court of Claims to four; butmy
preference would be five, for this reason: that the
committee were informed that there was really not
force enough on the bench to transact promptly
and speedily the business which is brought be*
fore it; nnd that is one groat ground which gov-
erned the committee in the report of the bill; that
there was not judicial force enough to dispose of ;
the business before the court. If that is so, it is
plain enough that we must furnish additional
strength to the court.
Mr. CLARK. I am very sorry to hear the
Senator from Michigan say there is not force
enough to transact the business of the court. i
Mr. HOWARD. I did not say so of my own |
knowledge. I said such was the information
given to the Committee on the Judiciary. j
„ Mr. CLARK. Heretofore the business before 1
the court ha-3 been very slight. j
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michigan i
refers to the experience of his State in regard to j
the number of the court. Now, against that ex- ;
perience I may put the experience of many cen- j
tunes in Westminster Hall; the experience of my j
own State for, 1 think, near half a century; nnd ;
the cxpcrience of the State of New York after the j
adoption of the Constitution, and I should say for j
Dearly half u century, during what I would call the !
golden period of the jurisprudence of that State, •
when Spencer and Kent wore, one after the other,
chief justice, and when the bench, according to
my recollection, consisted of hut four.
' Mr. HARRIS. Five.
Mr. SUMNER. Was it five? My recollec-
tion is that it was four.
Mr. HARRIS. It was five.
Mr. SUMNER. In my own State it was four,
and I thought it was four in New York.
Mr. HARRIS. Never.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I am corrected by the
Senator. Howcvor, the Senator cannot correct
me with regard to the much ampler experience in
Westminster Hall, where we all know the num-
ber in each court was four. 1 am not aware that
history has recorded any of those grievances to
which the Senator from Michigan refers.
Mr. HOW ARD. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Clark, Coilamer, Cowan, Davis,
Doohttle, Fi'ssendcn, Foster, Giunes, JIalo, Harding, Fl.ir-
ian. Morrill, Poinetoy, Sheiman, Wil&oaof Massachusetts,
ami Wuglu—17.
NA\rri—Messrs. Antlionv, Drcevnin^, Dixon, Foot, liar-
ris, IJeiitlPihon, Hicks Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Powell, ltiee, Sumner. Ten Evek, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, YViiuioi, and Wilson of Mis-souii—19.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no amend-
ment be moved to the original bill or substitute,
the question will be on the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, tostnke out the whole of the
original bill, and to insert a substitute.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. before that question is
taken, 1 propose to move an amendment to the
original bill in the eighth section. It now reads:
That the eoncunenee of throe of said judges shall he
necessary to the lunditton of final judgment; and in ail
eases, oftiiui! judgment?- b> said couit, or. on appeal, by tiie
said Supienie Couit vvbeiolhe Fame t-hnll be affirmed in
favoi of the claimant, the sum found duo thereby shall be
paid out of any gcnei.il appropnation m.ido by law for the
payment and satisfaction ot pnv.tte elatuis, tec.
I propose to amend that poifion of the section
by striking: out of the sixth line, after the word
"any," the words "general appropriation made,"
and inserting; the words "moneys which may
thereafter be specifically appropriated,,J and strik-
ing out the words "private claims" in theseventh
and eighth lines, and inserting the words "the
same," so that it shall read:
That the concurrence of three of said judges "hall b«
ne^e^-saiv to Hie rendition of final judgment; and in all
ca^o.- of final judgment •> by ^-ud coiet, ou on appeal, by the
said Snpteme Court, where the 'nine -.hall be afriimrd in
favor of' the claimant, ihe «uni found du-' thereby ^hall be
paid out of (mv mono v.- which ma\ Uiereaftei be specifically
appiopi lated by law for the p,u merit and satisfaction of the
some.
Mr. President, as the hill now stands, it pro-
vides and seems to anticipate that there shall be
a general fund appropriated by Congress from
year to year to pay the private claims that may
be found due against the Government; and it pro-
vides that these claims aie to be paid out of that
general fund; so that the claim is to be decided
upon and the money paid before Congress can
take any action on it at all. Our power over the
_ claim and the payment of the claim is gone if the
bill passes in its present shape. The argument
used the other day by my honorable fiiend from
! Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that Congress misht
1 icfuse in the geueial appropi iation to pay a claim
is without foundation, because the money is ap
Mr. HOWARD. IIow long is it since the 'I propri.ited bclm-dinnd and a fr^n<'ial fund is set
court of King's IJench consisted of four judges ?
Mr. SUMNER. The court of ICmg'.s Bench
consists of five judges.
Mr. HARRIS. The common law courts of
England consisted, in the first place, of four
judges; hut now they have five.
Mr. SUMNER. That is so lately; but I say
we have the ampler experience of centuries in the
number of four, and my own opinion is that there
cannot be a great, evil in the number of four. Of
later years, the Senator will lemember, one judge
lias been added in each court inWcstminsteriIa.il,
in order to attend to the larger amount of busi-
ness. But my argument is simply this: thatfoui
judges were found to constitute an efficient court,
and none of those evils ensued from that number
which the Senator from Michigan seems to sup-
pose will occur.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the proposition of amendment moved by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes seven, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
jecurs, on the motion of the Senator from Nesv
Hampshire, to stiike out the whole of the firsf
section of the bill after the enacting clause.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that question divisible or not—
to strike out and nisei tr
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware that such a pioposition is pending. The
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire is to
strike out the whole of the first section of tuo bill
aside for ihe purpose of paying thes^ claims; nnd
the moment a judgment h found against the Gov-
ei nment, a cci tifn\it< of the judgment is pre.se nted
to the Ti easurv and it is paid out of the fund, and
Congress lose all control ovei it. Whet 1 dtsire
is that when those claims are passed upon and
.settled by Congress, the Serretai y of the Treasury
shall specifically estimate fur them by presenting
to the Government of the C mted States the amount
of these judgments, judgment by judgment, one
after another, and that they shall be paid after
Congress shall have specifically voted the money
to pay them. Then every judgment will still come
befoie Congress and will be within its power.
Mr. President, I am unwilling, for one, to sur-
render what I believe to be our constitutional
duty—the discretion which the Constitution puts
upon us with reference to the public money. I
think therefore that this amendment is a just and
proper one; andif it weie made, the bill would
then be of some service to the country. These
claimants could then all be sent to the Court of
Claims, if, on examining their claims, they were
found to be fraudulent or \\ ithout any foundation,
the court would reject them, and that would be
the end of them. If they should be found, m the
opinion of the court, to be justelauns against the
Government, the report of the facts, as appealing
before the court and proved there, and the judg-
ment and decree rendered by the court, would como
before Congress; and then who does not believe
that the Congiess of the United States would ap-
propriate the money to pay honestand just claims?
It seems to me that no objection can be taken to
this amendment, except one based on the ground
Sir, I will not say that I have any more confi-
dence in the integrity of Congress than 1 have in
the integrity of the courts. J do not claim that.
It would be arrogating to one branch of the Gov-
ernment what we have no right to arrogate. But
1 insist that, by the Constitution, the discretion-
ary po werofappropriating this money is in up,and
we ought not to avoid that responsibility. There-
fore, while we can use the court as an agency to
settle the claims against the Government, or, if
there are claims against the Government, to ascer-
li tain their justice; to reject those thataie unjust
'• or fraudulent, or without any foundation; oi give
an opinion or judgment, if you please, as to what
jt ought to be paid, still the discretionary power
j is in us, the Congress of the United States, and
I we ought not to give it to them. I hope, sir, that
'| this amendment will receive the sanction of the
i' Senate.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
it is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
ii Wisconsin. This amendment is in two parts;
h but as the one has a necessary relation to the other,
jj they will be treated as a single proposition of
amendment.
ij Mr. CLARIv. Mr. President, I desire Sena-
'} tors who think any private claim should ever bo
|j paid, to look for a moment at what is no,w pro-
|| posed in regard to a private claim. It is, that when
j} a claim comes here it shall be sent to the Court of
|j Claims. It is to be tried in the Court of Claims
is with all the formality of a suit at law. If the de-
ii cision is either one way or the other,'1ip case may
51 go up by an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
I United States. There isanother trial theie. Now,
h if the claimant has a good claim and has prevailed
• ' in the Court of Claims, and then upon appeal by
'the Government has prevailed in the Supreme
|, Court, one would suppose he ought to have his
j' mofiey; but you do not propose to give it to him.
|i He is to come in to the Senate or go into the House
Ij of Representatives, and there fight through an ap-
!| piopnanon. If he has gone into the House of
Repiesentatives fn st  then be must come into the
ij Senate and fight th rough an appropriation. When
j] he has done all that and the President has signed
his bill, then he can p;et his money. I ask any
,■ Senator here if Joidan is not rather o hard road
to travel ?
II The difficulty now is that suitors or claimants
!( do not want to go to tin' Court of Claims, because
when they have fought thiough then claim there
and have obtained a judgment, you bring it here
! to the Senate or the House of Representatives and
!| then will not pay it. That is just what you pro-
!! pose to do now by this nm< ndment, afier sending
ij them in addition through the Supreme Couit. It
is only adding one tribunal more, and making the
way harder still and more expensive. Itdoesseem
to me that when vou have sent a claimant, in the
■ fust instance, to a court of your own constitu-
i! tion, where you appoint the trial and the tribunal
and the judges, and he has got his claim allowed
there, and then you send him into another court
where you have appointed the judges and the tri-
: i bunal, and he has got his claim allowed there, the
!■ fair presumption, at any rate, is that he ought to
be paid, and he ought not to be compelled to fight
ij all the officers of the Tieasury Department, the
ii Senate, and the House of Representatives to boot,
• j before he gets his claim allowed. I think that is
ij a hard condition to subject your claimants to. I
!. have often heard it said that it is better to lose a
j j good claim against the Government of an ordinary
amount, than to try to get it. It would be proved
!: in a bill like this that no claimants are to be paid,
and it would turn-out so.
after the enacting clause, without proposing to in-J that there is no good faith or integrity in Con-
sort any thing instead. It is to stiike out the liist j| gress itself, supposing that Congress would be
section of the bill,and upon that question the yeas 'j unwilling to appropriate the money found due to
and nays are demanded. i! a claimant.
j! Mr. SHERMAN. This question is really the
!! only difficult one, or the most difficult one, pre-
jl semed by this bill. While private claimants often
ij suffer injury fioin the neglect of the Government
|; to pay private debts, we know that more claims
![ that are fraudulent and unfounded are presented
ij against the Government than against an mdivid-
j; ual. Where an individual is impelled by his in-
;| terest to contest a claim, it may always be left to
;! any fair tribunal; buta claim against the Govern-
ij ment is in a very different condition. Itisagainst
a Government; and therefore there is no one per-
son interested to defeat the claim. The experience
of every member here must convince him that
claims against the Government are presented over
and over again, and have been allowed and paid,
that are grossly unfounded and unjust, and vviucli
