THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
suffered some damages by the troops of the Uni-
ted" States and th<> Indians in that neighborhood.
From 1813 until 1836, twenty-three years, no claim
was presented to Congress that I am aware of for
these damages; but in 1836aclaim was presented.
It wascontinued before Congress until 1848, twelve
years, and then a resolution was passed allowing
the damages to be computed and assessed, declar-
ing, however, that damages done by the Indians
should be excluded, and that only the damages
done by the troops of the United States should be
computed, as it was done during Indian hostili-
ties. Under this resolution, it seems the piopor
Auditor of tbe Treasury allowed the sum of $8,000.
Then,bysome subsequentconstruction ofthe law
given by the Attorney Geneial, interest was al-
lowed on that sum from the time the claim was
presented, which made §8,000 more. A subse-
quent decision of the Attorney General or the De-
partment was obtained by which he was allowed
to get interest from 1813 to 1836, which again
doubled his claim. Then, in 1854, another reso-
lution was passed through Congress upon the same
subject,specifying that, inasmuch ascertain testi-
mony or affidavits had been rejected on the hear-
ing before the Auditor because of some infor-
mality, those affidavits should be received, and a
new hearing had. That hearing took place about
1858, when Mr. Floyd was Secretary of War.
He passed upon the whole case, reopening it from
the beginning, and he found that all the damages
had been done by the troops of the United States.
Tho Auditor before estimated the damages by the
troops of the United States to be one half, and one
half by the Indians. Mr. Floyd estimated that
the original claim, therefore, was £17,000, upon
which interest was computed from 1833 down to
1858, swelling up the sum, one thing upon an-
other, until it amounted to nearly sixty-six thou-
sand dollars; and then, to cap the climax in iela-
tion to these private claims, by some kind of leport
which came in through Mr. Simmons, of Rhode
Island, as chairman of the Committee on Chums,
an additional resolution was passed through this
body by which a further sum was likely to be
appropriated amounting to nearly sixty-six thou-
sand dollars more. That last resolution was, how-
ever, promptly repealed by both Houses of Con-
gress.
Now, Mr. President, I would maintain the
Court of Claims for the very purpo.se of sending
these claims to that court. Let them sift the
claims; let them pa^s upon them, and reject them,
us they would undoubtedly icject fraudulent
claims; and when the judgment of the couit had
been formed in favor of a claim, and on appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States it had
been confirmed, in my opinion there would be no
member of Congress who would not look upon
the judgment rendered as at least pi imafac.it proof
that that amount was actually due. Then when
your appropriation bills came in, practically they
would be in this form: for the payment ol n cer-
tain judgment rendered by the Court of Claims
ill favor of A B, $5,000; C D, $3,000; and so on; j
but the judgment in favor of each particular in- j
dividual would be named in your appropriation :
bill; and then if, on the facts coming before Con-
gress, it should appear thatany one of these was
a judgment which ought not to be paid, there
would still be an opportunity on the part of Con- :
gress, who hold the Treasury in"their hands, and 1
whose duty it is to hold it under the Constitution,
to pass on the justice of the appropriation; and
in eases where they were satisfied (hat the claim
ought not to be paid, Congress would leject the I
appropriation. ;
Mr. President, 1 feel deeply in this matter, be- j
cause I believe it is a departure from the whole j
piactice of our Government; it is in violation of
tiie spii it of our Constitution; it is shrinking from
the performance of our own duty to pass upon
the piopnety ol each appiopimuon that we make; ,
and at this junctuic in our affairs, m view of the j
amount of claims that 'may be pies^nted to this !
Government, growing out of the coutiacts which i
arc made in the prosecution of thiy war con- !
tracts amounting pei haps to thousands of millions !
of dollars, and claims amounting perhaps to hun- '
drnls of^ millions—{ am unwilling to put into the I
hands of any court the power to enter theTreas- ;
ury and pay over these vast sums of money with- '
out Congress specifically making the appropria- '
tioji foi the payment of each judgment. I
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to prolong the
discussion, because the bill has already taken a
good deal of time; and I should not say anything
more than I have already said had it not been for
the laborious exhibition made by the Senator from
Wisconsin here of the claim of George Fisher,
which could not have reached the Courtof Claims
under its constitution as heretofore existing, or as
we now propose it. It was because we were in
the habit of passing such claims through both
Houses of Congress that the attempt was made
to establish such a court; and we should remem-
ber that it was not by the Court of Claims, nor
by the Supreme Court, but by the Senate and
House of Representatives that that infamous
allowance was authorized. Let us have a court,
then, to stop all such claims. Now, if we send a
bill to the Court of Claims, and there is a judg-
ment of the court upon it, the practice is to* refer
it back to the House from which it went; but it is
here proposed not only to send claimants to the
Court of Claims, but if your solicitor on behalf
of the Government asks it, you send them from
there to the Supreme Court, and you have a full
trial there; because either party,by this bill,may
have an appeal.
The Senatorfrom Wisconsin says that he would
not tolerate one of these claims in either House
of Congress, unless it had been subjected to that
ordeal; that is, before a man could be heard in the
Senate or in the other House he should go through
the Court of Claims and through the Supreme
Court to boot; and then you would hear him.
That strikes me as singular " even-handed jus-
tice." I was sorry to hear what was said by the
Senator from Wisconsin, though I think he did
not mean that his language should go so far, that
this Governmentshould not put itself, even before
a court of justice, on the same footing with an in-
dividual. What sort of justice is that which is
not even-handed, which does not allow itself to
be sued ? 1 hope no officer of the Government, or
no member of the Senate or House of Represent-
atives, will say he is not willing to do what he is
willing to receive; and if he is willing to collecta
debt, he ought to be willing to pay it by the judg-
ment ofthe same tribunal. Reiterating what I said
before, I say a claimant has fought long enough
when he has fought through both courts, and I
think he should then be paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I'rise simply to ask that
we may be permitted to vote on this amendment.
It is the same proposition which was discussed
and voted upon twice when this bill was under
consideration some days ago, and it is now re-
newed again!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No.
Mr.TRUMBULL, f understand it to be the same
thing. I know that the Senator does not; and I
will take that back if the Senator is going to make
another speech on it. He comes in here and reads
the whole history of a case which never went be-
fore the Court of Claims at all. My object is to
get the bill acted on; and if the Senator thinks this
pioposition is different from the other, I shall not
say that it is the same. It seemed to me that it
involved the same principle; but he understands
that it does not involve it. So let it go; but do
let its vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not in the habit of
trifling with the Senate, and renewingpropositions
from time to time. The proposition which I
moved the other day, and which wasvoted down,
was that where the amount of the judgment ex-
ceeded a certain sum, it should not be final; but
the principle which is now introduced is, that theie
shall bo a,specific appropriation before these judg-
ments shall be paid. The bill, as it now provides,
is, thai there shall be a general fund appropriated
in advance, and then on the certificate of the ren-
dition of a judgment being presented to the Treas-
urer, it is to be paid atonce outof the fund. What
1 desire is, that the appropriation shall be made
after the judgment is rendeied and the money paid
on specific appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yens and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SUMNER, (when his name was called.)
If I voted, I should vote " nay, "but! have paired
off on this question with the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] who has left the Chamber for a
short time.
Mr. HENDERSON, (when Mr. Willey's
: name was called.) 1 desire to state that the Sen-
'! ator from Virginia has been called home by sick-
| ness in his family.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
j a quorum voting. No business is in order. '
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. TgTJMBULL. - I hope not.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask to have the names
of absentees called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The names of
those who have not answered will be called.
The Secretary called the names of those Sena-
tors who had not voted on the amendment of Mr.
Doolittle.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I shall
deem it my duty to vote now in order to make a
quorum, but it is my duty also to add that the
Senator from Iowa if here would vote " yea;" I
shall vote " nay."
Mr. Hicks voted in the negative, and Mr.
Wilkinson in the affirmative.
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Davi^, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Grimes, Hale, Haidinjr, King, Morrill, Pomeroy, JRice,
Sherman, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts,
ami Wi jght—16.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Arnold, Biowning,Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Di.\oii, Foot, Foster, Harris, Henderson,
Hick<, Howard, bane of Kansas, Powell, Sumner, Ten
E.vek, Trumbull, Wade^nd Wilson of Missouii—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to make another
slight amendment. The thirteenth section ofthe
bill now provides that " every petition filed under
this act shall be verified by the affidavit of the
claimant, his agent or attorney." I propose to
amend it by atnking out the words " his agent or
attorney." I do not see how the oath of an agent
or attorney could give much additional credit to
a claim which is exhibited in the court. These
agents, 1 am told, aie very frequently recklcss
and unscrupulous men, who, for their own profit,
perhaps, would be induced to make an affidavit
to something of which they had no such inform-
ation as would justify them in making the affida-
vit. Unless the committee have considered the
matter, and have some good and sufficient reason,
satisfactory to their minds, for conferring the au-
thority upon the agent or attorney, as well as upon
the claimant himself, to verify the petition by affi-
davit, I think it had better be stricken out."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire of my
colleague if there might not be cases where the
claimant could not make the oath, as in cases of
infants and absentees. T agree very much with
his suggestion that the oath of one of these claim
agents, swearing to the best of his belief, amounts
to very little; but still, to require the oath of (he
claimant might, in some cases which I could ima-
gine, perhaps be a denial of justice.
Mr. CLARK. Take the case where the con-
tract was made by an agent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thei e may be cases where
the whole business isdone by an agent, where the
oath of the claimant himself would be of very little
value. The case has to be sustained in court by
the same proof in either case. This provision ia
only as to the affidavit to verify the petition.
Mr. BROWNING. L suggest that the attor-
ney should be struck out at any rate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we might afford
to strike out the attorney.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois may modify his motion.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 do not feci disposed to
insist on the motion against tho wishes of the com-
mittee; but it strikes me that it would be opening
a door to frauds, and perjuries even, to lay a tempt-
ation before agents and attorneys to make oaths
which their principals might be too conscientious
to make, and might refuse to make. It is true there
are cases where the claimants might be minors,
| and we might in that event require the verifica-
| tion to be by their guardians; bccause I apprehend
j their guardlansNvould have to make such investi-
! gation and possess such knowledge of the claims
as to enable them to make an oath with a clearer
conscience than an agent or attorney could make
