1S88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
his objections on two occasions at the last session |
of Congress, but had favored-a committee of in- !
quiry,it is possible that that committee would have
shown that the Adjutant General had been foully
and untruthfully aspersed also. If he were inno-
cent there were more witnesses, there was a more
unbroken current of complaint and denunciation
against him than I ever heard against any other
man. If he had been made to submit to a proper
investigation, and had passed through it like the
three men of ancient times through the fiery fur-
nace, I would have been gratified that he had come
out unscathed. 1 want to pull down no man; but
I want every man who is an impostor to be un-
masked; to pass for what he is worth; for^|l that
he is worth, and no more. I renew my pledge to
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, that
if he and myself live to return, and are permitted
by the course of events to comeback to this Cham-
ber next December, the first move I shall make
will be for a committee to investigate the conduct
both of General Butler and Adjutant General
Thomas.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, the name of Gen-
eral McClellan is not properly before the Senate.
History, in my opinion, will vindicate him.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, this is a hill 
'Bile PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota yield the floor?
Mr. RICE. No, sir; 1 shall be through in a
moment,
I believe if there is a loyal man in this country
it is General Thomas. He did not shrink from
tin investigation, i know that he was anxious
that the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky should pass; and I know that if a blow
had fallen on any one in that investigation it would
not have been upon him. He is now ready, as
he ever has been, for an investigation; and it would
have been a proud day for him if the resolution
of the Senator ftom Kentucky had passed.
Now one word in regard to General Butler. I
remained here during the dark week, as it wa.s
called, and dining all the tumbles at that time.
Our main stay and main hope then was in Gen-
eral Butler when he was stationed at Annapolis.
Ele, of ail other men of tins country, has antici-
pated and fulfilled the wishes of the people in every
position in which he has been placed since the
war commenced. It was a mistake, in my opin-
ion, to remove him from the command at New Or-
leans. 1 think the daikestday the people of that
city have seen since possession was taken of it
was the day when In* left it. I speak now of the
loyal nun. lie took possession of that city. Out
of chaos order sprang. The rights of every loyal
citizen were preserved and protected. Order
reigned throughout the city, and such order as
they have not seen for the last twenty years.
I think it entnely wrong to get up bete and
accuse n general of being concerned in peculations
without the slightest evidence. I will say this
for General Butler, that he is ready to meet any
charge, imnmtei ml from what source it may come.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me a
moment >
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator say when a
respectable citizen and a gentleman comes from
the city of Si. Louis, and charges General Butler
with having broken into his safe and plundered
it of $4,000 woith of plate, and having sent his
creatures and tools and rifled his house of §20,000
or $30,000 worth of rich furniture, that that is
making a charge without the slightest founda-
tion ?
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I do not believe
General Butler ever infringed on the rights of a
loyal citizen anywhere, or that he ever took one
dollar from any loyal citizen; and when General
Butler is called upon he will be able to show that
his hands are clean front the charge of peculation.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
put another question to him?
Mr. RICE. Certainly;as manyas you please.
Mi. DAVIS. Who is General Butler's biother?
How oame he to bo hanging on upon Genend
Butler's army in Louisiana1 llow came he to
grow suddenly rich > How came he in posses-
sion of an elegant estate worth §3,000,000? How
came he in possession of that estate to be guaran-
tied and seemed to him by a troop of armed men
m the service of the United States?
Mr. RICE. General Butler's brother, if I am
correctly informed, was appointed a quartermas-
ter by this Administration; and there is not the
slightest evidence before the Senate that he has
made a dollar wrongfully. I know nothing about
him. 1 never saw him. The charge is a mere
newspaper report, and it has been raised by the
speculators, the semi-rebels, and the rebels them-
selves, who have been defaming and denouncing
men who have executed faithfully the orders of
the Government in putting down this rebellion,
i know that General Butler will not. shrink from
an investigation. I believe when that investiga-
tion is held, the result will prove that the only
crime he has committed—crime in the estimation
of some—has been in giving his whole strength,
physical and mental, in putting down this rebel-
lion.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the Senator another
question. I do not believe in any rebels. I have
no sympathy for sccessionism. If there is any-
thing on earth that 1 am willing to combat, it is
secessionism; and 1 have no sympathy with se-
cession, whether its manifestations be.by the male
or the female sex. 1 ask the honorable Senator,
if, with all his condemnation of the evidences of
secessionism by the ladies, or women, if you
please, of the city of New Orleans, he justifies
the coarse language which General Butler used
in relation to them ?
Mr. RICE. I have never alluded to or con-
demned the course pursued by ladies either North
or South. It would be difficult for me to judge of
the aggravation that caused the issue of the order
by General Butler in regard to the females of New
Orleans; but the interpretation given to it by him
since its issue shows conclusively that he did not
intend to apply it in the manner in which it has
been interpreted by the enemies of the Govern-
ment. However, 1 am not disposed, and I do not
think tins a proper occasion to discuss the loy-
alty of the ladies of either section. God bless them
all, North and South. But I will say in regard to
tins very hunoiable and respectable gentleman
from St. Loui.s, that he is either a rebel or that
General Butler did not disturb his property. You
can take either horn of the dilemma.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt from everything
1 have heard of the gentleman from St. Louis,
that he is as loyal as the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RICE. I profess no loyalty. 1 make no
professions whatever on that subject.
Mr. DAVIS. Weil, you had better make them.
Mr. RICE. No, sir; I am safe anyhow.
Mr. DAVIS. There is one thing, sir, I will
state 
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to a point of order.
This debate is entirely out of order.
Tlte PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Tins is a bill 14 to provide
for the collection of abandoned property, for the
purchase of staples, and -for the prevention of
frauds in insuri eetionary districts within the Uni-
ted States." The genetals of the Army arc not
on trial, and I submit that this whole debate is not
relevant to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
state one fact? 1 learn that this famous quarter-
master, the brothorof General Butler, was rejected
unanimously by the Senate. I do not recollect
whether it is the fact or not.
Mr. CHANDLER. With regaul to this bill,
I will simply say that, it was drawn 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was about to state, in reference to the point of
oider raised by the Senator from Michigan, that
the Chair has no hesitation in saying that the linn
of discussion has very far transcended the proper
limits of debate on the question directly befoiethe
Senate. The Chair is always reluctant to inter-
fere with a Senator addressing the body on ques-
tions before it, in reference to the i elevancy of his
remarks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to discuss
tins bill. I will simply state that the bill was
very carefully drawn by the Secretaries of War
and the Treasury. The Secretary of War, in a
letter to the Committee on Commerce, desired that
this transfer should be made. The bill was drawn
with great care. It was carefully examined by
theCommiUee on Commerce. It was carefully re-
vised. 1 believe it to be right in every particular;
and I hope the Senate will stand by it just as itis
presented. I will not discuss it. I simply ask
for a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri to
strike out the second and third sections of the bill.
Mr, POWELL. I understood the Senator from
Michigan to state that under the provisions of this
bill nobody could buy estates there except the
agents of the Government. Are there not penal-
ties in the bill against theii doing so ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not state that.
Mr. POWELL. 1 understood the Senator to
make that statement. I did not •hear him dis-
tinctly, and that is the reason I asked the ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not make that state-
ment. The intention is that this whole matter
shall be transferred to the agents of the Treasury
Department. That is the intent and meaning of
the bill.
Mr. POWELL. Mi. President, I find I was
not mistaken in what I thought the Senator said.
He told the Senate a few minutes ago that it would
tend to make these people loyal for the Govern-
ment to send agents down there to buy their prop-
erty. If the Senator will look to the provisions
of the second section of the bill, he will see that
these Government agents are not to give more
than two thirds of the value of that property in
the market at New York, to be regulated by the
prices current last seen by that agent. Would it
not be calculated to make these people more loyal
to allow them to take their own property and sell
it in New York or any other place ? Do not Sen-
ators know that if the Government monopolizes
the business of buying sugar, cotton, rice, and
tobacco in that country, after our armies shall
have passed over a district of it, it will keep out
all competition, and there will be no maiketthere
for it except at the reduced prices the Government
agents choose to give? Why,sir,ihe idea of the
Government turning speculator m rice, cotton,
sugar, and tobacco, and then by a law to monop-
olize the trade, and to compel its agents not to give
mnie than two thirds of the price at the city of
New York, is a gross outrage upon those people,
in my humble judgment. Allow those people to
sell their commodities to whom they please. Let
every merchant, let every trader, i f you please, go
in and buy it and give to them the highest price
in the market. But to confine this business to a
Government a^ent, and to restrict him in this way
in the price, is treating those people with cruel
wrong.
Then, sir, if you allow this Government to
turn speculator, these Government agents—and
the whole history of the Government has proved
that—will be guilty, I have no doubt of the gross-
est robberies and plunders upon the public Treas-
ury. You cannotexpectanythingelse from them
The whole thing is wrong from beginning to end
It is wrong to the people. It is grossly m viola-
tion of the Constitution of the country. 1 care not
whether this bill was recommended by the Secre-
tary of War, the Secretary of the Treasury, the
President and all the Cabinet, and all the wofid
besides, those sections are wrong, and should be
striken from the bill. 1 am astonished that the
heads of Departments of this Government should
recommend any such unjust and unconstitutional
legislation.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill is to operate
among rebels and upon rebels. 1 did not expect
the support of the Senator from Kentucky; nor
do I expect his support to any measure for the
salvation of this Government. A rebel has sac-
rificed all his rights. He has no right to life, liberty,
property,or thepursnuofhappiness. [Laughter.]
Everything you give him, even life itself,isaboon
which he has forfeited. Now, if you permit the
agent of this Government to buy property from
these rebels, and to pay them two thirds of its
value, if you please, or any other price to induce
them to preserve that property, you confer a boon
upon Lheni.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator says he did not
expect me to advocate anything to sustain the
Government. I do not expect the Senator to ad-
vocate anything that has a reasonable amount of
honesty and constitutional law in it. The Sena-
tor says that provision of the bill is to operate
upon rebels. That is the Senator's assertion, but
it is not in the bill. If the Senator will look to
other provisions of his bill, he will find that the
