1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
property of rebels is confiscated and the Govern-
ment takes charge of it. Hut, sir, tins section pro-
poses to buy property, not from xebels; for under
the law passed at the last session their property is
confiscated. The sections proposed to be stricken
out, therefore, do not operate upon rebels at all,
but upon loyal men. If the Senator understands
his bill, and has read it, as I suppose he has, for
it came from his committee, or purports to be re-
ported by him, he must know that the other pro-
visions in the biil apply to the property of rebels.
That has been confiscated, and that you take with-
out purchase; but the two sections of the bill pro-
posed to be stricken out duert that the Govern-
ment through its agents shall buy the property of
persons who are not rebels. Under the law as it
now stands, the property of rebels is confiscated
and taken without purchase.
But, sir, if they are rebels, how does the Senator,
whoassaults anybody who he says is in sympathy
with the rebels, maintain himself for buying; from
them, when the law that he voted for, and I voted
against, believing it to be unconstitutional, says
they have forfaited their property. The Senator
wishes to give the money of the Government to
rebels; and yet in the next sentence he says the
rebel is not entitled to ony protection. He says if
a rebel holds his life the Government gives it to
him. It is the first time that I ever heard that the
Government could give life. I thought that came
from God Almighty; but the Senator thinks the
Government can give life.
The Senator proposes to buy the property of
rebels when that property is confiscated under the
law as it now exists, and the other piovisions in
his bill provide for taking it. The two sections
of the bill which it is now proposed, on the motion
of the Senator from Missouri, to strike out, do
not relate to the property of rebels, but to the prop-
erty of loyal men. The Senator a moment ago
said he wished to make them a little more loyal, to
encourage their loyalty, by allowing them to sell
their property. Now he tells you they ate rebels
and have forfeited everything, and have no right
to anything; and with that declaration upon his
lips, here is his bill proposing to pay those who he
says are rebels for their property. The truth is,
these sections do not apply to rebels, and if the
Senator will examine his bill he will find that that
is so. I am astonished that the honorable Senator
knows so little about the real provisions ol a bill
that he has reported heie.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not, I confess, exactly
see the ground of the opposition to this bill taken
by the Senator from Kentucky. So far as I un-
derstand it, it is this: that, because we alieady
have an act confiscating the property of rebels in
arms against th-e Government, lie would not suf-
fer this bill to become a law lest it should enable
the Government of the United States to purchase
the same property from lebels as an inducement
to their becoming loyal and lemaining loyal.
That I understand to be the ground of Ins objec-
tion. That Senator, as he confesses here, voted
against the confiscation act of the last session,
upon the ground that it was not only unconsti-
tutional, but that it was unusual, contrary to the
laws of war, and contrary to justice. If it shall
be the effect of this bill to modify and alter in any
way the confiscation act to which he has alluded, j;
upon what ground is it that he can complain of ji
it? If this bill changes the confiscation act the ;!
Senator ought to he sati sfie^ with it. If it modi- ::
lies it or repeals it m any way he is the last man J
on this floor to make any complaint against it. j
Mr. POWELL. It'the honorable Senator will [
allow me, my iciiidikis weir diiected to the second j
and third sections of the bill; and if he will look j
at those sections he will find that they apply not ,
to rebels and those whose property is confiscated, i
The motion is to stiike out those sections, and j
my remarks have been in favor of striking those j
sections out; not on the mam bill at all. j
Mr. HOWARD. I think I undeistand what the ■
meaning of the second section is. I will read it. j;
Sf.c. 2. And be d fwither cnactcd, That if *hall be law- '
ful ioi such <i < nt <h agent-, under such iemulation-* as tin- ;,
Secietary of The Trea-any may prescribe, to ptireha.-e in ''
said in-urrectionaiy States cotton, nee. sugar, and Tobacco T
nt such price oi price* u-^ may be agreed on, not exceeding i'
the market piicc of Mich amcJe at the place of &aie, nor !,
two thiids of the maikct price thereof in the city ot Xew "
Yoikat the date of the last quotation-- known to *.ueli agent, j!
The Senator from Kentucky insists that this ji
section of the bill applies only to loyal men, and s!
that these purchases are to be made only from
such. He certainly does not derive this interpre-
tation of the Joill fiom the language of the bill,and
the language of the section, because the section
says nothingaboutloyalmenordisloyal men, but
applies generally in the most general sense to all
persons who may have possession of this descrip-
tion of property, whether they be loyal men or
disloyal men, and the assertion which he makes
here that it applies solely to loyal men is entirely
gratuitous, and is intended to produce a false im-
pression respecting the purpose of the bill. The
scheme of the hill is entirely different from this.
Its object is to hold out to all persons in the insur-
rectionary districts, wherever our Army goes, an
inducement to preserve their property and not to
destroy it as our Army penetrates the insurrec-
tionary regions; and as an inducement to them to
have them return to loyalty it says to them, " if
you will sell this description of property to the
United States they will give you a certificate of
the sale; and if you come forward at any time
within two years after this and ask your pay for
the amount which you have thus delivered you
shall have your pay from the Government of the
United States; provided that from and after the
date of this sale you shall remain a loyal citizen
of the United States, and commit no act of rebel-
lion." It is holding out the olive branch to men
who have thus far been in rebellion. It is saying
to them in the gentlest, in the kindest and most
persuasive terms, "citizens, return to your duty;
return to your allegiance; do not destroy your prop-
erty; but rather than destroy and throw it away
in the interests of the rebellious governmentwhom
you serve, turn it over to the United States, and
they will finally pay you a fair price for it, pio-
vided after this you shall remain loyal." That is
the meaning and intention of the bill, so far as I
understand it, and I have read it, I think, with
care enough to be able to master its meaning; and
m that view I am entirely willing to vote for it.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, the proposition
is to strike out the second and thud sections of
the hill. As a reason why we should not strike
out those sections, the Suialoi fiom Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] ways the bill was very carefully
diawn by t lie Secretary of the Treasury and the
Secretary of War, and they are in favor «*>f the
bill. Now I propose to examine not alone the
sections which are to be stricken out, but some
other parts of the kill, to see how carefully it has
been drawn, and to see what attention we ought
to give to the fact that it was drawn by the Sec-
retary of the Treasui y and the Secretary of War.
I will ask the Senator from Michigan to turn his
attention with me foi a moment to the bixth sec-
tion of the bill as diawn. I nvan the amendment
or substitute for the sixth section which the com-
mittee propose to pot in That I suppose the
Secretary of the Treasury did not draw; though
I do not know whether the Senator from Michi-
gan meant to be understood ih.it the Secretaries
ofWar and Treasury had drawn the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. It was all drawn by them..
Mr. CLARK, ft was all drawn, I am told by
the Senator fiom Maine, by the Secretary ofWar
and the Secretary of the Treasui y.
Mr. COLLAMER. l^owcmdd they draw the
bill and thro thaw the amendments to it?
All. CLARK. The Senator from Vermont
wishes to know how they could dtaw the bill,
and then draw the amendments. I suppose be-
cause i hey reflected on it, and concluded they could
better it; and 1 think I can show that the amend-
ments can be bettered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Senator
fiom New Hampshire that the sixth section was
changed chiefly for the puipose of putting a pen-
alty to the violation of the huv. It is nearly iden-
tical with the section stricken out.
Mr. CLARK. Very well; but let us look a
little while at this sixth section. 1 want to invite
the attention of the Senator from Michigan to it,
because I think he will not agree to it himself
when he sees and considers its effect. I>y the
provisions of that section it is macted:
That ail property eomins; into any of flu: Uniti d Stales
not d 'Cian'd in in-uireetion, a-, a^oies-aid. notu within .my
of the State- deHared m m-urieeuon. thiouL'h or by any
otner penon than any agent duly appointed uudei {he pm-
vMon? ot tin.- act, oi undoi a lawful el c,nance bj the piopoi
officer of the Ttea>utv department, sdiall he confiscated to
the u«e oi the (iov'ei nuient of the Uiuti d States,
Now, the Senator from Michigan understands
the provision. I want to put to him this case:
Suppose there is a man in the Siat^of Mississippi
who is a perfectly loyal man and a man of some
property, and he wants to get out ©f rebellions*
He gathers up his property and flees to the North.
That property is to be confiscated; and that is the
very provision of* your bill. • >>
Mr. WILKINSON. Can he not obtain a clear-
ance ? . ;
Mr. CLARK. Where will he get a clearance I
The rebels will give him none. Who is goingio
give him a clearance except his legs?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will turn
to another clause of this bill he will find that all
the fines and penalties in this bill are at the dis-
posal of the Secretary of the Treasury. He can
relieve any or all of them, as he does every other
fine.
Mr. FOSTER, (to Mr. Clark.) And so the
President can pardon a man who has been sen-
tenced to be hung.
Mr."CLARK. As suggested by the Senator
from Connecticut, the President may pardon a man
condemned to be hung; but a man does not like to
be condemned merely for the sake of being par-
doned.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, we are compelled to give extraordinary
powers to the Secretary of War, the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Secretary of the Navy, and the
President in time of war. This is a war measure*
I confess that it confers extiaordmary powers. I
confess that it is stringent. So are all war meas-
ures stringent; so are all war powers extraordi-
nary. In time of profound peace I never would
introduce this bill.
Mr. CLARK. *1 wantto put another question
to the Senator from Michigan. He says this is
a war power. Then why not let the Army have
it, and let them speculate?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have answered that
seven or eight times.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, I understand it all very
well. Now let me put a case that actually oc-
curred. A poor woman in Tennessee was starv-
ing, and she took a bale of Qotton and traveled
seventy n>iles to get to the army to realize some-
thing from that bale of cotton to support herself.
Under this bill that would have been confiscated.
Do you want to do that ? What an invitation is
this to these people to return from rebellion, or
for the loyal people to come out and separate
themselves fiom it, if they are to be treated in
this way!
Mr. CHANDLER. Why, sir, this bill pro-
vides for the puichase of that single bale ofcotton
by the Government.
Mr. CLARK. Suppose there is no agent there.
She has to bring it herself, and she did bring it.
The agent did not bring it.
Mr. President, if the Government would hon-
estly execute the confiscation bill, you would not
need this trading sort of dicker. You could take
the property "of rebels and protect loyal citizens;
and there is the difficulty. Your Government
wants to trade and barterand dicker and compro-
mise. Why not walk up and take the property
of jebels from them and put the rebellion down;
and then you could protect theloyal men; but now
you want to send your speculator and your trad-
ing agent in advance of your Aimy.
Mr. CHANDLER. Nothing of the sort.
Mr. CLARK. How, then, does he get outside
the lines to buy this property ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Why,sir, we do not pro-
pose to go outside the lines to buy propert y. The
agent is within youi lines all the time. It is very
hard to make a lawyer understand an ordinary
business transaction. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD, (to Mu Clark.) Giveitup,
Clark.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not know
but that 1 ought to follow the advice of the other
Senator from Michigan, and give itup. 1 am told
this bill is very caiefully drawn by the Secretary
of the Treasui y and the Secretary of War; and
tliev are both lawyers.
Mr. CHANDLER. But it was revised by a
merchant. [Laughter.]
All. CLARK. But it has been confessed here
that the very amendment was revised or drawn by
the Secretaries of the Treasury and War. Will
the Senator tell us what the merchant did? He
thought the chief merit of the bill was that it was
