m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januaiy 20,
Colonel Vandever, that he received his commis-
sion as colonel not from the President of the Uni-
ted States, but from the Governor of Iowa. The
Jaw for raising these volunteers, while it makes foil
provision for their organization and regulation,
creating the offices anu prescribing" the duties ap-
pertaining to them, holding the officers account-
able to the Commander-in-Chief of the Army of
the United States and to nobody else, has permit-
ted, if they see fit, the Governors of the States to
commission some of the officers, providing, how-
ever, that if they fail to do it, the President shall
then do it. The Governor of the State of Iowa
commissioned Mr. Vandever a colonel, and it has
been held by him because that certificate omiifed
to state that he was holding an office under the Uni-
ted States, and because that certificate was signed
by the Governor of that State, (who got all of his
authority to sign it from the act of Congress,) that
he was not a United States officer. He thought
he could hold that commission bearing the name
of the Governor of Iowa, that he could be mus-
tered into the volunteer service of the United States
and be subject to the Articles of War and the rules
and regulations of the Army of the United States,
and that still he was not an officer of the United
States, but was an officer of the State of Iowa. A!!
the precedents are against him in that. The law
raising the volunteer force to suppress the present
febeliion followed the terms of the law for raining
the volunteer force during the Mexican war. It
seems to have been copied from that net which
contained the same provision, that the Governors
of States might commission the colonels, and the
officers under colonels, in the Mexican war.
A member of this House volunteered his ser-
vice, received the position of colonel, and took his
commission from the Governor of his State, and
was mustered into the volunteer service of the
United Slates. Then a man offered himself at the
polls in that district for the position of a seat upon
this floor made vacant by the act of the member
in accepting the position of colonel. He came
here and presented himself at the bar of the House.
The House then declared that the member, by
accepting the position of colonel, had vacated his
Seat upon this floor, and it further declared, ncm.
con,, that the man who presented himself was
entitled to the seat which had been vacated, and
admitted him. It so happened that the member
who accented the position of colonel was with a
strong political majority in this House; yet that
majority, after fuii diacusfnon, in which Mr.
Douglas, a member of his own party and his own
political friend, argued upon the side which iy
now occupied by the Committee of Elections'—
yet, 1 say, that timtpolitical majority in this House
decided that the member who had received this
commission from the Governor of the .State, and
was mustered into theserviceof the United States,
by that act vacated his seat upon this floor, ,u.d
the record runs that the House admitted the other
man to whom I have referred, no one objecting.
The late Colonel Baker, when a member of tins
House, received a commission and entered into
the volunteer service of the United States 
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question. Do 1 understand
him to say that a man in such a case, who was
elected without any proclamation from the Gov-
ernor of the State, was admitted to a seat uoon
this floor?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; that is the record. I
am not discussing the question whether that gen-
tleman or anybody else is entitled to this seat now.
I only bring this up to show that this Hous<* 1ms
decided that a member who accepted the position
of a colonel, by that act vacated his seat upon this?
floor. I am not arguing, and the resolution ofrhe
Committee of Elections does not embrace, the
other question. It is because the resolution does
not embrace it that I do not argue it.
Mr. Speaker, this is a distinct and independent
proposition offered to the House, without any of
the embarrassments winch may be involved in the
right of anybody else to a seat. There is a gen-
tleman claiming to have been elected to this sea'
at a Subsequent election, but the House will hine
to pass upon this resolution before it can decide
who has the right to the seat.
But the Hovtse, it be proper to speak of po-
litical matters in connection with these matters;
and each of us recognizes his own infirmity, and
lias noticed ibo fact that we are too much inclined
to look at the politics of the parties in judging
of cases of election; I do not profess to be any
more above those considerations than any one
else, hut I have strived, so far as I can for myself
alone, to put out of sight all political considera-
tions in judging of the right of a member of the
House to a seat upon this floor;) but, sir, the
House, at the time I have referred to, was strongly
in political sympathy with the man whose seat
they declared vacant. The discussion was inter-
esting and able. It left, as it was supposed at that
time, and as it has constantly been acted on up to
this time, no doubt as to the constiuction of the
Constitution.
I was remarking, when I was interrupted, that
the late Colonel Baker was precisely in the same
position. The other case to which 1 referred was
that of Colonel Yell, of Arkansas. Colonel Baker
was of different politics, but he was precisely in
the same position. Having served awhile in the
volunteer force in Mexico, he came back here
precisely as our friends come herefrom the Army,
and took his seat in the Blouse,and undertook to
discharge the duties of a member. But the ques-
tion was raised by his own political friends m the
House. The question was debated; and Colonel
Baker so cleaily saw that he had no right to a
seat upon this floor from the moment that he ac-
cepted the position of colonel in the Army, that
he rose up and resigned his position as a member
of this House. Yet, sir, after that the Commit-
tee of Elections was instructed to inquire into the
question at what time his seat became vacant—
whether at the time he resigned in the House, or
at the time he accepted the position of colonel of
the volunteer force. And the committee unani-
mously reported that he vacated his seat when he
accepted tlie position of colonel.
Such are the precedents, Mr. Speaker, and they
clearly forced upon us of the committee to report
the pending resolution. It may be well admitted,
1 think, that we have strived to arrive at a differ-
ent result. Wo have so striven because we ap-
preciate the gallant and patriotic considerations
that have led Mr. Vandever and otheis like him
to accept these positions. But the committee has
acted consistently with its duty. They reported
this proposition, that a man could not be a mem-
ber of this House and an officer of the Army at
the same time—it was incompatible with the Con-
stitution. It never ought to be that the seats in
thus House shoidd be filled with the appointees of
the Executive. Clearly running through the Con-
stitution, in every one of its parts, is it evident that
ito fitimcrs desired to make all the departments
of the Government distinct and independent from
each other; and no more pains did they take any-
where to provide the limits of the ( xecutive, Jegis-
lative,and judicial departments oftheGovernment,
within which they should discharge their func-
tions, than here. It was provided that no person
should discharge the duties of a member of either
brand) of Congress and hold a position under
the President of the United States. So far as any
written Constitution could make that, they have
made it, so that we could stand up and discharge
our duty, whether it be in commendation or con-
demnation of the executive department; whether
it be a criticism on or in response to its require-
ment, without fear or the hope of reward. They
saw, as appears from the discussions on the adop-
tion of the Constitution, as we have seen during
the seventy years of its practical application,
how fatal it would he to the liberties of this coun-
try when the President of the United Stages had
the control of the men who occupy these seats.
They saw that there may aiise occasions—whether
at this moment or not 11 is not proper for me to
say—-and there have arisen occasions in the past
history of the country, when the Executive, wi'hin
the letter of the Constitution, has nevertheless so
far departed from its spirit as, if not to be ^een in
bodily presence in this House, at least to be felt
in the atmosphere, to be felt in the expression of
opinions uttered upon this floor, and in votes
recorded here. But let it be understood that the
House is wiiiing, so far, to suirender its"lf to the
Executive—-that it will serve in his armies and
submit to the decisions of courts-martial and to
the sentence of death which follows—and this
House has no longer even the semblance of inde-
pendence of the Executive. Therefore, whatever
may be the feelings of members touching their
approval of the net of Mr. Vandever, I trust that
they will not let themselves so far depart from this
essential element of their existence as an inde-
pendent body as to cast a vote here to-day that
shall surrender—the most important of all—the
liberty which they hold by constitutional guaran-
tee, independent of the Executive.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the resolu-
tion be postponed until the third Tuesday in Feb-
ruary next. I do not see the necessity of acting
on it now, when we have more important busi-
ness. Mr. Vandever was engaged in the recent
gallant taking of Arkansas Post, and I want him
to be here when this question is decided. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me one moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I waive the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to press this to
a vote against Mr. Vandever's rights. At the
hearing before the committee, the committee re-
ceived a communication from Mr. Vandever that
he did not care to be heard before the committee.
After the committee had arrived at a conclusion,
Mr. Vandever, being taken somewhat by surprise
at that conclusion, wrote to the committee that
he desired to be heaid. The committee granted
his request, and postponed the consideration of
the matter in the House until the arrival of Mr.
Vandever from the field. And if I needed any
further illustration of the incompatibility of the
two offices, I should only ask to read Mr. Van-
dever's letter to the committee, wherein he says
he cannot get a furlough from his commanding
officer. He is in such a position in military ser-
vice that his commanding officer will not let him
leave his post. I think that illustrates, better than
anything else, the unfoitunatc incompatibility of
the two offices. He came in here just at the close
of the last session, and at his lequest I made the
motion, or at any rate advocated it, that the mat-
ter be postponed.
Mr. BY1NGTON, (contestant.) I want to
call the attention of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to the declaration of Mr. Vandever him-
self on this floor at the last session; and then 1
will ask him whether he complied with the con-
ditions which he himself proposed.
Mr. DAWES. I urged on the House to post-
pone, at Mr. Vandever's request, the considera-
tion of the case till the first Tuesday in Decem-
ber of the last year. When that day came, the
matter was not called upon account of the ab-
sence of the gentleman who made the report, and
it has been postponed to this hour. If there is
anything in the report, if there is any duty in-
cumbent on the House, if the House is not even
now so far m that very position which I have
ti ied to conv ince the House they were in danger of
being in, then I beg the House to pass upon this
question one way or the other, and say whether
this body is independent or not.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yi'dd the floor to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE. For what purpose?
Mr. WILSON. To make a correction per-
sonal-to my colleague.
Mr. WASIJBUltNE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not want this case to go
over without correcting a statement which I un-
derstood the gentleman from Massachusetts to
make. That was that Colonel Vandever had re-
ceived pay for both offices of colonel and member
of the House. I wish to state, Mr. Speaker, that
the amount received by my colleague m compen-
sation of his services us colonel has all been re-
funded to the paymaster of the United States; so
that he is not leceiving double pay.
Mr. DAWES. He did receive it; did he not?
Mr. WILSON, He did receive it, and it has
been refunded.
Mr. DAWES. Ife received it until the com-
mittee called the attention of the House to it in
its jeport.
Air. ATAYNAIID. I ask the gentle man from
Illinois [Mr. Washburn's] whether Mr. Vande-
ver is, dt this time, serving under General Mc-
Clernand on the Arkansas.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have understood that
he is, and that he left here for that purpose. I
now insist on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the motion
to postpone.
