1S42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
panies. They are notcorporations. In no instance
are they corporations,but private partnerships and
associations for the purpose of carrying on this
business.
MESSAGE F110 Si TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed a bill of the Senate (No. !
566) to promote the health, comfort, and efficiency
of the Army of the United States, in winch he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
I was about to say these paituerships and asso-
ciations scattered all over the Noith are not cor-
porations at all, but private persons embarked in
this business. The tax as proposed will amount
to fifteen per cent, on their profits; not to twelve,
but to fifteen per cent., as 1 am assured by gen-
tlemen of high character who have given me in-
formation on this point. The preceding section
of the bill taxes persons engaged in running ferry
boats, and persons of that sort, one and a half per
cent. They pay only one half the amount of taxes
that the poisons engaged in this business are asked
to pay. These express companies have .suffered
greater injustice under the tax bill than any other
class. They have been taxed, not only as is now
proposed by the House, when the tax bill was
passed, but they have been arbitrarily taxed as
bankers and commercial brokers, and under all
sorts of pretexts licenses have been exacted of fifty
dollars and some a hundred dollars. They are,
as a class, subjected to inordinate taxation; and
although I have moved my amendment for the
purpose merely of making these brief lemarks, I
hope that the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland will be adopted, for 1 think that it is
just. !
Mr. BID OLE. I oppose the amendment o&ho
gentleman from New York for the purptHf of
making a few reniatks. I agree in all that lie has ,
said. While theie has been a seeming incieaso
of the business of these companies, under the cir-
cumstances of the tune*, theie luus, in reality, be.mi
no increase in their emoluments. A large pio- 1
portion of the apparent increase of their business
is the conveyance to the Army of packages in- '
tended for our soldiers. Now, that is a class of ]
persons from whom no one desires to exact any
further charge than is absolutely necessary, and -
it is also a class of persons whose means do not
enable them to pay any exorbitant charges, if j
such should be made; and yet the additional ex- j
pense of conveying this class of packages to their '
destination is very consideiable, for it is nee.es- ;
sary to charter steamboats or to charter special I
conveyances to go to the place where the articles ;
are to be distributed, in consequence of the wide ,
extent 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to the •
gentleman from Pennsylvania that if he will close
his speech the Committee of" Ways and Means !
will malco no objection to the amendment. !
Mr, BIDDLE. That, is satisfactory. !
Mr.ROSCORCON IvL! NU, by unanimous con- 1
sent, withdrew the amendment to the amendment, i
if lie amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. STEVENS I perceive the Clerk is read- :
mg the thirteenth section. 1 intended to oiler an >
amendment to the pieeedmg section, but I was in- I
terrupted by a gentleman with a dispatch at the
time that section was read. j
Mr. ANCONA. Let the amendment be read. 1
Mr. STEVENS There has been no action
taken upon the next section, and 1 think I have a
right to move mi amendment to the twelfth m etion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is in time. ;
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend section
twelve by inxeitirig after the word "oil,M in line
fifteen, the words "distilled spirits, cotton or1
woolen labiics." 1 will explain the amendment
in a few words. By our law of last year we pro- ;
vided that goods manufactured after the 1st of,
Septembei should be taxed, and no others; but 1
theie is a proviso m it which provides that when-
ever goods are left upon the premises after that :
time, they should be considered as manufactured
after that. The Commissioner has decided that
"premises" means all the property owned by the
company, and that where goods have been moved
from one house to another on the same lot by i
the same parties, they are subject to taxation,
notwithstanding they were-manufactured before
the 1st of September. Take tins as an exam-
ple: a distiller in my distiict, who has not dis-
tilled a drop of liquor for five or six years, had
left in the garret of his distillery six or seven
thousand gallons of spirits. His distillery is not
now in operation, nor does he intend to put it in
operation; yet he is now assessed for the whole
of that liquor.
At the beginning of this session we sent a bill
to the Senate to remedy this difficulty—the same
remedy I offer now. But they struck out two or
three sections, but they have all been inserted
here, except the one I have mentioned. Why the
committee left it out I cannot imagine. We have
made the same provision here for liquors, beer,
illuminatingoil, &c., and, m short, if these things
were manufactured before the 1st of September,
though not removed from the premises, and suffi-
cient proof is given to the collector that they were
actually manufactured before that time, they are
exempt from taxation. And so should these ar-
ticles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend section thir-
teen by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That hereafter tile duty on distilled spirits shall
he twenty-five centd a gallon, ami tln-io s-hall be a draw-
back ol ten cents a gallon on all distilled spirits mixed with
turpentine or other material, and to he used as binning
fluid. The Coinnuwoner of Internal Revenue is authorized
to make Mich Mile* and lobulations n* will prevent fraud
and cany out the provisions of this, paragraph.
The amendment provides for an increase of tax
upon spirituous liquors used as a beverage of five
cents per gallon, and a drawback of ten cents per
gallon upon such as is used for burning fluid. It
is supposed that one change will equalize the
other, and that it will not a fleet the revenue de-
rived from the article.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am not in favor of diminish-
ing or increasing the tax. I think the apeculatois
have made enough alieady, and we had better
leave tin1 regular ope ran u s to go on with the busi-
ness for one yeai, at least, and know what they
are doing.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. [ move to add
the following new section, to come in after section
thirteen:
St:c —. Smd he it further cnacfcd. That ever v in< <>i po
tnted I) niU oi ulhci h.uik legally auihou/ed to i.--ue n<>te-
a- ■ ireuhinon, wln.-h .'Hall nei'Ieet or omit to make divr
deniN or add.! ieii to n-- Miiphi-* or eniitiiuen! f und - amotion
a-j once in m\ iniiiiili-. ■shall, in hru theieol, make ictunr*
under oaih to tin* Coimnij>Monei of Inainal Keventie, on
the Ut da>sul la mini y and Ju!\ in eaeh year, oi uithhi
thirty d,iy> llieieatter ot ihe aniourt of piofiN which have
accrued oi been earned and leceived by s-ud bank (hiring
the six month-- next preceding said l->t dav-* of January
and July; and at the time ot making -such returns f>hail
pav to the t'ommi-^ioner of Internal Revenue a duty of
: ihier per eeiii. on Mich profit*., and shall he subject to the
1 pun won-, ol the eighty -eoond •><*<'tnui of the act to winch
i tin** is an addition: PioviJah That- the ictuin for the 1st
! ot Jauuaiy, ltV>J. shall be made within timty days alter
| the parage of thin act.
j I will briefly explain the amendment to the com-
i mi itec, to show what Us object is. There are banks
I owned by individuals or by families that neglect
j to make any dividends or to add anything to their
| surplus, thereby avoiding the present tax upon
! banks. The intention of this section is to reach
. the piofits of any such banks.
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 move to amend theamend-
j ment so as to make it include a tax of one per
■ cent, upon bank deposits.
; i oiler this amendment not to embarrass the
| proposition of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] but to test the sense ofthc House upon
the question of taxing deposits. There is no time
for discussion now, and I shall confine my rc-
liiaiks to a brief statement of facts.
In ail of the laws which have been passed by
Congresssmce the commencement of the rebellion,
and ill all of the bills now awaiting our action,
deposits of money, in its various forms, with
banks and hankers, have been eaiefuliy exempted
fmm taxation. It will be fair to say that the vast
sum, leaching at this time over six hundred mil-
lion dollai s, now on deposit, in the loyal States
of the Union, does not contribute one farthing of
difpet tax to the support of the Government. The
profits only of this vast sum are taxed in the in-
come of the deposstois. It was my opinion when
our revenue bill was framed, and it is my opinion
now, that the money of the country should^ be
made to bear its full share of the burdens conse-
quent upon the present war. Has this been done ?
Let us look at it. In the revenue law, as I have
already stated, the deposits of banks are not taxed,
neither is the circulation nor the capital stock
taxed; a license, even, is not required; three per
cent, upon the gross profits is the only tax im-
posed, and this is to be deducted from the income
of the stockholders.
Under the bank law to secure a national cur-
rency, which has just passed, a tax of two per
cent, is laid upon the entire circulation. And as
this circulation is restricted to.ninety per cent, of
the capital stock, if to the tax of two per cent,
there be added three per cent, on the gross profits
imposed in the revenue law on.all banking corpo-
rations, the burden will cei tainly be heavy enough.
A portion of thetJxof two percent, was intended
to meetthe expenses incurred by theGeneralGrov-
ernment in providing these banks with their notes
of circulation. They are also exempted from
State taxes, otherwise there would be, in my opin-
ion, no banking under the law. But in this, as
in the levenue law, there is no tax on deposits.
In the finance bill of this House, and under its
graduated scale, the existing banks of the coun-
try are protected by an exemption from all taxa-
tion upon their deposits, upon their capital stock,
and upon their circulation, except that which is
in excess of ninety per cent, in banks of $100,000
capital,and of eighty percent, in banks of $200,000
capital, &c. A tax of two per cent, per annum
is laid upon this excess only.
While this scheme possesses this merit, thatit
will help to retire the excessive issues of banks of
circulation and thus increase theirstrength, it yet
bears very unequally upon the country and city
banks. The former depend chiefly upon circula-
tion for their profits, the latter upon deposits and
commercial paper. The city banks would escape
all tax under this plan, except the revenue tax of
two per cent, on profits, and the country banks
may also escape by reducing their circulation to
the amount fixed in the graduated scale. Is it fair,
Mr. Chairman, to exempt the circulation of the
present existing banks after having imposed a tax
of two per cent, on the entire circulation of the
banks which you propose to establish under the
national bank law? Such a discrimination in fa-
vor of the present banks will, 1 fear, defeat the
purposes of the friends of that measure.
The Senate's amendmentof the House finance
bill proposes a tax of one half of one per cent,
semi-annually on the average circulation of all
banks. I do not propose to discuss the merits of
these different measures, but simply to state them,
and to show that under none of them are the de-
posits, which are the chief source of profit to
many of the banks, made to bear their just pro-
portion of tax. Under this plan, as under that of
the House, the city banks, of large capital, hav-
ing little circulation, would pay but little tax,
while the burden would fall heavily upon the coun-
try banks. Should this amendment be adopted
and become a h\w, it would make a discrimina-
tion in favor of e. istiug banks similar to that of
the House scheme as against banks established
under our law, unless as subsequentlegislation it
repeals all former laws in conflict with it.
Mr. Chairman, 1 must call the attention of the
House to another fact, which is this, that in all
of the laws heretofore enacted, and in all of the
bills now before either branch of Congress, a large
class of capitalists have been almost entirely over-
looked. Throughout the entire land, in small
towns and villages as well as in large cities, you
will find individuals and companies engaged in
the business of banking and brokerage. A large
share of the deposits of the country is in their
hands, and their profits, often en or mous, are made
chiefly from this source. They pay fifty dollars
for a license, a very insignificant sum when con-
trasted with the amount of their transactions. Be-
fore the war disturbed the business of the country
the brokers generally paid interest on deposits;
now they do not. Is there any reason why these
biokeis and ihe gteat banks of the cities should
not and could not pay the small tax of one fourth
of one per cent, on that which is a sourcc of great
profit to them? All other interests, every branch
of labor and industry has been called upon to
contribute to the common fund needed for the
common defense. All have responded promptly.
