186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. AMrich, Alley, Bingham, Blake, Buf-
finton, Ca-ey, Cb.imlx tlani, Clark, Colfax, <Ji imvIU, D.ms,
Edgei ton, Eliot, Ely, Samuel U Fe^etulea, Goodwin, llar-
ri-uii, Hickman. Iloop-t, flonon, Timet)ins. Juiuui?KelJev.
Francis VV. ICelloga, William Kfllojw, IGllinget. Lan-mc,
Lovejoy, Low, Mayimitf, Jur-tui S." Moirill, Olm, Pike,
Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander 11. Rice, John H. ltice. Ed-
waid H. Rollins, Sedgwick, thanks, Sherman, Sloan,
Spauldiug, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Van {lorn, Ver-
ree, Walker, Wall, Waslibume, Albert S. White, Wil&on,
and Wimlom—53.
NAYS—iYte*<rs.William Alien, Ancona, A«hloy, Baxter,
Bearnan, Biddle, Samuel S. Blair, Btimliam, Clements,
Cobb, Fiedeuck A. Conklmu, Ilos*coe Conklmg, Corning,
Cox, Craven-, D.iwes, Dueli, Dunlap, Daim,Tl)i>maj> A D.
Fessenden. Gooeh, tiuuiger, Gudei, Tlaight, Hale, Hall,
Hardin?, Ilolinau, John^m, K< insan, Knapp. Law, La-
zear, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, MeKingln, Mci'lier-on,
Mallory, May, Menzie<, Mitchell, Moorhead, Motrin, No-
ble, Noel I, Nouon,Nuiien, Odd I, Patton. Pendleton, Perry,
Riddle, Robinson, J.une  S Rollins, Segar, Slictfiehl, Shel-
labaiijei, Shiel, Smith, John 13. Steele, Stile-, Stiattou,
Train, Trowtnidge, VaiUndidiam, Vibbaid, Wad?worth,
Clulton A. Wline, Wiekliffe, Woodruff, Worcester, Wright,
and Yeaman—74.
So the resolution was not postponed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Steele, of New Jer-
sey, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. LOW stated that his colleague, Mr. Sar-
gent, was absent on account of the death of his
father.
Mr. DAWES moved the previous question on
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on tiiestate ofthe Union.
Mr. DAWES. Let us first dispose of this ques-
tion.
The question was taken on the resolution re-
ported from the Committee of Elections, and it was
adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now renew my motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
The resolution just adopted is, in substance, a
resolution expelling a member from the House,
and requires a vote of two thuds to pass it.
The SPEAKER The Chair did not so under-
stand the resolution. It is a report from the Com-
mittee of Elections declaring that a gentleman is
not entitled to a seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. ft is a proposition substan-
tially to expel a member who is in his scat,light-
fully arid constitutionally. Unquestionably, it is
a resolution to expel him.
Mr. WICKL1KFE. The gentleman fiom Ten-
nessee is mistaken in that. The gentleman fiom
Iowa, Mr. Vandever, lias expelled himself and
vacated his position.
The SPEAKER. It is a simple question of
fact. The Chair did not understand the resolu-
tion to be one for the expulsion of a member. It
is the ordinary report of the Committee of Elec-
tions that a member is not entitled a seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. That he has not been en-
titled to a scat since a ceitain day, winch, we
know, covers the whole of the last session. The
question is, whether he, having been once in his
seat legally and constitutionally, shall now be
expelled.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this cannot be a
matter of expulsion. The member from Iowa
vacated his seat himself, and we assert the fact.
That is ail. We do notexpel him from the House.
We say he has expelled himself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has raised the point of order that the adoption
of the resolution, reported from the Committeeof
Elections, lequires a two thiids vote. The Chair
overrules the point of order on the facts of the
case; but the Chair is a hale in doubt whether it
is a point for him to decide. If the gentleman
from Tennessee insists upon it, the Chair would
hardly feel at liberty to decide the point, but would
submit it to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this is a matter which
I regard as of very great importance, and as the
Chair expresses itself as somewhat in doubt 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
about it; but it is a question of fact, and the
Chair is not authorized to decide questions of fact.
Thegentleman fiom Tennessee raises the point of
order that the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections is, in fact, an expulsion.
The Chair gives Us opinion on the facts, that this
is not such a case; but the Chair will submit it
to the House, if the gentleman insists upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD, This is a question of so
grave a character that I feel constrained to do
what I have never done since I have had a seat in
the House—take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no de-
cision. The Chair will submit the question to the
House.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit a remark
upon the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
can be heard by unanimous consent.
There was no objection,
Mr. WILSON. As suggested by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaiui,] Mr. Van-
dever, by the passage of this resolution, is de-
clared not to have been entitled to a seat as a
member of this House since he entered the mili-
tary service of the United States. He did, in fact,
qualify as a member of this House at the extra
session in July, 1861. He acted as a memberdur-
ing that session; and he acted as a member of the
House duuug a portion of the second session of
this Confess, and has been present at this ses-
sion discharging the duties of bis office.
Now, I submit that the question raised by the
gentleman from Tennessee is one of such import-
ance that it should be submitted to the House for
its decision. My colleague having qualified and
acted as a member of tins House, we can in no
way declare his seat vacant except by expulsion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question. Suppose a member of
this House, after he qualifies and acts, presents
a resignation, and a question arises whether that
resignation is valid and complete in law; and so
the question comes before the House whether the
seat is vacant or not; does the gentleman main-
tain that it would requnetwo thirds of the House
to determine that question, because the Constitu-
tion says that the House, by a vote of two thirds,
may ex pel a member? And does he doubt it would
be simply a question of fact or a question of law,
as the case may be, for the House to determine,
whether the resignation was or was not effectual;
or whether, as in this case, the act which the
member had done did or did not relinquish or
vacate his seat?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the question pro-
pounded,and willsayihattheaction ofthe House,
m a case of that kind, could be had without the
concurrence of two thirds of the members.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. So that if, in the
case I have put, there should come a successor
who hud been elected at an election proclaimed
upon this resignation, does the gentleman think
a majority of the House cannot admit that suc-
cessor?
Mr. WILSON. As a matter of course, that
would follow; because it is in the power of a mem-
ber to tender his resignation; and it is entirely a
dilferent question from that presented by the res-
olution of the committee. The resolution does,
in effect, declare that the seat is vacant; although
it seems merely to declare that my colleague has
not been entitled to a seat in this House since he
was mustered into the military service of the
United States as the colonel of the ninth regiment
of Iowa volunteer infantry, notwithstanding that
subsequent to his qualification as colonel, he has
acted as a member of this House; and 1 submit
that, without any voluntary act upon his part, we
have no right, by a majority vote, to declare Ins
seat vacant. He believes and insists that he lms
a right to occupy his seat in this body. This is
a very different "case from the one put by the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. DAWES. 1 supposed this, at most, was
only a question as to the effect of the resolution
we have passed. I supposed there was no doubt
but that the House could pass such a resolution
as this by a majority. They can assert that, in
their opinion, a man who accepts an office under
the Government of the United States vacates his
seat here. What is to be the effect of the resolu-
tion which we have passed willdepend altogether
upon whether Mr. Vandever undertakes here-
after to discharge the duties of a member* Until
that time we need notdiscuss that question At all.
We can pass a resolution that, in our opinion, Mr.
Vandever, by accepting this office, vacated hi*
seat. I say that the House can, without doubt,
pass, by a majority vote, a resolution declaring
their construction of the law—in other words their
opinion of this matter. But if the gentleman ih
reference to whom this resolution is passed, ques-
tions the effect of that resolution upon him as an
individual member, then the question mooted here
will be raised. As was suggested by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Coneling-,]
ail the books treat a man who accepts an offiee
incompatible with the duties of the office he pre-
viously held, as resigning his former office*, that
the court of Queen's Bench so define it, that the
cou i ts of the several States have so defined it, and
that the courts of the United States have so de-
fined it. They say he shall be treated as having
resigned his former office. Now, cannot we say
whether Mr. Vandever has resigned or not, and
pass upon the sufficiency of his resignation?
Now,there is a precedent of this kind: two men
each had the same number of votes for the same
office—this House; they contested for the seat,
and each one of them claimed that the other had
received illegal votes. In the progress of the ex-
amination, one of them resigned in favor of the
other, and the matter came before the House. It
was decided that the House couid pass upon the
sufficiency of the resignation, just as they pass,
by this resolution, upon the sufficiency of Mr.
Vandever's resignation. I think there is no doubt
but that the House can pass this resolution by a
majority. If Mr. Vandever shall still claim a
seat, when that case arises, a two third vote can
exclude him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a statement to the House, in order that we may
understand the order of business in reference to
this question. A vote was taken by the House
upon the resolution, butonly one side was counted,
the Chair declaring that the resolution waspassed
if a further count was not required. No further
count was required. There has, therefore, been
no division of the House. The gentleman from
Tennessee now raises the point that the resolution
could not be agreed to unless two thirds voted for
it. Then, m order to have the Chair pass upon
the question, the Chair must count the other side
ot the House to ascertain whether the question of
the gentleman from Tennessee can be raised.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a few words
in reply to the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, [Mr. Dawes.] This resolution was
evidently intended and designed by the committee
that reported it, or by the chairman who intro-
duced it, to operate as an exclusion of Mr. Van-
dever from his seat. Mr. Vandever claims to be
a member of this House. That he was properly
and constitutionally elected, there is no question;
and that he occupied a seat on this floor during the
first session of this Congress is equally clean But
if is alleged that he has been guilty of a dereliction
of duty as a member of this House between the
first and second sessions. We, by this resolution,
find the fact, and declare the consequences—that
is, an expulsion from the House, or a vacation of
his seat. We cannot put any other construction
upon it. It is not the mere enunciation of a gen-
eral principle, a mere Turkish fetvah, a general
statement of a proposition which is to be thrown
out and applied to any such a state of facts as may
arise, to operate not only upon Mr. Vandever, but
upon every member of this House who, during
his term in Congress, has gone into the military
service; for instance, to one member from Rhode
Island, one from Maryland, one from Missouri,
one from New Hampshire, and one or two from
New York.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gentle-
man how he can construe the act of Mr. Vande-
ver into an act of misconduct—an act which merely
declares his choice ? It is competent for him to
elect whether he will longer serve in this House
or serve in the field. He makes that election. He
declares himself that he prefers to vacate his seat
here, and accept a position which is incompatible
with this. That is not any dereliction of duty. It
is only an election upon his part. It is a resig-
nation.
