406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that if the
conclusion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
the chairman of the Qommittee of Elections, be
correct, Mr. Yandever is guilty of a very high
dereliction of duty. What is it? The gentleman
tells us that Mr. Yandever has assumed a position
which is inconsistent with a seat in this House;
a situation which excludes him, according to the
Constitution, from a seat here. And yet he came
here and claimed to be a member of this House;
claimed to have the emoluments of a member of
this House, and claimed to represent his constit-
uents here. I cannot conceive a higher derelic-
tion than that. It is because he claimed to be a
member of Congress, and claimed'a seat here as
a member of this body, that we interpose and
turn him out.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow me,
it is not because he now claims a seat in the House.
It. is not that for which we pass the resolution.
We pass a resolution saying that he resigned his
seat by such an operation as this; that he vacated-
it. I have already cited the precedent of Colonel
Baker, who actually, m-form, in so many words,
resigned his seat here in open House, and yet the
House treated that as no resignation,saying that
he had resigned before.
Mr. MAYNARD. If Mr. Yandever has re-
signed ins seat in the House, then there was no
necessity of introducing this resolution, and pass-
ing this vote. Either he has resigned or he has
not resigned. If he has resigned, why, then, ho
is no-longer a member of the House. If he has
not resigned, then you are going to turn him out.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Tennessee, to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections whether the
effect of this resolution is to vacate the seat of
Mr. Vandever; to declare, as the sense of the
House, that that seat is vacant?
Mr. DAWES. I hold that the effect of the res-
olution is simply a declaration on the pare of the
House that Mr. Vandever, by doing (ins tiling,
has himself vacated the seat. If Mr. Vandever
disagrees with us, ho raises another question. If
he undertakes to assort his right to a seat here,
we may treat it as such misconduct as requires of
us an expression of opinion here.
Hut we have expressed our opinion as a body
that he has resigned or vacated his seat. 1 do
not understand my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] as questioning the conclusion of the
committee as a matter of law at ail. I have nut
heard a word from him, or from my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] intimating that, as a matter
of law, itis not a sound conclusion. I hear from
them what I felt myself, that this is a very hard
case; that while men are defending us m the field,
and exposing their lives, we here are declaring
that by so doing they vacate their seats. Tins is
a very hard case. 1 admit that. But I do want
this House to look to their rights in tins time, to
look at the precedent they are setting, and to con-
sider it carefully, without reference to any par-
ticular individual. Just be the blind Goddess of
Justice forasingle moment, if it be in your power,
and puss upon a principle—a principle more im-
portant than any you have passed upon in this
House at this session, because if strikes at the
very root of our own independence. Do not let
us say that because this is a worthy man, and
because this very act of his springs from the most
patriotic of motives, we will therefore hesitate in
defending our rights under the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to allow me a few moments.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. WILSON. I w ish to say n. word or two
in relation to the remark made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that he had
heard no expression of disagreement in the con-
clusion of the Committee of Elections as to the
law of the case. Now, sir, there was no discus-
sion of this resolution, except by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, the previous question having
been demanded by him; and I beg leave to say
that I do differ from the committee in their con-
clusion. I hold this to be the true construction
of the Constitution in this case, that wherein it
says that no person holding any office under the
United States shall be a member of either House
of Congress during his continuance in office, it
also embraces the converse proposition that no
person who is a member of either House of Con-
gress can hold any other office in the United States
during his continuance in Congress.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Civil office.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I am referring to and
construing the very section of the Constitution on
which the committee based their resolution. Now,
I assert that the acceptance of an office is the hold-
ing of an office; and this brings me to the conclu-
sion that my colleague is, by every fair construc-
tion of the Constitution, a member of this House,
and not a colonel in the service of the United
States.
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Iowa to give way so as to enable me to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of^he Union. I yielded only upon the supposi-
tion thatthis matter was to bedisposed of at once.
Mr. WILSON. Let me finish what I have to
say upon this one point.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. A single objection would pre-
vail to prevent the gentleman from Iowa from pro-
ceeding.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope he will let us go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COX. What is the question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The debate has been pro-
ceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. What, all round the House?
The SPEAKER. Yes, all round the House.
Mr, MAYNARD. The Chair has decided that
I am entitled to the floor. I am appealed to by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in a very pathetic tone, to give way to let
him move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. 1 wish to ask the Chair
whether, when we come back into the House, I
shall still be entitled to my place on the door? I
wish to say a word or two upon this question,
winch I regard as one of considerable impoi tanee.
The SPEAKER. The question is only debat-
able by unanimous consent. The gentleman is
entitled to the floor by consent at this time.
Mr.WASHBURNE. lobjecttofurtherdebate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
objection of thegentleman from Illinois to apply,
but not to the gentleman now upon the floor, be-
cause he had consent, and had been speaking for
five or ten minutes before the'objection was made.
It applies, however, to any other gentleman. The
Chair thinks, he will say m icply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that the first thing would
be for him to complete the count rendered neces-
sary by the point of order of thegentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. STEVENS. J hope the gentleman will
let us go into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will detain the House but
a moment. I certainly regard this question as one
of a good deal of importance in the constitutional
organization of this House. If, by declaiingaman
to have constructively resigned or abdicated, you
can vacate hh seat, I know of no reason why we
cannot, make a similar declaration in regard to any
other action as well as the acceptance of a mili-
tary command; and if that is so, you open a door
by which a bare majority can at any time clear
the House of Us opponents, on one pretext or an-
other. Because there never yet was a time in the
history of this Government when a majoi lty could
not find somebody ingenious enough to devise a
pretext for doing anything they wanted to do.
I beg to call the attention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to this fact. Pie says that this
member's seat here is vacant. Js Mr. Vandever
a member of this House at this time or not? That
question is to be determined, I suppose, by the
rolls of the House. I ask the gentleman whether,
as a matter of fact, Mr. Vandever's name has not
been called here to-day as a member? I ask him
whether, every time we take the yeas and nays,
the name of William Vandever is not called ? It
seems to me the merest quibbling and stickling in
the world to say that he is not in fact a member
of the House. The gentleman may say that he
ought not to be; that he has disqualified himself.
But that is assuming the very question; that is
the very point that we are now upon. Mr. Van-
dever is in fact a member of the House now; and
if he were here his name would be called, and he
could vote upon any question that might be before
the £Jouse save, perhaps, upon this question,
from doing which he would be precluded by an-
other rule. I suppose the gentleman willnotcon-
trovert the fact that he is a member of the House,
and the effect of this resolution is to declare that
he shall be no longer a member, and to strike his
name from the roll. There can be no other result.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to answer him ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
objects to further debate by other gentlemen.
Mr. MAYNARD. We are setting an example
here, establishing a precedent, and 1 appeal to the
gentleman to cast his eye forward as well as back-
ward. This may be an exceedingly pernicious
precedent. Colonel Vandever was legally elected
and properly qualified. He has taken his seat and
has been acting here. Whatever may be the legal
effect of his acceptance of the command of a regi-
ment of volunteeis, certainly we know that as a
matter of fact he did not resign his seat here, and
has not resigned it. We know that he still claims
his seat here, and that it has been brought as a
matter of imputation against him that he is draw-
ing his salary as a member of Congress, and also
the pay of a colonel in the Army, though that is
controverted by ins colleague.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to cite a case
in point to the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made to
fuither debate, but the gentleman from Tennes-
see has the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I only wanted to cite the
case of General McClcrnand, a member from Illi-
nois. It was declaied by General McClcrnand,
and by everybody else, that his acceptance of a
commission was, in fact, a resignation.
Mr. MAYNARD. General McClernand with-
drew from this House. Whether or not he re-
signed his seat, I do not undertake to say. He
withdrew, and insisted that his withdrawal was
a resignation, and the House acted in thatspint.
We have had a member here from Maryland,
[Mr. Webster,] who holds a commission m the
Army, occupying his seat last week, and voting
in the House. Another member from Rhode
island [Mr. Browne] is in the same position.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The member from Rhode
Island has not been in his seat since he accepted
a commission.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is very true; but I am
not aware that he legards himself as having va-
cated his seat as a member of this House. We
havea rnemberfrom New Hampshire [Mr. Mars-
to-v] in a similar position. I see now'present a
member from New York who has been serving
with great distinction in the Army. lie is now
acting with us, and claiming to be a member. Is
he to be expelled by a resolution of this charac-
ter, declaring, in general terms, that the accept-
ance of a colonel's commission is incompatible
with the holding of a seat here? I expect not. He
must be expelled in fact; and when that is to be
done, the resolution requires a two thirds vote.
There is no doubt of it. it is a matter of such
grave importance, affecting the organization of the
House and its constitutional construction, that I
deemed it better to raise the question of order.
Mr. THOMAS,of Massachusetts. Mr.Speak-
er 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent. As the gentleman
from Tennessee raised this point of order, it be-
comes necessary for the Chair to count the vote
on the resolution. The Chair will therefore take
the vote again.
The House divided; and the Chair stated the
vote to be—ayes 65, noes 37.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee raises the point of order that this is a res-
olution of expulsion of a member, and therefore
requires a two thirds vote for its adoption. The
Chair thinks it is his duty to decide the effect of
the vote. The Chair overrules the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee,and the
gentleman takes an appeal from that decision.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the appeal on the
table; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
