THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Concress, 3j> Session,
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1SG3.
New Series No. 85.
under the tax law. I hope my amendment will
be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that the
amendment totheamendment and that the amend-
ment itself will not prevail From evidence be-
fore the committee 1 am of the opinion that the
collectors of some districts will not receive much
if any compensation at all for their services. They
are themselves subjected to great expense; they
have to employ as clerks men of character, be-
cause they arc made responsible for every single
dollar of the tax which is raised. Not only do
they have to employ these clerks, but they have
to employ deputies. I do not think the salary
here provided for is any too large. It is only just
to these men that we should take into considera-
tion the expenses to which they are subjected,
and to make them at least a reasonable compensa-
tion for the services which they perform.
I move that the committee rise, for the purpose
of closing this debate.
Mr. CR1SFIELD. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion for the present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw the
motion for the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. I move to strikeout" four
hundred" and insert " three hundred."
Mr. Chairman, I have risen not for the purpose
of discussing the amendment 1 have offered, but
to say a word in reference to the compensation of
these collectors. I have no doubt much that has
been said has been properly said; but there area
class of collectors whose compensation, as the bill
now stands, wouid be insufficient. I refer to col-
lectors in districts like my own. The disincun
which I live is over one hundred and fifty miles
in length, and covers eight counties. The col-
lector has to employ deputies for the purpose of
performing the duties in portions of the district to
which he cannot give his personal superintend-
ence. He cannot visitevery remote portionof his
district. It is impossible for him to do it; and he
is therefore forced to do it by deputies. Now, m
oider that the provisions of the law nmybe exe-
cuted, he is compelled to pay away nearly all the
salary that he is entitled to. I would suggest that
a provision he introduced into the bill by which
these collectors may be paid a percentage. In my
distiictl should say that on all amounts under
$400,000 or $300,000 the collector should lecetve
one per cent, in addition to the compensation al-
lowed by the bill; and, on all sums over that, one
half per cent.; thai is the mode in which I think
their compensation ought to be regulated. In pop-
ulous communities, or in the commercial districts,
the bill, as it is now framed, would give these col-
lectors an enormous compensation; but in districts
like that in which I reside they would receive no
compensation at all. I will suggest, at the proper
time, an amendment to carry out the idea which
I have just stated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise, in order that debate may be closed
on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose,and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, arid particularly the
tax bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the unanimous consent of
the tlouse for leave to print some remarks.
Leave wasgranted. [Mr. Wood's remarks will
be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that all
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the pending section of the tax bill
shall be closed in one second after its considera-
tion shall be again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FUO.M THE SENATE.
A message was received from theSenate, by Mr.
Forney, us Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed House resolution No. 169,
for the relief of Kate R. Gaither, and others; and
85
also that they had passed a resolution suspending
the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules for the
residue of the session; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. 1V$QRR1LL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
tax bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
on the pending section in one second.
The question was taken on Mr. Crisfield's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr.CRISFIKLD. 1 move the followingamend-
ment:
After the word " collected," in the fifth line, Insert the
following:
Que percent, on all sums received up to $300,000,arid
one halt of one per cent, on all sums ovei that amount.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment, and it was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 77.
The question then recurred on Mr. Edwards's
amendment, and it was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 35, noes 60.
Mr. CR1SFIELD moved to strike out in the
fifth line the words, " the sum of 0400,000 in any
one year."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
section:
And prowled further, That when the sum collected ni
any one collection district shall not exceed $75,000 per
annum, a commission of five per cent, shall be allowed to
collectors for thou sei vices and that of tlieir deputies
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the following
proviso:
Piovidcd, That the salary of no collector shall excecd
$10,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strikeout the whole
section, for the proviso just adopted nullifies it in
every icspect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
withdraw his motion. The better way would be
to vote down the amendment when we get into
the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion for
the present, and 1 shall able the House either to
reject the proviso or vote down the section.
Mr MORRILL,ofVermont. ! movetoamend
the eighteenth section by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
AUo to appoint not exceeding three assistants whose
duty it shall be to aid in the pievention, detection, and pun-
ishment of fraud upon the revenue, who 'shall be paid&uch
compensation as the Secretary oi the Treasury may doom
justami reasonable, not exceeding $2,500 per annum. The
above ^alanes to he paid in thiamine manner as the other
expenses of collecting the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING-. I movetoamend
the eighteenth section by striking out the last
word. There seems to be a great inconsistency
between the seventeenth and eighteenth sections.
Section seventeen provides for the appointment
of a Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenue
—prescribing no qualifications—who shall receive
an annual salary of $3,000. The next section
provides for the appointment of a man, learned
m the Jaw, who shall act as Assistant Solicitor of
the Treasury Department, with a salary of only
$2,500 per annum. I do not think a man should
be charged $500 for being learned in the law. It
seems rather a violation of ordinary rules to pay
a man $500 because no qualifications are required
) of him.
Mr. STEVENS. I think if the poor feilow^is
a fool he ought to have $500. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSfcOE CONKLING. Very well; if
you put it upon that ground it may be all right,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The first section
to which the gentleman refers relates to the ap-
pointment of a Deputy Commissioner. Of course
it must be seen that it will be left to the discre-
tion of the Presidentas to who shall be appointed.
Under the English Government the practice is to
appoint almost always a man who is capable of
carrying on the duties of the office as deputy to
assist the commissioner; and here it will be indis-
pensably necessary that such a person should bo
appointed, in order that he may discharge the
duties of the office in the absence of the Commis-
sioner of Interna) Revenue. It is not to be sup-
posed that he will be less learned in the law than
the Solicitor provided for in the eighteenth section.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquire
if the gentleman's remark is not just as applicable
to the Assistant Solicitor of the Treasury as it is
to the Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and whether the same argument would not show
that he should be paid in proportion?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. In relation to the
Deputy Commissioner, his duties are to be such as
may be preset ibed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. But I do not consider it. necessary to take
up time in discussing this matter. If the gentle-
man from New Yoik desires it, he can move to
increase the salary of the Assistant Solicitor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING, by unanimous
consent, withdrew the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOW. I move a pro/wmaamendrnent to
the nineteenth section, providing for the appoint-
ment of a cashier of internal duties. Under the
present law you make the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue responsible forthe revenue which
comes into his office. Now, by this nineteenth
section you take away that responsibility and
appoint a cashier, over whom the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue has no control beyond assign-
ing hi?* duties. Now, suppose there should bea
loss, who is to be responsible for it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Under the pres-
ent regulation the cashier has the entire control
and custody of all the money which comes into
the office. He is the only person to whom is in-
trusted the large amount of revenue that daily
accrues; and it is important that we provide by
law that a bond shall be given by that person.
Mr. LOW. I withdraw the amendment, and
move to strike out in lines one and two of sec-
tion nineteen, the words u that the President of
the United States," and insert in lieu thereof the
words " that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue;" and in line three to strike out the words
44 by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate;" so as to provide that the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall appoint the cashier.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. 1 propose to amend
by striking out section nineteen. I wish to say
in support of my amendment that the manner in
which the bill proposes to create new offices and
to increase the salaries of those already created, it
will well nigh absorb in salaues all that will be
realized in the way of revenue by the provisions
of the bill. The bill, besides providing for an in-
crease of the salaries of collectors, assessors, and
othex officers, only limiting that of the collectors
to the sum of $10,000, provides for a "Deputy
Commissioner of Internal Revenue/' with a sal-
ary of$3,000; an Assistant Soliciter, with a salary
of $2,500; and lastly, in the section which 1 have
moved to strike out, a cashier with the same sal-
ary. This increase of officers should not be had
unless the most absolute necessity exists for it.
I would like to hear from some of the gentlemen
who have the bill in charge the reasons for this
pioposed increase of revenue officers.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. At the present time the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue has no person desig-
