1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40?
tho Committee of the Whole on the state of the :
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. There is one point of order
already pending. The question will be first on the
motion submitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Before that question is put,
1 move that the debate on the finance bill close in
one hour after its consideration shall have been
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is it in order for tlie gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, or any other member,
to make a motion when the House is dividing on
a question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the House was dividing. The Chair
had decided the point, and an appeal was taken
from the decision of the Chair. That appeal is
pending.
Mr. DAWES. How can a motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union take precedence of the point of order?
The SPEAKER. Under the rulesof the House,
a motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union can be made at any time,
and suspends points of order, questions of priv-
ilege, and everything else, except where the main
question has beenoidercd.
Mr, COX. We can dispose of this matter,
perhaps, without the yeas and nays, in a few mo-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on my motion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the motion by extending the debate to two
hours.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts wish to speak?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was rejected.
The question was taken on the motion to close
debate in one hour; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and it was agreed to.
WAYS AND MEANS.
So the rules were suspended; and the Hoilse re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in the chair,)
and resumed tho consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 659) to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government, to which an amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute, proposed by
Mr. Stevens, was pending, the question imme-
diately before the committee being on the motion
of Mr. Hooper to amend the substitute of Mr.
Stevens, on which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Walker, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WALKER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to give notice of an
amendment which I intend to offer as an additional
section to the bill offered as a substitute by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
It is that all banks, associations, corporations,
and individuals issuing notes or bills for circula-
tion as cuirency, shall be subject to and pay a duty
of two per cent, semi-annually, from and after
April 1, 1863. on such circulation of notes or bills
as currency.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will send
up his amendment.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, when this
committee rose yesterday, I was maintaining that
in all cases wheie the currency consists mainly of
credit, it always becomes the more scarce and
bears the highest rates of interest when there is
more than the requisite amount of circulation.
Undoubtedly that seems to many a great paradox,
and couttary to what they suppose to be the laws
of currency. But, sir, when is anything really
scarce in the commercial sense of the word 5 The
question is not in reference to the absolute quan-
tity; but the question is, what is the demand in
relation to the supply? By that we determine
whether a thing is scarce or not. For illustra-
tion: twelve months ago, when the Potomac was
needlessly blockaded, hay was selling at an enor-
mous price in this city, and yet there was then more
hay in Washington than there ever was before;
but there was such a vast number of horses in
the neighborhood that the supply of hay was not
in proportion to the demand.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have referred, since last
evening, to tables in my possession on the subject,
and I find the best proof of my position, namely,
that interest reaches the highestpoint when there
is the largest amount of money in circulation. In
1821 there was §120,000,000 in circulation and on
deposit, and the rate of interest was from five and
a half to seven per cent. 1 obtain these results
from the highest authority. There is no conjec-
ture about it. It is not anything clipped from the
newspapers. In 1834 the currency had been sud-
denly expanded ^50,000,000, and the rate of in-
terest was from eight to twenty-fourper cent. In
1837 it went up to §376,000,000, and then the rate
of interest wont up to thirty-two percent, dming
the year. In 1843, on the contrary, the currency
was but $114,000,000, and the rate of interest
went down from three and a half to six per cent.
In 1846 the currency went up again double, to
$202,000,000, and the rate of interest went up from
six to twelve per cent., or double.1 In 1857 the
currency went up to §445,000,000, and the rate of
interest from nine to thirty-six percent. In 1858
the currency had gone down to $>341,000,009, and
the rate of interest from three and a half to nine
per cent. In 1860 the cunency had gone up again
to $460,000,000, and the rate of interest went up
from six to thirty per cent. It appears to me that
these facts are perfect and conclusive.
There can be no doubt about the matter at all,
nor any dispute. And I may here state that I
have ascertained that the experience in England,
in this lespect, is precisely the same as ours.
Then I say to those gentlemen who are in favor
of increasing the currency m order to make money
cheap,that itwillnot have that result at all. And
let me say that this law of interest has not been
the result of particular or exceptional circum-
stances, but it is inheient in the very nature of
currency. The reason is obvious. When the
amount of c.mrcncy devoted to the business of the
country, heretofore limited to $400,000,000, is in-
creased to $500,000,000, no increase in the com-
modities of the country having taken place, but
the currency having largely increased, the price of
such commodities must necessarily rise, because
cunency is good for nothing else than to be used
as money.
But it has been said upon this floor—and I allude
to it now because U has been recently reported by
a very high authority—that the pi ice of breads* ufTs,
of wheat, corn, beetVand pork has not lisen. Very
well; we ha\e already replied to thatpoint, that the
price of these commodiuesis regulated by theprice
abroad. Whyabroad? Because a surplusisraised
in this country which we cannot useathome. We
cannot consume our surplus flour, beef, and pork;
we must depend upon the foreign market, and,
theiefore, the price in this country must corre-
spond with the price abroad.
Mr. RIDDLE. Let me ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the sale of our breadstuff's
has legularly taken place to a very considerable
extent; in other words,whether the foreign market
in this respect is not an exceptional market'
Mr. WALKER, i reply that it is not excep-
tional now. The time has been when it was veiy
capricious indeed. I have already aliuded to that
sliding scale under which it was impossible to sell
breadstuff's abroad except at fabulous prices. But
now it has come to be an established fact that the
United States can raise more and cheaper bread-
stulFs than any other nation; and it has been le-
ceived, I believe, as an accepted fact that hereafter
we are to supply the world with wheat, flour, and
bread^tuffsgeneially. Our foreign maiketm these
commodities is theiefore just as permanent and
reliable as that of New Yoik or any other city.
We ate told that horses have not risen m price.
, I do not know how that may be. I will however
i mention one or two facts that may, to some cx-
! tent, explain this circumstance, ifit be true. When
j I came to this city a year ago, 1 saw a good many
i fine horses coming to this city m very good con-
! dition. I asked who these horses were for, and
was told that they were lor the Government. In
a short time I saw a latge number of horses going
outofthe city, very poor in quality and miserable
m condition. I asked where they wen going, and
i was told that the Government had sold them for
from one to five dollars apicce, and that fhey were
going out into the country to be fattened" up to be
sold again to the Government. 1 suppose, in view
of this fact, that horses may be considered some-
what in the light of a circulating medium between
the city and the surrounding country. [Laughter.]
To be serious, however, upon this matter, al-
though the fact I have stated bears directly upon
the point, I say to the committee that there is
probably a less demand for horses in the country
tiian heretofore. Horses are not, like beef and
flour, among the stern necessities of iife^the de-
mand for which must always be substantially tho
same. I suppose that from the more straitened
circumstances of farmers and others, they do not
keep as many horses as formerly, and hencc they
hold a smaller relative value in the market than
beef and other commodities.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Walker,] in regard to his position, that it ia
the state of the foreign market that enables us to
buy as much wheat and pork and other leading
articles of commercc for a dollar of United States
Tieasury notes as we could before the war. He
says tliat is because the foreign market regulates
the price of wheat, &c. I submit to him that that
cannot explain this fact. He takes the posi-
tion that our United States Treasury note dollar
is, in fact,only worth, say fifty cents; that it has
declined so that it takes two dollars of our notes
to make one in gold, or one real dollar. Now,
if that is so, why do we not send our wheat to
England, and get one dollar in gold for it, instead
of taking fifty cents for it by taking one depreci-
ated greenback dollar? in other words, if our
paper has depreciated one half, and a dollar of it
is only fifty cents in fact, why is it that this^ one
dollar will still buy the same amount of intrinsic
value ?—for a bushel of wheat is a specific quan-
tity of intrinsic value. Does not this fact show
that, as we can still buy about as much of land
aiul wheat and beef, which have intrinsic value
as much as gold has, it is, in part, the speculative
demand for and use of gold in this country at this
excited time thatexplains the present price of gold
in our paper?
Mr. WALKER. I do not see that that alters
the case at all. It is still true that the price of
wheat m this country is regulated by tho market
abroad. Our standard of currency does not de-
termine the value of wheat abroad. I do not see
the power of the gentleman's objection.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman does
not comprehend my point. An American green-
back dollar buys a bushel of wheat in this coun-
try. A gold dollar buys a bushel of wheat in
Europe. The value of the bushel of wheat is the
same; and this fact, I say, goes far to prove the
soundness of the argument of the Secretary of
the Treasury, when he says that there has not
been that depreciation of greenbacks which their
nominal depreciation in the New York market
would indicate.
Mr. WALKER. I fail to draw that conclu-
sion from the premises.
Again, it is said that real estate has not mate-
rially risen in price. Why should it? Real estate
does not rise because wheat does not rise; and
wheat has not risen because the price is determ-
ined abroad. This accounts for the fact so far as
farming lands are concerned.
But why does not real estate rise in the cities?
Because the price of real estate always depends
upon rents, and rents have not risen. Business
in the cities, notwithstanding what has been said
here, does, to a certain extent, remain paralyzed,
j Men have not the courage or energy to engage in
business on the scale to which they have hereto-
foi e gone,
| But m addition to all this, real estate has an
! immobility about it that does not pertain to mer-
chandise. It is perfectly well known that it is
only at long intervals that real estate rises or falls
to any great extent.
Let me say a word upon another question,
which 1 think is very much misunderstood here,
and that is as to how much our currency has de-
pi eciated. I think I have heard something about
! fifty per cent, depreciation already. Why? Be-
ll cause gold has advanced fifty cents on the dollar.
!' Any gentleman, however, will see, by making the
ij calculation, that when gold is at a premium of
[| fifty per cent., currency is at a discount of thirty-
