1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
sum, it is not correct in regard to the young and
patriotic Commonwealth of Colorado as one of
them. My people have expressed no unwilling-
ness to bear their due proportion of the public bur-
dens, either as tax-payers or as patriot soldiers,
to maintain this Government. On the contrary,
I do know and say that my people have and will
stand by the Union of these States under all cir-
cumstances.
But in view of the principle of taxation without
representation being contrary to the idea upon
which our Government is based, and the Consti-
tution of the United States being extended to the
Territories, and they being under it in fact as
well as spirit, and from what the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue has vsaid in his report, that
the Treasury of the United States would derive
no advantage from taxing the Teiritories, i sub-
mit that my amendment should be adopted.
Anolher thing, Mr. Chairman. If you will
adopt this amendment, so far as my own Terri-
tory is concerned, I will not urge the passage of
the House bill No. 461, which was reported from
the Committee on Territories about the middle of
last session, and which is now m the Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the same things
that this amendment is sought to accomplish, that
is, some indispensable but small appropriations
for my Temtory. If you do notadoptthis amend-
ment, then I shall demand it as a right that you
take up and pass the bill which was reported from
the Committee on Territories. This is but jus-
tice. When older Territories have had their hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars given to them by
Congress during past years, I think my Terri-
tory and the other two new Territoiies are enti-
tled to some consideration. By this amendment.
I seek to obtain these needful approptiations with
as little trouble and expense to the Treasury as
possible; for however much any member of this
House may be my superior intellectually, I will
stand second to no man, either in or out of Con- j
gress, in a desire to s:uard the public Treasury,
and to stand by this Union under all circumstances.
I feel as much and care as much as any man for
the General Government. Nar have I any more
local feeling or selfishness than is proper for a
representati\e man to have under similar circum-
stances. And it ib with a care for the General
Government, as well as for the interests of my
constituents, that I urge this so persistently; and
I venture to say that in one of these items alone
which 1 ask for, the roads, the General Gov-
ernment in two years time would save in trans-
portation of military supplies to Fort Garland, and
in Indian goods to Utah, as much or more than
these entire appropriations amount to, to say noth-
ing of shortening the distance for the overland
mail some two hundred miles.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAILY. I move to amend by inserting
between the thirty-firstand thirty-second sections
the following new section:
Kec. —. Jind he it further enacted, That allthe taxes levied
in all the Tei mot ic* of the United States, cxcept the stamp ;
tax, under :md by vimu: of an act entitled "'An act to pro- i
vide internal levenno to support the Government and pay
the mtcn'5-t on the public debt," nppioved July 1,hp,
and the same aie heiebv, repealed : Pi ovided, The taxes al-
ready assessed on per.von.s and propeity in said Teuitories
be collected the same as though this amendment had not
beun adopted
According to the recommendation of thp Com-
missioner of Infernal Revenue, which was read
by the request of the gentleman who preceded me,
it is clear that the Government derives no benefit
from the taxes collected in the Territories, be-
cause the expense of collecting is equal to the
amount collected. Hence it is a burden upon the
people of the Territories, without being of any
benefit to the General Government. Thereforel
propose that we dispense with these offices of col-
lectors and assessors in the Territories and free
the people of all those burdens, except the stamp
duties. The stamp duty you can leave upon the
Territoiies without any responsibility upon any
one, and the Government will get oil the benefit
from it. But what is the necessity of taxing the
people to an enormous extentand paying it all to
officers w*Tk> ear it up ?
Mr. McKNIGHT, I would like to know
whether the assessots in the Territories have not
already been appointed, and whether they will
not draw their compensation,"even if you pass
this amendment?
Mr. DAILY. They will only draw their com-
pensation from the taxes already assessed, but the
amendment provides that as soon as they are col-
lected all taxes are abolished, and the offices are
abolished with them.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I think that will not be the
effect of the amendment; and if the gentleman de-
sires it to have that effect, he had better specify it
in the amendment.
Mr. DAILY. You do not need any officers to
collect the stamp tax. We buy stamps wherever
we can get them. If the gentleman thinks my
amendment does not accomplish what I desire, I
am willing to accept any amendment which will
make it plain. It is a hardship upon the Terri-
tories to pay the tax, bul we do not complain if
it is for the benefit of the General Government.
But the Commissioner says it does not benefit the
General Government. Why, then, oppress the
people? We are willing to pay the taxes already
assessed; but when that is done, we ask that the
people of the Teri itones may be relieved from all
further taxation in that direction.
I will modify my amendment by adding to it
the words, " and the offices severally of assessor
and collector, and assistant assessor and collect-
or of the Territories are hereby abolished from
and ftfter the collecting of the present assessment.5'
Mr. WATTS. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike
out the last word of the amendment. The people I
have the honor to represent are probably as se-
verely taxed as any other people within the limits
of the United Slates. Accordmgto official returns
which I have in my possession, they have paid
taxes to the Indians of New Mexico during the
last year to the amount of $340,000; that is to say,
according to the official returns, $340,000 worth of
property of the people of New Mexico has been
taken from them and appropriated during the last
year to the use of the Indians bordering on that
Territory. We have also paid a tax to the con-
federate troops which came into the Territory of
New Mexico and took possession of the capital,
and overrun three hundred and fifty miles of the
Territory. We paid a tax to them to the extent
of probably half a million dollars. But notwith-
standing all this I am here to say that, notwith-
standing we are poor and plundered, we do not
owe a dollar. My Territory is out of debt. And
I would further say that I do not present myself
here before this House of Representatives like a
crippled mendicant, asking alms; but at the same
time, if in the judgment of this body they think
it just and proper, under the circumstances of the
case, to relieve the Territories, burdened as they
have been temporarily, from the payment of this
tax, of course I should think it but right, and
should receive it very kindly.
I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Daily's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. ELY. 1 offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
be it further enacted, That the collectors of the sev-
eral districts he and are hereby authorized to appoint an at-
torney, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of In-
ternai Revenue, whose duty it shall he to prosecute for all
violation? of this act oi penalties incurred in said districts,
who shall receive the same lees and compensation for his
service** as is provided by law to be paid to United States
district attorneys for like service*.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would ask the
gentleman to accept this amendment: to add, after
the words " this act," the words " or the act of
which this is amendatory.5'
Mr. ELY. I accept that amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move also to
amend the amendment by insei ting after the words
"said districts," the woids "or defend suits
brought against him for his official acts."
Mr. ELY. . I accept that amendment also.
Mr. PIKE. The effect of the amendment seems
to be to appoint one hundred and eighty or two
hundred additional district attorneys.
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Provided, Tim? the said attorney shall not in any case
receive from the Treasury of the United States any money
foi his e-cntcesas  uch attorney.
I want to make a statement in regard to this
amendment. The amendment of my colleague
provides for the appointmentof some two hundred
additional district attorneys, who being at the right
hand of the collector, wtli have the power, in his
name, to bring suits whenever it may suit his
convenience for any purpose to do so; and 1 a Eft
unwilling, when there are two or three hundred
collectors in the United States, to give them the
power to gratify their friends who may be ap-
pointed at their selection as attorneys, in bringing
suits to recover penalties. Such suits carry costy
against the people for penalties incurred. " ,
Mr. MORRILL, o*f Maine. Suppose they do -
not carry costs.
Mr. YAN WYCK. Then they take the cases
at their own risk. I think it is time we stopped
this matter. There should be an end of creating
new offices and increasing the salaries of old ones;
already this House has, without justification,
raised the compensation of collectors and assess-
ors, upon the clamor of these officers, who can
resign if they desire not to hold the office. The
sub-collectors and assistant assessors, at small
salary, do most of the labor, while the principals
receive large and increasing compensation. I de-
sire to say that I see in this amendment the ap-
pointment of some two hundred additional district
attorneys, who are to bring suits for the collectors
whenever it suits their convenience to do so I
am unwilling to give this power to the collectors,
when we have already district attorneys who can
attend to all these matters. I hope my amend-
ment will prevail.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I desire to inquire of the
mover of this amendment if he is not aware of the
fact that it has been decided—I think by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, although I am
not certain of that, although I know that the State
courts have so decided—that the State courts have
no jurisdiction to enforce penalties under the reve-
nue laws of the United States. The State courts
have no power to inflict the penalties which you
may impose under the revenue laws of the Uni-
ted States. That principle is well settled. Why,
then, do you want these attorneys? These pen-
alties must be enforced in the judiciary depart-
ment of th'e United States, and you have district
attorneys there to perform these duties. I cannot
be mistaken in my recollection that this principle
has been settled.
The question was taken on Mr. Van Wyck's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to—ayes sixty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 want to move an
additional amendment to the amendment. I move
to insert after the word "attorney," the words
" in each county of his district." My object in
offering the amendment is, of course, explained by
the amendment itself. I desire that there shall
be a distribution of this labor throughout the dis-
tricts. 1 think, if they have to haveattorneys, they
will be more efficient if they do not have to travel
too much, and my amendment may also relieve
the House of any imputation that we are fixing
up something for ourselves.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would suggest, as an amend
ment, that there should be an attorney for each
township.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Oh, my amendment
is good enough.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise tooppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio; and I am op-
posed also to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ely.] I believe that this
business belongs to the distnetattomeys; and this
distribution of the appointment of this class of
officers is a principle that 1 cannot assent to. 1
do not believe that it i.s wise policy for Congress
to undertake to authorize the collectors, or any
subordinate officers, to appoint attorneys to rep-
resent the interests of the Government before the
tribunals of the country. I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from New York will be voted
down. 1 do not think it proper to interfere with
the policy of the Government in this regard; and
tlfis proposition ought to have no place in this bill,
and no countenance in this House.
The question was taken on Mr. Shellabar-
ger's amendment to the amendment, and it was
disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York as it now
stands the words, "except so far as the district
attorney would be entitled to fees had he prose-
cuted the suits."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How much would
that be?
Mr. STEVENS. It would be as much as dis-
trict attorneys are generally paid, so far as the fee
