1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bonds for less than par, I have become convinced
that it is a necessary power to lodge with that
officer; for this reason: if he has to negotiate a
large number of bonds, he will have to do it with
the banks or large capitalists. They are the dis-
tributers of the bonds, and unless they can make
a profit of one fourth or a half per cent, on them,
they will not buy them. Therefore it may be a
necessity with the Secretary that he shall sell these
bonds at a trifle less than par.
Mr. LOVEJOY withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out the
words from the word "bonds" to the word "par,"
and in lieu thereof to insert "on such terms as he
may deem most advisable." That will express
what was intended to be meant by the commit-
tee—that his own judgment shall control his own
conduct. As the bill now stands, those not well
disposed toward the Secretary may declare that
the disposition of the bonds by him is not such
as was prescribed. The law says now " on the
best terms that he may obtain;"' and yet it has
been said by some that he has not sold them on
the best terms. In order to avoid that difficulty,
I have moved the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is evident we
cannot get through with this bill to-night, and as
it is late 1 move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Pike
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 659, to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government,and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. WAvSHBUHNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House adopted the resolution
of the Committee of Elections, depriving Mr.Van-
dever of a seat in the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After consulta-
tion with the Speaker, the Chair decides that that
motion is not in order, the resolution not yet hav-
ing been disposed of.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROSCOE CONK-
LING, (at twenty minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 2i, 3863.
Prayer by Rev. D. V. McLean, D. D., of New
Jersey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the credentials of
Hon. James W. Wall, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. John
R. Thomson. The credentials weie lead, the
oath prescribed by law was administered to Mr.
Wall, and he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,])! esenfed the
credentials of Hon. Charlf.s Sum.veii, elected a
Senator by the Legislature of the State of Massa-
chusetts, for the term of six years, commencing
on the 4th day of March, A. I). 1863; which were
read and placed on the files.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNTC 4TTOXS.
The VICE PRESIDENT hud before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, fro re-
mitting a communication from the Ccmmissuonei
of Internal Revenue, concerning the organization
of his office, and the present condition of its busi-
ness; which was read, referred (o tin-Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be minted.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 10th of December, leG2, in-
formation in relation to the surveyor general's
office in Kansas, Nebiaska, end Dakota; which
was read, lefened to the Commi.tee on Public
Lands, and oidered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of im-
portersofsaltpeterand sulphur and manufacturers
of gunpowder, praying for a drawback on ex-
ported gunpowder equal to the duties imposed
upon imported saltpeter and sulphur; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of Jo-
seph Yeazie, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill now before Congress providing for a
uniform system of bankruptcy; whicfo was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citizens
of Ohio, remonstrating against any reduction of
the tax upon spitituous and mult liquors of any
kind. I beg leave to say that this petition is
signed by a large number of ladies as well as citi-
zens of Ohio. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was refencd the
bill (H. R. No. 519) to increaso the pay of Ed-
mund H. Brooke, chief cleik m the paymaster's
depaitment, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
117) giving the thanks of Congress to Major Gen-
eral William S. Rosecrans, and the officers and
men under his command, for then gallantry and
good con duct at t lie battle of Murfreesboro ',Terin~
essee, reported it without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the lull (S.
No. 413) providing for the extinction of Indian
titles m Kansas, and the removal of Indians from
said State, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. F ES^EiN DEN, ft om the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was refened the bill (II. R. No.
63.),) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year i nding the 30th of June, 1864,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Allans, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
424) to amend the act entitled " An act to estab-
lish and equalize the giade of line officers of the
United States Navy," approved July 1G, 1862,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Mihtin, to
whom was refencd the bill (H. R. No. 523) to
promote the efficiency of the corps of engineers
arid of the ordnance and quartermaster's depart-
ments, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
who were instructed by a l ('solution of the Senate
of the Ibth instant to inquire into the practicabil-
ity of improving the Wisconsin and Fox rivers,
! in the State of Wisconsin, submitted a communi-
: cation addressed to him as chairman of that com-
mittee, by Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Cram, of the
topogiaphical engineers, upon the subject of the
improvement of t hose rivers, and reported the fol-
io wing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agieed to:
Resolved That the view- upon the subject ofthe improve-
ment of the Wisconsin ami Fox river--, m the State of Wis-
consin. wnli the aeeompu!)} nig maps, Ik: punted.
ilESOU'TION RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ouh-rc'l. T'ku the ic-ohuioii •submitted b\ Mr. Wade,
on tli< HMi of .luii" l<w, f.e an ue'iea-r of compensation
ot the mewn«er- in tne office of I he S-erenuvo/ the Sen-
ate. he jeeoirnnitted to the (.'oniinittee to Audit aiulCouuol
tile Contingent r.x;>en^<.* oi tin* Senate.
,MI>'SAUK FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A mrt-ao'si. from the llo-jisjo of Representatives,
by ATi*. E'i iiKRiuc.l, Clei k, announced that the
Si-Aaker of the House had signed an enrolled biil
(il. Ii.No.359; lor the leliefof John H. Motley;
and it vas theieupon signed by die Vice Presi-
dent ' w
RILLH INCOME LAWS.
; The menage foi ther announced that the Presi-
I dent of the C ;m> d States had approved and signed,
1 on the ?th instant.
An ;y-t (H. R. No. 321) to indemnify certain
, ciusvns of the United States, residing in the State
of Delaware, for expenses incurred by them m
defense of the United States.
On the 13th instant, he approved and signed the
following bill and joint resolution:
| An act (FT. U. No. 608) prescribing the times
and places for Holding terms of the
for the district of lowb, Minnesota and-'l££$§ai;
and v
A joint resolution (K. R. No. 125) to grant ttfe
use of a portion of Judiciary square for a frfefc
library and reading room for soraters.
On the 16th instant, he approved atMsigned the
following act and joint resolutions:
xVn act (H. R. No. 587) to provide for the im-
prisonment of persons convicted of crime by tha
criminal court of the District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 126) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims" in th*
case of Thomps B. King;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 327) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Arthur Edwards and others;
A joint resolution (PI. R. No. 128) to Confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claimsin the
case of George Yates;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 129) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Joshua Eddy's heirs; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
ease of J. W. lvnaggs, administrator of Whit-
more lvnaggs.
And on "the 17th instant he approved and signed
a joint resolution (li. R. No. 133) to provide for
the immediate paymentof the AimyandNavy of
the United States.
CKXSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a res-
olution for pi inting the eighth census, to report
thesame.withoutamcndment, and recommend its
passage; also to ask for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of this resolu-
tion? The Chair hears none.
Mr. ANTHONY. As this resolution proposes
to make an importantchange in the mode of print-
ing the census, I will explain what it is; so that,
if it does not meet the assent of Senators present,
objections can be stated. The committee think it
is a great improvement. The census has form-
erly been printed in one very large unwieldy vol-
ume, difficult to hold and inconvenient to consult,
[t is also necessary todelay the printing of it until
the whole of the census is completed, and the con-
sequence is that we do not get the published tablet!
until much of the information has become stale,
and we ore almost ready for a new census. This
resolution proposes to print the different depart-
ments of the census ft om time to time as they are
: completed, in small quarto volumes, about the
size of the preliminary report, or as small as will
enable us to get in the full tables. One volume*
and perhaps two, will be printed and laid on our
tables at the opening of the next session. The
cost will be just about the same. The large vol*
umes arc bound in leather, and these small vol-
umes will be bound in cloth. The number the
committee have recommended is less than usual—
twenty-five thousand.
Mr, FESSENDEN. The cost of binding will
be much increased.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; the four small vol-
umes will be bound in cloth, while the large ones
have been bound m leather, and it will cost just
about the same. Upon the whole, the expense will
be a httie less, so the Superintendent estimates*,
but there is not much difference m expense. Per-
haps some Senatois would prefer to have alarger
number punted; and if so, they can state it. We
put the number at twenty-five thousand on ac-
count of the enormous cost of paper, thinking that
if a larger number should be required, perhaps it
would be better by and by to set up the type when
peper is cheaper.
The resolution was adopted.
COFRT OF CLATMP.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The morning business
seems to be throug'i, and I move that we now pro-
ceed with ih« hill which was under discussion
yesteidny—House bill No. 226,to amend "An act
to establish a court for the investigation of claims
against fhe United States,'* appioved February
24, Jb55. We were voting upon it, and foiled to
get a quorum on a motion to lay on the table.
There cannot be any discussion on the vote. It
is on a motion to lay on the table, and when the
vote was tak^n, it was found we had not a quo-
