414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
rum. I hope that bill will be taken up now and
finished. There will be no discussion, because
the vote is being taken on a motion to lay on the
table, and that will be decisive one way or the
other. If it is not laid on the table, I hope we
shall be allowed to vote on its passage.
Mr. HALE. I feel compelled to oppose thatmo-
tion. I have a bill of great public interest which
1 want to get before the Senate, and which has
been pending since the last session, and which I
think is essential to the public defenses; and that
is, the bill concerning letters of marque, prizes,
and prize goods. If the Senate do not take up
this bill, I shall move to take up the one 1 have
indicated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill alluded
to by the Senator from Illinois is now before the
Senate as the unfinished business of yesterday,
and the question is on laying the bill on the table.
Upon that question the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Doohttie, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Hauling, llailan. King. Lam; of' Indiana,
Moruil, Shciinan, YVilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wnght—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browninsr, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Poot,"lIanis, iiick«, Tlovvaid, Lane
of Kansas I\lcDou all, Pomeroy. Powell, Rice, Sumnei,
Ten Eyekj Trumbull, and Wall—20.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thoquestion now
is on the amendment of the Senator fioui Iowa, to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert a substitute repealing the law estab-
lishing the court.
Mr. GRIMES. The yeas and nays were or-
dered on that amendment, I believe.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HARDING (when his name was called)
said: I was not in whentheamendment was read,
but 1 understand the effect of it is to destroy the
bill; and therefoie I will vote in the affirmative.
The result was then announced—yeas 11, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Moscrc Chandler. Doolmlc. Fessend'-'n.fi-imes.
Hale. Harding, Uailciti, Kins, Sltfiman, YVjhnot, and
Wnght—11.
NAYS—Me^rs. Anthonv, Arnold. Hayaid, Browning,
Clark, Collamei, Cowan, DavK l)«\on, Foster, lluiu^'.
Hicks, Howard, Lane or'indiana, Meliougall, Mori ill. Pow-
ell, Iiice, Sumner, Ton E\ck, Tiumbnll, Wade, Wall,
Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—2.">.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. X move further to amend the
bill oil page 3, section five, line three, by adding,
after the word " year," the words, " and contin-
uing so long as may be necessary for tho prompt
disposition of the business of the" court." 1 move
the amendment for the reason that I have under-
stood that the court have got the idea somehow
that they were not to continue any longer in ses-
sion than Congress was in session; thaUhey were
a sort of attachment to Congiess. This section
provides that they shall commence then s< ssions
in October, and 1 want to further piovide that
they shall go along until they finish the business
of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. BROWNING. Before the bill is reported
to the Senate, I should like to have the sixth sec-
tion read, as it now stands amended, so that I can
determine whether any further amendment is
necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it will be read.
The Secretary read scction six, as follows:
Thru either paiiy may appeal to th<> Supreme Cent of
the L nited States lrom any final judgment or decree winch
inny heteafter bo leudeied in an\ ea--e bv said couit,
wherein the amount m eont:ovri-\ "exceeds tf.i.UiM, undei
such regulations a-, the said Snpierne Couit ma\ diii'ct:
Provided, That such appr.iUhall betaken within mnetv
days after the rendition of such judgment oi decree : ,f/(i
piovidcdfurther, That when the judgment oi den«'e will
affect a class of cases, or furnish a precedent ibr the fume
action of any Executive Department of Government in the
adjustment of such t!a-« of eas.-s, and sijchtncN t-iiall be
ceitififd to by the presiding justice ofth« Couu of Claims
the Supreme Couit shall entertain an appeal on behalf of
the United States, without regaid to the amount in con-
troversy.
Mr. BROWNING. I think it would be well
to amend that section by inserting one other class
of cases in which appeals might be taken. It
now reads—
That when the judgment or decree will affect a cla*.« of
cases, or furnish a precedent for the future action of any
Executive Department ofGovernnient in the adjustment of
such class of cases.
I think it would be better to insert there the
words, " or a constitutional question." I think
if any constitutional questions arise in these cases
there ought to be the liberty of appealing from
the decision. I move to insert after the word
44 cases," in the nineteenth line, the words ts or a
constitutional question."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it a constitutional
question would necessarily involve a certain class
of cases always.
Mr. BROWNING. It might; but they might
not so construe it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in the eleventh section of the bill, to strike
out the word "hitherto," in the sixth line, and !
to insert after the word " accrued," in the seventh ;
line, the words, " six years before the passage of ;
this act;" so that it will read: \
Provided, That claims which have accrued six years be- !
foie the passage ol tin- act shall not be baaed, &e.
I wish to put the claims that have already ac-
crued upon a proper footing. As this bill proposes
to throw open this court to all claimants, I think
the same statute of limitations ought to be applied
to existing- claims as would be applied between
private individuals.
Mr. TRUMBULL There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no fur-
ther amendments to be offered, the bill will be re-
ported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole will
be read.
IVi r. TRUMBULL. As there arc numerous
amendments, I would suggest that the vote be
tdki n on all of them together, unless Senators wish
to exe,< ju return) amendments for a separate vote.
Tin VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read all the amendments. On such amendments
as are not objected to, the question will be putin
gross. Is there any objection to that course ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr, DOOL1TTLE. I would like a separate
vote on one of the amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
made as in committee will all be read, and a sep-
arate vote will be taken upon such of th'em as are
objected to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments. The first amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was to strike out the second
section of the bill, in the following words:
That ftll petitions and bills pravmg oi pinvidtng for the
sntu-i.iciiou oi pi i vale claim-* against the Go vein men t shail,
unless othoi wt<e mdeied by ie>oiua.m of the iiou-e in
which tin; ^anieate piesent- d or intiodu^^d. be transmitted
by the Sectet.uy ot the Senate or theCleikot the House of
Representatives, with ail the accompanying documents, to
the court afoiesaid.
Mr. CLARK. I desire a separate vote on that
section, for I desire to amend it and retain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a vote on that
section now, and amend it.. I trust the section
will not be stricken out; that we will not concur
in the amendment made in committee, in order
that we may amend it as suggested by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. Before the question is put, I will
make a motion to amend the section by addin0*,
after the word " Government," in the third line,
tin* words, " founded upon any law of Congress,
or upon any regulation of an Executive Depart- ||
men't, or upon any contract, express or implied, ||
with th" Government of the United States;"so that ||
the section will read: jj
That ail petitions and hills proving or providing for jj
the satisfaction of private claims against the Government, i
founded upon nnv jaw of Congtc^, oj upon anj regulation '!
ol aii Executive Depai'ment, oi upon any contiact, exptess 'j
or imp! icd, with the Government of the United States, shall, j!
unless otherwise ordered by a resolution of the liou&c, &c. j;
The effect of the amendment will be this: that all ji
claims founded upon a law of Congress, all claims ;i
founded upon the regulation of a Department, and l!
all claims founded upon a contract, express or im-
plied, will be referred to the Court of Claims,
when they come heie, as a matter of law. It does
not enlarge the jurisdiction of the court, and does
not touch all that large class of cases which ad-
dress themselves to the equity of Congress, nor
any of those which refer to the damages done by
the war, or anything of that kind, but simply those
founded upon a law or regulation of a Department
or a contract, express or implied; and it will re-
lieve Congress of a great deal of difficulty.
Mr. FOSTER. Is not that the law now?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; that is not the law
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment
will be adopted. Its only effect is this: that the
claims will be referred to the court as a matter of
course without a vote of the Senate. Every claim
presented here that comes within the jurisdiction
of the court will go as a matter of course to the
Court of Claims. There is no objection, I pre-
sume, to the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to say one word fur-
ther. It is said by some Senator that there may
be an improper regulation of the Department; but
here is m this section a provision that either
House by a resolution may retain the thing here.
It docs not conclude it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
returns on striking out the section, as amended.
The amendment was not concurred it.
The nextamendment was to strike out the third
section, in the following words:
Sec. H. Jlnd he it faither enacted, That the said couit
shall have the jurisdiction of all claim* tor which the Gov-
ernment would be liable in law or equity if ii were suable
in courts of justice, except such claims as Congress mav
by joint lesohuton specially ueclaie shaii he disposal oi by
act of Confess or otheiwne, and shall also have concur-
rent junsdietion with the circuit and district eouit^ or the
United States of all suits or cases against the United States
for the title to real estate, or An muniments of title to the
same ; and in all such ca«es its judgment shall be final, sub-
ject to the right of appeal, as hereuiat'tei piovided. In eveiy
such case the claimant shall file his petition in said couit,
whethei the *ame be originally pi evented by him to iheeouit
or he lelened to it by either House of Congress, and the
same principles of adjudication shall be alike applied to
both elates of cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment striking out this sec-
tion. If there be no separate vote required, it wili
be considered asconcurredin,and the nextamend-
ment will be read.
Tiie next amendment was in section four, line
one, after the word " court," to insert the words
" in addition to the jurisdiction now conferred by
lav/;" so that it will read:
That the wild couit, in addition to the jurisdiction now
corileired by law, shall have jurisdiction, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no sep-
arate vote requested on this amendment, the next
will be read.
The next amendment was in scction five, line
thiee, after the word " year," to insert the words
44 and continuing so long as may be necessary for
the proper disposition of the business of the court;5'
so that the section will read:
_ That the said Court of Claims shall hold one annual ses-
sion. commencing on the lif-t Monday in October in each
yeat, and continuing «n long as may be necessary lor the
piopei di-po-ition ol the business of the court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no sep-
arate vote requested on this amendment, the next
one will be read.
The next amendment was in section three, line
three, alter the word " year," to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
And the rooms in the Capitol heretofore set apart for it
and it? officer by the Speaker ot the House of Representa-
tives are heieby appropuated for the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no separate vote
be requested on this amendment, the next will be
read.
The nextamendment was in section three,line
nine, to strike out the words " masters in chan-
cery," and insert " commissioners."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no separate vote
: be requested on this amendment, the next will bo
! read.
! The next amendment was in section three,
line eleven, to strike out the word "and" after
" judges," and after the word " solicitors" to in-
sert the words " and clerks;" so that the clause
will read:
It may appoint commissioners, and may generally exer-
cise such powers as are necessary to cariy out the poweis
heiem granted. The judges, solicitors, and clciks of said
