1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41:5
couit shall be admitted to the use of the Congressional
Library, &c.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. If no separate vote
is required on this amendment, the next one will
be read.
The next amendment was in section five, line
sixteen, after the word " and," to insert the word
"who;" and in line seventeen, after the word
"judges," to insert the words "and clerk;" so
that the clause will read:
The <?aid court may appoint a bailiff, wiio slia.ll hold his
office dimug lour years, unless sooner removed bv said
court lor cause, and who shall receive a saiaiy of .-51,000,
payable quarteily. The judges and cleiks ot said court
may administer "oaths, Sic.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no sep-
arate vote requested on that, the next amendment
will be read.
The next amendment was to strike out section
six, after the enacting clause, in the following
words:
That either party mav take nn appeal on all questions
of Jaw lo the Supreme Couit of the United ^ute  fiom .ill
decisions which may heteafter be rendeied by saul eoint,
wherein the amount in controversy exceeds $'3,000, such
appeals to be taken under such regulation^ a< the Supicme
Court may direct; but any claimant may appear and pros-
ecute his claim befoie said couit in proper person, or by his
agent, duly appointed in writing.
And to insert the following, in lieu thereof:
That either paity may appeal to the Supieme Couit of
the United states hom any final judgment or deciee which
may hereafter be rendered in any cat-e bysaid court winne-
in the amount in controversy exceed•> $3,000, mnhu Mieh
legulations as the said Supieme Court may diieet: Pro-
vided. That Fitch appeal ishall be taken w tthiu niiieiy days
after the rendition of such judgment oi deciee • ml pro-
vided fart/id. That when the judgment oi deciee will aticct
a class of cases, oi tuim-ii a pieeedentiui the fuuue action
of an> Executive Uepaitmcnl of Government in the adju-t-
ment of sueh class ol ca^es or a constitutional question, and
such fact'* shall becemficd to by lhe pie^dmgjnotice of the
Court ol Claims, the Supreme Couit shall enteitam an ap-
peal on behalf of tiie United States wiihont lcgairt to the
amount m conttovers-y.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no sep-
arate vote requested on this amendment, the next
one will be read.
The next amendment was in section seven, lines
two and three, to strike out the woid " hereafter;"
so that it will read:
That the solicitor, assistant solicitor, and deputy solicitor
of said court >hall be appointed by the Ptcrudent, See.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no sep-
arate vote requested on this amendment, the next
will be read.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line seven, after the word " court," to strike out
the following words:
To report tiie deci-toiw of the Couit of Claims; and to
attend on iho pait of the Cm ted States to ail othei ^un> and
cases in the Supieme Court to whieii they in a;, be icq nested
fiom time to time to attend by the Auoinej General of the
United States..
The VICE PRESIDENT. If thoie be no sep-
arate vote requested on tins amendment, the next
will be read.
The next amendment was in section eight, line
eighteen, afVr the word " aforesaid," to insert
the following:
Provided, That no interest shall be allowed on any claim
up to the time ot the rendition oj the liidgmentby said Couit
ol Claims, unle?> upon a contract c\pre My stipulating lor
the pajmeutoi iiiieie-t.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no sep-
arate vote requested on this amendment, the next
will be read.
The next amendmentwasto stukc outthcninth
section, on the 7th page of the bill, in the following
words:
That the Se^retaty of either of the Departments, and al=o
the Attorney General or the Postmaster General, betoie
whom any claim 1*5 properly pending, shall have power,
with the con.seutof the claimant, and hofuio be has decided
thereon,to ietei -md claim to tiie adjudication of >aid couit,
theptoceedmi^lhctcon. u hen so ttansiened.to be<roverned
by the same rules a^ aie applied toali oth< i eases, and sub-
ject to the sumo ught ol'appeal to the Supicme Com t; and m
case of final judgment m t.ivoi of such claimant, eiilter m
the said couit or in the Supreme Couit, the same shall be
satistied anil executed m the same manner as it Mich judg-
ment had been lendeicd bv the b'eeietaiy himselt, on the
presentation of a cop\ thcieof. cpitiried as heiembcfore pro-
vided ; and where such judgment is for <i money demand,
and there i> no specific appiopuatiou at the disposal of the
Depaifment out of whmh it can be paid.then the same shall
be paid as is provided for judgments in whereases.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That it shall be lawful for said court, at the instance of
the solicitor for the United State*, to make an older m any
ca*< pending m naul couit, directing that the claimant oi
claimants in such case, or any one or more of them, shall
appear, upon reasonable notice, before any commissioner
of said court, and be examined on oath or affirmation touch-
ing any or all mattets pcnatnmg to said claim. And the
examination of such claimant or claimants shall be reduced
to wilting b> the said cunmur- iojier, and be returned to and
filed m said court, and may, at th« discretion of the soli-
citor for the United States, be read and used as evidence on
the trial of said cause. And if any claimant or claimants,
after such order has been made, and due and reasonable
notice thereof has been given to hnn or them, shall fail to
appeal or shall refuse to te&tilv, or answer fully as to all
matteis within his knowledge matei nil to the issue, the said
court may, in its discretion, order that the said cause shall
not be b> ought forward loi trial until the said claimant or
claimants shall iiave fully complied with the ordei of said
eomt in the premises.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no separate vote
be requested on this amendment, the next will be(
read.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
three, after the word " Government," to insert the
words " not pending in said court on the 1st day
of December, A. D. 1862;" and at the end of line
six to insert, " or with the Indian tribes;" so that
the section will read:
Spo. 10. vlnd he it finthcr enacted, That the jurisdiction
of the >aid couit shall not extend to or include any claim
asiunst the Government not pending in said couit on the
J&tdayol December,A. I). 186-2, growing out of or depend-
ent on anv treaty stipulation emeied into with foreign na-
tions, or with the Indian tribes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no separate vote
be requested on this amendment, the next will be
read.
The next, amendment was in scction eleven,
lines six and seven, to strike out the woid " hith-
erto;" and after the word "accrued," in line
seven, to insert " six years befoie the passage of
this act;" so that the proviso will read:
Prowled. That claims which have aeoiucd six yeais be-
foie the passage ot this act bhall not he baited, &.c.
Mr. SHERMAN. After talking with the hon-
orable Senator fiom Delaware, [Mr. Bayakd,] I
propose to modify that amendment by adding at
the end of the proviso, in line nine, the following
words, which will accomplish more fully my pur-
pose :
And ail claims allowed by said court which aceiued six
\eais befoie the passage of tins act t-hali be submitted to
Congress, and shall not be paid unless specific uppiopria-
tions shall be made theiefoi by Congress.
So that the proviso will then read:
Piovidcd, That claims which have accrued shall not be
baried i( the petition be tiled iu the couit or tiansinittcd as
afoiesaid within tinee jeais ;i!t>'i the pas*a<rc of this act;
and ah cluuns allowed b> mhI muit, which accused mx
3 ears bet oi e the ptssnne of ttM-aer, shall be submitted to
"Confess, and sh.ili not be pa:d unle-^ specific appropiia-
tiuns shall be made thereioi ny ^ ongie.-.-.
Mr. BAYARD. If seems to me that the amend-
ment, as originally offered and adopted in com-
mittee by the Senate, and originally olfeied by the
Senator from Ohio, was an act of injustice, and I
suggested to him why I thought it would be so.
We are introducing m this Government an act of
limitations upon claimants against the Govern-
ment. I approve of that. 1 think there ought
to be acts of limitation—not, perhaps, the same
as between individuals—both for and against the
Government, especially in court. In passing such
a law, it will be the first time m the histoiy of
legislation if we exclude existing claims, no mat-
ter how old they oi c, by an immediate peremptory
law; and yet such would have been the e fie at of
the first amendment.
Mr. HALE. I beg to call the attention of the
Chair to the hour of the day.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Ohio now proposes an amendment requning all
claims of six years standing, which have received
the favorable action of the court, to come back to
Congiess for on appiopiiation. That, I under-
stand,is now the amendment. If I supposed that
would be any additional guard or wouid conduce
to justice, I should ceiffiuily be v/iiiin^to accede
to the amendment; but I can hordly believe that,
fiom my experience of legislation in inference to
private claims. The great reason for the estab-
lishment of a Court of Claims 
The VICE 1TLE1SI DENT. If the Senator will
paidon the Cnair a moment, the Chair was not
awaie that there was a special order assigned for
this hour. Such is the fact, and that will super-
sede the unfinished business of yesterday. The
special order is a joint resolution (No. 109) of the
Senate relating tu the Sioux Indians.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i think the rule of the
Senate lias always been understood differently
here. This bill was the unfinished .business of
yesterday, by a vote at one o'clock. < -  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
right; the pending question goes on. The Sena-*
tor from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to detain the
Senate long, sir. I remarked that if I supposed
the present amendment of the honorable Senator
in lieu of his former one wouid have the effect of
guarding against improper claims being made
against the Government, or being allowed, I cer-
tainly should vote for it; but it is not my expe-
rience that it affords any guard whatever. The
great object of establishing a Court of Claims, as
I have always viewed it, is that justice should
always be impersonal, founded upon general prin-
ciples, and not upon personal solicitations, or per-
sonal motives of compassion, or other loose mo-
tives of that sort. It was very evident, from the
former progress of our action on claims, that
where personal application could be made to the
judges who were to decide—which Congress
were—that illicit considerations would entet into
the motive, necessarily, of the passage of claims.
On the contrary, by the establishment of a court,
you give a tribunal in which the judge cannot be
approached, and in which the decisions must be
made upon general principles and impersonal to
particular parties in the suit. I 'think that guard
enough. I should be willing, and I think it would
be advisable, to insert in this bill a clause that the
Secretary of the Interior should return to Con-
gress, at each session, the amount of claims al-
lowed and paid out of the Treasury in the ante-
cedent year. If then you found that there wasa
state of things which was likely to overburden
the Treasury from an improper or loose allowance
of claims, you could repeal your law and alter
ihe jurisdiction. It would be a sufficient guard,
I think, to biing the matter before the notice of
Congress as to the amount which had been allowed
against the Government under the action of this
court, where you make its jurisdiction final, and
direct the sum to be paid on the judgment of the
court being rendered.
Under the present jurisdiction of the court, the
result has been, as to old claims or as to any claims
that were subjected to it, that the claimant must es-
tablish his claim there, and after he has established
it in the judgment of that court, he must hang
around Congress, perhaps for years, before he
can get action in both Houses on his claim. I
do not think that justice. 1 prefer that any claim
which you say shall not be barred by lapse of
time shall be established in the ordinary course,
the judgment to have the same effect as in other
cases. 1 should be willing to do this, and I was
in favor of that in committee; when you establish
an act of limitations, you always allow some time
within which claims which would otherwise fall
within it may be presented, I think one year
would be amply sufficient for that purpose; and
if the amendment of the honorable Senator does
not prevail, I shall move to amend the proviso by
striking out the word " three," and also the letter
u s," in the word u yeais," so as to make it " one
year;" thus requiring all existing claims more
than six years old to be presented within one year
after the passage of the law. I think that will be
quite guard enough to the Government, and a
better guard than that suggested by the honorable
Senator. Then I should be in favor of a provis-
ion requiring the amount of the claims allowed by
the court during the year to be returned by the
Secretary of the Interior—if you please, a descrip-
tive list of the persons and amounts—to Congress
at the commencement of cach session. I think
that will so enlighten Congress that they will be
able to see the woiking of the system. If they
find it works badly, it will be in their power by
legislation to remedy its defects. I am opposed
to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proviso, as it stood m
the original bill, was very unjust, for this reason:
! that a claim that accrued yesterday would be
barred within three years by the terms of the
original bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. By the proviso as origin-
ally drawn, claims that had accrued prior to the
passage of the act would be barred within three
years; that is, they must be presented in three
years by the terms of this proviso. That is the
plain meaning of it. The amendment 1 offered
