416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proposed to give to all claims that had accrued
within the last six years the same period of limita-
tion that was given to claims that will accrue here-
after; and the amendment 1 now offer proposes to
distinguish between old claims and new claims.
It is true, I do not propose to cut them off eutiiely
«nd forbid their hearing, but I propose that iu all
' fciaims that have existed more than six years be-
fore the passage of this law, the judgment shall
not be final, but shall be submitted to Congress
for their approval. It seems to me, when we re-
member the magnitude and number of the exist-
ing claims against the Government, we ought to
protect the Government from any hasty action or
from any inconsiderate action by the Court of
'Claims upon this old class of cases. Suiely we
ought to guard tile Treasury against judgments
rendered*on claims that have existed from the
foundation of the Government. Under the oper-
ations of this law, any claim that lias grown up
in the history of the Government since the for-
mation of the Constitution may be presented to
this court at any time within three years, and if
the judgment of the court should be in favor of
the elaim, the money is to be at once paid out of
the Treasury of the United States. When it is
remembered that all the evidence by which the
Government might repeal or defeat these claims is
probably destroyed or out of the way; that the
Government will be completely at the mercy of
these claimants; it seems to me we ought to tluow
some guards around the Treasury.
The guard 1 propose IS a very slight one. After
the Court of Claims have passed upon these old
claims, I propose that they shall be reported to
Congress. If Congress, on examining these old
claims, see proper to reject them, wetland good.
By the ordinary statute of limitations that exists
between private citizens, all these claims would be
barred. They could not be piesented as against
Ein individual. No claim of this character could
be enforced against me as a citizen if I chose to
set up the bar of the statute of limitations. "Why
should not the same rule apply to the. Govern-
ment.' If these claims have been dormant; if they
nre not presented within the time fixed by the
law; if fifty years have elapsed, during which the
evidence by which they might be defeated has
passed away, surely there ought to be some re-
straint against the presentation of such claims.
The restraint 1 offer is a slight one, but still I think
it will operate to some extent. It will show, at
any rate, the amount, number, and magnitude of
the old claims acted on by the Court of Claims,
and restrain the payment of them until Congress !j
act on them. It may be that members of Con- |
gross, familiar with the history of the Govern- >1
ment, may know of public facts which will defeat i j
some of these old claims—facts which may not K
be brought out before the Court of Claims. Willi- !l
out such a restraint the power may be a very ii
dangerous one. 1 hope theretbie that the amend- !.
ment will be adopted. jj
Mr. HALE. I beg gentlemen not to flatter !!
themselves with the idea th
January 21.
the bill, not that I have any great hopes of its be-
ing adopted, but { desire to propose it, because I
want that portion of my constituents who watch
my course here to know how I stand on this mat-
ter; and that amendment will be to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That iso money shall he with-
drawn trom the Treasury by vutne ol'aq^ judgment of the
Court ot Claims or of the Supremo (Joint of the United
Urates, ?o lon:r a* aiiy debt inclined in the prosecution of
the war foi th') suppression of the pieaeut rebellion shall
ioiiiain due ai.d unpaid.
For the payment of those debts the special
credit of the Government is pledged. While this
bill was under consideration yesterday 1 was
culled to gro to the door of the Senate. When I
got there 1 met five soldiers, members of the sec-
ond New Hampshire regiment, who had fought
in all the battles of the war in Virginia, from the
first Bull Run to the unfortunate fight on the
Rappahannock; and they told methatthey had not
seen a dollar of the Government money for more
than six months. They had heard—there was a
rumor—that Congress had aroused itself up to
this state of things; that Congress were at length
awakened to the situation of the starving soldiers
who have left pauper fhmilies be hind to come and
defend this capital, and maintain the integrity of
the Union, and vindicate the authority of the
Constitution and the laws; and they had heard
that a law on the subject had been passed. They
went to some paymaster in the Army whose duty
it was to pay them, and ho told them to come :
next week; and probably if they come next week ;
they may be told to come next month. Sir, I j
want it to be known to the country—I impugn 1
no man's motives, but I will vindicate myself—
that at this time, when our soldiers are unpaid, f
and the wives arid the children, the widows and j
the orphans, of those who have fought your bat- '
ties, owing to your delinquency are now filling '
the pauper houses of this country, there is an !
utter neglect to attend to their wants, because j
Congress is so busy in opening the doors ot the j
Tieasmy to the horde of speculators and con- j
! tractors and private claimants, who seem to have i
imbibed the idea that the Treasuiy is their pii- 1
vate property, and that there is nothing to do but i
to pay them. j
Sir, I shall propose the amendment that I have j
stated: and then I shall make a las? appeal—it \\ ill ■
be unavailing, I know—to the Senate. There !
seems to be some hallucination that has seized ■
upon the bushiest intellects; some film that has |
come ovei the cleaiest visions; some fatal delusion
that the country is to be saved by opening the
Trensiu y uoois to the hun«ry horde who arc
knocking fui admission I am opposed to this bill
in ali us features; but if it must puts, as pass it
mu-a, tor I see that the mtijonty have deteimintd
that tins hill shall be a law, I do ask and I do pray
that there may be some guard, s<uni> pretense of
guaul, jf not real, by which we may protect the
Treasury from what I flunk will be its fate
IVlr. Piesident, I iv ail yesterday a report from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, m which
at if the future expe-
rience of the Government shall show that this act , , ,  > —
requires an amendment or repeal, that result will m '-stnnat^ amount to be recened tn.m that
ever be produced. It is said that if a ship which H p0uru?l1-11 ^U.OUO.OOO.
has sailed for some time in salt water, and the
barnacles and other insects of (he sea have got j
hold ofJier, making her water-logged, and destroy-
ing her life, can get a chance of sailing in fresh
Water, it will kill the barnacles, and they will
come off. But, sir, there never will be any such
fresh water in which your Treasury can be ;
launched after the tribe of barnacles heve fastened i
themselves upon it, as ihey will, if you pass this j
bill. You must make your amendments now, or '
they^never will be made. If you mean to guard ■
this Treasury m the slightest degree, you must 1
guard it now; or else all experience, all history, 1
and all observation will show, and the history of 1
this comt better than anything else shows, that ■
the tendency is and will be to enlarge, and enlarge
and enlarge its jurisdiction constantly. These j
judges understand one old maxim of the law, j
which I will quote in English; and that is, that it j
is the province of a good judge to enlarge his !
jurisdiction. That is said to be a maxim thnt >
the history of the world demonstrates to be true. !
1 am in favor of this amendment of the Sena- >
tor from Ohio,and I hope it will be adopted; and j
While I am up I will take occasion to say that I >
have an amendment which I propose to offer to i
Pass this bill, and £ir>0,000,000 will not fill the
vacuum that will be created by the claims that
will he brought upon the Treasuiy. Let me tell
yon, sir, what these claims are to be. The law,
as it now stands, reads:
'* That a eon? t ^liitJJ lit.- e^tahJi-lied, to bo called the Court
of CJaim-, to consist of ihioe \y appointed bythe
rK'Mnent, by and wun the advice and eouM'nt of tlie^en-
uto, nnd to hold then uliioc  dm uijr jiood !u ha\ ioi "—
That does not mean a greot deal. I know what
it means—
"And the s.ud point -iuH hen am] determine nil claims
founded upon a:t\ ot Congte-^. nr upon any regulation
ol an _rj\ecMif iv.Department, oi upon anv eonti act, expfhs
o> iiuplie(i} with the Government.''
"Upon any conti act, express or implied." That
covu's every tiv-'nnss.
Mr. I'RU.'M BCLL. Oh, no.
Mr. HALE. Weil, listen a moment. Our
armies have ovenun, more or ie^, every one of
these so-called confederate States. They have
gone mto Virginia. 1 hey have, on General Lee's
estate, cut down hundred's of acrei of oak. Will
that come under this law? Suppose that claim
does not come here in the name of General Lee,
but ltke the Texas ease we had up the other day)
is assigned to mmc loyal person, and that loval
person, with an assignment from General Lee,
comes here and prefers a claim for two hundred
acres of oak timber cut down and used by our
troops, will that come under this law? Senators
say that is a trespass. But, sir, no man can avail
himself of his own wrong. If the assignee of
| Geneiai Lee concludes to consider that as a sale
j of timber, does it lie in our hands to say, " we
; did not buy it; we stole it?" If he chooses to
I consider that a sale of timber to the Government,
I that claim, under the express provisions of this
! law, comes under the cognizance of this Court of
j Claims. I tell you, Mr. President, the abyss over
I which we hang is frightful, and we ought not to
delude ourselves with the idea that when it reveals
itself in its true character, and we find it such, we
can repeal the law. I tell you we cannot repeal
the law. Every law that opens into the Treasury
is like the law of the Medes and Persians, never
to lie lepealed, never to be restricted, but con-
stantly enlarged.
While I am on the floor, as I do not mean to
get up again on this bill, iet me say a word more.
1 appeal to the learned Senators around, and I ask
any one of them if, within the State which he has
the honor to represent, his Legislature has ever
folded its arms and given up the control of their
treasury to any court under heaven ? Not one, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will answer the gentleman
from New Hampshire, so far as my own State is
concerned. By our constitution, the Legislature
of the State of Michigan is pi ohibited from taking
cognizance of any private claim against the State;
and the whole business ofadjudicatingsuch claims
is placed in the hands of what is called the board
ol State auditors,who are a quasi court, and whose
judgments are final against the State in every in-
stance by the constitution itself.
Mr. I1ALE. Very well, sir; I am answered, so
far as one State is concerned. I was not aware
of it. Michigan is an enlightened State, and she
shows her wisdom in sending enlightened men
to lepresent her here; and, so far as that goes,
as a precedent it has its weight; but I believe 
Mr. COWAN. The Constitution of the United
States provides that the judiciary shall have cog-
nizance of all cases in winch the United States is
a party.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, if it docs, the Consti-
tution of the United States has been amended so
as to exclude the very conclusion that the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania would draw; and that is, pro-
viding that it shall not be sued.
Air. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire, I think, misstates the effect of the
amendment of the Constitution. That amendment
is simply that States shall not be sued in the Uni-
ted States courts; that the Federal courts shall not
have jurisdiction in suits against the States. That
is all that the amendment is.
Mr. H \LE. Exactly; but can any suit be
brought against the United States : I will ask
the Senator !mra Michigan that qrstion: if a suit
can be brought against the State of Michigan by
aiiv of its citizr ns?
Mr HOWARD. No suit, strictly speaking,
can be brought: but the claim is presented to this
quasi^ court which I liave mentioned, who have
cognizance of the claim, and they may proceed
upon it to final judgment; and the money upon
thi judgment is drawn out from the treasury on
fbe audiior's warrant.
Mr. HALE. Exactly; and we have just such
a hoard, consisting1 of Auditors and officers 111 the
Treasury Department, now.
But, sir, we have a little experience in this very
matter. After the Mexican war was over, there
were a targe number of claims arising from it, and
we established a comt to try those claims; and
what was the lesultr Why, sir, the most enor-
mous frauds that were ever heard of in the history
of civilization characterized it, and claims were
pushed through thatcourtof so monstrous a char-
acter that one of the per petrators of them, appalled
by the enormity of his own fraud, committed sui-
cide m pnson. That was the iesult of the first
Court ol Claims that this country ever estab-
lished.
L-t me call the attention of the Senate to a doc-
ument that I think is very neatly being forgotten
here, bound in green cloth, called the Constitution
of the United Siates.
" No money *lmli be diavvn from the Treasury but in con-
^qu^nce of oppiopriationa made by law."
