1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the State of Massachusetts. And why is that?
Because you give to the citizen a perfect legal rem-
edy for the collection of the amount the bank
promises to pay; because if a*note is issued by
the city of Boston every dollar of property in that
city is'liabie for its payment; and if the city fails
to pay, you may obtain judgment, and may levy
your execution upon that property.
Mr. Speaker, the obvious purpose of this amend-
ment is to repress the circulation of these institu-
tions. Is this circulation unreasonable? The
Commonwealth of Massachusetts has a banking
capital of §67,000,000. And what is the extraor-
dinary circulation of which gentlemen speak?
Twenty-seven million dollars only upon a capital
of |67,000,000, as appears by a report of the bank
commissioners. That is the circulation; and it is
not these great corporations in large cities about
which gentlemen like to talk to please the people
that this provision of the Senate is to affect. No,
sir*, itisyoursmall local banking institutions upon
which are daily and weekly dependent the small
manufacturers and businessmen in the interior of
the States, who go regularly to these banks for
their discount, and depend upon them for the aid
by which they carry on their business. You do
not pretend to tax the banks in the cities; your
tax does not reach them to any considerable ex-
tent; it is the small interior banks of the country
that you propose to tax, and it is against that I
enter my protest.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. WALKER. I ask my colleague to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has once
spoken upon this question, and is not therefore
entitled to the floor while other gentlemen desire
to speak.
Mr. DAWES. Very well, then, I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise again ton question of
order. The gentleman has no right to obtain the
floor for that purpose in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to be recognized to call the
previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, 84 members voted in the affirmative, and 1G
in the negative.
Mr. ROSCOG CONKLING called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordeied to be put.
Mi. WAS11BURNE called for the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment of the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 7f>; as follows:
Messrs. Alilnch, Ashley, Hahbttf, Bailv, Boa-
man, lhngham, Samuel S, Ulan, Wak'', Undue'-. Iluffuilnn,
Culvert, Casey, Coi(a\\ Cujiwav, Davis, i:ii<>t, Samuel
Uevsenden, Thomas \. I). Fe—enden. Fi-her, Fiandeis,
Gondu m,(ii augci, Hall it, ll.ught, Hale, Harrison, lloopci,
llmeiun-, Julian, kellry, Fianeis YV. Kejiogg, William
K< tle«;r, han nig, La/em. Weindoe. iUek'ean, MeKiught,
Mel'liet-on, Mooihcad, Anson l\ MoruH, Olm, I'auou,
Tnnotbv G. I'heip-, Pike, John II. Kiee, Riddle, Saigent,
Shrink-. Shellabatgei, Sheiman, Sloatt. Francis Thomas,
Tumble. Ti ow bridge. Vandevei, Vrnee, VValkei, Wa-h-
biniie, WelM'-i, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Window, and
Wotco-tei -G:i.
NAVS—Mrw,«. William Allen. William J Allen, Alley,
Ancoiia. Uakei. Baxtei, Diddle, Jacob 15. Blan. William
G. Hi own, i \impbell. Chambei lain, ('iai k. Cobb, Fi ederick
J\. < :onkliii«. Uo-eoe C onkling, Cm, Ci i-ficld, Cutlet,
Duw-'J, Delano. IV-lnplnine, Dnnlap, Dunn, Rdwaid-, Klv,
English. Fentou, Fonke. Fianchot, Fiank. Gooeli, Gndci,
11 aiding. Ilolnian, I Ion on, Johnson. Kilhngei, Ivuapp,May
natd, M<n/.ie-. Ju-iin S. Monill, Moms, iNixoit, Xobb',
Noi ion, Nui'en. Pendleton. Poineiov, Poi tei, Ale\andei II.
Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins. Sedgwick,Shef-
lield, slnel, Smith. William G. Steele, Steven-, Side-,
Sttatton, I'eniamju F. Thoma-, Valiandi<;ham, V;ui \V>ck,
Yoorhee-, W.uk-woiili, Wallace, Waul, Whcelet, Chilton
A. White. WiekiilVe, Wood, Woodruff, Wright, and Yea-
man—'<r .
So the House refused to iccede from its disa-
greement to the amendment of the Senate.
Dining the call of the roll,
Air.SLOAN stated that Ins eolh'n:-ue, Mr.Por-
tlk, wuc. t b.sent in consequence of .sickness tn his
family, aju! hod patted with Air. Coii\tin*o. lie
[aM> . jPorrnnJ would have voted {kay," and Mr.
Conxixc '(nc ''
xMr DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to recede; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved that the House further
insist upon its disagreement to the Senate amend-
ment, and ask another committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 80, noes 16.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr.
Dawes, Mr. Fenton, and Mr. Maynard as such
committee on the part of the House.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which another committee of conference was or-
dered; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill of the House No. 591, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes ot
the two Houses on the lull of the House No. 591, to indem-
nify the Piesident and other pet-oris foi suspending the
privilege of the wiit of habeas corpus and acts done in pursu-
ance thereof, and the Senate's, amendment thereto, having
met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to then lespcctive House* that
the Senate recede fiom their saidamendment and agree to
the said House lull, amended to read as follows, to wit:
An act relating to habeas corpus, and icgulathig judicial
proceedings in eeitain cases.
Be it ennrted hy the Scnatiyxnd Jlovse of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerua in Congress assembled, That
dutiug the present rebellion, the President of the United
State-, whenever iti his judgment the public safety may re-
i|ti!ie it, is authorized to su-pend the piivtlege <u the wiit
of habeas corpus in any case throughout the United States
or any pait thcieof. And whenevei and wheruverthesaid
puvilege shall be suspended, a1- afoie-aid, no military or
othei officei shall be compelled, in an-vvei toany wutoi
habeas cot jws\ to return the body of any peisou oi persons
detained hy him bj authority ot tbe 1'iosident ; but upon a
eeiUlicatej under oath, ot the ofheet having charge of any
one so detained, thai -ueh pci-on is detained by lum an a
piisonei undei autliotuv ot the i're-ulem, fuuln i preced-
ing- undei the wi it ot habeas co>puv -ball be -u.-pi'iided hy
the judau oi court having i—ued the .-aid wiit so long as
said -u-pen-ion hy the Picsidcnt .-hall lemam in Joiee and
said iclxiiion eontiiuu:
Src. 2. he it fHither enui led, That the Secretiny of
State and the Secictaiy of Wai he, and they aio heieby,
dneeted, as-oon ;h maybe practicable, to iui ni-h to the
judge.- of the eneuit and dis-ti let comts ot the United State*
and of the District, of Columbia a h.-t of the names of all
peisons, <'i:t/-eti-ot States in which the adnnuistiauon ot
tin: lawi ha- continued unimpaired in the said fedeial
eonrt-, who ate now. or may heieafter bo, held asprisoueis
ol the United States, by otder or autboiit\ ol the Pie.sident
ot tin; United States or either ol said N-cietaues, in any
fort, ar-<'n.il, oi other place, as State or political pi i-oneis,
or otheivvi-e than a- pn-oneis ol w.ti; the ^aid h-tto con-
tain the names ot all tbo-e who ic-ule in the respective ju-
tisdietions ol said judge-, ot who ma} be deemed hy the .-aid_
Seeretaiie-, or eithei ot them, to have vioi.ited any law ol
the United States'm any of said pui-diction-, ami al-othe
date of ea«'h ane-t—the Seeretai v ol Slate to fm nl-h a Ij-t
ol Mieh per-ons as ai c inipi l-oned hy the ordei oi authoi ity
ol the Pjesiden!,aeting throu<rhtl)e State Depaitment. and
the Seeict.uy ot Wai a li-l of such as aie impn-otied by
the or<h'i oi "atiihority of the Pie^ulent, aelmg thiough the
Ueparttneiit ol W;u. And in all ea-e-* wbeie a giand jtny,
having attended any ol said eouits ha\tng )urt.-diction in
the pi enii-es. al'tei the pa—aire ot tin- act, and after the tur-
mshmir ot'-anl ii-t, a- al<ne-aid, ha-* ti nmuated it- «e^-ion
without finding an mdief innM. ot pie-cnlmeur. oi othei pio-
cei'ding agani-t any>tich petson, it shall he the dutj <">1 the
judge ol ^-.tid couit toithwith to make an order that any
t-ueh pii-onei de-umga dis.'luuye fiom -aid nnpij-onment
be hi ought belt ire lum to he tii-chat^ed ; and e \ et^ olhcei ot
the United Stat"- having cu-tod\ of-ueti piisonei i- hcie-
hy dueeted imniedi.Ueh to ob<-y and e\e< ute -aid jndge'-
o! (h'i ; and iti ea-e he shall deln\ oi lelu^e so to do. he shall
he wuhjei't to mdieiment loi a nu-d'ineanot, and be pun
tshed hy a fine ol not Ie— th.iii .>" D0 and unpi t-onmeni in
the <'<)inmon jail foi a ponod >ioi h^- than -ix months, m
the disc tot ion of the eoui t. PtoniicdJion-evci, 'J'luitno per-
son shall he di-ehaiued by viitue ot the piovisions ot this act
until attei he oi -he shall have taken an oath of allegiance
to tin Cuveinuu-nt of the United StaLe<. and to -up[ oi t the
(Jon-titution thejeof; and that he oi she will not ho eaiter,
in any wav. eueotna^e orcive aid and eomfoitto the pie^-
(utielnlhon <"n the-u[>poi ft-tbeieoi: vllnd provided, also,
Th.tt liie judge oi eouit befote wlioin -neh peisou ma\ he
biought. hetori- lit-cbaigiug h:m or her from impu -oiiinent,
shall havepowti.on evammanoii oi the < a>e, and, n the
public safety bh.ill icquire it, ^h.ill be Mxpured to eati-e linn
oi her to entrt into iccognizaisce, w llh o: oi without stitei} ,
in a -uin to be fiv< d h\ -,ud judge (n coint. to keep the peace
and be uf  oud bcha\ 101 tovvaids the 1,'nited State- and it«j
eitt/en-. and tiom time to time, and at -ueh t.mes a< -neh
judge oi court mai direct, appeal before said iiulge oi eouit
to betuithei dealt witli. according to law. a-tin* circum-
-tance, inii\ icipine. And it shall be the duty ot the dn-
tnct attoniev (ji tiie United Statu< to attend such examina-
tion betoie the judge.
Stc. 3. Jlnd be it further encalcJ, That in case nny of
inch prisoner- shall i>e undei mdietment or piesentment
foi any offense agatn-t the law- of the United State-, and
;; hy exi-tmg laws bail or a lecoginzance m.iy he taken i.n
I j the appentauee foi trial of such poi-on, it -hall be the duty
II of stud judge at once to di^chaigo such pei*on upon bail
or recognizance fortrial as aforesaid. And in case the said
Secietanes of State and War shall for any reason refuse or
omit to luinish the said Jistofpeisons held as prisoners as
afoiesaid at the time of the passage of this act within
twenty days thereafter, and of such persons as hereafter
may he arrested withm twenty day? from the time of the
arrest, any citizen may, after a grand jury shall have term-
inated its session without finding an indictment or pre-
sentment, as piovided in the second section of this act, by
a petition alleging the facts aforesaid touching any of the
persons so a  aforesaid imprisoned, supported by the oath
of such pctitionei or any other credible person, obtain and
be entitled to iiave the said judge's order to discharge such
piisonei on the same tennis and condition- piesciibcd in the
second section of this act: Provided, however, That the
said judge shall be satisfied such allegations arc true.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That any ordei of the
President, or undei hi* authority, made at any time during
the existence of the present rebellion, shall be a defense
in all couits to any action oi prosecution, civil or criminal,
pending or to be commenced, for any seaieh, seizme, ar-
iest, or imprisonment, made, done, oi committed, or acts
omitted to be done, under and by virtue of s-ueli order, or
undercolor of any law ot Congre-^ ; and such defense may
be made by special plea, or under the general issue.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted. That if any suit or pros-
ecution, civil or criminal, ha« been or shall be commenced
in any State court against any officer, civil or military, or
against any other person, for any airest or imprisonment
made, or othei tre-passes or wrongs done or committed, or
any act omitted to be done, at any time during the present
rebellion, by vittue or undercolor of any authority derived
fiom or exercised by oi under the Pie-Mdent of the United
State-*, oi any act of Congress, and the defendant *hall5 at
the time of enteimg his appearance in such court, or it such
appearance shall have been entered betore the pa—age of
tins act, then at the next session of the couit in which such
suitor prosecution is pending, file a petition, stating the
lacts, and veufied by affidavit, for the removal of the cause
for trial at the next circuit eourtof the United States to be
holden in the district vvheie the suit i=, pending, and offer
good and sufficient surety foi his filing in such eouit, on the
first day of its session, copies of such process and other
pioceedmgs against him, and also foi his appeal mg m such
court and entering special bail m the cause, if special bail
was oi igitially requited ther* in, it shall then be the duty of
the State couit to accept the suiety and pioceed no fuither
in the eau-o oi piosteution; and the bail that shall have
been onglfully taken shall be discharged. And such copies
being tiled as aforesaid n> such couit of the United States,
the eau-o shall pioceed thciein m the same mannei as if it
had been bioughtm -aid court by onginul p>oces-, what-
ever ma\ be the amount in dispute or the damage s claimed,
ot whatever the citizenship of the parties, any ioitnei law
to the couiraiy notwithstanding. And any attachment of
the good-* or e-tato ot the delendant by the otigtua1 piocess
shall hold the goods or estate attached to an-wer the
final judgment in the same manner as bj the laws ot such
State they would have been holden to an-wer final judg-
ment had it been rendered m the court in which the suit or
prosecution was commenced. And it .-hall be lawful m
any such action or ptosetution which may be now pend-
ing or hereafter commenced before any Stare com t whru-
evei.foi any eau-e aforesaid,at'fet final judgment, ioi either
paity to temove and transfer, b> appeal, shell ea-e dunng
the session oi term of said eouit at which the -nine shall
have taken place fiom such eourt to the mwt circuit eoui t
ot the United States to be held in the di-tnct in which -ueh
appeal shall be taken. In manner afoiesmd. And it-hall
be, the duty of the person taking -ueh appeal to ptodnce and
hie in the said eueuit eoui t attested copies or the pioeess,
proceedings, and judgment in such cause ; and it -hall also
be competent tor either patty, within siv month- al't( i the
rendition of a judgment in anv such cau^e.by wt it ol euor
oi other pioeess, to remove the same to the cncuit eouit
ot the United States ol thauli-trict in which sueh judgment
shall have been reiidei ed; and the said eueuit eoui r shall
theteupon pioceed to tiv and determine the tact- and the
law in such action, in the same mannet a< if the -ame had
been then' otigmally commenced, the judgment in -xch
case notwithstanding. And any hail which nia\ hav'-'becn
t.tfveu, or piopeity attached, shall be holden on the final
judgment of the said eneuit couit in -ueh au'on in the
saiue mariner a- if no -<ueh lemoval and tian-tei had been
made as aforesaid. And the State couit tiom whieh any
-ueh action, civil ot eiinnnal, may he iemo\e,| mid tian—
ten ed, a- atore-aid, upon the panic- giving go->d and -ufii-
eient soeinity for the pro-eeufion theieof, <hatl allow the
-ame to be removed and tiansfetred.and pioceed n<> tmther
in the ca>e : Piovided* hoircrer, That;' thepaiu aioie-aid
shall tail duly to enter the icmoval and tian-t>'i, a - a'oie-
said, in the circuit court of the United State-, ag'ecably to
this act,the Stateeouit by wirn h judgment shall have been
rendeied, and fiom which the ttan-tei and iemo\.;l -hall
have been made, as aioie-aid, shall be authorised, oh mo-
tion foi that pmpo-e, to j— ue ex<'eution, ,uidh > an v into
eflect .my such judgment, the same as if no siteii icmoval
andtiau-fel had bei.n made: ,ind provided aho. That no
-ueh appeal or writof erroi -hall be allowed in ans <'ttrn
in.ilaction oi pio-ecution wheie final judgmeiif -hall have
been icndeied ui favor ot the defendant oi_ r"-ponllcnt bv
the St.ite coutt. And if in atij suit heieattei rntnm-Mieed
the plaintiff is nonsuited ot judgment pa-s against bun, the
defendant shall iccover double costs.
? Si,c G. slml bcil fuithci « nutted, That any -ni'm mio^c-
cutioti d'.'sei ibed in !ht> act, in whu-h final jtui-nnent tnav^
be iejuleieil tn the cncutf couit, maybe earned bv wnt of
erior to the Supit me Couit. whatever may he the amount
of said judgment.
See 7. And he it further enact cd. That no suitor pio-ecu-
tion. civil ot criminal. >hall bemaintani( d lot am a'te-t oi
impu-onmcnt made, ot other tre-|>asscs oi uiom:- done or
committed, oi aet omitted to b" doi.r. at an\ tune during
the pu'sent icbellion, by vnttte oi under coloi of any au
thonty deuved fiom or exercised b> oi underihe Pie-ideut
of the United State-, oi by >>i undi i any a^t of (.'ongie—,
unless the same -hall have beeti commeneed within two
yeais next after such auest, impiisonment, trespa-s, or
