1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wrong may have been done or committed, or act may have
been omlued to be done: Provided, That in no ca e shall
the limitation herein provided commence to run until the
passage of this act? so that no party shall, by virtue of this
act, be debarred ot his remedy by suitor prosecution until
two years from and after the passage of this act.
LYMAN TRCJMBULL,
J. COLLAMER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
JNO. A. BINGHAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a point of order
on the reception of the report of the committee of
conference. The point I make is this, that what
has been submitted is not the report agieed to by
the committee of conference. There is a section
left out, which was put in by the committee of
conference.
Mr. STEVENS. The point of order resolves
itself into a question of fact. The majority of the
managers of the conference on the part of either
House have signed the report, and the report
which they have signed is the report which I
have submitted.
% The SPEAKER. It has always been held that
that is the report of the committee of conference
which is signed by a majority of the conferees.
The Chair understands that the paper which has
been read is signed by -the majority of the mana-
gers of the committee of conference on the part of
the two Houses.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no doubt about that
fact.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to make a state-
ment of fact, which will not be called into ques-
tion. The point I make is this: in the consulta-
tions of the committee of conference that bill, so
far as read by the Clerk, was agreed to; but an
additional section, offered and insisted on by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
was adopted by the conferees of both Houses.
The committee then adjourned. They have never
met since as a committee of conference, and I am
a member of that committee and would certainly
know. I make the point of order that it is not
competent for a majority of these gentlemen of the
committee of conference, in their separate places
in the House and not meeting as a committee of
conference—that it is not in order after the com-
mittee of conference has formally adjourned, to
change the report which was adopted, and which
it was agreed should be submitted for the approval
of the two Houses. I call the attention of the
House to page 49 of the Manual. It is there
stated that—
" A committee meet when and where they please, if the
House has not ordered time and place for tliem ; but they
can only act when together, and not by separate consulta-
tion and consent, nothing being the rnpoit of a committee
but what has been agreed to" in committee actually as-
sembled.55
On the next page of the Manual I find the fol-
lowing:
" When a vote is once passed in a comnnttce it cannot
be altered but by the House—their vote being binding on
themselves."
I think the statement of fact as I have made it
cannot be called in question by the members of
the conference committee.
The SPEAKER. There is but one course to
pursue when a point of order is raised like that
which is presented to the consideration of the
House by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pen-
dleton.] On peige 53 of the Manual will be
found the following:
"If it i« disputed that ft leport has been ordered in by a
committor, the question of reception must be put to the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say a word m
regard to the facts. After we had agreed to every-
thing else, I presented a clause providing for com-
pensation. The question arose whether the in-
sertion of that clause would send the bill to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
I then stated that I would consult the Speaker on
the matter, and if the insertion of the clause would
have the effect of sending the bill to the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union I would
withdraw it. It was the opinion of the Speaker
that it would send the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I appeal to my
colleague on the committee whether the statement
of fact which I have made does not agree with his
und,islanding of ihu mattrr.
Mr. BINGHAM. Thetc h> no doubt about the
statement of fact just submitted by the gentleman
froi# Pennsylvania. I went to the other mem-
bers of the committee of conference on the sub-
ject.
Mr. STEVENS. Have I not stated the matter
correctly? Did I not request you to go to the
other members of the committee and inform them
of the fact that as the clause referred to would
send the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it would not be inserted
in the report of the committee of conference?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have so stated; and I now
state that I performed the service requested of
me before the report was made up.
Mr, PENDLETON. It appears, then, sir, on
the statement made by these gentlemen, in which
I do not entirely agree, that the ultimate report
of the committee of conference was adopted after
consultation with the Speaker of the House on
the question of order. I agree with the gentle-
men and with the opinion of the Speaker of the
House on the decision which he made; but it was
not my understanding nor any part of the agree-
ment that I am aware of, that the report of the
committee of conference was to be determined by
the opinion of the Speaker of this House. My
recollection is, that after discussion in the com-
mittee of conference, a report was agreed upon,
including the clause of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] which has not been read
by the Clerk. It seems from the statement of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and the statement
of my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] that there was
afterwards a separate consultation on the part of
some of the conferees of the two Houses, and that
they agreed to change the report, and sent to the
members u notice of the fact that they had agreed
to change that which had been formally adopted
by the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses. I ask whether
notice of that fact was given to me until four
o'clock in this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague-is mistaken
about the time.
Mr. PENDLETON, I may be a half hour out
of the way, but it was very recently that I re-
ceived notice of the change of the report of the
committee of conference on the part of some ofthe
; members of that committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the report was made
■ and signed at all, I informed my colleague. I in-
formed him as soon as I had an opportunity. At
the suggestion of the chairman of the committee
of conference, after it was ascertained that the
introduction of the clause referred to would send
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I went to seek my colleague,
[Mr. Pendleton,] and inform him of the con-
clusion which had been reached; but he was not
here. I knew it was the understanding that the
insertion of that clause in the bill was to depend
on whether it would send the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
committee of conference in making their report
acted in accordance with that understanding. It
was ascertained by consultation with the Speaker
that it would send it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the clause
was accordingly omitted from the report.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman informed
me undoubtedly that the position I had taken in
the committee was ascertained to be correct; and
lam certain that if that clause had not been left
out of the report of the committee, the bill would
have been before this time in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. There is
where I intended to send it. The point I make
is, that the report was agreed upon formally be-
tween a majority of the conferees of both Houses,
and after they had gone to their business in this
House and in the other, a new report was made,
leaving out the clause in the repoi t to which I ob-
jected, and on which the gentleman himself says
that they overruled him.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 beg leave to remind my col-
league that before the committee adjourned they
declared their purpose, on the suggestion of the
chairman of the committee, to report that section
or not, as the chairman might see fit. That is the
understanding which was entered into before the
committee adjourned.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not think that that
was the understanding. It certainly was not on
i my part. I object to the reception ot the report.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair thinks if the re-
port is signed by a majority of the members of the
committee of conference that it is the report of the
committee of conference. It is not neeessary for
the committee to meet at allif they sign the report;
Whatever report is signed and returned to the*
House is the report of the committee of confer-
Mr. PENDLETON. What is the rule ?
TheSPEAKER. Thepointhavingbeen raised*
the question will be put to the House,s< Shall the
report be received
Mr. COX. I should like to make an inquiry
in regard to a question of fact on which my vote
will depend. Was this report drawn up and signed
before the committee of conference adjourned ?
Did they have any formal meeting?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already stated that
fact. The committee of conference agreed to a
reporton all of the amendments before them. The
chairman of the committee on the part of the
House moved an additional section. It was sug-
gested by my colleague that that section would
make the bill an appropriation bill, and send it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of,the
Union. The chairman was then instructed to
make an inquiry whether the section would send
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and if it would, he was di-
rected to leave it out of the report. In a few min-
utes my colleague upon the committee, the chair-
man, sent for me, and informed me that he had
satisfied himself my colleague from Ohio was right
in his conclusion, and that 1 accordingly could
report to the committee upon the part of the Sen-
ate the fact, as also to my colleague. I did report
to them; went to the Judiciary room where the
sessions were held; where the chairman upon the
part of the Senate was still remaining; where his
clerk was; where they were about to make up the
report; where they had made up the introductory
clause, and this section, to which reference is
made, was never incorporated in the report at all.
Mr. COX. If I understand the statement of fact
made by my colleague, it is simply this; when
thatcommittee adjourned they had not concluded
action upon the subject referred to them by the
House; and I hold it to be parliamentary law laid
down in the Manual, page 124, that a conference
committee requires just as much of a meeting,
just as much of a discussion, viva voce, open dis-
cussion and conference, between the members, as
the two Houses do. Itis m fact a meeting of the
two Houses upon a small scale.
Mr. BINGHAM. In pointof fact we had con-
cluded action upon what would be the report, with
the exception that they left it to the mover of the
last concluding section to report that back for him-
self if he desired to do so; and he never did report
it back at all; and the report was made up upon
what we did agree upon.
Mr. COX. It was left conditional.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was not left conditional
at all as to what the report should be. Every
word was agreed upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that he
should overrule the point of order if it was in his
province to do that. But the Chair did not intend
to overrule the point of order, but read the rule,
giving his construction of the matter. The ques-
tion is for the House to decide. The Chair stated
that a repoit agreed upo  and signed by a major-
ity of the committee of conference is their repoit;
and the question for the House to decide is, '* Shall
the report be received as the report of the com-
mittee
Mr. PENDLETON. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alduch, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blau, Hl.ike,
William G. Brown, Butfintoii, Campbell,Ca>cv,Chamber-
lain, Clement®, Colfax, Fredouck A Conklmjr, Uoscoe
Oonklisig, Conway, Cutler, Davis, Dunn, Edgeitou. Ed-
wards, Jihot, Fenton, Samuel C. Fe^enden. Thomas A.
I) Foi^emUm, Fh-liei, Flandcis, Franchot. Fianb, Coooh,
Goodwm, llaisht, Hale, Hanson, lloopoj, lloitou, UuK'h-
m«, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. KHloga:, Ks'iiitmM, Lan-
sing, Loomh, Mclmloe, McKeau, McKuj l t, MtPiui>on,
Marston, Maymud, Moorhead, An-on 1*. Mm rill, Justin SJ.
Mornli. Nixon, Olin, Patton, Tnnotfiv G. Phelps Pi fee,
Ponunoy. Potter, Alexandei ii. Rkm\ John H Usee, Edward
II. Rollins, S5ai gun t, Sedgwick, rthank-, Slicliabai'jrt'r. Sher-
man, Sloan, Span Id mg. Steven^ Straiton, Fiance Thomas,
Tiimbie, Trowbudgo, Van Iloin, Veuee, WalKci, Wallace,
