418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
of $100,000,000, accruing in the Inst sixty years j
6fmu*'Government, without any restraint, with- \
out any limitation except the mere report to Con-
gress of the payments that have been made on their ;
judgments? 1 say that is not sufficient. These
gentlemen may be corrupted. I do not suppose
that such a thing is likely to occur; but they may
be. It is said that members of Congress have been
corrupt; and yet most of these gentlemen of the
Court-of Claims will probably be taken from ex-
members of Congress. I ask you, therefore, if
there is no danger of corruption?
But not only that; there is danger from mistakes.
Most of the claims that Jiave been improperly
tassed in Congress have been passed by reason
f mistakes. We hear a report read; we infer
from the statements contained in the report that
the claim is just, and we pass it; and it may turn
out that the claim is unfounded. Now, I ask if
sufficient guards can be thrown around a Court of
4 Claims when you refer to that court claims of fifty
years' standing ? is it possible that they can know
all the history of the Government on the subject,
and the details of those claims? Even the attor-
neys that you provide may not discover them.
They are subject to errors, to mistakes, and to
fraud. I say, therefore, especially in regard to old
claims, where errors of judgment may be com-
mitted by ignorance, by a variety of testimony,
and by many other extraneous circumstances, we
should throw around them some other guard than
the simple judgment of a ma jority of five men.
Now, sir, I say that the guard [ propose is a
very important one. If their judgmentonly oper-
ates as a report m favor of an old, long-standing
claim, it must be submitted to the judgment of
Congress. The estimates submitted by them will
go to the various committees of this body, and
will be there investigated. There is a restraint on
their judgment. Pacts may he disclosed after their
judgment is rendered that may tend to shojv that
the claim is unfounded. Congress sitting in the
mean time may discover that fact. It seems to me,
therefore, that this is a very important limitation
and restraint on their judgment. Without this
lir itauon,orsome limitation on theCou it of Claims
to take money from the Treasury to pay old and
antiquated claims, you will have gathered around
the Court of Claims a set of harpies moie violent,
more persevering than ail those who have sur-
rounded the lobbies of this Congress. If you
place it in the power of five judges to go into the
Treasury of the United States, and without limit
or restraint to pay old, long-standing claims of any
amount, 1 say you will surround that court with
a set of harpies worse than any that ever sur-
rounded Congress. All the lobby agents of the
country will gather around that tribunal. The
judges are liable to be deceived, liable to be mis-
led, liable to be corrupted.
Sir, if we give this power to the Court of Claims,
it will be a ti ibmml unprecedented in our history.
We have never allowed such an authority to the
highest court in the land. No nation in the world
has ever allowed puch a power to any tribunal.
None of the modern nations of Europe hasallowed
one of its own courts to decide without restraint
upon claims against the Government; and why?
Because, in a suit against the Government, all
the sympathies are for the individual; all the
private interest, and all the motives that can in-
fluence the action of men are with the individual
against the Government. If you do not give the
Government the benefit of the statute of limitations;
if you do not protect u by those ordinary restraints
by which you guard the rights of an individual,
how can you protect it? These judges are not
able to do it. They will have to decide upon the
evidence before them. That evidence may be
founded upon perjury or corruption, and they
may have no means of detecting it. They are but
men like ourselves, subject to corruption, subject
to deception, subject to be misled; and the same
influences that have surrounded Congress, and
perverted and corrupted ourlegislation in time past
may possibly corrupt and pervert the judgment
of tKe Court of Claims.
I think, therefore, it is wise to surround so dan-
gerous an exercise of power with some limitation, !
some restraint. If I had framed this law myself, j
I would have made the six years "bar apply to all I
outstarading claims. I would leave all these old i
claims to be buried by the past, by the statute of j
limitations, just as eVaims against individuals are '
buried by the lapse of time. There is no reason
why the same rule should not apply to the Gov-
ernment. However, as there is no disposition in
the Senate to apply these limitations to old stand-
ing claims, I would incumber the process by
which the Treasury may be reached on these old
claims by at least requiring the court to report
them to Congress, and requiringaspecificappro-
priation to be made in each individual case. The
limitation I propose does not affect claims arising
in the ordinary course of business. They will be
paid,if this bill passes,outof the Treasury, with-
out objection. It only applies toclaimsmore than
six years old which may pass the Court of Claims,
and around the payment of these claims I desire
to throw all the guards which the ingenuity of
man can devise.
It seems to me of all the propositions I have
heard in this Senate, I have heard of none more
dangerous than that which would place the Treas-
ury of the United States within the power of the
decision of a majority of five judges selected prob-
ably from among politicians. You propose to
place the Treasury of the United States within
the power of five judges to decide upon old claims
to the amount of ยง100,000,000. I have no doubt
the claims that could be made up and manufac-
tured ftom the foundation of the Government to
this time would amount to nearly that much. An
honorable Senator has reminded me that there
were at one time Florida claims here amounting
to $2,000,000. There have been whole classes of
claims growing out of contracts which have been
presented to Congressfrom time^o time amount-
ing to millions of dollars. I mentioned to you
yesterday a claim growing out of the construction
of a statute, which I suppose would come within
the operations of this law undoubtedly. Claims
grow out of the simple construction of two or
three words of a statute, which may involve the
Treasury to the amount of $5,000,000. The Court
of Claims had one little case involving this prin-
ciple before them. The amount involved in that
particular case was, I believe, only a pension of
eight dollars a month, or ninety-six dollars a year,
and yet the decision rendered in that case in favor
of a revolutionary widow would have involved
some four or five million dollars. Under the
operation of this law, upon that decision alone,
the Secretary of the Treasury would have been
bound not only to pay that given claim, but all
the claims founded upon the principle decided in
thatcase.
Mr. President, are we willing to trust to any
class of men, however honest, however pure they
may be, tins dangerous power ? I would not trust
it to the Supreme Court of the United States. 1
think,as the guardians of the people, as the guard-
1 nins of their money, we should not intrust these
dangerous poweis to others. The experience of
the past is against it. No Government in the
world has done it. England would not do it.
France would not do it. No Government has done
it. And now, when these claims are becoming
unprecedented in number, shall we embark in this
dangerous scheme, and without restraints or lim-
itations throw upon the Treasury of the United
States, already embarrassed by the operations of
the war, to the judgment of a court which may
be corrupt, which may be misled, especially in
old claims, where the interest of the party and
all the influences of lobbies may be brought to
bear, where everything would be against the Gov-
ernment, and nothing in its favor, not even the
ordinary statute of limitations, and when not even
the ordinary inferences drawn from the lapse of
time could be applied in favor of the Government?
It does seem to me, therefore, that it would bo
dangerous to pass this bill without some limita-
tion, some restraint upon the power of the court
over these old claims. It is true that the amend-
ment I propose may not be sufficient. Congress
may not be a sufficient guard. These old claims,
even when acted on by the Court of Claims and
brought here, may ye't be lobbied through Con-
gress; but it is a restraint at least, and I would
throw around it all these restraints.
Air. TRUMBULL. I will ask whatis the pre-
cise question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio offer his second amendment as a dis-
tinct amendment, or as an amendment to his pre-
vious amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer it us an amendment
to the previous amendment, as it relates to th-i
same proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on that amendment to the amendment adopted
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The two amendments
come in different places.
Mr. SHERMAN. But in the same proviso.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first I have no objec-
tion to; but the other seems to be objectionable.
I will ask the Secretary to report theamendn  nt
now pending, offered by the Senator from Oh.o.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment last offered by the Senator
from Ohio.
The Secretary read it, in section eleven, line
nine, after the word "act" to insert the words:
And all claims allowed by said couit, which accrued six
years before the parage oi thn act, shall be submitted to
Congress, and shall not be paid unless specific appiopria-
tions s hall be made therefor by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the question is now upon
what the Secretary has just read, I hope it will
not be adopted. It is the old question overagain,
and it has been reiterated here time and again.
The Senator from Ohio has told us several times
that here is a bill opening the Treasury of the
United States to five judges who may be corrupted,
to the amount of hundreds of millions of dollars,
without any check and without any limitation.
Now, if the repetition and the reiteration time and
again of this assertion can make it so, it will be
so. That is undoubtedly his opinion; but, sir,
this bill provides no such thing. Not one dollar
can be taken out of the Treasury of the United
States under this bill except in pursuance of ap-
propriations made by Congress. That is in the
bill. The Senator can 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will ask the Senator, be-
cause we ought not to misunderstand a matter of
business, whether Congress can know beforehand
what it is appropriating; for if the appropriation
is only by a general sum, say $5,000,000 for the
payment of the decisions of the Court of Claims,
where is the limitation or restraint?
Mr- TRUM BULL. Mr. President, it can know
it just as well as every appropriation it makes.
Congress makes all its appropriations on esti-
mates that are sent in here, except they be for de-
ficiencies^ T take it that an appropriation can be
made to pay the judgments of the Court of Claims
just like any other appropriation; and until that
apptopriation is made, not a dollar'can be taken
out of the Tieasury. The Senator may reiterate
it a thousand times, and it will not alter the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator an-
otherquestion, becausel do not want to misunder-
stand him. Are not our appropriations, by both
the rules of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, confined expressly to appropriations pro-
vided for by law, in which the amount and char-
acter, &c., of the object to be appropriated for is
pointed out by previously existing law? When
you are called upon to appropriate for the Court
of Claims, how can the Committee on Finance
estimate how much shall be appropriated for the
Court of Claims; or how can they make any limit-
ations or restraints or qualifications or directions
about it? The practical difficulty is obvious.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have appropriated at
this session of Congress many millions ofdollars;
and a bill is pending I believe in this body appro-
priating some seven or eight hundred million dol-
lars, and perhaps forty million dollars for trans-
portation of troops. How do you know you ought
to appropriate that? How do you know how
many troops will be moved? Why,sir, you may
not know to a dollar. An appropi mtion is made
for the judicial and legislative expenses of the
Government; and if the appropriation does not fit
exactly the amount, we afterward supply the de-
ficiency; and if there is an excess it is not paid.
But, sir, when Senators rise here in their places
and proclaim to the country, to persons who do
not read this bill, that there is anybody in this
Senate for opening the Treasury of the United
States to five judges without any restraint and
without any limitation, such statements are cal-
culated to mislead and deceive the public. It is
not true that a dollar can go from the Treasury
under this bill except in pursuance of a law that
Congress shall.pass.
Again: the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hal*-] talks about this asadangerous thing; and
