ims
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. While we are waiting
here, 1 understand that no business is in order. I
desire, therefore, to move that the House take a
recess until eleven o'clock, and that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be instructed to make his return then.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit tfiat. that motion is not in order.
Tfye SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to suspend the
rules to enable mc to make the motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. During the exe-
cution of a call of the House a motion to suspend
the rules is not in order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say that Mr.
Morris, who is nowln the Hall, has been quite
ill tor some days, a portion of the time confined
to his bed. Tie is now quite ill, and I appeal to
the House to permit him to go home.
There being no objection, Mr. Morris was ex-
cused from further attendance upon to-day's ses-
sion of the House.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand that there are
gentlemen who have some speeches on hand which
it is hard to keep. I ask whether it would not be
in older to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and afford an oppor-
tunity for them to deliver themselves.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not be
in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. If we cannotgo into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
suggest that, by unanimous consent, the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, who has not spoken
during the present session, [laughter,] be per-
mitted to address the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unanimous
consent the gentleman from New Hampshire or
the gentleman from Indiana may be permitted to
address the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose there is no objec-
tion for them to print. [Laughter.]
Mr. BiNGMAM. I object to that.
Mr. COX. I understand that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stkvkns] has some per-
soruiUeminiscences of the BuckshoL war which he
is willing to give to the House. I ask that he be
permitted to favor the House with them at this
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I said that if I had time I
could give a history of the Democratic party that
would be even more disgraceful than it was in
those days. [Laughter.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms reported that in pur-
suance of the oulcr of the House he had arrested
and brought to the bar of the House Mr. IIkn-
diuctc B, Wright and Mr. John W. Mevzies.
Tin- SP13AKEL? pro tempore. Mr. Wright,
you have absented yourself from the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to render?
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr.-Speaker, I am and al-
ways have been a law-abiding citizen: I am a strict
constructionist of the Constitution; this was a part
of my early education. Judge me upon my own
rule of life, and I will submit cheerfully. Uaffords
me much satisfaction m appearing before this au-
gust tribunal, and for the first time under arrest
m my whole life, to know that I am in the hands
of meicifuS as well as wise, learned, and upright
judges. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, in the language
of St. Paul, I repeatthat'' I think myself happy,
Kmu; Agnppa, because I shall answer for my-
self this day before thee touching all the things
whereof lam accused-," and I can well pursue
his jcmaiks by saying, '• I would that not only
thou but also all that hear me this day were both
almost and altogether such as I am, except these
bonds.''
Mr. STEVENS I move to^censure the gen-
tleman for not treating the Chair lespectfully.
Mr. WRIGHT. Oh, no, I beg not; for I do
not see how I have offended against the Chair;
crtumly not in quoting the Bible m this Hall.
[Laughter.] Besides that, my venerable colleague
and myself commenced our acquaintance some fifty
years ago, when he and 1 were both middle-aged
men. i bthat he will withdraw such a prop-
osition, for our relations personally have always
been of the most agreeable character.
I am asked what 1 have to say in excuse of the
charge of absence from the House. If it be a sin
to be absent after two o'clock in the morning from
the House, then my case is pasthope or remedy,
and my only alternative is submission, which I
do as gracefully as I can under the circumstances.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania be discharged on payment of
costs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The motion I made relative to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania I made in good faith, and I shall
make the same motion in reference to every gen-
tleman who is brought to the bar of the House
by the Sergeant-at-Arms. It is a well-known fact
that in all these calls of the House the costs are
taxed up against the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not see that the gentleman from Indiana is pre-
senting a question of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, sir, I wished to call
the attention of the House to the fact that they are
incurring a very considerable expense in these
arrests, which the delinquent members ought to
pay.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, present-
ing Mr. Edward McPiierson at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. McPher-
son, you have been arrested for being absent from
the House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. McPHERSON. I was present until the
last vote, and then left the Hall for a short time
upon business personal to myself, of great im-
portance, and returned to the House a moment
after the call was ordered. I did not leave the
Hall with the intention of remaining away.
Mr. COX, I move that the gentleman be dis-
charged on payment of costs.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment by discharging him with-
out the payment of costs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion as amended was adopted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Menzies,
you have been absent from the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. MENZIES. Mr. Speaker, I will state,as
the best excuse I can give, that this evening be-
tween nine and ten o'clock I left here, as you have
properly remarked, without leave. Upon going,
never having been familiar with this sort of pro-
ceeding befoie i came here, but having learned the
art of pairing off, I made an agreement with Mr.
Baxter, of Vermont.
Mr. WRIGHT. Exactly; I made one with
Mr. Bakhu't. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania is out of order.
Mr. MENZIES. Our course had been so dis-
similar upon nearly all questions that I thought
it safe to pair with him on all questions.
The reason why I went off was this: the Speak
er of the House—I mean the regular Speaker-
was in the habit, as 1 understood, of giving a sort
of party, a reception I believe it is called, once a
week. This was the night in course, and as I
had been so'unfortunate during the whole session
as not to be able to get to one of the Speaker's
receptions, I did not wish to go away from the
city or let the term end without having paid my
respects to him at one of his receptions. I thought
I could safely go, having made tftis arrangement
with Mr Baxter. I went. I met other gentle-
men, members of the House, there, who were
more fortunate in getting back than I was. As
soon as I had paid my respects there I returned.
The Speaker was not there himself. [Laughter.]
Just as I came away I met him at the door. He
told me that no harm had been done in my ab-
sence. I then returned to the House as fast as I
could come.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
read a paragraph in the Manual to which he asks
the attention of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Until a member 1ms pakl tlio fees assessed against liim,
bo is not at libcity to address the Chair or make a question
of order."
[Great laughter.]
Mr. LOOMIS. I desire to make a motion. As
the gentleman has attended the Speaker's party,
I move that his excuse be laid on the Speaker's
table. [Laughter.]
Mr. MENZIES. To be called up at any time,
I suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the gentleman be dis-
charged on payment of costs.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would like to under-
stand whether I understood the gentleman from
Kentucky correctly, that he returned here shortly
after the call commenced and found the doors
closed against him ?
Mr. MENZIES. I came straight here from
Speaker Giwjw's house, and I met some gentle-
men leaving the Hall who told me the doors had
just been closed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move, then, to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
by striking out " on payment of costs."
Mr. FOUKE. I move to amend the amendment
by charging the costs to the Speaker's party.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say here that If
these proceedings amount to anything, if we mean
to enforce the business of the House, the least we
can do in any instance is to require the delinquent
member to pay the fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
If they are not paid by him they must be paid by
the House. I was sorry to see my colleague [Mr.
McPherson] discharged without the costs being
enforced upon him. I hope we shall not follow
the precedent in any other instance.
The amendment of Mr. Trowbridge was not
carried.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was adopted; and
it was thereupon ordered that Mr. Menzies be
discharged upon payment of costs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to what may be re-
garded in some sense a point of order. I see a
gentleman from Missouri, in utter disregard of
the authority of the House, occupying a seat in
the gallery. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. Having qualified myself for
the discharge of the duties of a member again by
paying the fees imposed upon me, I desire to sug-
gest, by way of facilitating the bringing in of these
absent members,that ifthe Sergeant-at-Arms will
go down into the room occupied by the Door-
keeper he can make a big haul. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is out uf order, and will take
his seat.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of order. I observe that since the call of the House
commenced several gentlemen have left the Hall
in violation of the laws of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman that in two or three in-
stances he has permitted gentlemen to leave the
Hall temporarily, but not otherwise.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. lias the Speaker the
right to give that permission?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker
has only given his permission as he has stated,
and if gentlemen have abused his permission they
are responsible for it, and not the Speaker.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings under the call.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT (at one o'clock, a. m.) moved
that the House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
1 submit that it is not in order to move an adjourn-
ment during a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
The House refused to adjourn.
A further pause in the proceedings here oc-
curred while waiting for the Sergeant-at-Arms to
bring in some absentees.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I move that the
Farewell Address of George Washington be read
by the Speaker. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. With a view of occupying
a moment of the time, and for the purpose of see-
ing whether this unfortunate delay in the proceed-
ings of the House is unavoidable 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentle-
man desires to make a motion he will submit it;
no debate is in order.
