1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
other measures looking1 to the termination of the
existing rebellion, reported the following resolu-
tions by the unanimous direction of the commit-
tee; which were read, and ordered to be printed:
Whereas it appear?, from the diplomatic correspondence
submitted to Congress tliat a pioposition, friendly in form,
looking to pacification through foieigu mediation, lias- been
made to the United States by the Emperor of the French
and promptly declined by the President; and whereas the
Jd«a or mediation or inteivention in soini' shape may b?
regarded by foreign Governments as practicable, and such
Governments, through this misunderstanding, may be led to
proceedings tending to embarrass the fiiendlydelations
which now exist between them and the United States ; and
whereas, in order to remove I'or the future all chance of
misunderstanding on this, subject, and to secure for the Uni-
ted States the full enjoyment of that freedom from foreign
interference which is one of the highest rights of independ-
ent States, it seems fit that Congress, should declare its con-
victions thereon : Therefore,
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That while, m tunes past, the United States! have sought
and accepted the friendly mediation or arbitration of foreign
Power* for the pacific adjustment of international ques-
tions, where the United States were the party of the one
part and some other sovereign Power the party of the other
part; and while they are not deposed to imsconstiue the
natural and humane de&ire of foieign Poweis to aid in ar-
resting domestic troubles, which, widening in thou influ-
ence, have afflicted oilier commies, especially m view of
the circumstance, deeply regietied by the American people,
that the blow mined by the rebellion nt the national life has
fallen heavily upon the laboring population of Eu opc, yet,
notwithstanding these things, Congress cannot hesitate io
regard every proposition of foreign interference in tho pres-
ent conical as so far unreasonable and inadmissible that its
only explanation will be lound in a imsundei<tandmg of the
true state ot the question, and of the real character of the
war in which the Republic is engaged.
Rcsolocd, That the United States ate now giappiing with
an unprovoked and wicked jebeilion, which is seeking the
destruction ot the Republic that it may build anew Power,
who?e corner-stone, according to tho conlosMon of its
chiefs, shall be slavery; that for the suppression of this- le-
bellion, and thus to save the Republic and to prevent the
establishment ol such a Power, the national Government
is now employing armies and fleets., in full faith that thiough
these effoits all the purposes of eonsp'natoisand rebel*, will
be crushed; that while engaged in tin- struggle, on which
so much drpends, any proposition fioin a foreign Power,
whatever foim it may take, having for its object the arrest
of these dibits, is, ju--t in propoition to its influence, an
encouiagement to the icbellion and to its; decluied preten-
sions, and, on this account, i> calculated to piolomi and un-
bitter the conflict, to e.iu-e increased expendmne of blood
mid treasure, and to postpone the much desired day ol peace;
that, with these convictions, and not doubting t int eveiy
such proposition, although made with good intent, is in-
jurious to the national interests, Congress will be obliged
to look upon any further attempt in the same dnectiou as
an unfriendly act, which it earnestly deprecates, to the end
that nothing maj occur abroad to stremrUien Uie icbelhon
01 to weaken those lclutions of good will with loreign Pow-
cis which the United States are happy to cultivate.
Rcsolocd, That the rebellion from its beginning, and far
back even m the conspiracy which piccedcd its outbreak,
was encout aged by the hope of siippou tiom foreign Power-.;
that its chiefs iieqin-ntly boasted that the people ofEurope
were so far dependent upon regular supplies of the great
southern staple that ^oonei orlatei their Governments would
be constrained to take side with I he rebellion m home effect
ive foim, even to the extent of forcible intervention, if the
milder form did not prevail; that the rebellion is now sus-
tained by thi  hope winch eveiy piopo-.ition of loreign in-
terference quicken?, anew, and that without tht.s life-giving
support it hum soon yield to the just and paternal authoi-
ity of the national Government; that, eonsideimg these
things, which die aumnvaied by the motive of tho resist-
ance thus encouraged, the United Slates regret that lor-
eign Powers have nor frankly told the chiefs of the rebel-
lion that the work in winch they are en-raged is hatetul,
and that a new Government, Mich a« they seek to found,
with slavery as it> acknowledged comet-stone, and with
no other declared object of sep.uai" existence, is m> far
shocking to civilization and the moral sen-e of mankind
that it must no! expect welcome Oi recognition in the com-
monwealth of nations.
Resolrcd, That the United States, confident m the justice
of their cau>«', which is the cau->e also of good government
and of human rights everywhere among men ; anxious for
the speedy t estoration of peace, which shall set me tiauquii-
lity at home and temove all occasion of complaint abroad ;
and awaiting with well-a-smed tru^t tiie final suppie^-ion
ol the rebellion, through which all these thing*, re1-cued fiotn
present danger, will be seemed loievei, and the Republic,
one and indivisible, triumphant over its enemies, will con-
tinue to stand an example to mankind, hereby announce,
us their unalterable purpose, that the wai will be vigorously
prosecuted, according to the hum,me pimeiplos of Chris-
tian States-, until fhe i obeli ion ehall be oveicoine ; and they
reverently invoke upon their cause the ble-.<-ings of Al-
mighty God.
HesohcJ, That the Present be requested to tran-mu a
ropy of these lesolution-, tlnouL'h the Seeietary of State,
to the muti-ters of the United States in foreign commies,
that the declaration and piotest herein ?.et forth mav be
e.ommumcan d by them to the Government* to which they :
me accredited.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (II. 11. No. 523)
to promote the efficiency of the eoi ps of enguieeis
and of the ordnance and quartei master's depart-
ments, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Missouri, praying for an ap-
propriation to aid that State in the support of the
loyal militia therein, and to place at the disposal
of the State the proceeds of confiscated property
and forfeited bonds, reported a bill (S. No. 575)
making an appropriation to pay the expenses in-
curred in arming and paying the loyal troops or-
ganized in any State or States the inhabitants of
which may have been or may hereafter be in rebel-
lion against the Government of the United States;
which was read, and passed to a sccond reading.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY, fiom the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred tiie resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the Smithsonian
Institution for the year 1862, reported it with an
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution;
and the reported amendment having been agreed
to, the resolution as amended was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution for 1862, be piintcd,
two thousand for the use of the Smithsonian Institution, and
three thousand for the use of the Senate: Provided, That
the aggregate number of pages contained m said report shall
not exceed four hundred and fifty pages, without wood-c-uts
or plates, except those furnished by the Institution ; and
that the Superintendent of Public Printing be authoiized,
if consistent with the public service, to allow the Smith-
sonian Institution to stereotype the report, at its own
expense, or to otherwise print at its own expense such
additional copies as may be desired from the types set in
the Government printing office.
BENJAMIN T. WATSON.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom
was referred the bill (IT. It. No. 621) for the re-
lief of Benjamin T. Watson, to report it back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage. It
is very shoit, very just, and for a very worthy
man; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
621) for the relief of Benjamin T. Watson was
considered as m Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment of $475, for filling and
grading Virginia avenue between Ninth andTenth
streets, in square three hundred and eighty-five,
under the approval of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, in the year 1852.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. COLLAMKR. I be^ the indulgence of
the Senate for a few moments to consider House
joint resolution No. 63, sent hero from the House
of Repieseutatives last year, and which has been,
perhaps, by me too long neglected. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library, and I am
directed (o report it back with a recommendation
that it pass. I wish it to be considered now. It
relates to the distribution to the members, of some
books, being the remains, the debris of old dis-
tributions lying around in the different Depart-
ments, broken sets and odd volumes, which are
cumbering them up without any use, and mold-
ering away, Jt is merely a resolution to distrib-
ute them to the members.
There being no objection, the j°:nt resolution
(H. R. No. 63) providing for the distribution of
certain public books and documents, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Secretary ol the Interior, and all
other custodians thereof, to cause equal distribu-
tion to be made forthwith, among the members of
the two Houses of the present Congress, of all
books and documents heretofore printed or pur-
chased at the cost of the Government, and not
actually belonging to any public library, or the
library kept for use in any department of the Gov-
enment, excepting, however, all such books and
documents as are embraced m any existing order
for the distribution thereof among the members
of either House of Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, tend the third time,
and passed.
BRANCH MINT AT DENVER.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the joint resolution I reported last
night, enabling the Secretary x)f the Treasury to
obtain a lot for the establishment of a mint in
Colorado Territory.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 132) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to obtain the title io certain property in
the city of Denver, Colorado Territory, for the
purposes of the branch mint located in said place,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
recites that the Secretary of the Treasury, in order
to carry into effect an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish a branch mint at Denver, in the Territory
of Colorado," approved April 21, 3862, has pur-
chased of Messrs. Clark, Gruber & Co., the pre-
emptors and occupants thereof, certain city lota
m the town of Denver, together with all the val-
uable improvements thereon; and that Clark,
Gruber & Co. have not, and cannot nt an early
day, perfect their title to the lots by entry of the
same at the district land office, for the sole reason
that no such office is yet established in the dis-
trict; arid it being highly important to the inter-
ests of the Government to obtain at an early day
the use and possession of the property to estab-
lish and open the mint, it is proposed to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to receive and
accept from Clark, Gruber & Co. such relinquish-
ments and conveyances of the city lots and prop-
erty referred to as the Secretary shall deem safe
arid sufficient in his judgment to secure the ulti-
mate and perfect title to the same in the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The committee propose to strike out the words,
" of the said city lots and property as the Secre-
tary shall deem safe and sufficient in his judgment
to secure the ultimate and perfect title to the same
in the Government of the United States," and to
insert the following:
Of their right or claim to said lots and property as thft
said Secretary shall deem sufficient for the extinguishment
of any claim, right, or title which the said Claik, Gruber
& Co. may or can have theieto, and said lots and property
shall thereafter be reserved from public sale, preemption,
or homestead settlement, and shall remain the property of
tiie United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and the amendment was concurred in. The joint
resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time. It was read the thiid time, and
SIOUX INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unan imous consent to
introduce a bill, of which no previous notice has
been given.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 574) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of depiedations of
certain bands of Sioux Indians,%i approved Feb-
ruary 16, 1863, and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask tho unanimous consent
of thoSenate to consider the bill now. it is merely
to apply the hill passed a few days sinc.p, to depre-
dations committed m the northern part of Iowa
and the eastenj part of Dakota, as well as to depre-
dations committed in Minnesota. 1 think no Sen-
ator will object to it
By unanimous consent the bi II was considered as
in Committee of the Whole;. 11 provides that the
provisions of the act of February 1G, 1803, shall be
applied to all damages sustained by reason of dep-
redations and injuries by the Sioux Indiana
therein set forth, in tho State of Iowa and the Ter-
ritory of Dakota as well as the State of Minnesota.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading, read the third time, and passed.
COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 311. The House of Representatives passed
it with an amendment which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and they reported it
back and recommended concurrence.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 311) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a tempo-
rary government for the Territory of Colorado.99
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concurred in.
MESSAGE„FROM TIIK HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Cleik, announced that the
