THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
i 1
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, 3). C.
Thirtt-Sf.vf,nth Cokgkess, 3d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 2,' 18C3.
New Series..'...No. 86.
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference oil the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S.
No. 407) to fix the terms of the circuit court in the
district of Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 515) to
authorize an increase in the number of major gen-
erals and brigadier generals for the forces in the
service of the United States.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had concurred in the resolution of
the Senate to suspend the 16th and 17th joint rules
for the residue of the session.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 467) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the Government of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 712) to incorporate St. Ann's
Infant Asylum in the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (H. R'. No. 149) for the le-
lief of Kate R. Gaithcr and others.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 27th instant, the following bills and joint res-
olution:
A bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Thomas
Young and George Young, owners of the schooner
Elizabeth Mary;
A bill (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Hanni-
bal Graham;
A bill (H. R. No. 635) making appropriations
for the legislative j executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1864, and for the year 1863, and for other pur-
A bill (H. R. No. 699) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Herman Tuerck; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) authorizing
the Navy Department to allow Paymaster Gilbert
E. Thornton $4,500 in settlement of his accounts
for money stolen from him without fault or negli-
gence on his part.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 731) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1864.
O. B. AND 0. 3. LATHAM.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate nowpro-
ceed to the consideration of the House bill for the
relief of O. B. and Oliver S. Latham.
#The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. It.
No. Ill) for the relief of O. B. and Oliver S. Lath-
am was considered as in Committee of theWhole.
It provides for the payment to Ohadiah D. Latham
and OliverS. Latham of$100,20y 5lJ, m full of their
claim for moneys due them for the erection and
enlargement of the custom-houses at Buffalo and
Oswego.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment in lines eight and nine to stiike out the words
" $100,208 59," and to insert " $74,5«3 37."
The amendment was agteed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and thft amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have some
explanation of this bill. It appropriates a very
large sum of money. I believe the case has been
before the Court of Claims, and the coui t awarded
a much less sum. Is it so?
Mr. CLARK. I will state how that is. This
is a ciaim made by the Messrs. Latham for build-
ing two custom-houses, one at Buffalo and one
86
at Oswego, in the State of New York. The build-
ings were built according to contract in each case,
the contract being according to the plans and the
specificatio ns. When they came to do the work, the
Government contended that the contract called for
a certain kind of work and a very different kind
of woik from what the Messrs. Latham under-
stood. The Government required them to go on
and perform the work, and they did goon and
perform the work. The contract also provided
that the buildings might he enlarged, diminished,
or altered, provided that if they were enlarged, di-
minished, or altered, a new price should be agreed
'on for that poition of the woik.
They went on and built the buildings, protest-
ing against the construction the Government put
upon the contract, and were obliged to expend a
very much largei sum of money than they other-
wise would have been. After the contract was
completed they sued the Government in the Court
of Claims, and the Court of Claims decided that
the Lathams were right on every point but one in
which they claimed that their contract was vio-
lated by the Government. There were five points
on which they and the Government differed. One
was as to the kind of stone they were to get. The
Court of Claims held that the Lathams were not
obliged to get the kind of stone that the Govern-
ment lequired. The next was that ihey were not
to lay the stone upon the quarry bed, but upon
the cant. Some Senators may understand that,
and some not; The Lathams contended that they
mightlay upon the cant, and the Govcrnmentcon-
tended that they must, lay on the quarry bed. The
Court of Claims decided that they should have laid
the stone on the caiuinstead of on the quarry bed,
but they did what the Government required, which
put the Lathams to a very much linger expense.
The next point was in icgard to the unifonn
height of the couises of stone, the ashlar, as they
call it. The Lathams contended that they were
not requiied to lay the stone of uniform height all
around the building, back, front, and sides. The
Government contended that they were. Then the
Lathams contended that they were not bound to
have a vertical bond; that is, to have all ihejoints
and stone come directly over one another. The
Government contended that they were, and the
court decided that they were not—that the Gov-
ei riment was wrong in that pai ticular also. The
Government also claimed that they were bound
to put upon it a certain kind of finish, the patent
ax finish. The court held that they were not
bound to do it.
The Lathams, however, went on, and performed
the work as the Government required; expended
very large sums of money, bankrupted them-
selves, in fact,and were obliged to moitgage their
estate and call in their friends to help theifi to get
through. The contract for the Buffalo custom-
house also provided foi un alteration by the Gov-
ernment; and tlie Government decided to make
the alteration, and Congress authonzed it, adding
twenty-five feet to the length of the house, and
three feet and a half to the height. The Lathams
contended that they were not bound by the con-
tract price as to that work, because the contract
expressly provided that if it was enlarged, di-
minished, or altered, a new price should be iixed
upon, and indorsed upon the contract. The court
held that not to be so; that the Lathams weie
bound to do that additional work according to the
old contiact pi ice.
Th^n the question arose as to assessing the dam-
ages under the rule oft he court. Two of ihejudges
held one way and the thud the other. The court
undertook to assess damages, but the third judge,
Judge Hughes of Indiana,"finding that the assess-
ment of damages was so erroneous m his judg-
ment," refused to have anything to do with it. The
court assessed the damages at nearly thirty-scien
thousand dollars, holding that the enlargement
! was to be governed by the contract price.
|| It went then to the House of Representatives,
j] and the Committee of Claims in that House, be-
ll ing nine in number, carefully examined it. They
t! heard counsel on the part of the petitioners; I do
not know that anybody appeared for the Govern--
ment; but after a thorough examination by a sub*
committee, the committee of the House came to
the conclusion that they should have a hundred-
thousand and some odd dollars for that work.;
The bill went to the House of Representatives ami'
the House passed it. It came here, and I hav#
taken the contract, I have taken the evidence sub-
mitted by the parties, I have examined the case-
more thoroughly than I have examined any other
case this session, and have given a great deal of
attention to it. 1 have not concluded to go so far
as the House of Representatives did. 1 do not
know that they did any more than justice to the
Lathams; but I have followed, in part, the rule
established by the majority of the court, and as to
the enlargement I have followed the rule which
was contended for by the other portion of the
court, and our committee have concluded to re-
port $74,000, which I think is justly due to these
parties.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have great confidence in<
any report that comes from our Committee on-
Claims, but here is a case that was argued before
the Court of Claims, 1 believe, for several weeks;
I think it took two or three weeks to argue the
case before the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not know how long it took
to argue it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It took a great while, and
1 am told the evidence would fill a volume. There
the case was argued by both parties; the petition-
ers and the Government were represented; and
the Court of Claims, after considering the whole
case and giving it their attention, decided that the
claimants were entitled to $34,000. It then goe«
to the House of Representatives, where I am sur3
no committee can give to a claim of this kind the
consideration it receives in the Court of Claims,
where, I understand from the Senator from New
Hampshire, the Government wasnot represented.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know whether they
were or not. I cannot say that they were.
Mr. ANTHONY. And the Committee of
Claims in the House of Representatives reported
a bill raising the damages from $34,000 to §108,000.
Then it comes into the Senate, and the Committee
on Claims here reduce it to $74,000. We have a
great many cases from the Court of Claims here
repoited favoiably, and we do not act upon them.
Mr. CLARK. Not very many.
Mr. ANTHONY. Cluite a number, I think.
Mr. CLARK. Not more than two or three
behind.
Mr. ANTHONY. Here is one actedonfavor-
ably, to be sure, and we are asked to double the
amount of damages the court awarded. 1 do not
know but that it is a just claim, but I cannot say
that I am prepared to vote to pay $74,000 after
the Coui tuf Claims,upon a fullexamination of the
case, have awarded but $34,000. Unless I know
more about it than I do, or more than lean prob-
ably ascertain at this time of the session, I can-
not vote for the bill. I think it ought to have
been brought up long ago.
Mr. CLARK. It is not to be expected that the
Senator from Rhode Island will ever know more
about it than he does know, because I am satis-
fied he will not undertake to examine it, nor will
any other Senator to whom it is not submitted
by order of the Senate. It is quite true that there
is a large mass of papeis, Luger than the two
volumes before me. 1 have waded through them;
I have examined the plans; I have examined the
specifications; I have examined the contracts; I
have examined the proof; I have brought to the
case as much care and attention as I should give
to it if silting on the bench; and I have endeav-
ored to decide it by legal principles. I have not
considered what might be regarded as the broad
equities of the case, and perhaps I have done in-
justice to the parties somewhat in being narrow';
but I do assure the Senator, and 1 assure the other
Senators, that notwithstanding we enlarge the
sum reported by the Court of Claims, we do not
do these men any more than bare justice, and T
desire to call the attention of the Senator to thd
