m
TH5 CONGRESSIONAL Q-LOBI,
far $vhat they would bring in the market. I clearly
saw that we must authorize the issue of Treasury
flutes. I knew that we should have to issue Treas-
ury notes. The Committee on Military Affairs,
therefore, at my suggestion, proposed to amend
t}|£ Bouse resolution by providing for the issue of
$5Q,000,000 of Treasury notes, to pay up the sol-
diers aU over the country to the 1st of January.
- That was our action. We were not asked to
do. thai; and I say here now that when we pro-
jjosetJ to do it, it was not believed to he absolutely
necessary at that time. 1 think the idea was that
Congres.s would enact the great comprehensive
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury to which
I have referred, and enact ii in season 10 pi ovule
means to pay the Army and oiher creditors of the
Government. 1 knew better; and now when it is
proved that the thing has failed, and must have
foiled from the very nature of the case, fur no
paan could have expected us to pass those finan-
cial and currency measures in December or even
iu January, the press of the country declares, and
VS have the same declaration from other and
higher sources, that Congress is responsible. And
the Senator from New Hampshire tells us ihat we
are frittering away our time while our soldu-r^are
suffering. 1 deny it; I repel it. I make no reflec-
tions upon any man in ihc Government, but 1
^ant the facts to go to the nation, that tins Con-
gress is not responsible for the non-payment of
our soldiers. I censure not the Secretary of the
Treasury. I know the va.st butdens pressing upon
him, and the gigantic efforts ho has made and is
making to carry theeomury through this impend-
ingcrisis in public affairs. I question not his mo-
tives, I censuie not his policy, but 1 cannot allow
him, nor any one in the exeeuiive Government,
tohold Congress responsiblefor the want of means
tp pay our soldiers, when Congress was ready to
grant any amount aski d forata moment's notice.
Mi. HOWARD. If 1 understand the Senator
from Massachusetts, it comes to-this, that the
payment of the troops has been postponed from
time to time,involving all the distress which they
have undergone in consequence of the non-pay-
ment, to await the action of Congress upon the
magnificent scheme of finance and currency with
which the Secretary of the Treasury has treated
Congress,. The payment of the troops has been
postponed to await the action of Congress upon
that scheme,
Mr. DAVIS. Postponed by whom?
Mr. HOWARD. The payment lias been post-
poned by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
soldier has suffered during this time in order that
the merits of that great scheme may be tested. I
understand this to be the simple, brief explanation
of the whole tiling,
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Mr. President, I think
that there has been a verv considerable quantity
of unnecessary noise on this subject. The delay,
as I understand it, has been rather a matter of ne-
cessity, arising from the peculiar condition of the
country. When we adjourned in July last, we
supposed that we had made ample provision for
the payment of the troops,and foreverythingelse
that was.necessary. W« had, so far as the pas-
sage of laws was concerned, and the best laws
that we could provide; but after Congress ad-
journed it was found necessary by the President
to call out three hundred thousand men for three
years' service to fill up the ranks of our Army, and
in addition to that the President called for three
hundred thousand militia. As the Senator from
Massachusetts lias stated, the bounties paid to
those troops took a very large sum of money;
and, moreover, it was. thought advisable, as he
has stated, to pay those who were going to a dis-
tance up to a later peiiod than others were paid.
Wheie the mistake was made, in my judgment,
and the difficulty that has arisen, was in this*
that owing to the nature of the business, or the
mode of doing business m the two Departments,
sufficient pains was not taken to pay first those
troops which had waited the longest; and conse- !
quentiy a large portion of the yoops, I do not !
know how many, who had not been paid for some i
months, were postponed for the simple leasoa that !
others were paid sooner, and that the money had !
been applied in the way I have stated, and that '
gave occasion to a'great deal of complaint.
Now, sir, there is no particular faultany where.
Xhe disposition has been good on every side. We
made ample pro vision jasweeupposed; bu t owing
to tlie peculiar condition of the country, and the
necessity of calling out more troops, and the mode
in which the business was done—and that can
hardly be imputed as a fault—it was not possible
to pay all the troops. 1 understand the difficulty
arises in some measure from the mode in which
the business is done. Each paymaster has several
regiments assigned to him. He makes a requi-
sition, and lie gets it indorsed, and he presents it
to the Treasury Department; and the Treasury
Depai tment, as soon as it can, meets that requi-
sition. Very frequently the requisitions from pay-
masters to pay troops who have been paid most
recently, stand first in order, and those in favor
of troops at a distance, and where the paymaster !
is distant, stand later in order; but the mode the
Treasury has adopted, as I understand, is to pay
the requisitions in their order as they are entered
on their books. Perhaps that might be varied to
meet ^peculiarity of the case; Gut in that way
these difficulties have arisen. A considerable num-
ber of troops that had waitt d for months before
are still postponed, while other troops, being more
fortunate, and who had been paid ata later peiiod,
have got money, and those going on expeditions
to a great distance have received money before
they went. Iti that way the means at the com-
mand of the Secretary of the Treasury were ex-
hausted.
I o meet all this, the Secretary had only the
ordinary revenues of the Government coming in,
and what he could get from the issuing of Treas-
uiy notes. Now, sir, Treasury notes cannot be
issued as fast as gentlemen may suppose. Only
a certain number can be executed and issued p< r
day. The power of the D< partment to put them
in circulation islimiied to a certain amount. When
all these things are considered, the business get-
ting before the Department in that way, some ex-
planation of the delay is afforded.
Why should we impute fault to anybody ? Cer-
tainly none attaches to Cong)ess, as the Senator
from Massachusetts has remaiked. The Secre-
tary had only his choice of the means that weje
given hon. He uught issue Treasury notes; but
the amount of Treasury notes tiiat can he issued
is limited. The supply which we authorized is
not yet quite exhausted,although they have been
issued as fast as possible. He ! ad also the power,
as I say, to sell bonds, lie, howevei, put a dif-
ferent construction upon the act from what I did.
I think it perfectly cleai that he had authority to
sell bonds to any amount that he pleases, under
the second act on that subject which we passed
at the last, session. The first act gave him power
to issue Tnasury notes, and also to sell bonds of
the United States for those Ti easury notes or for
com—to dispose oi them, the language of (he act
is, at the market value of the bonds. He con-
strued the language " maiket value" to mean the
quotations on a paiiicular day; but Senauns will
bee that the moment a large amount of bonds is i
put into market, whatever may be the quotations J
on a particular day, they will fail in price, i eon- !
strue it. and have so avowed, that it means,spe-
cifically, that heshallsell them for what lie can get.
When he wants to sell, if the price falls, vety
well: he must suffer the loss. The Secretary of
the Treasury did not so construe it.
Mr. GRIMES. What was the construction 1
here when the law was passed?
Mr. FE^jSENDEN. I can only speak for my-
self; that is the way I understood it, and I think
that is the way the committee understood it, but
the Secretary understood.it otherwise. The law
must be construed from its terms. Before we ad-
journed, however, we passed a law which in my
judgment clinched the matter; 1 allude to the act
givingauthority to issue$150,000,OOOmoreTreas-
ury notes. The closing sentence of the first sec-
, tion of that act is: "and the Secretary of the
I Treasury may exchange for such notes"—that is,
i the notes issued under the act—^ on such terms
as he shall think most beneficial to the public in-
terest,,5^not the maiket value, "any bonds of the
United States bearing six per cent."interest," &c.
I am told—I do not know now true it is—that the
Secretary considers himself precluded from put-
ting that construction on it by the closing section,
winch is:
" Tiiat all the provisions of the act entitled * An act to au-
thorize the i^sueot United States notes, and for the n-demn
tion or funding thereof, and for funding the floating debt of
the United States,' approvedFobruary25, 1662, so tar a>the
same caa or be applied to the provisions-of this-act, I
January 21,
jindi not inconsistent therewith, shall apply to tile notes
hereby uuthonzed to be issued."
I am t-dd that the Secretary of the Treasury
in a communication which I have not examined
particularly—I have not consulted with him on
the subject—holds that this provision, in fact,
brings the enactment of the former law in regard
to the market value into operation o*i this bill. I
am of a different opinion; in the first place, on
account of the language, "and not inconsistent
therewith;" and in the next place, because the
provision is, " shall apply to the notes hereby au-
thorized to be issued," not to the bonds. I think,
therefore, his construction is a misconstruction,
if made on the authority of these two acts.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not wish to interrupt
the S< nator from Maine, but I think the Secretary
places his decision on section four of the act from
which the Senator has just read. 1 call the at-
tention of the Senator from Maine to it, so that- he
may place the Secretary properly before the Sen-
ate. He considers that lie is restrained by that
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That!/, in regard to bor-
rowing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, air.
Mr. FESS15NDEN. 1 do not see that that has
any application to the question. That section is
in these words:
" Tli.it the Secn-tary of the Tn a^nry may. at any time,
until oiht'i wise ordered hvOnitcn and under th" re&n te-
nons imposed by the 'Act to authorize a national loan and
tor otliei purpo-e.-,'borrow, on tne ctxdit of the United
State-s, buch parr of the ^urn of $350,000,000 mentioned in
said act as may nut have been harrowed under tho provis-
ions oi the s-Hine vvttlun twelve months, fiom the oasaoitt
Hereof.'' 1 b
, How that can affect the matter, I am at a loss
to understand.
Mr. WADE. I should Uke to know what is
the question under consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had been
attending to his duties this morning; if he had
been here during one quarterof the day attending
to what was going on, he would not ask such a
question.
Mr. WADE. I think [ have been doing my
duty quite as much as the Senator has, and I think
I have been as laboriously engaged; but f under-
stood the last tiling that was up was the Court of
Claims bill*and wharthathas to do with this cur-
rency question I am at a loss to know If the
discussion is relevant, I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is always
so excessively relevant himself when he gets on
a subject, that he has a i i^ht to call others to order
who get off. I acknowledge that, and shall go
on with what I was saying, unless the Senator
chooses to interfere.
Mr. WADE. I nm glad the Senator thinks
■ it h"u
theie is nothing hut finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator evidently
does not know what has been transpiring this;
morning. Ho knows what the hill is, but he does
not knovv the course of the argument.
Mr. WADE. I do not think anybody knows-
much about it
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those who do not have
not been attending to it; that is all. Now, sir, the
Secretary of the Treasury may have been right,
or he may have been wrong, to reference to the
subject of which I was sptSaking. It is evident
th< t he has decided that he had no power to sell
the bonds. He is responsible for his own decis-
ion. He certainly ought not to be found fault
with for placing that construction on the act. I
coincide with the Senator from Massachusetts in
saying that Congress cannot be blamed in refer-
ence to this matter; nor, in my judgment, is the
Senate or House of Representatives in any way
subj"Ct to rebuke Jrom any quarter, either from
the President or the Secretary or the people, in
relation to it; because, as the Senator has remarked,
the matter was not called to our attention, and we
could not know what the state of the Treasury
was until we were informed of it; win-ther it had
or had not power to meet the demands of the sol-
diers. We cannot come here intuitively knowing
precisely the exact conduion of the Treasury and
what power there is in that quarter to meet the
current demands upon it. We did not even wait
for official information; but when we learned from
the public press and from private letters that the
fact was that the soldiers had not been paid, Con-
gress- took immediate steps to meet that contin-
