426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
it was not favorable; but whether we reported in i
all of them or not, I am riot quite certain; but j
that was at a previous Congress. They went back'
upon the files of the Senate, and are not now be- 1
fore the Senate's committee.
- In regard to the other branch of the question put
by the Senator from Iowa, whether they would
not be allowed by the Court of Claims, or whether
anything would prevent their being allowed under
this bill, I can say that those claimants came to
Congress because it was understood that if they
went to the Supreme Court they could riot be paid,
because there was no protest. If they should come
here again, they would have to go to the Court of
Claims, and then to the Supreme Court, where
they would all be defeated.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator if their going
to the Supreme Court does not depend altogether
under this bili upon the action of the man who
happens to be, for the time being, the attorney for
the United States in the Court of Claims?
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the Senator now re-
fers to the faithfulness of the attorney of the Gov-
ernment. Anybody can see that if the Govern-
ment attorney withdraws, t^hat is an end of the
case on that side; but I will not for a moment sup-
pose that the officer appointed by the Government
to defend 4t against claims is going to be false to
his duty. The Senator from Iowa has no more
right to suppose that he will be false than that 1
shall be false. I suppose we must rely in the Sen-
ate and in the court on the honesty of the men
who administer the justice of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, if I understand the case,
there is nothing standing between the Treasury
and these claims of #4,000,000 or $5,000,000, ex-
cept the honesty of the representative of the Gov-
ernment acting as an attorney in the Court of
Churns. The Senator says that I am not author-
ized to presume that thit man is dishonest; and
yet the whole argument of gentlemen here who
are advocating this Court of Claims or its enlarge-
ment, and theextension of its jurisdiction, and the
finality of its judgment, is that we, the members
of the Senate and of the House of Representatives,
# are more liable to be corrupted than the court and
the attorm y.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, we only assume
that the same credit should be given to a man act-
ing in this capaciiy as in any other. We must
employ men in this capacity, and there is no more
right to suppose they arc false here than any-
where else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the first branch of the proposed amendment of
the Senator from Ohio.
The fii st branch of the amendment was agreed to
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the second
branch of the amendment the yeas and nays have
been requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask whether, before we
act on tln-se controverted amendments, it is not
in order first to dispose of the amendments re-
ported by the committee. Let us get them out of
the way.
The'VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood this to be an amendment to an amendment
adopted in committee, and therefore pertinent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is not an amend-
ment made by the committee.
Mr. SEJERMAN. It was so understood by
me in the first instance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first clause perhaps
was; but the last clause is a separate and inde-
pendent one. 1 care nothing about it except as
to facilitating business; and if the Senator fiom
Ohio wants the vote on it at this particular stage,
I do not object. I think it will be better to dis-
pose of the amendments made in committee, and
then these other amendments can be discussed.
I think th'Te is no objection to the amendments
made in committee. Neatly all of them have
been read, and there has not been an objection to
a single one of them so far. I do not know that
there will be to any of them. There will be prop-
ositions to amend afterwards; and if it meets the
view of the Senator from Ohio, I would prefer
going through with the amendments made in com-
mittee, which have been reported to the Senate,
and let us dispose of those.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the next
amendment of the committee will be read.
The Secretary. Tfie next amendment is in
line eleven of section thirteen, after the word
" claimant," to insert," if a citizen of the United
States;" in line twelve to strike out, " and be made
to appear on the trial;" after the word *' and," in
line fourteen,to insert u whether a citizen or not;"
and at the end of the section toinsert, " which al-
legations may be traversed by the Government;
and if on the trial such issue shall be decided
against the claimant, his petition shall be dis-
missed;" so that the proviso to the thirteenth sec-
tion will read:
Provided, however. That in order to authorize the said
court to render a judgment in favor of any claimant, if a
citizen of the United States, it shall be set forth mthe peti-
tion that the claimant has at all times borne true allegiance
to the Government of the United States, and, whether a cit-
izen or not, that lie has not in any way voluntarily aided,
abetted, or given encouragement to rebellion again-t the
said Government, which allegations may be traversed by
the Government; and if, on the tiial, such issue shall be de-
cided against the claimant, his petition shall be dismissed."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary. The last amendment is to
strike out the fifteenth section, which is m these
words:
SeCv. 15. Jindbcit further enacted, That this act shall
take effect from its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Ohio is now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have the amendments
made in committee been adopted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are all re-
garded as adopted by the Senate. The question
now is upon the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman-,] on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read. It requires
a specific appropriation to be made.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows: After the word "act," in line nine of sec-
tion eleven, insert:
And all claun= allowed by-aid court, which accrued m\
yeais before the parage of Ibis act, shall lie submitted to
Congress, and *hal! not be paid unless a specific appropria-
tion j-hall be made thereto] by Congiess.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas IB, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clmndlei, Davis Doolittle, F  s«etiden,
Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harlan, King, X.ano of Indiana,
Morull, Pomeroy, Rice, Shetinan, VViIlvnison, Wilmot,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Met,sis. Anthony,Arnold, Browning, Ciark, Col-
lamer, Cowan. Dixon, Foot, Foster, Harris, Henderson,
Hicks, Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Powell, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilton ot Mis-
souri—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In section thirteen, line
thirteen, after the word " claimant," 1 move to
insert:
And the original and every prior owner thereof, whore
the claim has been aligned.
So that the clause will read:
It shall be set forth in the petition that the claimant o i-
ginally and every prior owner thereof, where the claim has
been assigned, ha& at all times borne tine allegiance, &c.
The simple object is fl*prevent an assignment
by a Uaitor to a third party.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. 1 have an amendmentto offer as
an additional section:
Jlnd be it fmlher enacted. That no money phall be paid
out of the Trea*uiy tor any claim passed upon by the Court
of Claim" till after an appropriation therefor fkali be esti-
mated lor by the Sceietarv of the Treasury.
Let me sr.y a single,word to explain this amend-
ment. It does not require a specific appropria-
tion for any claim; but it simply requires a gen-
eral appropriation, the meaning of winch is that
if the Court of Claims passes upona large chum,
there shall be a session of Congiess intervene be-
fore it is paid, so that Congress, when they make
the appropriations, may know what they appro-
pi iale for, and that the Secretary of the Treasury
may know how much to estimate for.
Mr, TRUMBULL, i do not think i have any
objection to that. 1 believe it is exactly what the
bill is now; but I should like to hear it read
again. ) believe it is precisely as the bill now is.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to renew the
amendment I moved in committee to one of the
sections on the question of the finality of these
decisions; the Clerk can refer to it. It was to
strike out on the 6th page all after the word "judg-
ment," in the third line, down to " any," m the
twenty-ninth line, on the 7th page, and to insert
before "any" the word "and;" so as to read:
That the concurrence of threeof said judges shall be ne-
cessary to the rendition of final judgment; and any final
judgment rendered against the claimant on any claim, &c.
It is to strike out the remainder of the section;
the effect of which would be to prevent judgment
being final.
The Secretary. In section eight, line three,
after the word "judgment," it is proposed to
strike out the following words 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hardly think it neces-
sary to read that; it is a whole page. The whole
effect of the amendment is to change the feature
of the bill which makes the decisions of the Court
oV Claims final. I think the Seriate understands it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Doolittle, Fess«'uden, Grimes,
Hale, Harding, Harlan, King. Mot rill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sher-
man, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wngiit—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Arnold. Biowning, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davi*. Dixon, Foot. Foster. Hatris Hen-
derson, Hick-'. Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Powell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull; Wade,
and Wilt-on ot Mia&oun—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. fJALE. I offer an amendment as an
additional section:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That no motley shall be drawn
fiom the Treasury by virtue ot any judgment of the Court
ot Claims or ofthe Supreme Court of tlie United States,so
long as any debt incuircd in the pioseeunou ot the war for
the suppression of the present rebellion bhall remain due
and unpaid.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. J move to strike out all after the
enacting clause ofthe bill,and insert as a substi-
tute:
That any person or corporation having a claim againnthe
United State*, such as it is piovidcd mav now be pio*^outed
against the United Slates in the Court ol Claim*. ?iiall here-
after have a right to prosecute the same in the several cir-
cuit and district courts of the United State*, and ttie suit
or claim thus prosecuted shall have day and he heard in
said eomtrf in the same way and manner as suits ot citliens
of one State against the citizens of another State, subject
to such rulesand regulations for the transaction ofbu*iness
in said courts as the judges of the Supreme Couit of the
United States may judge to be neces«$aiy,aud pioper.
I simply want to explain this for a moment.
This amendment simply pmvides that the same
tribunal and the same remedies that are piovided
between citizens of different States shall apply to
suits for claims between the citizen and the Gov-
ernment. It seems to me if the Government is
going to subject itself to lejral process, it ought fo
have the advantage of the highest legal attainment
in the country, and not put the Court of Claims
above the Supreme Court and the seveutl district
and circuit courts. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hale, Harlan, and Wilmot—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Arnold, Biownm?, Chandler,
Clark. Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessen-
den. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harding, Harris, Hemler*on,
Hick*, Howard, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Hire, Sheiman,
Sumner. Ten Eyck. Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson
of Massachusetts, Wihon of Missouri, and W'right—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER.. Mr. President, I wish to ask
the vote of the Senate once more upon the ques-
tion ofjncreasing the number of this couit. The
question was taken, I know, in committee, and I
am not going to take up time except simply to ask
for a vote. The first section provides for the in-
crease of the court by the addition of two judges.
That is all there is in the first section, except that
it provides further (hat the President may appoint
a chief justice for the court. 1 have no objection
jo that; but in order to attain the object, it will be
necessary to move to strike out the whole of the
first section. J move, therefore, to strike out the
whole ofthe first section. If it be deemed advis-
able or necessary at all that a chief justice be ap-
pointed, I have no objection to that aftei wards
being added to the bill. It is hardly nece^-mry to
have it in a section by itself. The mnjoruy was
so small before, that 1 trust on further considera-
tion Senators will be satisfied that there is no ne-
cessity foradding to this couit two judges, increas-
ing the expense unnecessarily, as it seems to me,
