1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it. T what becomes of the militia of the States?
What check is left upon the dangers of centra!
power when the whole military population of the
United States can be and is by an act of Congress
placed under the absolute control of the President
of the United States at his pleasure? How can
such a power be reconciled with the provisions
of the second article of the amendments to the
Constitution, that "a well-regulated militia is
necessary to the security of a free State?" You
render that article nugatory by such legislation,
and yet it is one of the amendments adopted by
the First Congress, and among those which were
meant to restrict the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment; and unless it had been well understood
that this and other amendments restricting Fed-
eral power would be adopted, it is very evident
from the debates in the State conventions that the
Constitution would not have been ratified . This
bill, in effect, nullifies that second amendment,
and abandons that "security for a free State"
which our fathers deemed essential.
Sir, I cannot give such a construction to the
Federal Constitution. With myviewsofthe neces-
sary limitation of power, if liberty is to be pre-
served, such a construction is subversive of our
form of Government; nor can 1 credit that our
forefathers believed, nor do I believe, that for the
purpose of effectively carrying on a republican
Government it is necessary or expedient to give
this immense centralized power to the President,
of entire military control over the population of
the United States. I cannot strike out from the
Constitution those clauses which were intended as
a check upon the dangers of abuse. The dangers
of the abuse of power were so obvious that the
framers of the Constitution determined that the
means of resistance should exist if the power was
attempted to be abused.
Mr. President, I do not say that under this hill
the President will attempt, with the power you
grant him, to use it illegally. No such argument
is necessary. If I thought so, I would not teel the
declaration necessary, unless his acts justified me
in the assertion. 1 would not feel if necessary,
even though I suspected his intentions, to make
such a charge as a Senator. But, sir, it is the
existence of the power to which 1 object. There
is no truth more certain than that power always
endeavors to perpetuate itself. The whole theory
of your Constitution is founded on its limitation;
that it is dangerous to invest great power, and
particularly centralized power, in one man, or even
in any class of men, because of ils corrupting in-
fluence on human ambition. The past history of
the world has told us that no republican Govern-
ment ever yet perished except by military oigani-
zation as the means of crushing it. It mjy be that
the present President of the United States would
be incapable of using this power which you
attempt to grant to him for the purpose of sub-
verting the'liberties of his count! y; but if you set
the precedent, if you establish that power to exist,
who is to tell us whether at a future day, in defi-
mice of that^heck which the Constitution meant
to impose upon the cential Government, an able
butan ambitious man m,iy not override the liber-
ties of his country by means of theentire military
force thus placed under his control? There is no
question that a struggle between the people, if such
a struggle should come from an attempted abuse
of the°power, and organized power sustained by
an immense army, is a very unequal snuggle.
You have seen its issue in France. Univeisal
suffrage exists there in name if not in reality; and
by an election, so far as the forms of election are
conccrned, the present Emperor of Fiance was
elected by a majority of millions. Does any one
suppose that but lor the organized army oi lM'ance,
but for the real power of the pretoiian cohorts,
such a result could have been achieved? Aie we
not men as well as the French.'' Can we not be
made the victims of an able and ambitious man
quite as readily, if you place unlimited power in
his hands, as the Freueh have been.- Are we so
exalted above the infirmities of humanity'' Have
we such wonderful capacity that, when power
comes in the shape of myriads ot bayonets, or-
ganized power, you can be sure that the_ people
of this country can resist despotism it it is at-
tempted? Your forefathers thought not so. Ihey
went upon the principle which all free Govern-
ments must adhere to it they mean to remain ftee,
that man is frail; that power and ambition perveit
his better nature; and that, therefore, no greater
power ought ever to be delegated than is consist-
ent with the liberties of the people. They con-
sidered the limitation of power was essential to
the permanence of Government, and did not im-
pair its strength for any legitimate purpose.
Sir, is not our whole system a system of checks
upon jiowei ? What is the meaning of free gov-
ernment as opposed to despotic government; its
tendency to decentralization as opposed to cen-
tralization? The only.free Government in Eu-
rope, in any sense, is that of England. There
may be some nominal constitutional provisions
adopted in Prussia and some other countries; and
perhaps I should except Sardinia, which has now
a constitutional Government. What is every con-
stitutional Government based upon? Division and
limitation of the powers of government; and that
division and limitation experience has shown is
essential to liberty, because power, absolute pow-
er, vested in one or a few men, atways ends in
tyranny and oppression; such is the frailty of
humanity. The Government of a country mass-
ing all powers in the hands of a single man or a
single body of men, as in the case of the Direct-
ory of France, necessarily ends in despotism. It
is alone by stern and rigid adherence to the divis-
ion and limitation of power that a free Govern-
ment can be maintained, and centralized despot-
ism avcited. In our Constitution we have made
that division and limitation permanent by a writ-
ten law which organized this Union. When its
great principles are departed from, and its rcsU'ic-
tions upon power defied, necessarily there will be
an end of the form of Government which was or-
ganized under it. The approaches of tyranny are
always insidious. There is no safety if the Con-
gress of the United States, the legislative power,
abandons its functions by yielding to the Exec-
utive the uncontrolled dominion over the purse,
the sword, and the judiciaiy of the country. Our
country has no longer a free Government under
such action.
But the limitation of power is as essential in a
republican Government as its division. Who can
doubt that? Power, unlimited, in the hands of a
governing class or a single man, must necessarily
lead to oppression; and though it might be that a
ruler of extraordinai y virtue and extraordinary m-
tellectwouldadniinistei thcaffairs of a nation well
and beneficially to the people, there would be no
security, and therefore our fathers preferred, and
our principles require, that our people should rest
upon limitations of power, and not upon the fal-
libility of individual man when invested with
uncontrolled power. They therefore lelused to
giant unlimited authority; and the whole theory
of your Government demands the limitation of
power to the essential necessities of government,
and the limitations imposed apply alike to war
and peace. This particular limitation, which for-
bids the passage of this bill, though it depends
upon inference and implication, I regard as abund-
antly clear. The entire obliteration of the mi-
litia'of Ihe States is the result of its passage. _ It
involves, also, the destruction of the check in-
tended to.be imposed by those provisions which
require that the States shall appoint the officers
of the militia; that the States shall discipline the
militia; that the militia shall not be under the gov-
ernment of the Piesident until they are in the act-
ual service of the United States. These clauses
must all be stricken from the Constitution to au-
thorize Congress, underthe power to raise armies,
to invest the President of the United States with
power to Ctdl forth at will the whole able-bodied
fighting population of the United States and im-
press them into a regular Army of which he ap-
points the officers, and over which he has abso-
lute military control.
Sir, I have cited the example of England and
the principle of the common law to show that the
power of conscription is unknown to that Gov-
ernment. But I may be told they have exercised
the right of impressment. *1 concede that such
lias been the past action of that Government.
Under the omnipotence of Parliament the author-
ity may be exercised, but it has been confined to
a particular class of persons, mariners alone, for
the purposes of their navy. But Congress is not
omnipotent, but restricted and limited by a written
Constitution, reserving ultimate powers to the
people. We have, imposed not only on the Ex-
ecutive , but onCongrcbS, the restrictions contained
in Magna Charta, ancl also other.and further re-
strictions; and with tile solitaj'jr e5cce.pti.oii of fKe
power of Congress, under certain circumstances,
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas, cor-
pus, which is the summary mode of rodresp-in
case of invasions of individual liberty, thoseliifi.it-
ations of power are as obligatory in a state of
war as of peace. , ,
Mr. President, there is a further objection to
this bill on constitutional grounds. Conceding for
the purpose of the argument that Congress have
the power to raise by conscription armies for tlie
United States, the question arises, does this bill
raise an army? No, sir; it delegates to the Ex-
ecutive the power to raise an army or armies at
will. It delegates to him the power to force, as a
conscript into the regular Army at will, every male
person, capable of active service, between the ages
of twenty and forty-five.
To raise an army you must prescribe the num-
ber of which it is to consist, both as to officers
and men, and provide for its organization in all
respects; and to the Executive belongs the power
and duty to carry your law into effect; but without
an abandonment of the power of legislation,1thd
in violation of the Constitution, you cannot del-
egate to the President the authority to raise and
organize armies at will. Yet by this-bill you direct
enrollment of the entire male population of the
United States between the ages of twenty and
forty-five; and then you delegate the high discre-
tion to the President to force the whole or any por-
tion of those enrolled into the regular Army at will,
as from time to time he may see fitto order, under
the command of officers to be appointed by him-
self. I ask, what is such a delegation of power
but making a dictator of the President of the
United States, so far as the military power of tlie^
country is concerned ?
Sir, 1 cannot assent to this doctrine of delega-
tion of high discretion. You may delegate min-
isterial duties. You may provide for raising an
army, and there may be ministerial duties to be
performed executive in their nature. The enroll-
ment, the draft, are all ministerial; but the right
to conscript, the light to fix the number to be
called out according to the will of the President,
is simply yielding to him the power to raise armies
instead of raising armies yourselves. He may,
under the provisions of this bill, raise armies for
the purpose of carrying on war against the re-"
volted States. lie may also, under the power del-
egated to him in this bill, raise and employ armies
for the purpose of subverting the institutions of
the country. I charge not that such is the inten-
tion; but if George Washington, much as I rev-
erence him, were now President of the United
States, I would not confide to lum such powers as
this bill conveys to the President of the United
States. I believe that the jealousy of the dangers
incident to power is a wise jealousy. Tile past
history of the world should warn us against yield-
ing dictatorial power to any man.
Founded on that jealousy of human frailty, our
forefathers limited power without regard to the
man; butthisact—apartfrom thequestion whether
you possess the power to raise an arm y byconscrip-
tion—is a delegation to the President of the United
States of the power to raise armies without limit-
ation. He may organize his conscripts into regi-
ments, brigades, and divisions, under such officers
as ho pleases to select. The whole available pop-
ulation fit for military service are placed under his
absolute control. He may call two hundred thou-
sand or two million men into service, by conscrip-
tion, and subject them to the rules and articles of
war. He may select alone, if he chooses, those
who approve his policy and are willing to submit
implicitly to all his oiders,even though he designed
to overturn the institutions of his country. .The
principle of military obedience, when embodied in
a large army, is at war with the very existence of
a republican Government. The past history of
the world has demonstrated that republics always
perish by military power, and hence in every tree
country the increase of a standing army is always
watche'd with jealousy. Sir, there is no security
for the continuance of a republic when this jeal-
ousy of military power ceases to exist. The rule
of military organization of necessity is that ofim-
plicit obedience without discussion and without
objection, to obey on one side and to command on
the other. Passive obedience and the exercise of
arbitrary power arc- essential to the discipline and
