THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Edward H. Rollins, Slianks, Sheffield, Shellabarger. Sloan,
Smith, Shivvns, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trowbiiih'e, V;ui
Hom.VrrroPj Walker, Wall, Wallace,Wushburne, Wheel-
er, Albert S. White, Wilsftii, Wind&m, and Worcester—73.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
tabl'e.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on sec-
ending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to yield
tu me, that f may move to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman to mike the motion to postpone the con-
sideration of the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to postpone the mo-
tion to reconsider until the Isi day of August next,
end upon that I move fhe previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGIiAM. That will not give
us ali an opportunity to vote. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLM AN. I demand the yeas and nays
t pon the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered."
The question was putjand it was decided in the
*egativ«—yeas 28, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. B ttlv, Ja^ob B. Blau, Clements, Itos-
coe Conklimr, Conway, Cutler, Dawes, Dunl.jp, Fisher,
Grander, Grider, Gurley, Hall, Uolman, Morton, Lazear,
Lehman, Looting MeK,ni«ht, Mallosy, Menxu^, Noell,
Porter, Smuton, Train, WiuUwoith, Chilton A. White,
and Yeaman—28.
N AYS—Messrs. Aldrioh, William Allen, William J A1
len, Alley, AiH'ona, Ashley. Babbitt, Baker, Ba.Uer, Buklle,
Bingham, l.nfiinton, llurnh.un, Calveii, Casey, Chamber-
laui, Clark. Cobb,< ol h\, Frederick A. Conkluig, Comma,
Cos, Crfctield, Duel I, l)unn,Edi erton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Euuhsh, Fenton, Hamu< I C. Fc=*enden,Tnoin.t> A. D Fes-
sen den, Frauk. Uaight, ILirdnij;. tlarrisam, Hickman Hoop-
er, Hutching, John •on. Julian, K'lley, Francis VV. Kellowg.
William K"Uo}£g, Knapp. Lansing, Law, Learv, Lovo)«\j
Low, McPhetson, M iynard, M  elie||, Moorhead, Alison
P Morrill. Ju tin S. M-orriH, Morris-.Nixon, Noble, Norton,
Nu en, Odell, P.ttton, Perrv, Timothy G Phelps Pike,
Pomeroy, Poftei, John II. ttiee, Uolunson, Edwatd If. Rol-
lins, Sed-jwtck, Segnr, Shanks, Sheffield. Shellabargei,
SUiel, Sloan, Smith, Spauldina, William G. Steele, Ste-
ven:*, Stile*. Benjamin F. Tnnmas FianeisThoirne-, Tum-
ble, TiowbiWs e, Vutlundiglmiri. Van Horn, Verret, Vooi-
hees, Walker, Wall, Waiinef, W.islibuine, Wheeler, Wha-
loy, Albert 3. White, WiekhfF1, Wilson. Windom, Wood-
ruir, Woiec'^ter, am} Wright—105.
So ihe motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Dunn? (he e,>]( of the roll,
Mr. SHEFFIELD stml; I w ish tosaythatmy
colleague, Colonel Browne, id with his regiment.
Mr. VVAsiHBURNE. I move the previous
question upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. COX. I move to iay upon the table the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That motion has been
once made, and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Business has since inter-
vened, and the motion is in order.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded;and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HO-LMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon tiie motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House passed the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. T call for
the reading of the resolution which was passed.
The resolution was rea-d, as follows:
Resolveil, That William VawWer lias not b°en entitled
to a seat as a member of flu?. House fine he was mustered
into ihe mihtaiy^eiviee of the United States a-  c«i|ou< I of
the ninth icghnmt Iowa volunteermiaiiuy, to wit: since
the 24th day of'Septem!":!, A D- 1861.
Th* question was pit?; and it was decided in
the^ffirmative—yeas 70, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—-Me>srs. Aldi ich. Arnold. Ashley. Babbitt, Raker,
Ee.iman, Bingham, Blake, Cuffinton, Chamberlain, Claik.
Coliax, Cutler. Uavi-, Dut-li, Dunn, Kd^erton, Ehot, Wyi
Fenton, Samuel V,. Fes-enden, Fwli-r, Frank. Goodwin.
Gurley, flaie, Uarusoii, Lhektnan, Hoiton, llutchin>, Ju
iian. K'.'iiey, Ftanow W. William Keiloy. Lm-
ssnL5, Lovcjuy, Low. Maynard, Mooihead, An-on V. Mor-
rill, Justin S. Morrill, Olin, Timotnv G Plielp^. Pike,
Pomerm , Potter, John fl. Hiee, Uuidle', Edwnid II. Rollins,
SedL'wiek, Shank-, Slieftii Id, Sloan, Simih, Spauldtn'*,
Stevens, Benjamin F- Thomas, Tumble,Tmwbrid e, Val 
Horn, V'-riee, Walker, Wall, Wailaee, Wa hlairnc,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson. Wmdoni.and Woree.s-
ter—>70.
NAYS—Mes.-r^. William Allen, William J Allen, liax-
terjBuldle, Jacob G. Bhur. Buiuham, Calvert, Clem-nts
Cobb, Frederick A. CouUiimr, Ro>coe Coukhntr, Convvav
Coriking, Cox, UrumJd, Dawes, Uelaplaiiu , Duhlap. Ena-
Hsh, Thomas A. D. Fes-enden, Gsang"!', Grider, llaight,
Ha^f, Flitrdmg, liohnan, Hooper, .fohnson, Knapp, Ijaw,
Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, McKnighr, MePhejson,
Mallory, Menzlos, Nixon, NoWe, Norton, Nujren, Odeil
Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Robiudon, Sej ar, Sheilabar?er,
8^eis Willlaio G. St«ejefam««^tr «ton, Francis Thoraac?,
Train, Val1andi« ham, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wad>worth,
Chilton A. VVlnte, Wickhffe, Woodruff', Wright, and Yea-
man—64.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I now move to postpone
the consideration of the resolution until the 3d of
March next, and upon that I demand the previ-
ous question.
Mr, DAWES. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment, in order that I may be heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE. t will leave that to a
majority of the House to decide.
JVIr. DAWES. I want to know of the gentle-
man if he declines to yield that courtesy to the
chairman of the committee which made this re-
port ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not decline to yield
it at ail, but 1 am willing to leave it to the majority
of the House. I ask for tellers on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Washburne were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 66.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the pievious question.
Mr. DA VVES. The question before the House,
Mr. Speaker, is a simple one. it is one involv-
ing no difficulty as to a man's duty in the House.
It is a question of construction of the Constitu-
tion and the law of the land. I am not here to
lecture anybody for differing with me,upon that
question. I hold everybody's rights upon that
point to be the same as my own. I accord to every-
body the same sincerity of conviction that I en-
tertain myself upon this point. I do not propose
to retugue the position upon which the resolution
of the committee is bused. I have heard in this
House no woid from any one questioning the
soundness of the doctrine that a gentleman occu-
pying & seat upon this floor and accepting a mili-
tary appointment undcrthe PresidentoftheUnned
States docs thereby vacate his seat in the House.
The only question upon which 1 find myself un-
fortunately at this moment differing with my
friends here is upon the question whether, with
this full conviction, with the positive conviction
in all oui minds that such is the fact, we are dis-
posed to treat it as a question of no sort of mo-
ment; as a question of so little concern that, while
we cannot say honestly as members of this House
that this resolution is not founded upon the strict
law and the Constitution, it is of no such import-
ance as requires us to adopt it. It is to that point
that I desire in all kindness to ask the attentiun
of my fellow-members for one single moment.
It is not because I find a disposition to differ
with the committee upon a report which they have
happened to make. I have no feeling about that,
and have no complaint to make on that score, it
is because I feel that this House is not looking
with sufficient seriousness a d candor to an im-
portant principle. It is because I foresee that in
the evil times that are upon us this action of the
House to-day is to be quoted as a precedent in
the control of this House by a power that shall
render us literally slaves. It is not because I have
any desire to affect the rights of any member of
this House by any vote or any resolution, it is
because when this question is brought fairly and
squarely to a vote in this House we are not will-
ing to take the responsibility of voting according
to our convictions. That is why I have sought
ihe floor, and that is all I desire to say to my fel-
low-members upon this question. If there is any
member who doubts about the soundness of the
basis upon which this resolution rests, it is his
duty to resist it. If gentlemen will not consider
it lecturing anybody here, allow me to say, in all
sincerity, and with an earnestness some what com-
mensurate with my convictions of the importance
of this question, that I do not feel, as one, that 1
can by any such considerations as are urged upon
me of the hardship upon certain members here,
assert by any indirection of vote what my own
convictions of the Constitution and its require-
ments will not permit me to vote directly, i urge
upon my fellow-members to consider for a mo-
ment that they are making history in the life of
the House of Representatives, m the constitu-
tional basis of the House of Representatives. It
is not the right of one man to a seat that we are
now establishing a precedent about, but it is the
right of us all to seuts here; not merely the
right to sit in cushioned chairs under this roof,
but the right of representing our constituents here
freely without an overawing power abov^ us,
without recognizing the right of an Executive at
the other end of the Avenue to enter this Chamber
and interSn-e in the free exercise of our functions-
as legislators.
Sir, 1 have desired to avoid this very hour. I
foresaw it at the last session, i have approached
the raising of this question before the House with
great reluctance, i have put it off just as long as
I could consistently with my duty. I have at last
brought it before the House,, and the House yes-
terday passed upon the question whether a mart
could hold two incompatible offices in the face of
the Constitution, and they asserted their own in-
dependence here. But, sir, it was a hard vote,
it is all the more to be commended as an assertion
of our independence of the Executive, yet it was
a hard v  te. Butare we to take it all back to-day?
Are we to take it back to-day because of some
mysterious influence which has been settowoik
in the last twenty-four hours, originating I know
not where, nor do I care. Sufficient for me is it
that I see its presence in this Had, and I protest
in the name of an independent constituency to-day
against our yielding to the influence of us pres-
ence here.
I protest against our saying that we are yet at
the feet of the Executive. Sir, we are clothed
with power by the Constitution itself to protect
ourselves against these encroachments, in the
frame of Government which we are struggling at
this moment u> preserve, oui fathers threw mound
us the shield of the Constitution, and if we are-
not willing ourselves to protect ourselves beneath
its ample folds, but will willingly throw away its
protection, then it does not make much difference;
but i will stop all hypocritical cant in regard to
the provisions of the Constitution, I will sing no
more hosannas to the Constitution of the United
States when 1 cannot uphold ali its provisions,
those that are unpleasant and disagreeable and
hard tn their fulfillment as well as those that are
more acceptable. I do not hold myself, here on
this ilooi, permitted to sort out the requirements
and obligations of that sacred instrument and say
which and what of them I will obey, and which
and whatof them—by indirection or by any other
process known to human ingenuity—i will avoid,
and give the go-by to; much less will I commit
suicide here upon this floor, and by the aid of my
vote crucify my own independence. Therefore,
sir, it is that I have raised my voice here at this
moment, not because I eare one copper whether
a report from my committee be sustained oi not,
but because the putting down of this resolution,
the giving it the go-by here and at this time, is a
public announcement to the country that the Ex-
ecutive can come in here und hold us to double
duty incompatible with our functions upon this
floor.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question. I have nothing
to say m regaid to his vindication of himself, as
he is now doing, as to his constitutional duty; for
that he has a right to do; but I wish to know
whether he includes ail those who vote contrary
to him upon this subject among those whom he
speaks of as uttering hypocritical cant about the
Constitution und us provisions, and as being sub-
ject to the Executive in regard to their votes upon
this question ?
iVHfc DAWES. If the gentleman had done me
the honor to listen to what I said, he would have
observed that I stated that it was the duty of every
member, who did not believe m the soundness of
the basts upon which this resolution rested, to
vote against it; that I had heard no man upon this
floor question the soundness of that conclusion;
that on yesterday we asserted by a two thuds
vote, when we were first called upon to vote, that
it was a sound doctrine; that from some myste-
lious influence of the past night, without ques-
tioning the authority of it, we are disposed to-day
to give it the go-by. I did not impute to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, or to any gentleman, that
he had been guilty of hypocritical cant, I said
distinctly that I would indulge in no hypocritical
cant about 'he Constitution, and sing no hosann'as
to it, unless I were willing to obev all its injunc-
tions, as well those which were disagreeable and
