1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
wise enough to undertake to make governments
or constitutions.
It is true that in this country we undertook to
reserve certain powers for particular and local ad-
ministration in the States, but we intended to con-
fer upon the Federal Government the power to
maintain this nation intact. There can tie no mis-
take about that. Such was the opinion of the mas-
ters of the old days of the Republic. It is so re-
ported to us in all the masters that have left the
record of their views in the Federalist. It is diffi-
cult for me to understand how it can be doubted,
except hy some person whose logic overcomes
his directness, that government involves I he power
to govern. There is no question that there was
intended to be power enough. Now, either the
masters who undertook to establish this Govern-
ment were mistaken or the Senator from Delaware
is. I have thought, with my best consideration,
that they weie rightand he wrong. Thequcstion
is one of intention, and I think they really did in-
tend to establish a Government, and they said
what they thought with the best and most exact
power of expression that has obtained, so far as
I have been able to observe, since Lord Bacon.
They did intend to establish a Government, both
foundation and superstructure, and that involves
necessarily the power to command all the forces
that are necessary for its own maintenance; and
that is all there is in this measure. This Govern-
ment has the power, and my regret is that it was
not exercised a long time since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware to indefinitely postpone the bill, with
the amendments.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TURPIE. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the pending bill; I shall vote for its indefi-
nite postponement; not because I am willing to
strip the Executive or the Government of any le-
gitimatepower; notbecausel am willing to slacken
for a moment any effort on the part of the nation
for the suppression of those now in revolt against
its authority; but because 1 think the legislation
unnecessary and unconstitutional.
Senators have asked, why should there be any
opposition to this Bill ? They have asked of our
side of the Chamber, " are you ready now to give
up the contest; if you are willing to prolong it,
how can it be piolonged without military force of
some character?" Let me answer that question
by asking another. Has the legislative ingenuity
of mankind been entirely exhausted m this effort
of producing Senate bill No. 511.'' Has the legis-
lative wisdom of this body been entirely exhausted
in that effort? There are some provisions of the
bill that I should favor, if the wheat could be win-
nowed from the chaff. Its author is certainly en-
titled to great credit as a compounder of simples.
For instance, here is a provision encouraging the
reeiihstnientof volunteers r.ow in service. I have
no possible objection to that. I do not believe
there is a Senator m this body who would object
to it, because if we are to have soldiers we had
better have old soldiers than new ones; if we are
to have armies we had better have those who have
been disciplined, who have stood the rigor of the
campaign, than men who are entirely unaccus-
tomed to the hardships of camp life.
There is another provision here against the dis-
position by a soldier or an officer ot his clothing,
of his equipments, of any of the furniture which
he may have obtained from the Federal Govern-
ment for military purposes. Certainly I do not
wish to oppose that, nor do I believe that it wili
be the subject of opposition by a single Senator
upon this floor. But I do say that the military
force of the Government can be used and is am-
ple and sufficient without any further legislation
whatever, and especially such legislation as is pro-
posed in this bill. The strides towards despot-
ism always jump the rights of the States and the
people. Here is a plain attempt to obliterate one
step which has always heretofore been observed
and regarded; a step that has always been taken
in calling into the field the military forces of the
Republic. It belongs to history that armies here-
tofore have been raised by requisitions of the Ex-
ecutive upon the authorities of the States. The
militia of the States have b«n called into the field
by that means, and by no other. _ When the Re-
public was invaded, and when this capital was in
cinders, th<* military forces of the country were
called into the field in this manner. _ We have
prosccuted two or three wars so far without such
legislation. We can prosecute this also without
there being any necessity for it. It belongs to
history that when a requisition is made upon the
authorities of a State, they may either fill it or
decline to do so.
fn the war of 1812 the State which the Senator
who introduced this bill represents, the State of
Massachusetts, misled and misguided, as I think,
by the genius which presided over the Hartford
convention, refused to furnish her quota for car-
rying on that war. In the war with Mexico some
of the New England States also refused and de-
clined. I say nothing now as to the merits or de-
merits of State action. In this war the authorities
of Kentucky and Missouri refused and declined
to obey the requisition of the President of the
United States, and so did the authorities of other
States. I put it to Senators that it is a part of the
history of the sountry that such action has been
taken, such requisitions have been made, and they
have been declined and refused. It is a part of
the constitutional law of the country that a requi-
sition must be made on the State authorities by
the national Executive for military forccs within
the control of the States. Senators talk about the
militia of the United States. There is no such
thing in existence. The militia belongs to the
States.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to put to the Senator
from Indiana a question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana give way to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. TURPIE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly the cases to
which the honorable Senator alludes were cases
of very great and serious inconvenience to the na-
tion. Certainly it is a great inconvenience to the
nation that any State should refuse to supply its
quota of militia when called for to defend the coun-
try. 1 desire to ask the Senator from Indiana
whether he wishes, by his vote, to continue that
inconvenient state of things, and to put it in the
power of a State Legislature, loyal or disloyal, to
say to the Government of the United States," you
shall not have troops from this State to carry on
the war;" or does he intend rather, as I think a
patriot ought to do, to enable the Government,
under the power to raise and support armies, act-
ually to do so for the purpose of putting down the
rebellion, and, if necessary, to do it in defiance of
the State Legislatuies that may happen to be dis-
loyal? I wish to remove this inconvenience, and
I think this bill effects it.
Mr. TURPIE. The inconvenience, if it exists
at all, of which the gentleman complains, is sim-
ply a want of constitutional power, which Con-
gress cannot remedy. Let the Senator from Mich-
igan consult the debates which took place at the
time of the formation of the national Constitution,
that Constitution which he professes to regard,
and which I will say he is bound to obey. He will
find that at that very time it was there discussed in
that body as to whether the power to enroll and or-
ganize the militia included also the power to call
them into the field. It was decided against his
view. He asks if I am willing by my vote to place
it within the power of the authorities of a State to
refuse troops. I answer, I am not willing by my
vote to place it within the power of the national
Executive to violate the Constitution or to take
any steps not contemplated by those who founded
the Government. I am not willing by legislative
action here in the Senate to grant any powers to
the Geneial Government not already conferred
upon it. On the contrary, I say that if powers are
to be given, if additional powers are to be con-
ferred, Ihey must be granted by the action of the
States according to the Constitution. I am awaie
that the Senator takes a different view. He will
insist upon the war power, or upon the war neces-
sity. Sir, 1 do not think tite Executive has any
more power orsbould haveany more power under
the Constitution in time of war or on account of
war, than he would have on account of pesti-
lence or famine, orany other curse with which the
country might be afflicted. My vote, or the Sen-
ator's,'to confei upon the Executive an unconsti-
tutional power would be a nullity, as the power
itself would bp a usurpation.
Mr. HOWARD. I must be allowed to correct
the Senator from Indiana. I did not place it upon
the ground of military necessity. I place jt upon-
the plain language of the Constitution, which de-
clares that Congress shall have power to raise artd
support armies. The object of raising and sup-
porting armies is to carry on war, I suppose.' ,
Mr. TURPIE. Mr. President, I am opt deny-
ing the power of Congress to raise ana support
armies. I am not granting that that is the object"
of this bill. It is not in this bill that Congress
shall raise and support an army. This bill is the
prescription which Congress, as a druggist, fur-
nishes to the President as the physician for na-
tional evils, merely a direction; it does not pro-
pose to do, bt# to ^authorize another to do that
which we shrink from the responsibility of at-
tempting ourselves. It does not come within the
language used in the Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the Senator, then,
how Congress is to raise armies unless by the in-
termediation of an agent, the President or some
other functionary, to carry out its will? Are we
to open a recruiting office m this Chamber and in
the House of Representatives, and appoint the
PresidentofthcSenateortheSpeakerofthe House
of Representatives as the officer to carry on that
sort of business ? Is that the mode the Senator
would resort to to raise armies?
Mr. TURPIE. You would get very few re-
cruits if you did.
Mr. HOWARD. Is that his mode of the con-
struction of the Constitution?
Mr. TURPIE. There is no difference between
myself and the Senator from Michigan in regard
to the power of Congress. He asks me, how shall
Congress raise armies? How did Congress raise
the ten regiments ? How did they raise any other
force in former wars? By,simply authorizing the
President to make requisitions on the States, or
by an increase of the regular Army in the usual
mode. There has been no other manner since the
commencement of the Government. But certainly
the Senator has less shrewdness and less acquaint-
ance with the constitutional history of the coun-
try and the organic law of the Republic than I
o-ive lum credit for, if he cannot sec the distinction
between all former legislation on the subject of
the military forces and that embraced in this bill,
reported and recommended by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
But suppose the bill were legitimate and con-
stitutional of itself. Suppose we had the power
at one step to obliterate the authority of the States,
to blot out all there is in local constitutions on the
subject of militia. In my State, although Indiana
is like the kingdom of Bohemia, not bounded by
the ocean or by any vast body of water on either
side, yet the Governor is commander-in-chief or
the land and naval forces of that State. I ask, what
power has the Governor of Indiana or any other
Governor as a military commander under the pro-
visions of this bill ? That power is destroyed; it
is wiped out; there is nothing leftQf it whatever.
The President of the United States is empowered
by Congress not only with the authority of en-
rolling and organizing the militia, but officering
the militia, providing for their payment and term
of service. Is there any possible military action
which is not placed directly within the power of
the President of the United States? What other
authority remains to be exercised by the Governor
of the State of Indiana? I do not know whether
the people of Illinois have clothed their executive
with similar authority. I believe that in all the
States the chief executive officer, the Governor,
has been heretofore the commander-in-chief. ^ It
seems that that constitutional provision existing
in ali the States of the Union is to be wholly dis-
regarded, and that the President of the united
States is to be made a military dictator.
1 am not willing to believe for any purpose that
it is necessary to take this step. The people, not
the President, will save the Republic. I know
that the tendency of this measure, its direct con-
sequences, arc disclaimed by Senators on the othef
side of the Chamber. But, sir, let me tell you
and history will bear me out in the assertion
the workman is known by his tools; the chnrac-
 cr is defined by the instrumentalities made use
of to form it. Let me ask you, what tools have
■been furnished the piesent Executive by his par-
tisans? I am willing to give the Executive credit
for candor, for patriotism, for a love of truthand
justice; but let me tell you, if, under this billand
