1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
unacceptable to me as those that wore more ac-
ceptable. if that hurts the feelings of my kind
friend from Indiana, I am sorry.
Sir, the country is looking on to know what this
means; and I propose to put it 011 the record that
it means just this, and only this: that while we
believe just exactly what that resolution asserts,
and while we feel, with perhaps two or three
exceptions, that we cannot conscientiously vote
against it, still, because of its hardships on ti few
members of the House, we will give it the go-by.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that if he means by his remarks to include
all on this side of the House, he should, in jus-
tice, except one, at least, from the charge that he
makes. 1 do not usually rise when members are
lectured; for it is enough for me to taife care of
my own vote. But when it is threatened to put
011 record that those who have voted, as many of
us have done, to give the matter the go-by rather
than vote positively and squarely according to their
opinions, I wish to declare, so that it may also go
on the record, that from the investigation which I
have given to the matter, I believe that the fact of
a man holding an office from the Governor of a
State is not incompatible with the right to hold a
seat on this floor. In that view I shall vote when
the question comes up; and in every vote that shall
tend to sustain that proposition, I shall vote that
the member from Iowa is legally entitled to his
seat, and I shall so vote. At an catly day of the
present Congress 
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker,I will claim my
right to the floor, as the gentleman has made his
explanation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to explain
what the record is on this subject.
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield further.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I merely wish
to say that,according to my recollection, we had
a vote to lay on the table, at an early day of this
Congress, a resolution involving precisely the
«ame principle.
Mr. DAWES. I am not here to lecture the
member from Illinois, or any other member of the
House. I assert thai he and eveiy other member
of the House has quite as many rights and quite
the same rights as I have; and I have quite the
same rights as he has to express my views here.
And I wish to say to him, iji reply, that no person
asks him to vote that the accepting of an office
fioni the Governor of a State would deprive a
member here of his right to a seat. If that is all
the investigation which he lias given to the sub-
ject before he announces his determination to vote
on it, all that I have to say is, that he is quite in
fault. I merely wish to say, and to put it on the
record, entirely without reference 10 the gentleman,
that the attempt is made here to-day to evade the
passage of the resolution, because of its special
Hardships, and not because of the unsoundness of
the resolution. I submit, sir, that that is no
measure of my duty. I am speaking for myself
now. 1 am anxious to put on the record heie,
that, having endeavored, as well as I mi<*ht con-
sistently with my duty, to avoid a vote on this
question, without avail, I am not to measure my
duty by the standard that it is a hard one to per-
form, as it affects the right of other members to
their seats here, if it be true that not this member
alone, but that others have pur theinseLes ni a
position where the Executive can take them out
of this Hull, even while they are deciding on tins
question, it is to me only a reason mui« why v.*e
should take an early opportunity of asserting our
independence by declaring, as we seek to do in
this resolution, that he who puts himself m that
position makes his election no longer to serve in
this House, for the Constitution has declared that
he cannot serve two mas u rs. He must cleave to the
one, and he will assuredly be obliged to part com-
pany with the other. And, sir, it is because this
action of to-day leaves us proclaiming to the- world
iliat we will not hold ourselves independent of the
Executive, that I, for one, declare that it is not
consistent with my idea of duty, and that i can-
Bot'thus sort out and select which of the obliga-
tions of 1 he Constitution I will perform, and which
obligations I will leave to take care of themselves.
I will cease, ijf I ever indulged in it, any hypocrit-
ical cant, cease singing hosannas to the Consti-
tution of the United States, while! am either afraid
or unwilling or hesitate to perform all of tiie ob-
ligations which it imposes upon me.
One of those duties—and not the least of them
here—is to assert my independence, and to assert
the independence of this House; and not, by this
indirection, to postpone this vote, first to beyond
the legal existence of the Congress itself, after-
ward wheeling around when that was found to
accomplish a positive assertion of our independ-
ence. I cannot wheel around in the face of the
House and of the country and say that, although
i have by accident, and because I did not know
it, asserted that I will perform these obligations, I
will change my vote, and postpone the question to
the last day of the session. I will not attempt to
stifle any one who desires to discuss the independ-
ence of this House on a question pending, perti-
nent to such a discussion.
Mr. BY1NGTON, (contestant.) Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts allow me?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir. I am merely giving
the reason why I cannotevade a vote on this ques-
tion. Mr. Speaker, I have occupied the attention
of the House longer than {intended when (sought
the floor. I thank a majority of the House for
giving me the opportunity of just saying this
much. 1, of course, have no desire to control or
influence any other vote in the House. It is none
of my business to discover the motives that actu-
ate other men. I have only desired to say that the
discharge of my duty was plainly before me. J
now call the previous question on the motion to
postpone.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous question
will not ho seconded.
Mr. DAWES. I have no desire to force it if
any member wants to discuss the question. 1
withdraw the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will yield for a mo-
ment.
Mr. ItOSCOE CONKLING. 1 object to that.
If the floor is to be yielded, let it be yielded
entirely.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 desire to occupy the
attention of the House only for a few moments,
in reply to tne lecture which my friend from Mas-
sachusetts has administered to this side of the
House. As I have participated to some extent
in these proceedings, 1 claim the privilege of say-
ing one word. My position in this whole matter
is consistent. When the question came up yes-
terday 1 desired that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts should yield to me that I might move a
postponement of it to the thnd Tuesday in Feb-
ruary. I had no desire then, 1 have no desire now,
to shirk any issue or any vote in this House on
this or any otherquestion. 1 desiied then, and I
desire now, to meet this question and to you: upon
it; and it is vei y likely that I shalI vote in the end
in the same manner * s my friend from Massachu-
setts. But I could not fail to lemember that ihe
same vote which, by the decision of the Chair,
expelled Colonel Vandever from his seat in this
House—my nearest neighbor not only at home,
but in this House, for when here he occupies the
seat by my side—would also expel many other
members of this House of both parties. 1 be-
lieved that theie was no great pressmg_ public
interest that demanded u hasty vote on thi^ques-
| tion, I behoved that no number supposed that
: the contestant here had the least shadow (if a light
j to the H'-at, and that he was suffering in that re-
| gard. Plrnce I desired that we might have all
'..the time possible to consider this great constitu-
tional quessiion, which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts states we want to shirk. I do not know
where the gentleman gets the i ight to leoture any
member on this side of the House. I tell him that
1 there are great differences of opinion on this con-
i stitutiona! question. My colleague, [Mr. Kel-
! logg,] who 13 the gentleman's peer as a lawyer
: and as a judge, has stated in this debate his con-
1 viction that the gentleman fiom Iowa is entitled
i to his seat, and that whenever that question comes
up he shall vote to sustain him m his right to hold
a seat on this floor, i therefore tell my fiiend
from Massachusetts that there is an honest differ-
ence of opinion among members in regard to the
constitutional question involved in tins cuse.
My friend speaks of mysterious influence.
What, sir, is that mysterious influence? 1 wdiHd
like to kimw. He speaks ut voting against mir
convictions. Where is the man m-re who
voted again&t his convictions as a man, anu as a
member of this House representing an independ-
ent constituency? Who will say or admit that,
acting upon all the responsibilities of his oath au
a Representative, he has not followed his convic
lions? If theie be such a man here, he is unwor-
thy of a seat in this high place of honor. -
He speaks of going at the feet of the Executive
What Joes my friend mean by that? How is tht*re
an executive influence here? What member of
thjs House has crawled at the feet of the Exec-
utive in reference to any question of this kind?
Where is the man who has gone to the White
House to consult the Executive in relation to his
action in this House? I feel authorized for every
member on this side of the House to repel any
suggestion that he has been in any way influenced
by the Executive, or has consulted with the Ex-
ecutive as to how he shall act or vote in this case,
or in any other. My friend says, the influence
of the Executive is in this Hall. Where is it?
What is it? I submit that it is hardly fair for the
gentleman to get up and make these statements,
so damaging to the character of the American
House of Representatives, unless he gives us some
evidence of the fact. I trust that he would not
make such an assertion without having the evi-
denceof its truth; and I trust he will now give ua
the evidence which he may have.
Mr. DAWES. The argument which I made
was, that if I cast a vote as was suggested here,
under the circumstances mentioned, I should con-
[1 aider myself as bound down at the feet of the Ex-
ecutive; and I beg to suggest to my friends armind
l) me thatsuch a vote would have no other construc-
tion before the world. That is the evidence 1 have.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I undeistood my friend
to speak of the influent e of the Executive in this
Hall, and to say that it was that influence which
had wrought a change in the votes of members
here. The gentleman did not mean me, because
he will bear me witness that my course ha-9 be* n
consistent in this matter.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will nottindm
my remarks any such intimation. My aigument
was that the Executive held you in its power by
these appointments, which he seemed to have a
right to multiply in limine, and that you would
have no power to resist. That was my argument.
I did not say nor intimate that the Executive had
influenced the vote of any mah here.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not understand
that. My friend here from Iowa bears Ins com-
mission under the broad seal of Iowa, and not
from the President of the United States. The
gentleman appeals to us, and tells us that the
country is looking on, and he cautions the inde-
pendent representatives of the people to beware
how they act. Sir, let the country look on as
much as it pleases. I vote in accordance with
my convictions of right; and if the country does
not agree with me, why it is a misfortune to the
country. [Laughter.] Yes, sir, let the country
look on. Let the country look at the motives
which actua e me; and 1 confess that one of the
motives by which I am actuated .in my vote upon
this question is, that when 1 see men about me
who, instead of sitting here with my fiiend from
Massachusetts and myself, in these " cushioned
chairs" which he has spoken ot, have taken their
lives in their hands and gone upon the tented
fit Id; when I see these noble and brave-minded
men, I have a feeling for them; and if the coun-
try condemns that feebnsr I cannot help it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to say a word ?
Mr. MORRILL.of Maine. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not object.
Mr. DAWES. 1 only wanted to ask a single
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object because
objection was made on the other side to interrup-
tions. If they will withdraw their objections 1
will withdraw mine.
Mr. DAWES. I merely wanted to ask a sin-
gle question in a word.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, sir, I have but a
word further to say. My friend from Massachu-
setts spoke—and i presume he intended to hit me
