,430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
in a good-natured way, because he could not hit
jrfe in any other way—of an attempt to "stifle
discussion" upon this floor. Why, does not my
friend know that he had the floor all to himself
without interference*, that he had talked upon this
case yesterday as long as he desired; that he had
said everything that ho desired to say, everything
that he deemed necessary to say; and there was,
therefore, no particular necessity of his enlarging
upon the matter here to-day; and I left it for the
Hoijse to say, by a majority, whether they would
hear him or not? And they did lie&r him. The
House decided to hear him; and 1 am glad they
diddecide to let him be heard, because we have had
the benefit of his lecture to this side of the House.
He h<>« lectined gentlemen here who are acting
upon the same responsibility ihat he is, and has
cautioned them, in the face of their constiluents,
that unless they vote as lie thinks right, then there
is something in the future that is to befall them.
Now, sir, I have but one word to say in ref-
erence to that suggestion. . I, for one, do not wish
to dodge this question; and I do not intend to
dodge "it. The gentleman from Massachusetts
knows as well as he knows anything, that this is
a privileged question, and that if postponed until
the 3d day of March it is the very first thing in
order upon that day; that it can be called up any
time during; the day, and that if the previous ques-
tion is called upon it we can get a vote upon the
resolution. I ask the members of this House
what injustice there is in thus postponing it ? Is
my friend so desirous to thrust out of this House
six Republican members and one Democratic
member that he will not permit them to sit here
any longer? Is that the object? Does he want
to lessen the probability of getting a quorum to
do business? For myself, 1 am ready to confess
that I want the benefit of the counsel of these men
here. And if we decide this question on the last
day of the session, it will be as well as to decide
it now. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say, for one, that it is
immaterial,so far asmy vote is concerned, whether
this House postpones the resolution until the 3d
of March or decides it definitely now. 1 shall
vote, with great pleasure, against the report of the
Committee of Elections in this case; and 1 am
glad to find, by the record of our proceedings in
the first session of this Congress, which 1 liold
injjiy hand, that I am sustained in that vote by
a plurality of the Committee of Elections them-
selves. In the course of the first session of this
Coiifffss, inJuly,1861,thegentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vai.landigham,] who is the originator of the
action now proposed by the Committee of Elec-
tions, offered a icsolution,on tlie 12th day of July,
which J will read:
4t Whereas ir is lumored that Oilman Marston of New
Hampshire, James E. Kerrigan of New York, Edwaid >Ic-
fherson and Charles J- Diddle of Pennsylvania, ami Samuel
ft. Curtis of Iowa, holding seat* hi tins House as members
thereof, have been nwoni into the military service of the
United States, and hold military offices, under the authority
of the same; and wlieieaa James II. Campbell of Penn-
sylvania, also holding a seat in this House as a member
thereof, hart admitted "upon the floor of this House that he
has been so svvoiu and doea so hold office as aforoaid:
Theietoie,
"/tosoJccrf.That the Committee ofEleetions be instructed
to inquire-, and without unnecessary delay to report,whether
thcgreutlcnjen above named, or any others claiming or hold-
ing Mjats as members of tin* Ilou^e. and at the same time
holding any military office under the authority of the Uni-
ted States, ore constitutionally disqualified lu be menmers
of tins Hou. e by holding: s«ueh tmittaiy office- "
This resolution was advocated by the gentleman
from Ohio, who presented the resolution, holding
that the members named in the resolution were
not entitled to seats upon the floor. He was an-
swered among others by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, (Mr. Campbell,) and by the gentleman
from Iowa, (Mr. Curtis.) I adopt the language
of these gentlemen on that occasion as my own m
reply to the remaiks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Mr. Campbell haid:
u I hold a vat on thK floor by virtu* of the votes of the
people of the eleventh eougcesnioual district of Pennsyl-
vania, and f hold a eommisMon under the broad seal o( the
Commonwealth of Pernio Ivama, and the signature of her
Governor, bv which 1 am at present serving m the Army of
the United State.-*. 1 hold no two offices under the Govern-
ment of the United States. I have taken an oath of alle-
giance to the Constitution and the laws, and the gentleman
lias- done the same. Tins oath is equally binding on us both.
Bur, «lr, there is yo possible conflict between these two po-
sition--. f hold one a*> member of tins Hoi^e, by virtue of
of an election under the law-, of the United States; and the
other tinder the seal of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
uud Uie  igiiauiro of her ttevernw."
The gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Curtis) also
defined his position very clearly, as follows: 4
<kThe position which f hold in the military service of the
United States is that of a loan from the State of fowa. The
Governor of Iowa was called upon for troops, and I tell
into the ranks. I was unanimously elected a colonel. I
was commissioned by the Governor of Iowa, and I have
tried to serve in that capacity. In my military position I
am merely an officer of the State of iowa. loaned for the
time being to the United States—loaned for flie purpose of
sustaining the national flag—loaned to the United States
for the purpose ot sustaining the absolute supremacy of the
laws, which it is the province of the United States to do*
I do not, therefore, conceive that a^ a State officer serving
for the State of Iowa in that capacity, I am in any way act-
ing as an officer of tne United States. I have no couimis-
Mon under the Government of the United States. I am not
an officer of the United States. I am an officer of the State
of Iowa.
44 Before I take my seat, I desire to inquire of the gentle*
man from Ohio whether he is not him&elt an officer in the
militia of the State ot Ohio?
<* Mr. Vallanpigham. J do hold a commission under
the State of Ohio."
Does not this brief extract answer the whole
argument of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
And, sir, 1 may ask whether the principle now
sought to be settled is to go still further, and
whether, having Jietd the place of private in the
volunteer force, being mustered into the service of
the United States, and drawing the pay of thirteen
dollars a month, would have the effect of depriv-
ing; a member of his seat upon this floor ? Shall
officers of the State militia be excluded ? for it will
be seen that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
landigham] conceded in tiifs debate with Mr.
Curtis that lie held that position.
These officers of the State militia are tempora-
rily in the serviec of the General Government, to
suppress agigantic insurrection. They hold their
commissions, not from the President of the Uni-
ted States, but from the Governors of their States.
Therefore they do not come under the same dis-
qualification with those who hold office under the
direct authority and commission of the President
of the United States. Afterdebate, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] moved to lay the
resolution upon the table. We all know what that
motion to lay upon the table means. When you
lay a resolution upon the table you mean to dispose
of the question. When you lay it upon the table
you thereby express your disappi obdtion of it.
That resolution was laid upon the table by a vote
of 92 to 51. That was when we held it to be pa-
triotic and praiseworthy for men to go out from
this Council Hall to bare their breasts to the bul-
lets of the enemy, fighting in the defense of their
country.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let me interrupt
the gentleman 
Mr. COLFAX. Not now. "Waitafewminutes.
It was then held to be patriotic for members to go
out and fight against armed rebellion; and laying
this resolution on the table was saying, " Well
done. You shall not be harmed here for exposing
yourself to danger and death."
Now, sir, this majority of forty-one was com-
posed of a portion of the members of the Com-
mittee of Elections. There were five of them who
voted on laying the resolution upon the table.
Four voted to lay the resolution upon the table,
and only one voted against it. Four fifths of that
committee, or, rather, four fifths of all of those
who voted, then deliberately declared themselves
against even considering the resolution of thegen-
tieman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigh\m.] Three
months after the defeat of this resolution, in the
month of September, and when he had the right
to suppose that it was the opinion of a majority
of the Committee of Elections and of the House
that he could do so without being questioned for
it, Mr. Vandever followed the example of the
members whom the House had thus indorsed,
and accepted a commission as colonel of an Iowa
volunteer regiment. He had the right to take it
for granted that the House gav« its permission
for him to go out and fi^ht the enemies of the
country. After he exposed himself at Pea Ridge,
where that brilliant victory was won, after he
has refused to retain his pay as colonel, having
refunded it when he drew his congressional pay,
now, in his absence, we are asked to expel him
as unworthy of membership here. For one, 1
will not, now nor at any other time.
But I must answer another point of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] He said
that be had himself been willing to postpone this
resolution from time to time, and yet he now con-
demns members on this side because they desire
to postpone it a little longer.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I <isk the gentle-
man from Indiana to read a little further of my
reply to the gentleman from Iowa, (Mr. Curtis.)
Mr. COLFAX. I intend doing that to illus-
trate another point.
Mr. DAWES. Do you not find in the Con-
gressional Globe that Mr. Blair, of Missouri,got
up and said that he was not in the service of the
United Slates?
Mr. COLFAX. It is not here during the debate
on this resolution.
Mr. DAWES. It is in the Globe of another
date. That was in the three months service, when
there was no law calling for volunteers. Each
one of these gentlemen asserted—and it was act-
ually the fact, for it could not have been otherwise
—that neither of them had been mustered into the
service of the United States. We afterward passed
a law Auctioning all that had previously been
done. We authorized the President of the United
States to call into the service volunteers; and we
created the offices which these gentlemen have
since accepted. 1 rememberdistinctly,and I think
it will appear in the Globe, of putting a question
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether, in
point of fact, there was anybody in the service of
the United Stales existing up to that time by the
force of law. All that was called for was the mi-
litia of the country. In regard to the militia there
was an express provision of the Constitution that
the States should appoint the officers.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from Massachusetts by reading from the Giobe.
Mr. Campbell said;
<;I stated the other day, when a similar proposition was
made to this Hou- e, that I was sworn into the service of the
United Stales an an officer of the State militia of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania."
There was no disguise of the fact that they had
been mustered into the service oftbeUnited States.
Tlie gentleman's recollection was incorrect. Now
I will yield to thegentlcman from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Massachusetts has anticipated the point
which I desired to make, namely, that all the gen-
tlemen to whom the gentleman from Indiana has
alluded, expressly declared that they held their
appointments by virtue of State authority, and
therefore did not come within the plain letter of
the Constitution. It was a resolution of inquiry
founded upon the assumption that they had held
office under the Constitution; and the resolution
follows the wording of that instrument. The
gentleman from Missouri, (Mr. Blair,) no longer
a member of this House, while a candidate be-
fore the House—your competitor, Mr. Speaker,
for a seat in thatchair—very promptly announced
that he had never held a commission under the
authority of the United States. So it was with
the gentleman from Iowa, (Mr. Curtis.) i never
mode any proposition to rule anybody out of this
House who held office in the Army under State
appointments. The gentleman from Indiana has
said that they do not come within the exclusion
clause of the Constitution of the United States. I
will thank the gentleman, as he has read a por-
tion of the debate and noted the fact that I did
not include myself in the resolution, to read a little
further.
Mr. COLFAX. I repeat that I intend, before
I close, to read what you desire.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now, I have sup-
posed and voted accordingly; if wrong, I have
voted wrong. I assume, without inquiring, that
Mr. Vandever holdsa commission under the Uni-
ted States, and not from the Governor of Iowa.
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] the colleague of Mr.
Vandever, lo state the fact about that.
Mr. DAWES. Look at the documents.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If lie is a militia
officer in the service of the United States, his en-
tire authority, so far as his appointment is con-
cerned, is from the State, and fie is not excluded.
But if under the authority of the Constitution and
under the law of the United States the Governor
nominates or suggests the name of the officer, it
does not take him out of the exclusion clause of
the Constitution of the United Spates, because he
is still com missioned by the President of the United
States an officer of the United States, and is en-
titled to salary from the Treasury of ti^e United
