1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
mm
which made them willing was that they had the
right to elect their subordinate officers. They had
the right to select the arm, or branch, or service
of the country to which they wished to attach
themselves. This section thiity-four cuts away
that right. It takes away one of the best en-
couragements that has ever been given to filling
up an army. If you depend upon the volunteer
patriotism of the people, or if you depend upon
the patriotism of the people after a draft has been
enforced, whatever may be your dependence and
whatever may be your power, you cannot afford
to despise the wishes of the common soldier.
The Senator remarked here the other day that
bayonets think. They do. They have opinions;
they have votes; they ought to have a policy; and
let me say, if bayonets m the field could dictate a
policy, it would be vastly different from the one
pursued now. Wc must consult the wish of the
soldier, consult his welfare, consult his comfort.
No man can consult either, and vote for such a
provision as is.contained in this scction of the bill.
This bill proceeds, from the beginning to the end,
upon the doctrine that the citizen is not to be con-
sulted; that the whole population of the country
subject to military duty is absolutely within the
control of the Pi evident; that no man can ask that
his wishes shall be favored; the character or the
kind of scrvice to which he is assigned cannot be
a subject of inquiry. Such arc the extraordinary
powers which have been invested in the Execu-
tive, if he sees fit to use them, on the passage of
this bill; and he can say he has the color of au-
thority and of lnw for the exercise of those pow-
ers. Such extraordinary powers were never be-
fore conferred upon the ruler of a free people.
I am not willing for a moment to be understood
as saying anything in favor of military insubordi-
nation. Most certainly, Senators can distinguish
between military insubordination, disobedience
to orders, and a reasonable compliance with the
wishes and wants of the soldier. There is a dis-
tinction, a wide, broad distinction. I say, let us
defeat this section thirty-four; let us defeat the
bill with these objectionable features in it. The
Executive has already the power to call ftom the
Status any number of the militia for the term of
nine months. There is no further legislation
needed on that subject; and if in nine months this
rebellion is not crushed and the Federal authority
vindicated, let another class of men br> called to
share the labor and hardships of the field. Let
them not «11 be imposed upon one portion of our
fellow-citizens.
I was much pleased the ether day to hear the
venerable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]—I call
him venerable in contrast with the Senator from
that State who sits near me [Mr. Sherman']—
rise in his place in the Senate and speak words of
encoui age men t; assure us that the country was
not in any such desperate condition as we wero in
the habit of considering it; that the public credit
was not impaired; that the insurrection now in
existence against the laws did not amount to an
effort endangering the life of the Republic. I was
much pleased by the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio, not only because they came from that side
of the Chamber which is usually accustomed to
treat us with a feast of blood and horrors, but be-
cause they came from a Senatoi of the age and
experience of the Senator from Ohio. It is very
true, I confess I have myself little confidence m
the viow which the Senator takes of the present
condition of public affairs; but yet I still the
more admire his courage and his constancy. He
reminds me very much of that antediluvian navi-
gator of the ancient sea, who, while passing Noah
on his raft, was hailed to come aboard, but an-
swered, u no; lam obliged to you; it is not going
to be much of a shower." [Laughter.] The Sen-
ator's position is veiy much like that of this old
manner; bat 1 say he is entitled to credit for taking
the position, and his example is worthy of imita-
tion by all, as well as a most decided rebuke to
the supporters of the bill now pending; one surely
framed by those who have taken counsel, not of
the public faith, but only of their fears.
1 have been reminded since my short presence
in this Ilail that our character and conduct par-
take very much of the action of apatientsick with
a moat dangerous malady. You may visit him
ami talk of this or that or the other subject, but
lie invariably returns to the subject of his com-
plaint and his disease. It is most remarkable that
whatever measure may be broached in this Hall,
whatevermeasureof policy pertaining to whatever
branch of the Government, Senators invariably
return to the troubles which now afflict the coun-
try. "We had a measure the other day providing
for privatcersmcn, for which I voted, which the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] was confident
would crush out the rebellion. Wo had a measuie
reconstructing the judiciary, which its author as-
sured us had for its purpose the same object. We
had a financial measure here, and the Senaiorfrom
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] gave us a most confident as-
surance that the insurrection must succumb before
a fresh supply of greenbacks. I hope that all or
any of these Senatoi s may be right; that they may
be correct. The author of this bill assures us that
its object is to crush the rebellion. I cannot see
it. 1 do not see that any such legislation is ne-
cessary.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
has adopted the most unique and ingenious method
yet offered m tjjis body for the crushing out of
insurrectionary forces. His plan is merely this:
to reiterate, day after day, his own loyajrv, and
disparage the loyalty of others, his supeiiois here
and elsewhere. It is very simple; very easy of per-
formance. If the rebellion can be crushed out by
stale, vapid vociferation in regard to the merits
of Massachusetts, or the Senators who happen to
represent her, it will disappear most speedily.
The Senator advised me in a very friendly man-
ner the other evening not to butt my head against
Plymouth Rock. I tell the Senator he is butting
his head against that which is just as capable of
resisting and overthrowing us assailants. lie is
butting his head against the voluntaiy (notcom-
pelled) pati iotism of his country; againstthe spirit
of liberty prevalent now and forever in the Amer-
ican people. That Senator remarked that Mas-
sachusetts had been heretofore attacked; and Mas-
sachusetts had been heretofore defended on this
floor by Senators of world-wide character and re-
nown. The latter may be true. It once wax. I
will not insult the intelligence of the country or
shock the modesty of the Senator by saying that
it is the case now.
That Senator boasts of the loyalty of Massa-
chusetts, of the bravery and valor of her people.
I concede it all. Not the people of Massachusetts,
but their rulers, then- loaders, those who have dis-
carded the idea of nationality and have made this
war for the benefit of the Afi ican, and not for the
benefit of the white man—these men arc to blame
for the lack, if any there is, on behalf of the State
of Massachusetts. How do such lectures on the
subject of loyalty come from a Senator of that
State whose executive officer is even now travel-
ing to and fro through the States of this Govern-
ment for the purpose ofenhsting runaway negroes
to make up the deficient quota he was called upon
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, Will the
Senator allow me to interrupt him ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fosters
the chair.) Does the Senator from Indiana give
way to the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. TURPiE. No, sir; I do not.
The Senator presses this measure upon the
people of the United States. He insists upon his
valor and his loyalty; but he himself and his ex-
ecutive take precious care to place, the negro al-
ways between themselves and danger.
The Senator from Massachusetts has another
method of crushing the rebellion. He spoke of it
in relation to this bill. He says he has found no
man opposing this bill unless it be some one who
sympathized with the rebellion. He has clamored
much about unanimity, lie has called upon the
North for unanimity of action. How does he
propose to unite them? I3y originating, as he did,
the discussion now in progress in the Senate; by
imputing disloyalty to the minority upon this
floor; and by imputing to Democratic principles,
Democratic organization, and the Democratic lead-
ers in this country, hostility to the Government
of the United States. Is this the way in which
the gentleman proposes to raise additional foices
for the Army and Navy: Is this* the way in which
he proposes to govern a free people ? I tell the Sen-
ator he has not yet learned the first lesson of loy-
alty and fidelity- That lesson is, above, all things,
to credit the intentions of his peers upon this floor.
I do not disparage his intentions nor a vote he
has given, although I might charge him with be-
ing m sympathy w-ithaclass of disumonistswh*>:
have heretofore been suffered to exist m the norths
em States, a class of traitors who are continually:
breathing out threatenings and slaughter,-death,
and damnation against all men of whatever party*
who will not take up the doctrine of African free*
dom, and insist upon it as a panacea for all #ur
evils. Hut I will not imitate either the candor ©r
the courtesy of the honorable Senator. The gen*
tleman says that the opposition to this measure
is of a- party character. I say it is not. Asfar asr
I am concerned it is not. The opposition to this
measure is made because it is one palpably in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States,
and in violation of the lawful military authority
of every Governor in the Republic. That is the
basis of this opposition.
The Senator and his colleagues talk much about
no party. Senators may find countries in which
there are no parties. The administration is not
troubled with conventions in St. Petersburg or in
Moscow. No platforms or resolutions are acted
upon in Vienna or Prague. Neither the east
nor the west side of the Bosphorus is troubled
with the disturbance, the riot, the noise, and the
confusion attending election days. Is there any
Senator here who prefers the dead level of despofcie
monotony to the vigorous action of a free repub-
lic ? I say leX us hear discussion and debate; let
us have it. It is a necessity of political life. Let
us endure these political storms in the same man-
ner that wo must endure the lightning and the
thunder, the agitation of the elements, in the hope
that it will give us a purer atmosphere than we
have had heretofore.
That Senator has spoken of Jackson and Doug-
las. He scarcely rises in his seat that he does not
refer to those great names. The other day, in
commencing this debate, he exclaimed, " oh, for
one hour of Jackson Sir, have I lived to see
the time when the names of Jackson and Douglas
are cast at the Democratic party as weapons of
offense and insult? Who were those men ? They
lived and died Democrats, within the Democratic
organization. They never were anything else.
The gentleman talks of other Democrats. He
says Democrats have gone into rebellion. No
Democrat has gone into rebellion. The moment
a man ceased to obey the laws and revere the Con-
stitution of the United States he ceascd to be a
Democrat.
Mr. Piesident, what was the conduct of that
Senator when Douglas lived ? What would have
been his conduct had he occupied t\ seat on this
iloor in the days of Jackson ? He would have
opposed the old hero at every step. Every slan-
der of his enemies would have found a ready ut-
terance from the lips of the Senator. I have seen
characters in and out of the Senate who under-
took, as the Senator from Massachusetts does, to
conceal the stab which he meditates on civil lib-
erty in this bill, to conceal the conspiracy which
he has formed against the constitutional rights of
the people, to conceal the evils of the present by
a laudation of the worth and merit of the past.
Had that Senator lived, as he did live, in the
days of those whom he has named, he would have
been found in opposition to them as he is now in
opposition to th^ir principles and their doctrines.
If he had lived in the days of Jackson , he might
probably have spoken well of Washington; he
might have praised the Revolution. If he had
lived in the "days of the Revolution, he and his
political colleagues would have been Toiies,true
to King George. They would have spoken then
as flippantly as they do now of rebels and rebel-
lion. They would have strangled the gallant
Hayne m the prisons of South Carolina. They
would have offered rewards foi the heads of Sum-
ter and Marion. They would have sold their
country, like Arnold, for a less price than he. The
Senator would have found nothing in those days
a fit subject for his commendation. He would
have gone back as far, probably, as the Reforma-
tion. He would have praised Luther and his co-
workers. Had he lived in the days of Luther he
would have stood fast by the Pope and the Vati-
can. He would have feasted upon the ashes of
the martyrs. He would have kindled the fires of
Smithfield. The Luther of that hour would have
received his bitterest condemnation.
He might then have gone even as far back as the
Christian era before he obtained an object worthy
ot'hi&jwaujes. He would have spoken well of the
