THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY S3, 1863.
New Semes No. 28.
he remained a member of this body, the Consti-
tution prohibited him from accepting a commis-
sion, for he could not accept without holding an
office, and this the Constitution forbids. To ac-
cept an office is to hold it. If my colleague ac-
cepted the position of colonel of the ninth Iowa
volunteers, he holds that position, but the Con-
stitution prohibits him from holding it while he
remains a member of this House; consequently
he could not, in law, accept it without first resign-
ing his scat in this body. The gentleman may
reply that that would give us difficulty. How so ?
lie may say that members will receive commis-
sions and go into the field. If they do, they are,
nevertheless, members of the House; and if they
refuse, in violation of the rales of the House, to
obey its orders, they may be expelled. That set-
tles the entire question which the gentleman has
raised. Now, if my position is correct in regard
to this section of the Constitution, upon which the
committee base their report, what is the result?
That all persons who are.membeis of Congress,
and who have been acting as colonels under com-
missions issued by Governors of States, are not
colonels, but members of the House, if such a
commission can confer an office under the United
States. That is the only conclusion at which I
have been able to arrive. I think that both Houses
have given the same construction to that section
for which [ contend. By the act approved July
17, 1862, I find it provided as follows:
tC Resolved hi the Senate and House oj JLc/ri esentatives in
Confess assembled, That until further otdei of Congress
the Secretiny of the Senate, and the Sergcant-at-Aims of
tile Hon-e, are directed to receive as a valid excuse for ab-
sence iiom duty 111 Congress, active employment in military
seivice for the suppression of ttie lebeiiion, without pay."
There, sir.isadirectinvitation by both Houses,
by joint resolution, to members to go to the field
and to act in the military service of the United
States.
Mr. DAWES. Does not the gentleman know
that when that resolution was brought before the
House in a dliferent shape, the House, in order to
avoid establishing a precedent on this very point,
committed it to the gentleman's own committee,
so to draft it that it would not commit the House
to that point; and docs he not know that that com-
mittee reported back the resolution in this shape,
asserting .that it did not commit the House?
Mr. WILSON. I judge by what this act itself
says, for which I believe the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts voted.
Mr. DAWES. I voted for it after the learned
and distinguished Committee on the Judiciary put
it in that shape, asserting—so the Globe says—
that it saved the House fioma committal on this
point; and my friend was on the committee, and
sat still while that statement was made.
Mr. WILSON. It is very unfortunate, Mr.
Speaker, that the members of the House who were
in the military service of tiie country, absent from
their seats at that time, had not the privilege of
hearing what was stated by the gentleman at that
time.
Mr. DAWES. Why did they not? Because
they were in another service.
Mi. WILSON. They were in the service of
the United States. They were not here listening
to discussions in the House. W^e passed thatjoint
resolution allowing them to draw their pay. That
was notice to them that we did not consider their
seats vacant. They were bound to take notice of
what was the law of the land, rather than of what
the gentleman from Massachusetts, or any other
member, may have said on this floor. We thereby
invited them to go into the service of the United
States; they did go, and now it is proposed to
expel them from the House.
Mr. DAWES. The Constitution requires them
to have some knowledge of what takes place in
this House.
Mr. WILSON. That is a remarkable con-
struction of the Constitution by a gentleman who
has so much respect for it, that members in the
military service of the United States, engaged in
distant fields, are bound to know what the gen-
tleman says in debate on this flooi.
28
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman state
whether or not the resolution was referred to the
Judiciary Committee for the very purpose of
avoiding this position? State " yea" or " nay,"
as you understood it then.
IVb\ WILSON. I am not prepared now to state
what the Globe contains in that regard.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask you what the
Globe contains. I ask you how you understood
the resolution which your committee reported?
Mr. WILSON. If 1 understood what the Globe
contains, I could answer, perhaps, what was the
understanding of those who expressed their views
about it.
Mr. DAWES. I did not ask you what the
Globe contains. Will the gentleman answer my
question and not his? How did you understand
it at the time? What did you suppose it was re-
ferred to your committee for? Why did the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary act upon, it as you under-
stood ?
Mr. WILSON. I understand this resolution
precisely as its reading shows it must be construed;
that was my understanding then and is now.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask what is your un-
derstanding now. How did you understand it
then?
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will please
take his seat, f will state what I mean. 1 under-
stand this resolution now, and I understood it
when it was before the House, just as the resolu-
tion itself expresses, that the peisons to whom it
applies may be paid as members of the House,
provided they do not take pay as colonels or ma-
jors or other military officers of the United States.
That i* what 1 understood the resolution to mean.
And not only did the House pass this resolution,
but I understand that every act done by the House
bearing upon the subject, and in some instances
with the sanction of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts himself, vindicates the passage of that
resolution and my construction of it.
Mr. DAWES. To what instances docs the
gentleman refer?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to further
interruption.
Mr. DAWES. I want the gentleman to say
to what vote of mine he refers?
Mr. F. A. COCKLING. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot yield the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
I heard the Speaker say a little while ago that a
member had a light to yield for personal expla-
nation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to yield for jieisonal explanation, but not to per-
mit a question to be asked.
Mr. DAWES. Well, sir, I rise to a personal
explanation. 1 simply asseit that no such vote
of mine was ever gi\ en, and the gentleman is mis-
taken m point of fact in saynig that any such con-
struction was given to the lcsolution when it was
befoie the House. If I voted for the resolution
to which the gentleman refers, it was upon the
statement by members of the House that if was
referred to the Committee on the. Judiciary for the
very purpose of preventing the possibility ol the
construction to which the gentleman refers, and
with the understanding, when it was reported,
that it was liable to no such construction.
Mr. WILSON. I designated this resolution
as the one to which I referred, and for which the
gentleman voted . How the gentleman construed
it I do not know; but tiuit he voted for it I am
quite sure; and that it may have misled members
of the House who are in the military service is
also quite certain, if the gentleman's construction
of the Constitution is to be sustained by this
House.
Now, sir, I contend that the construction that
the Committee of Elections places upon the Con-
stitution is an entire fallacy. And to show that
this is true, 1 need but to lefer to the fact that the
Committee of Elections, as I understand it, do
not agree in construing the resolutipn which they
have renorted to the House, although by it they
aim at an interpretation of the Constitution. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, in his argument
yesterday, construed the resolution as in fact va-
cating the seat of Colonel Vandever, if it should
be passed by the House. Other members of the
committee, as I understand from them, insisted
that it would be a mere opinion of the House, ex-
pressed as to the right of the member to his seat,
under the circumstances recited, but that to vacate
his seat would require another resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I rise again to a personal ex-
planation. The gentleman misstates me. I ex-
pressly stated on the contrary yesterday that the
resolution, if adopted, would not necessarily va-
cate the seat; that the resolution per se would not
go to that extent, but was merely an expression
of an opinion by the House.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly understood the gen-
tleman as I have stated. Of course I accept his
explanation, but it does not do away with the dif-
ference of opinion which I am informed exists
among the members of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Every member assented to the
report made to the House. Not one dissented.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the contrary.
Mr. DAWES. No difference of opinion has
been expressed.
Mr. WILSON. I say we have the Committee
of Elections differing in opinion as to the effect of
this resolution. And I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts himself will see, when he comes
to consider the subject calmly, fairly, and consid-
erately, withoutthe excitementwhich he hasman-
ifested to-day, that if the House adopts this reso-
lution, the effect of it will be to expel my colleague'
from his seat in this House. If we pass a reso-
lution that my colleague has not been a member
of this House since he entered the military service
of the United States, will the gentleman from
Massachusetts say that after the passage of such
a resolution the Clerk will continue his name on
the roll of members, or that the Sergeant-at-Arma
will continue to pay him as a member of the House'
Will gentlemen pass a resolution that Colonel
Vandever is not and has not been for more than
a year a member of this House, and then say that
it can have no effect upon his right to a seat?
Why, sir, that is trifling with the House. It is
simply a self-stultification to pass a resolution
declaring that a man is not and has not been for
more than a year a member of the House, and
then say that it will require the passage of another
resolution to declare his seat vacant.* I am sur-
prised at the assumption of such a position by
the gentleman. It ia the most remarkable of all
others.
No w, sir, I have detained the House longer than
I intended. I only wish, in conclusion, to correct
another statement of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts in relation to my colleague. I did not
hear it yesterday; but I find it reported in the
Globe; and the inference springing out of it is most
unjust to my colleague. I will read the remark
in'the connection in which it was made, and call
the attention of the House to it. I interrupted the
gentleman and remarked:
"I do not want this case to eto over without correcting a
statement which I undet^tood the ttcnlleman from Massa-
chusetts to make. That was that Colonel Vandever had
leeeived pay fot both office*, of colonel and member of the
House. X wish to state. Mi. Speaker, tiiat the amount re-
ceivod by my colleague in compensation of Ms setvices as
colonel lia-5 ail been refunded to the paymaster of the United
States ; to that he is not receiving double pay."
To which the gentleman from Massachusetts
remarked:
<;Iie did lcceivc it; did he notr;'
I responded:
" II'! did receive it. and it lias been refunded.
The gentleman from Massachusetts is then re-
ported as having added:
« He received it until the committee called the nuentfon
of the House to it in its report.'3
Now, sir, I submit that a remark of that kind
is not fair in the absencc of my colleague. The
