1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
far as he spoke for himself. The Senator hopes
never to touch the soil of Massachusetts. This
indecent declaration on the floor of the Senate of
the United States will not lower Massachusetts
in the affectionate regard of her sons, or in the
respect of patriotic men; nor will it elevate the
Senator from Indiana in the regard or respect of
gentlemen anywhere,
Mr. McDOUGALL. It seems to me that this
debate is not for the advice of Senators. I only
rose to say that the representative idea of the
Democracy, for whom I undertake to speak as
well as any man on this floor, is that this Gov-
ernment must be maintained intact, and that all
the forces that may compel that conclusion must
be employed, or should be employed by the Gov-
ernment. That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to make a few re-
marks on this bill. For the present I will yield
to the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CARULE then addressed the Senate.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a report
from the committee of conference on the bill to
supply the wants of the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair will receive the report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote—
being the tvventy-tlnrd amendment of the Senate—to the
lull (H. It. No, 639) to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government, having met, after fall and free con-
ference, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate rcccdc from their twenty-third amend-
ment, and agree to section eight, with the following amend-
ments, to wit: on page 8, section eight, line eleven,strike
out the words "provided that," and insert "and aU Mich
banks, associations, coiporations, and individuals shall also
be subject to and pav a duty of one half of one per cent,
each half year fiom and after April 1, 1863, upon the avor
age amount of notes or bills not otherwise heroin taxed,
and outstanding as currency during the six months next
preceding the return heieinafter provided for; and the rates
of tax or duty imposed on the circulation of associations
which may be organized under the act " to provide a na-
tional cunenoy seemed bva pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for tin- circulation and redemption therein,"
approved Febniarv 23, 1S0U, a-hall be the same aa that hereby
Imposed on the circulation and depoMts of all banks, asso-
ciations, corporations, or individuals, but shall be assessed
and collected as required by -aid act:" same section «u d
page, at the end of line seventeen, inseit, after the word
" issued," " and all banks, as&ociation?, eorpoiations, and
individuals leeeivmg deposits of money subject to payment
on checks or draft*, except savings institutions, shall be
subject to a duty of one eighth of one pei cent, each half
year, from and after April 1,1863, upon the aveiage amount
of such deposits beyond the average amount ot their circu-
lating notes or bills lawfully Issued and outstanding as cur-
rency;" same page and section, in line twenty-five, after
the word " circulation," insert " and of all ^ueh deposits."
JOHN SHERMAN,
J. W. NESM1T1I,
Managers on the pait of the Senate.
n. l. j)A\vns,
R. E. FENTON,
HORACE MAYNARD,
Munagcrs on the part of the Home.
Mr. POWELL. 1 usk for the yeas and nays
on that report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the veas and nays have
been ordered, I will say that this is the regular bill
for supplying the wants of the Government, com-
monly called the supply bill or the $900,000,000
bill. The only disagreement between the two
Houses was as to the tax on banks. The Senate
proposed to tax bank circulation one per cent, for
two years, and two per cent, afterwards. The
House of Representatives proposed to tax the
circulation of banks two per cent, above a certain^
scale. The difficulty is finally compromised. The
tax is to be one per cent, on all below the scale
fixed by the House of Representatives, and two
per cent, on all above. AU the circulation above
certain proportions of capital is scaled according
to the amount of capital and circulation. The
purpose is to tax at a higher rate the excessive
issuesofbanks, and at alowerrate alesseramount
of issues. We have also had, in order to equalize
the tax between the city banks and the country
banks, to impose a tax of one fourth of one per
cent, on the deposits above the circulation. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senator if the tax
now, under this report, is not higher than that
indicated in the Senate amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. The tax is lower. The
Senate proposed a higher tax than the House of
Representatives, The Senate now recede from
their amendment, and agree to the House tax with
an amendment, putting one per cent, on the cir-
culation not taxed by the House. I supposed the
Senator from Kentucky did not understand it.
Mr. POWELL. I did not hear it read. I am
willing to withd raw the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call may
be withdrawn by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection.
The report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, a statement of the
appropriations applicable to the service of the
War Department for the fiscal year 1861-62, the
amounts drawn from the Treasury during the
same period, the balances on the lstof July, 1862,
and the appropriations carried to the surplus fund;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
primed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Qierk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S.
•No. 492) to amend the laws relating to the Post
Office Department.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the repor^'of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the twenty-third amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 659) to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Presidentpro tempore :
A bill (II. R. No. 621) for the relief of Benja-
min T. Watson;
A bill (S. No. 311) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Colorado;"
A bill (S. No. 515) to authorize an increase in
the number of major generals and brigadier gene-
rals of the forces in the service of the United
States; and
A bill (S. No. 407) to fix the terms of the cir-
cuit and district courts in the districts of Wis-
consin and Iowa.
POST OFFICE LAWS.
Mr. COLLAMER submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (t5. No. 405)
to amend the laws relating to the Post Office Department,
having met, after full and free eonfeience, have agreed to
recommend, and do lecommendto their respective Houses,
as follows:
That tiie S«Miau  recede from their disagreement to the
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fif-
teenth, sixteenth, twcnty-fir&t, twenty-second, twenty-
fourth, tweritv-fifth. twenty-Mxtb, twenty-seventh, twenty-
eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth amendments of the
House, and agree to the same.
That the House ie<>cde from their seventeenth, eigh-
teenth, nineteenth, and twentieth amendments, and al&o
from their amendments numbered from thirty-one to forty-
three inclusive.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
twenty-third amendment of the House, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: on page 20, line
twenty-one, strike out the word uand" and in&eit "which."
J. COLLAMER,
LYMAN" TRUMBULL,
HENRY M. RICE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SCHUYLER. COLFAX,
II. G. KLAKE,
JOI1N B. STEELE,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes, are be-
fore the Senate; the question being on the motion
of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayakd,] to
postpone indefinitely the consideration of the bill
and the amendments.
Mr.HICKS. Mr. President,! came here with,
the determination to be a silent member of this
body, to be a hearer and especially a doer in the
work assigned to me by the authorities of my
State; but 1 begin to feel that I shall be unfaithful
to the loyal State that I represent, unless I raise
my voice against the course that is taken here so
frequently. 1 beg to say to the extremists, on both
sides of the Senate, that I fear that the result which
has so often been predicted by the extremists them-
selves may be the end of this contest, unless we
can, all of us, give up something of our own pecu-.
liar notions for the good of the Government. I
regret the crimination and recrimination that have
so long disturbed our quietude. It can result in no
good. We have in this body, small as it is, three
divisions. Two are extremists who are diamet-
rically opposed to each other, and the third is a
party—I regret to say that it is a very small
party—composed of those who are conservative.
Between these parties, in whose ranks are gentle-
men who have had much experience in national
legislation, debate has been carried to an extent
which, to one so inexperienced as I am, is calcu-
lated to amaze and alarm. Long;, weary hours of
filibustering ill become the gravity of the United
States Senate, and tend to diminish the reverence
in which it has been held through so manjr years.
The loss of th/: respect of the pepole will be a
calamity to be deeply deplored, and I trust it may
be restored to its true dignity as a council of sage
gentlemen, embassadors from sovereign States, to
whom has been confided weighty nsttional affairs.
The necessities of the hour demand the highest
wisdom and the greatest prudence. Recrimination
is discordant; and discord is incompatible with
the purposes for which the Senate was instituted.
An unholy civil war exists, and gentlemen of
these opposite fragmentary parties reciprocate ac-
cusations of the wickedness of its authorship. An
old author has said, where there is shame there
may be virtue; each party shrinks from the impu-
tation, and attributes it to the other. I know that
extremists in the North have said a great deal to
aggravate and to provoke us of the border slave
States, as well as the people of the far southern
States; but with them it has been a mere war of
words. I go back to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise,and I date the beginmngof ourpres-
ent troubles at the period of the agitation of that
unhappy act. Who repealed the-Missoun com-
promise ? History has made up her record upon
that point. Then I look to the Charleston con-
vention of 18G0, and its adjournment to the city of
Baltimore. In the action of that convention I
trace the design of certain men to break up this
great Government. But, sir, I do not stop there.
To cap the climax, the southern members from the
two branches of the last Congress took themselves
away from their seats here when they had it in
their power to prevent any ultra measures upon the
part of gentlemen from the North, for they and
their northern friends in Congress had a majority
of thirty-two.
I know, sir, that 1 am not speaking to the sub-
ject in hand, but I am following the example of
some of those who have preceded me. This kind
of debate is not properly germane to the subject
before the Senate; but if gentlemen are to make
stump speeches, here, I see no reason why I
should not make a statement of historical facts.
1 assure you, Mr. President, that I have no de-
sire to make an ad captandum speech. I speak in
view of the high and holy duty 1 owe to the peo-
ple of my State, and the duty 1 owe to the people
of the whole country. I am convinced that the
true cause of this rebellion is different from any
which have been here alleged to be its cause.
Have we not all seen and known for years that a
studied effort has been made by leaders in the far
southern States to start a separate government of
their own ? Strange as some gentlemen may think
it, I, a slaveholder, representing in part a slave-
holding State, and advocating justas fully as any
other man the propriety of holding slaves, say
that those people in the South have done more
than has been done in any other section of the
country to bring about this rebellion. Couldnot
their representatives have remained here and pre-
vented any action inimical to theirinterests on the
part of the present Administration i I am not a
member of the party which elected the present
President of the United States. I did all that I
could properly to defeat his election. I do not be-
