434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
inference that would naturally be drawn from it
is that Colonel Vandever was willing to receive
double pay—to take his pay as colonel and also
asamemberof Congress—provided nobody knew
it; but that when the Committee of Elections
called the attention of the House to it, then he
ca«ie here and refunded his pay for one office.
t will state what were the facts in relation to it.
My colleague was in the military service in a dis-
tant portion of the country. He could not receive
his pay as a member of Congress, because he was
not here to sign the receipt of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. It was necessary for him to have money
in order to pay his expenses. He received his
pay as colonel; and when he came here he re-
ceived his pay as a member of the House, and
then refunded to the paymaster of the United States
the amounthehad received as colonel. Itis proper
to state also that he did not receive his pay as a
member of the House until he had made arrange-
ments for refunding the amount he had received
as colonel.
Mr. OLIN. I hope that the gentleman from
Iowa will permit me to interrupt him for the pur-
pose of making a suggestion.
Mr. WILSON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I would suggest that
the consideration of this question be deferred for
a day or two. I am not particular as to the time.
I think that it had better be disposed of at this
session of Congress. It involves considerations
that I think are important, vitally important to
this House and to the country. I only allude
to them in this connection for the pui pose of ask-
ing in what position does this question now stand
before the House? I am of the opinion that upon
the law, and proper construction of the constitu-
tional provisions in respect to it, Ihese individ-
uals who have accepted colonels' commissions
in the volunteer service of the United States have
vacated their seats in this House. But holding
that opinion, I hold, nevertheless, that any reso-
lution declaring those seats to be vacant would
'be idle, and worse than idle, unless passed by a
vote of two thirds of the House. I understand
thai the question is now before the House on the
decision of the Speaker that a simple majority
resolution of this House ran declare those seats
to be vacant. It would amount to an expulsion
of those members of the House. I do not be-
lieve that we can do that. I do not believe that
we can expel a member from this House by less
than a two-thirds vote. 1 believe that the passage
of a resolution like this would be more calamitous
in its consequents than to let these men remain
in the House m violation of the law. 1 would
therefore suggest that we postpone this subject to
some future day. Before that day arrives we can
put the resolution in such a shapo as that this
House shall declare, by its vote, what, is its sense
in regard to the question involved. Consider for
a moment the great question whether itis to be
decided by a simple majority vote that a member
shall be deprived of his right to a seat upon this
floor. Now, it is said that this man has, by ac-
cepting this office, resigned or vacated his seat
upon this floor; that it is equivalent to a resigna-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I have been waiting to hear
the suggestion of the gentleman from New York.
When u is submitted, I will answer whether I
■will yield the iloor.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to the gentle-
man from Iowa yielding the floor unless he yields
it unconditionally.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman has yielded to me,
mid the objection comes too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
objection is in time, if it be insisted on.
iMr. P. A. CONKLlNGr. I insist on it.
Mr. OLIN. May I inquire whether, when the
gentleman yielded to me, and 1 proceeded with
mv remarks, it is within the province of any other
gentleman to object to my going on and conclud-
ing what I desired to say?
Tite bi'KAKER. it was so decided at the last
session ofUoi'gre&s. Otherwise irteguUr debate
could be carried -m &l all times.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the motion to powtpone the further con-
sideration of the pending n-«jo!ution to the 3d of
March nexL
Mr. McKNIGHT, 31 hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. X cannot yield, as objection
has been made.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If the gentleman will yield
the floor tome, unconditionally, I will renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 68; as follows^
YEAS—Me^rs. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Daily,
Baker, Baxter, Heaman, 'Bingham, Blake, William G.
Biown, J ufiiuton, Casey, Chambeilain, Clark, Colfax,
Covode, Cutler, Davis, Ducll, Ed erton, Ehot, Ely, Fen-
ton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A- D. Fc^senden,
Fisher, Fiank, Goodwin, Guriey, Hale, Hairison, flick-
man, Hooper, Horton, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy, JVIcl'her-
son, Maynanl, Mitchell, Moorhcari, An^on P. Morrill,
Justin S. Mori ill, Oiin. Timothy G. Phelps Pike, Pomeroy,
Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edward
H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, ShPlIahaiger, Sloan, Smith,
Spaulriing, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thoma*,Tiain,Tmnble,
Trowbndge, Van Horn, Verree, Walker, Wail, Wallace,
Washbume, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Wtn-
dom—-78.
NAY'S—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Burnharn, Calvert, Cloments, Cobb, Fred-
erick A. Conkiing, ltoscoe Conklmg, Conway, Coming,
Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Dawes, Dunlap, Dunn,
English, Gnoch, Granger, Gnder, Haiglit, Hall, Harding,
Hoilman, Johnson, Keingan, Knapp, Law, Lazear,Leaiy,
Lehman, Lootnia, McKmghl, ? laltor\, Menzies, Morris,
Nixon, Noble, Noiton, Nngen, Odell, Patton, Pendleton,
Perry, Poitei, Robinson, James S. Kollins Segar, Shef-
field, Shiel, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stratfon, Fiancis
Tlxnndts, Vallandijrhain, Vibbard, Vooihees, YVadswoith,
Whaley, Chilton A. White, WiekhiTe, YVoodiulf, Wot cen-
ter, Wright, and Yeaman—Gb.
So the resolution was postponed till the 3d of
March next.
During the vote,
Mr. GfOOCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dllano, had been compelled to leave the Hall on
account of illness.
Mr. LOW, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHJBUKNE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will come up
again, and the Chair desires to call the attention
of the House to the question whether a resolution
to vacate a scat once, properly filled, requires a
majority or two-thirds vote for its adoption.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, the House, by
unanimous consent, took from the Speaker's table
Senate hill No. 437, to amend an act entitled "An
act to amend the act of 3d of March, 1837, en-
titled *Au act supplementary to the act. entitled
"An act to amend the judicial sys!em of the Uni-
ted States;"' which was read a first and se'.ond
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
CKllJ ' PRINTING OF EULOGIES.
Mr. CRISFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
road, considered, and under the lules referred to
the Committee on Printing.
h'csoh-ctl. That there be pi intod for the n«e of the House,
twenty thousand copies oftlie cullies of the lite and char-
actci of Hon. J .imp* A. Pe;nee, delivered in both IlounC3
of Congie^s.
LIEUTENANT WILLIAM P. JlICIINEll.
I Mr. MORRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
j ducod a bill for the relief of Lieutenant William
; P. Richner,of the seventy-seventh regiment Ohio
i; volunteer infantry; which was read a first and sec-
,j ond time, and ir.e.-red to the Committee on Mili-
tary Allan's.
MIUTAIIX ACADEMY BILL.
;j Mr STEVENS moved to takefrtnn the Speak -
er's table the amendments of the Senate to House
; bill No. 611. making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
;! ending the 30th of June, 1664, and that they be
jl concurred m.
;i The motion was agreed to.
ii RAISING ADDITIONAL SOLDIERS.
The SPEAJtER stated that the next business
was the consideration of House bill No. 675, to
raise additional soldiers for the service of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEVENS moved to postpone it to Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I do not intend to consider the bill to pro-
vide ways and means for the Government, but to
take up some bill for general discussion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 659) to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the bill aside, and
to take up House joint resolution No. 30, author-
izing the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING obtained the floor.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to a question of order.
It is reported that a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury is in the House, in which he states
that he favors the bill of the committee to provide
ways and means for the Government, with the
amendments which are to be submitted by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Spaulding.] The
only letter of the Secretary which is here, is, I
believe, the one sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means some days since; and i shall ask to
have it read, to clear all misapprehension on the
subject. If there be such a letter as is claimed,
it ought to be open to the House and not confined
to a few members. I make that point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, it is my pur-
pose, during the hour allowed me, to say some-
thing in regard to the President's two pioclama-
tions, and something in regard to the two rebel-
lions. More than twelve months ago, the ruinous
policy of the radical party was openly avowed in
this Hall. It was then predicted by the true friends
of the country here, and by loyal and conservative
men everywheie, that the inevitable and certain
result of that mad policy would be to unite the
South and divide the North; to paralyze the ef-
forts ofloyal men, strengthen and invigorate the
arm of the rebellion, and so leave but little hope
of the restoration of the Union. The fulfillment of
that prediction has now become history; it has
i been verified to the letter. The former votes and
solemn pledges given by these radical men were dis-
regarded and openly violated, the warning voice
of aged and tried patriots was scoffed at, and the
; Constitution rudely trampled under foot. They
had the numerical strength; and, reckless of all
consequences, carried out their policy so far as
congressional legislation could effect it. Having
gamed this victory ovei the Constitution they
pause but for a moment; the supposed conserva-
tism of the President is the next object of their
attack. He must be pressed into their service.
1 True, he had sworn "to preserve, protect, and
i defend the Constitution." True, he had pledged
I himself before the whole country against their
i policy—had denied that he had any lawful power
| to interfere with slavery m the States. Butwhy
; should they falter on tnat account? They, too,
! had taken the same oath, and given the same pledge,
j And why should he have any more conscience
! than they? Nothmgdauoted, therefore, they mar-
■ shal and mass their hosts, and make a bold and
continued pressure upon him. For a time he
seemed to struggle against them. He met and re-
pulsed "the Chicago saints55 by manly aigument.
Hut on the 22dday of September he stmagicd no
longer. The tide rose too high, and became too
strong for htm, and m western phrase, i(he washed
over the dam."
On that memorable day, the 22d of September,
; 18G2, the emancipation proclamation was issued.
: That was the crowning act of the radical war
upon the Constitution and the Union. That proc-
i Iamation declares that—
! "On tlio Ut daj* of January, 1863, all persons hfld as
; slave* within any Slate, or any designated part of a State.
. tlif Vviu'ieof shall then be in rebellion against tin-
