1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing ten days' notice, but advertisements were is- I
sued and published on Monday morning, and on j
Wednesday the election was to be held, with but
one day intervening, showing the madness of these ,
people and their determination to strike while the |
iron was hot. They knew full well that if ten
days were allowed for the election to come off; if ,
the people had an oppoitumty of canvassing the
subject, the sober second thought would inter-
vene,and then the thing would be all up with them.
They could effect nothing except by forcing an
election while the people were panic-stricken;
while they were ready for almost anything,
alarmed as they had been by the raid of which I
have spoken, and the mob in the city of Balti-
more on the Friday previous. They determined
to make hay while the sun shone, and to carry
Maryland out at all luizatds.
Seeing the predicament in which we were placed,
I determined to convene the Legislature myself
to prevent Coleman Yellott's call from being an-
swered, because I knew they would meet under
mine, for then they would be paid. 1 did not
choose to let them meet in the city of Baltimoie,
where the individuals who had led on the hosts
that had done so much to disgrace our city could
influence them. 1 determined to take them to a
more calm, staid, and quiet people. I did so; and
as soon as the Legislature met, Senator Mason,
from Virginia, appeared among them. What
he did and what he said I do not know, but he
soon found that he had better leave, and he took
his departure after being there but a few days.
I advert to these historical facts, not for the pur-
pose of prejudicing the minds of any, or operating
on any individual here, but to show the course
things were taking at that time. I refer to them
in view of the wide range this debate has taken.
1 voted for the suspension of the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus; I would willingly do so _
again; and if the President had had forty of these i
men hung 1 would have voted forexonerating him '
from any responsibility for it. 1 was in the midst
of these people, and know what they designed.
Itis very well to talk aboutthe impropriety of ar-
resting people who would assail and abuse upon
the streets a man who, if not respected as an in-
dividual, should be respected for his position.
Going through the city of Baltimore, I have heard
men say that I should be hung in less than two
hours as a damned old rascal; and another would
say, " I have a mind to blow a bullet through
you." The leading men of a certain party upon
the stand in the city of Baltimore talked about the
Susquehanna and the streets of the city running
red with blood if certain things were not given up
to them. Do gentlemen say that such men should
not be anested ?
Sir, I look upon this secession movement as
entirely contrary to the spirit and interests and to i
the morality of the people of this country. If the !
immortal Washington, who loved so w.ell the coun- _
try for which lie fought for seven long years, and ;
for whose Government he devoted his energies
and his intellect, could look down and see us, his
degenerate sons, engaged here as we are in the
work of crimination and recrimination, his blissful
abode would be no longer one of bliss. Thank >
God, sir, we have still patriots in the country, i
but those patriots arc to be found in the masses i
of the people. When the people see that design-
ing men of various parties are determined to break
down this Government in order that they may
bring their party into power, or have two, four, ,
or half a dozen Governments in this country, they
will use in their majesty and strength and put :
down such men, and send patriots to contiol tins
Government m the place of men who aie disposed
to be mischie\ ous.
I regret, sir, that I have felt it my duty to en-
gage m this discussion. I have of necessity been
desultory; but when 1 saw the latitude which
gentlemen took, and the manner in which they
spoke of each other, and how ready (hey were
to impugn the motives of others, I felt it my duty
to raise my voice to warn them. I say to gen-
tlemen, if you do not intend to bi ing rum upon the
country, if your object is, as each of you says it
is, to save tins Government, in God's name man-
ifest it by courteous tolerance, if, like a pen ©t
lll-managul cattle, one gouges one way, and one
another,"how are we to come together? I have
no prejudice; I never have had; I never have
wanted to fight against the North or the South.
We are in the border States. I want to see this t
Government administered upon constitutional j
grounds. Whether u bo administered by Millard
Fillmore, or John C. Breekiniidge, or John Bell, ;
I want to s^e it rightly administered. Though I i
did all I could for John Bell, I believe it was for- '
tunate that he was not elected. I believe it was
yet more fortunate that John C. Breckinridge
was not elected; for if he had been, and he and
his friends had had a clear swing for four years
more, this Government would have been swepfr
away; we should have had haidly a remnant
of it left. Sir, when I think of the condition of
the country two years ago, I am sorry to sec to
what it is reduced now; but I have confidence
in the divine Being whose protecting power is
over us. Such a country the sun never shone
upon; such a Government no people ever before
enjoyed. We scarcely knew that we were gov-
erned. We did not feel the weight of our Gov-
ernment. Every man was free and happy, with
nothing to trouble him, nothing to make him
afraid. But at last the demon came; partisan and
sectional feeling, by-little and little, grew to be
a terrible monster. Massachusetts broke loose,
and so did South Carolina, under the lead of
John C. Calhoun; and the thing lias spread until
it becomes necessary that the people should take
the matter in hand. They will do it, sir, and I
have no fear of this Government breaking down.
If it be necessary for the well-being of the coun-
try to let slave property go, I say let it go. It
would ruin me among others, but be it so. I
have no conscientious sciuplcs about holding
slaves. I have looked to it as a matter of policy.
I have been a slaveholder ever since I was eigh-
teen years old. I am attached to my slaves and
they are attached to me, and the separation
would be painful; but I should look upon a sep-
aration as I should look upon a son going off
to seek a better fortune, or to join the Army to
fight the battles of his country, as painful but
necessary; but if it be necessary to the restoration
of the Union, let every slave in the country go.
Mr, SAULS13URY. Let me ask my friend from
Maryland a question. Does he believe that that
is necessary to the restoration of the Union?
Mr.lilCKS. By no manner of means. I have
said that alwa> s; and I think I ought to be under-
stood when I say that if by foice, in violation of
the Constitution of the country, an attempt were
made to take our slaves from us, I would fight
against that force till I died. That is my ground
precisely. I say again, I will support, as far as I
think itdoes right, the Administration of Abraham
Lincoln or any other man who is called by the
people to administer the Government. I do not
mean to say that \ have ever believed that slavery
was the cause of the rebellion. I believe an oli-
garchy was gotten up m the South composed of
comparatively a few wealthy men who wanted to
set up for themselves. I know those men. I be-
lieve, however, that a portion of them desired the
Government to be broken down, and a separation
effected, that they might reopen the slave trade.
Many who were ove*seeis on plantations until
they got a few. thousand dollais together, would
like to be able to buy land cheap, open the slave
trade, and have it, as a leading gentleman said in
the mercantile convention, 1 think, in 183G, at
Charleston, so that they could buy negroes for
about what they would have to pay for a good
horse or a yoke of steers. These are the motives,
m my judgment, that have broughtabout this state
| of things.
Paidon me, Mr. President, for using the strong
language \vhi'-h I have uttered. I feel keenly,and
thcTefwre I speak strongly. Sir, I will stand by
this Government, if it is necessary to destroy ev-
ery rebel on both sides of the line, sooner than let
the Government fall. I say let it be done. I never
will give up the Government. 1 he rebels may
kill me, if they have the power, and there would
not be much harm done, perhaps. It it were ne-
cessaiy, I would saeriJice my life on the altar of
my country. And, sir, if at the end of the snug-
gle there shall be but ten miles square of the old
Union left, I will stiuggle hard to put my foot on
I that ten miles square. I do not intend tobednven
: away from this Union if I can keep to it, i beg
; gentlemen to be temperate and moderate. Ex-
' tremest and extreme measures are rarely, I think
j never, fraught with good. If we are here legis-
I latins for the benefit of our wives and children,
our homes and firesides, in God's name let us stop
quarreling and letus legislate a& we ought to do on
all subjects that come up. I am for voting every-
thing that is necessary and proper to 'this Ad-
ministration to carry on the war, but I will not do
anything that in my judgment is wrong. I may
perhaps strain a point sometimes for the benefit
of my country. I know there is some 4<>ubt it3
regard to the constitutionality of the suspension
of the habeas corpus, but I look to experience, and
I think it was necessary. I believe that arrests-,
and arrests alone, saved the State of Maryland
not only from greater degradation than she suf-
fered, but from everlasting destruction. I ap-
proved them then, and I approve them now; and
the only thing for which 1 condemn the Admin-
istration in regard to that matter is, that they let
some of these men out.
Mr. KENNEDY. I wish to ask my colleague
whether I understand him aright, that arrests and
arrests alone can hold our State in the Union?
Mr. HICKS. I was speaking of the past. 1
do not think they are necessary now; 1 think a
great many arrests have been made improperly;
but I was speaking not of the present, but of the
period about the 19th of April, 1861. I believe
the time has gone by when a necessity for arrests
existed in our State; but I do say now that I be-
lieve that at tine time to which I have referred, but
for the arrests that were made, brute force would
have been used, and we should have been driven
from our stand in the Union. Sir, I look to the
perpetuation of this Government as overriding
every thing else. I neverwanttolivctosee thetimo
when I cannot walk under the stars and stripes
and hear Yankee Doodle and the Star-Spangled
Banner. I hope in God 1 never shall see th&t
tiry£. I would rather die to-morrow than see it,.
I want to see one flag, one land, one heart, on©
nation here evermore.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I do not de-
sire to enter into any controversy with the views
expressed by my honorable colleague, and I am
sure he will understand that when I rise to ex-
press my own views 1 mean no assault upon him-;
but I think I may be pardoned when I say that I
did not comprehend the drift of his speech. My
friend—I call him so—has thrown out here and
there some points that seem to require a reply.
As for myself, sir, I claim to be as loyal as he
or you or any other peer of mine who sits on this
door; but when intimations are thrown out by
my friend and colleague that maybe subjected to
misinterpretation before the world, I desire thai
those matters should be entirely and fairly under-
stood.
The bill before the Senate, I believe, is a bill
for the enrollment of all the force of the United
States to put down rebellion; but in speaking upon
it my colleague has gone off into the politics of
our own State, and he has undertaken to give a
view peculiar to himself as to the times in which
he was a conspicuous actor, and as to which the
world has done him honor foi patriotism and high-
toned sentiment. Whether 1 can appiove of ali
the views my colleague has adopted or not, is not
now germane to the question. Upon former oc-
casions, when his own good name was assailed,
1 volunteered to wrest it from the charge of dis-
loyalty on this floor. What his view may be of
his obligations to party is no rule for me. The
Constitution is my guide; the Constitution which,
at your desk, I swore to support. Neither men
nor powers shall change that high obligation
which leUs upon me. With a full knowledge of
all m v responsibilities, I will not sacrifice or abate
one jot or tittle in that obligation which I have
takeii to maintain the Constitution. It comes to
be simply a difference of opinion as to what is the
obligation to support the Constitution. I quarrel
with no man for his particular views or senti-
ments. A poet says it is a base abandonment of
reason to resign the right of thought; and stand-
ing here to-night, the peer of any other Senator
on this tloor, in honor at least, I am not to be
taught by any.gentleman what my duties are.
Sir, perhaps this is the last, time I shall ever ad-
dress the Senate. My political career is nearly
ended; and if it were not in bad taste, 1 might say
that I thank my God for it. 1 regret that 1 stand in
the midst of the rums of the Republic. I deplore
that I can see no hope from the black, gloomy
cloud of convulsion and ruin by which we are sur-
rounded. I claim no particular honoror fame for
