'436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
arc nil openly violated and set aside by this proc-
lamation. How does the liberty of the citizen
stand under this proclamation? He is liable to be
arrested wherever he may be or reside in the Uni-
ted States without any warrant or civil process,
and by any military authority, for any disloyal
practice; the military authority being sole judge
of what amounts to a disloyal practice. And when
arrested, he is liable, without knowing " the na-
ture anil cause of the accusation against him," to be
dragged, like a felon, away from his homo and
State, and incarcerated in some distant fort or mil-
itary prison, there to remain during the pleasure
of his captor. It is in vain for him to look to the
courts ol justice; they aie all closed against him.
The judicial arm is paralyzed and can give him
no relief; the writ of habeas corpus, once the very
gate of liberty, standing open to the oppressed
night and day, is now suspended and cannot reach
his case. His prison doors are barred and bolted,
and, however innocent he may be, there he must
lie, dragging out weary days and sleepless nights
in miserable confinement. And if ever tried at all,
he is to have no trial by jury, but to be mocked
jyith a trial " by court-martial or military com-
mission." None but the willfully blind can fail
to see that this is an open violation of the Consti-
tution, and a daring usurpation of despotic power;
it is the fiery, bitter, and burning dregs of the cup
of despotism.
Sir, it is notorious to the whole country that,
under this arbitrary power of arrest and impris-
onment, numerous citizens of the loyal States
have been dragged from their homes and confincd
m forts and prisons for weeks and months, until
■some have been driven to Insanity and suicide;
some are still there; while some have been turned
out without trial ,and without any accusation of any
jiind appearing against them. And a Congress has
been found leady to sanction and legalize all these
abuses, indemnify all concerned, and wrest from
'lie citizen all civil remedy and right of action
against his oppressors; nay, sir, a Congress who
will not permit even a resolution of inquiry into
these abuses; who seem purposely to close up and
darken all the doors and blinds, lest the people
should look into these prisons and see the enor-
mities there practiced. Sir, u seems to me the j
man who is^ prepared to sanction, support, and
sustain' the fearful and revolutionary doctrines of
(he two proclamations, is leatly to yield up his
liberty and confess himself a slave.
Mr. Chairman, the true friends of the Govern-
ment are iilnrmed. They have labor.' d incessantly
and faithfully to bring hack the President and his j
Oa.niiet to that rational and conservative policy '
uom which they have so fearfully departed. The J
p"opl" at the polls, by overwhelming majorities,
iiave lebuked and condemned llieir course, and
demanded reform. They know ihey are misrep-
resenting tin; people, whose km'viuiIs they aie.
1 Iiey treat the voice of the people with contempt,
and persistenily prti-j.s on in then wild and levo-
lutionary career. Sir, in view of this contempt
of the public will, this daring insolence, had I the
power, I would this day, from the great States of
Illinois, Indiana,Ohio, Pennsylvania,New-Jersey,
and New York, collect together the conservative
voices of the thousands andtensof thousands and
hundreds of thousands, and pour that united voice
upon tiifi White House, i1 i oue volume of pro-
longed and deep-toned thunder, until these rulers
should be driven from their suicidal policy, or
made to turn pale and tremble in their seats of
power.
Mr. Chairman, we hear nothing from the radi-
cals of constitutional necessity; nothing of a hi«h
mom necessity to observe the oaths taken to sup-
port the Constitution and to redeem the solemn
pledges made to the country.
, we ask, is the constitutional power to
aoohsh State institutions; abrogate State consti-
tutions and laws ? They answer, " military ne-
cessity. Whence the power to throw thousands
of liberated slaves upon the bosom of Illinois, in
utter violation of her constitution and laws, which
declare that no free negro shall come upon her soil ? :
Military necessity. "jt'o money shall he drawn from !
the Ireimry but in consequence of appropriations
made by lavi." Whence, then,'the power, with-
out. law, to expend millions of the public money 1
for tiiu support of thousands ol idle and worth- 1
less negroes, called contrabands? "Military ne- I
cesnttj. 1 Under what authority is martial law '
January 21,
proclaimed in loyal States, where the courts are
open and the civil authority wholly unobstructed,
and citizens arbitrarily seized and carried from
such States, and shut up in distant forts and pris-
ons, without any process of law whatever? "Mil-
itary necessity." Yes, sir; military necessity, that
is the stereotyped answer, coming from the Pres-
ident and most of his supporters, in defense of
these high-handed and tyrannical measures. The
power depends upon the existence of the neces-
sity; it must arise out of the necessity. But then
the President himself is sole judge of the neces-
sity out of which arises the power, which is i^lso
to be claimed and exercised by himself. In other
words, the President is to determine to what ex-
tent it will be proper and decent for him, from
time to time, to claim and exercise arbitrary and
despotic power over the people of this country.
And this is "military necessity," a phrase un-
known to the Constitution, and to be found only
in the vocabulary of the most detestable tyrants.
Mr. Chainnan,, I would desire to speak of the
President with all proper and becoming respect on
account of the high office he fills. But the progiess
of events has become alarming to the highest de-
gree; and I hold it to be the duty of the Representa-
tives of the people, placed heie as sentinels to guard
their liberty, to speak out, call things by their
proper names, tmd warn the peopleoftheirdanger;
and I say here in my place, that any man in any
department ot this Government, who, clothed in a
little brief authority, shall dare to play the tyrant !
Ill the face of the American people under the shai- j
jow, miserable,anddetestable subterfuge of " mil-
itary necessity," deserves to be called tyrant; he I
has earned the title, and ought to wear it. Sir,
there is a necessity, a most pressing moral and po- j
luteal necessity, that all radicals and revolution- [
ists, in Congicssand elsewhere, who disregard the j
Constitution and misrepresent the people, should
be scourged and driven into retirement with the I
scorpion lash of public indignation, and their i
places filled with men who wilfbe true to the Con- !
stitution, and devote ail their energies to save the
Go vernment from iuin.
Mr. Chairman, we saw here, but a few clays
since, with what, facility legislators, as well as
executives, could diaw on Lhis prolific and inex-
haustible sotueeof powercalled " mihtaiy neces-
sity," for supplies in any emergency. The bill
to form a new State out of the western part of
Virginia was before the House, when a promi-
nent leader of-the radicals, the gentleman from
J. ennsyl\ania, [Mr. Stevens,] referring to that
clause of the Constitution winch declares that
" no new State shall be formed within the juris-
diction of," or out of part of, an old State, without
the consent of the Legislatme of the old State,
given by the
and no such consent having be
Legislature of Virginia, said:
" I will not stultify myself hv supposing that \vc have any !
vvairant 111 the Confutation tor thi^ pioeeedni^."
And yet I am not sure but the gentleman did at |
last stultify himself by declaring his readiness to j
vote, and by actually voting, for the hill, as he
said, " under the war power;" that is, a power to
make war upon the Constitution by doing an act
expressl y forbidden by it. One difficulty was for-
gotten . I he genileman was not<£ sworn in" under
the war power, but had taken an oath to support
the Constitution. Perhaps no gentleman could
escape from such a dilemma without stultifica-
tion. At any rate, it seems clear that either the
man or the oath was stultified.
Thus it is, Mr. Chairman, that we are drift-
ing on and on, nearer and nearer to that fearful
whuIpool, wheie this Government of constitu-
tional liberty, purchased with the blood of our
fathers, and whore the brightest hopes of patriots
may all be swallowed up and lost forever. And
all this is being done under the insane leadership
of abolitionism, in defiance of the public will. The
abolition creed is short, but full of horror and
blood. 1 hey say, " Slavery is the cause of the re-
bellion, therefore crush out and destroy slavery—
remove the cause and the effect will cease." The
remainder of the creed consists in striking down
cojistitutions and lutus, overthrowing State govern-
ments, und doing anything and everything they may
choose to dounder the claim of" military necessity."
Sir, there is no truth in the flippant rant "that
slavery is the cause of the rebellion and war."
Abolitionism in the North, and secession in the ,
Southf were the joint causes, operating- together, J
which produced the rebellion and war. If there
had been no secessionists in the South there would
have been no rebellion, no war; and if there had
been no abolitionists m the Noith there would
have been no war. Neither, operating alone, had
the power to bring it about. It is true, ihat anuin-
b'er'of leading restless traitors in the South had
long been plotting the destruction of the Union.
But the great mass of the people in all the south-
ern States were deeply and truly devoted to the
Government, and neither hoped for nor dcsiied
any better. But these leading traitors held up con-
stantly before the masses the publications, ser-
mons, speeches, and all the threats,rant,and rav-
ing of northern abolitionists, until they weromade
to believe they were about to be visited with the
horrors of an abolition war; and under that ap-
prehension they followed their leaders into re-
bellion. The secessionists furnished the fire, and
the abolitionists the fuel, and thus operating to-
gether, kindled up that fearful conflagration which
is now carrying desolation and rum through the
land in its wild and spreading flame.
Sir, while I do not say that abolitionism was
the sole cause of the wai, yet I do say that, with-
out its aid, this rebellion and war never could
have arisen; and if abolitionism were tins day
crushed out and wholly destroyed, the southern
revolution would soon burn out of itself, and cease
for want of fuel. And these northern fanatics, in
the policy they adopt and force upon us—if any of
them sincerely desire to subdue the rebellion and
save the Government (and it may be possible that
some do)—resemble the maniac who is laboring
and toiling to put out fire by constantly throwing
on dty fuel, and still the fire burns with a fiercer
flame; he throws on moie, and looks and won-
ders why^he cannot smother and put it out. Sir,
it is 111 this way that these miserable extremists
have gone hand in hand in producing, sustaining,
and nourishing the rebellion. While the fire-
eaters have come out boldly and opened then-bat-
teries on the Union, the abolitionists ha\e oper-
ated m disguise, a miserable set of miners and
sappers, mining and tienching aiound the temple
of hbei ty; burrowing in the giound, and seeking
to overthiow and destroy the Constitution.
Mr. Chairman, abolitionism has been an ele-
mentof discord wherever it has appeared, whether
in Church or State, Its whole history has been
"evil and only evil, and that continually." It
moves and breathes 111 agitation, and lives on the
gall and bitterness of strife. Its Unionism would
strike down States, and blot out stars fiom the
national flag; its philanthropy a brutal thirst for
blood; and its loyalty treason against the Consti-
tution.
Sir, the people are alarmed at the fearful fact,
now fully disclosed, of two rebellions, one at the
North and one at the South, leagued togetherand
unitedly warring against the Government and lib-
erty of the people. No wonder this country is
smitten with desolation and waste; no wonder the
land is bathed in kindred blood, and doited all
over with hundreds of thousands of newly made
graves; no wonder the wail of sorrow is rising
and showers of burning tears falling from millions
of bereaved widows and stricken orphans.. One
serpent and one rebellion were sufficient to curse
and blight the gaiden of Eden. But our political
Eden has been visited by two serpents, producing
two rebellions, one a fuarfui, fiery serpent at the
South, the other a black and venomous serpent
at the North, full of the deadly virus of treason.
And, in the bloody progress of these rebellions,
abolitionism has thrown off'the mask, and stand;;
out openly revealed, the very demon of carnage,
with grim visage, gory Jocks, hands recking wTiJi
blood, and eyes red with the lires of perdition.
There the monster stands, raving and crying aloud,
in hoarse, sepulchiai tones—"extermination!
exterminate the South !,s
Mr. Chairman, there is no essential difference
between the leading fire-eaters and abolitionists,
except that arising from locality. Both arp for-
ever engaged in agitation and strife—warring,
restless spints, who would be satisfied nowhere,
and with no Government under heaven, and cei-
tamly with none in heaven. Remove an aboli-
tionist to the South, warm him up with a few days
of southern sun, and he comes out a genuine fire-
cater; and so the benefit of a northern climate,
with a little ice water, will speedily bring a fire-
eater into the foremost ranks of radical abolition-
