£376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
explanation. There is no occasion for difference
or difficulty or feeling between my honorable col-
league and myself. He has done me unintention-
ally some injustice in regard to one remark that
I made. In speaking of the renewed prosperity
of the State of Maryland, I alluded to the pres-
ent, as compared with the period including the
19t-h of April, 1861. My colleague, as every one
else does, knows full well that there was an al-
most entire cessation of business operations about
that time. General Trimble took possession of
the armed forces of the city of Baltimore; **nd no
vessel could go out of the port without first having
obtained an order from him. The same sort of
tyranny that is complained of here by gentlemen
was exercised in the State of Maryland about that
time by secessionists.
I do not intend to controvert any position of my
colleague in regard'to the force and effect of the
rebellion. We agree on that point. There is an
honest difference of opinion between him and my-
self in regard to the origin as well as to what will
be the ultimate result of this rebellion. My hon-
orable colleague has not quite as strong faith as I
have. He doubts the practicability and possibility
of the restoration of this Union. 1 never have
doubtedit. Idonotdoubtitto-day. He,with many
other honorable Senators on this floor, seems to
blink what I conskh r the true kssue. He has failly
detailed the condition of our slave property in
Maryland—I agree with him in regard to that;
but he and I differ very widely as to what pro-
duced this state of things. lie charges it upon
the party to which Senators on the other side of
the Chamber belong. 1 charge the destruction
of the value of our slave property upon this mad
war, which was inaugurated by the people m the
cotton States. That is the difference between my
colleague and myself. I think the truth of my
position on that point is too manifest to requiie the
consumption of time to say anything more on the
subject. Everybody, it aeem« to me, must un-
derstand that fully. You can talk with scarcely
a sensible man in the State of Maryland, slave-
holder or non-slaveholder, who does not under-
stand that our present condition has been pro-
duced by the people of the South.
Mr. President, 1 do not mean to prolong this dis-
cussion, and lam sorry that I have consumed so
much time to-day. I never intended to raise my
voice here until things should tiike such a direc-
tion that 1 could be enabled to pour oil on the
troubled waters. I have spoken to the extremists
of both suctions alike. I feel alike in regard to both
of them. I believe both are going much further
than they should go, and the sooner these excesses
are stopped the better. It is not my habit to
deal in invective. I have no hatred against the
North or the South, and 1 never have had, except
in so far as i may have felt prejudiced at the mad-
ness of the couise pursued by some persons in
both sections of the counti y; but 1 cannot shut my
eyes to the fo.ct that this trouble has been brought
upon us by the secessionists of the South. Per-
haps I might have thought differently had I not
been mixed up as I was (or months and months
with the individuals who came to us, to urge us to
put ourselves in resistance to the Federal Govern-
ment. I knew the design of those people. J knew
i' from the latter part of November, 1SG0. I saw
then what was the design.
I concede to my colleague all honesty of purpose.
No two Senators hei (l, coming fi om the same State,
understand each other better then he and myself.
I know that he is incapable of doing anything that
he thought was wrong. We differ in opinion. He
looks at things in one way and I look at them the
other way. i have become convinced by expe-
rience, and f cannot change my views in regard to
the state of things which have brought about the
present distress in the State of Maryland.
My colleague spoke of my not having consulted
him by letter or othenvisc during thelroubles in
which f found myself involved as executive offi-
cer of Maryland in I860. 1 had no time for cor-
respondence of that sort. I should have sought
his opinion as soon ns that ofasy other individual,
and 1 believe he would have advised me as sound-
ly and as patriotically as any other individual.
My whole time was taken up by deputation after
deputation whocame pressing me to do that winch
I saw would end in the utter desolation of my
State. For weeks and weeks the time I should
have spent in sl?Tn to i afresh my wearied system
was the only time 1 had to keepj up my corre-
spondence. Until one o'clock at night I had dep-
utation after deputation urging me to convene the
Legislature, urging me to consent to allow the
State of Maryland to £0 out, urging me to call a
convention, which I was not disposed to do. I
frequently felt borne down, and sometimes thought
I should be willing to let Maryland go-to destruc-
tion if the people chose to go in that way, but
when I considered the hundreds of thousands of
timid men, women, and children in my State who
must be the sufferers, I made up my mind to die
rather than change my position. So I say now
in regard to this Union. I never will give it up
as long as there is a last lingering hope.
It is true, as my colleague says, i did finally
convene the Legislature. I have explained that
matter; but piobably I did not make myself un-
derstood. I convened that Legislature as the only
chance, in my opinion, to save Maryland from
utter ruin. I saw the madness of the people grow-
ing out of the mob in the city of Baltimore on the
ll)th of April. In hot haste they followed that
up, and without any authority of law they at-
tempted to convene the Legislature by an outside
power. As the only chance to head them off I
convened the Legislature, and I am glad to say
here to-day that it was successful. I believe, and
I have no doubt my colleague will admit, that had
the Legislature met under that, call in the city of
Baltimore after the riot on the 19th of April, with
their surroundings, they would have passed res-
olutions of secession, and those resolutions would
have raised a conflict among ourselves, or we
should have been forced to go with the South. I
saw that the only way to prevent the utter ruin
that would certainly follow, was to convene the
Legislature away from the city of Baltimore. I
was told what the object of that movement was
by some of those who wanted king cotton to rule.
Mr. KENNEDY. If my colleague will allow
mi*, I do not wish to have any controversy on the
subject, butas this debate has taken a pretty wide
range I hope he will allow me to mention an inci-
dent that happened at that time. My colleague
knows that the State senator who issued that call
was confined in a mad-house a short time after-
wards. lie met me in the street in an infuriated
gether I will call it, and I will carry the State out
of the Union." I looked at the man with aston-
ishment. That is the man who made that proc-
lamation. He is now in a mad-house.
Mr. HICKS. But who were those who fol-
lowed him }
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not know.
Mr. HICKS. That is what 1 want to know.
Who followed him to Frederick?
Mr. KENNEDY. He did not go there.
Mr. HICKS. I beg your pardon; he did go
there, and stayed there until the first session
closed. Coleman Yellott was his name, as I have
before remaiked. I am sorry to be compelled to
jro over this matter again, for it must be an unin-
teresting subject to the Senate. A meeting was
held in Prince George, a little way from here, and
a deputation appointed to waiton me and force me
to convene the Legislature; and. m case I should
not consent, it was to be done by others. The
President of our State Senate and the Speaker of
the Iiinise—a noithern man who had married a
Maryland lady, with some blacks, and therefore
he is not exactly a northern man now—were to
call the Le^islatuie over my head. That was the
project. They were all the time at work upon it.
Eventually, a period came at winch Coleman Yel-
lott took upon himself, backed up by the board
of police commissioners, to convene the Legisla-
ture ; and they sent down to me, at nine o'clock on
the Sunday night following the 19th of April, a
messenger with a copy of his pioclamation andof
the advertisement to hold an election on the fol-
lowing Wednesday, and stating that by the au-
thority of the police board he had chartered the
steamer Kent, and sent Dr. E L. Thomas to the
Eastern Shore'to summon together the members
oftlie Legislature from that section of the State,
i confess 1 felt then that 1 was pretty well forced
to the wall. I did not exactly see how to getout
of the difficulty. I reflected thoroughly on the sub-
ject, and that night, after I retired, I became con-
vinced thut the only way to head these people off ■
was to convene the Legislature myself, at Fred-
erick, and keep them away from Baltimore. I
did so; and this same individual went to Fiederick
and sat in the Senate until the first or regular Le-
gislature closed, and then he went to Viigmia. I
have understood that he has since been confincd
in a mad-house. 1 do not wonder at it at all; and
if a great many more of these rebels were to be
confined in mad-houses it would not surprise me.
I think they are all mad, any way.
In regard to the effect this thing is to have upon
our State, I may add that I have been animated
by a desire to keep ruin and the destruction of life
and property away from my State as far as I can;
and I have labored as hard, perhaps, as most men,
to accomplish that result. I never felt inclined to
raise a quarrel on this subject. I said then to the
commissioners who came to me, "we in Maryland
have no cause of quarrel with the people North or
South that has not existed for the last twenty-five
or thirty years. Knowing, as I do, how this
trouble was brought about, I do not mean to ex-
onerate the extremists in the North, for i blame
them; I think they are entitled to their full share
of blame; but you cannot find that they have com-
mitted overt acts as the secessionists of the South
have done."
Senators talk about secession, and then say
there should be no coercion ! Were these rebels
to be allowed to take the Government property,
the Government fortifications, and to capture its
troops, and were we tamely to submit to it? Sir,
for one, I never can and never will agree to any
such doctrine. It is not a thing to be tolerated-.
Therefore, I say, while I should regret it as much
as any other man, rather than let this glorious
Government fall, I say let slavery go, and if need
be destroy eveiy rebel on both sides of the line.
I trust in God it will never be necessary to resort
to any such extreme measures. I do not think
there is a necessity for them.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should iikoto ask whether,
when he was Governor of the State, with our
courts all open and evnv function of our State
laws in operation and in the hands of Union men,
he approved of the suspension of the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus in our State ?
Mr. HICKS. My colleague will recollect that*
that question was scarcely mooted during my term.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, do you approve of ,
that suspension ?
Mr. HICKS. Yes, sir; I approve of the sus-
pension of the privilege of the writ of habeas vor-
pvs. What I do I do fearlessly. I do it in behalf
of my country, my bleeding country—not in be-
half of the Republican party, or the Democratic
party, but in behalf of the iJnion and the people
of every party. 1 am for the Union; and over-
topping and towering far above everything else is
that consideration with me. I may be reproached,
as I have been; but conscious of the purity of my
motives and the correctness -of my position, r<^
proaches have no effect upon me. Persons in my
State may reproach me as they choose, they cannot
turn mefi om doing what I honestly believe is right.
They may charge me with acting with the Repub-
licans; and I will act with the Republicans when
they are right. They may charge me with acting
with the Democrats, and I will act with the Dem-
! ocrats when they are right. I shall act with that
party which, m my opinion, is best subserving
the interests of the country. I may err in judg-
: ment. There is an honest difference of opinion
between my colleague and myself. I concede to
: him the same honesty of purpose that I claim for
myself. We shall not quarrel because we differ
in regard to the cause, progress, or final reault of
this contest. My opinion is, that every patriot,
every lover of law and order, should labor to bring
back the seceded States and make our country
what it once was—a glorious Union.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have met the same
fate with my hosoiable friend the SemUot from
Maryland, [Mr. Hicks,] in one particular. He
informs us that he has been alternately denounced
as an abolitionist and as a secessionist. Well, sir,
that has boon the fact in relation to myself, and,
what is very strange, my name as an abolitionist
has been connected with that of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator has not
suffered very much on that account.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, grievous wrong was done
to one or the^User of us, and I will leave it to the
