THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON. D. CV
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session*.
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 18G3.
New Series.....No. 87.
honorable Senator and the Senate to determine to
which the injustice applies. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. 1 certainly shall notcomplain.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, amidst the con-
flict of opinion in relation to constitutional law and
duty in this Chamber, I am sometimes led almost
to doubt whether i do not stand solitary and alone
in occupying the true constitutional position
among nil the gentlemen who are members of this
body, [laughter,] and I think I have a good deal
of reason for entertaining that doubt. 1 shall pro-
ceed presently and rapidly to give some consider-
ations for indulging it.
I believe in the power and the duty of the Gen-
eral Government to compel obedience to its laws.
I believe it is not only an abstract principle of
constitutional law, but, if the occasion requires the
exorcise of that power, it is the imperative duty
of the General Government to exercise it. I be-
lieve in the power of the Genet al Government to
call out the militia ad libitum for the purpose of
enforcing the execution of the laws, suppressing
insurrection, and repelling invasion. 1 believe,
in addition, that when the General Government
has called out the militia of the State to any num-
ber, according to its discretion, for either of these
purposes, it has the clear right, in the language of
the Constitution, to govern that militia. That is the
phrase used in the Constitution; and it certainly
cannot govern it unless it has the power to ap-
point ofiieeis for it, by the agency of whom that
Goveinmentalone can be exercised. I ihmk that
it is a question of expediency and not of power.
In relation to the bill immediately under con-
sideration, with two or ihree slight exceptions, I
think there is ample power in the Constitution to
enable Congress to pass it; and with those excep-
tions, in this time of insurrection and rebellion,
if I had confidence in the Administration, I would
not hesitate to trust all the power which this bill
creates to it. I will make a few lemarks embody-
ing the extent of these exceptions.
The first one is this: the bill authorizes foreign-
ers who have taken the preliminary oath to be
called info the service. I think it is not compe-
tent for Congress to exercise that power. I be-
lieve the power to compel any individual to per-
form military duty in the defense of the country
or in the execution of the resisted laws is restricted
wholly and exclusively to citizens either by birth
or according to the uniform rule of our naturali-
zation laws.
There is another point in which I think this bill
is in conflict with the Constitution. The power
of arrest, according to my understanding of that
question, is regulated by the Constitution, and
the only legitimate mode in which a citizen or any
individual can be arrested is by a warrant regu-
larly sued out at the instance and upon the affi-
davit of some person charging an offense against
the law, and an arrest cannot be legitimately or
constitutionally made in any other form. That
provision, then, of the bill which authorizes pro-
vost marshals to arrest and to hold in confine-
ment, in imprisonment, any persons obstructing
the business of the draff until it is completed, ac-
cording to my judgment, is in conflict with the
Constitution.
But, sir, there is one feature of this bill to the
expediency of which I take exception. Asa war
measure, if 1 had confidence in the Administra-
tion, I should be willing to intrust it with that
power; but with the large want of confidence which
exists on my pait m the Administration, I would
be very far from trusting it with any such power
as is embodied in the thirtieth section of this act.
I will read it:
Sec. 00 Jind be it further enact cd, That in time of war,
In«urr<K tion. or robeiiton, murder, a Kiult and battery with
an intent to kill, man-laughter, mayhem, wounding hy
&Uooiii>a or stabbtnir with an intent commit murder, job-
bery. niMiii, Imujlati, 1 i|)'\ assault and b.uteiy with an in-
tent tn eomni.t and laieenj, fhall he pinu-bable by the
sen tenee oi a ^"in-ral com I- mania! or luilunty commission,
when o< imnitt"d by pei-nn> who an' in the military mm
vice oi' the I'nitni tftate-, and subject to theaihclea nt wai;
and the pum-i'iM'iit-tor *-uci  offences thall nevei be less
than tbo-e inflicted by rhc law.-? of the State, Territory, or
d.stj-ict xn which they may have been committed.
87
I concede that Congress has the power to in-
corporate that section into this bill. Let me ex-
amine, in a word, its policy and expediency. It
bears wholly upon persons in the military or naval
service of the United States, and therefore it comes
within the scope of the expressly-granted power
by the Constitution to vestthe punishmentof such
offenses in military tribunals by military law; but
what would be some of its offecis in a permanent
law, which it is proposed this shall be? When-
ever the country is in a state of war, or insurrec-
tion, or rebellion, all crimes which are enumerated
in that section are withdrawn from the civil law
and tribunals, and the tpal of them is vested in
military courts by military law. The Constitu-
tion provides that no man shall be put twice in
jeopardy of life or limb for the same offense.
Therefore, whenever military courts have passed
upon pet sons connected with the Army or Navy,
upon the charge of one or all of these offenses,
the judgment of the military court would be final
and conclusive, and the criminal could never be
retried in a civil tribunal for the same offense.
Let gentlemen pause and reflect a moment, and
ask themselves what, in particular conditions of
the country, might be the result of this provision.
Suppose these copperhead Democrats, that 1 have
heard denounced so bitterly m this Chamber,
should succeed at the next presidential election,
and at the next presidential term that officer should
come here, a copperhead Democrat, supported in
both Houses of Congress by a majority of cop-
perhead Democrats; suppose that his measures,
his policy, should lead to a collision between some
of the northern States and the General Govern-
ment, ant! ho should proceed against those States
as being in a condition of insurrection and rebel-
lion, as now exist in some of the States. In all
the collisions between the Army and those States
where any of the crimes enumerated in this sec-
tion were commuted by persons m the military
and naval service, and if was the disposition and
purpose, as it probably would be to a consider-
able extent, of the military officers to protect and
save from punishment their fellow-soldiers, what
would they do? They would have them arraigned
before partial military tribunals, whose purpose
was not to dispense but to save them from justice
and punishment, by having such soldiets as had
committed any of those crimes tried l>y their com-
rades, by whom they would generally be acquit-
ted. It would be a great and fatal error to remove
the crimes and wrongs of soldiers and seamen,
committed against private individuals, fron\ the
civil law and courts to be only amenable by mar-
tial law in military courts. Tivg esprit du corps of
armed men would become giievously oppressive
to the unarmed.
Now, I will make an illustration from my own
State. We have an election there next summer.
The military might officiously and unconstitu-
tionally interpose for the purpose of disturbing and
controlling our elections. Such cases in the future
might be possible, yen, probable, in all the north-
ern States. When they have thus interposed, and
have become themselves the aggressors, havecom-
muted breaches of the peace, and manslaughters,
and murders, for the purpose of being shielded
from the punishment that our civil courts would
have the power to inflict upon them, they would
be arraigned before military tribunals and tried
by martial law, which would be the arbitrary will
of i he court, and would be acquitted of their crimes.
What condition of things would such trials intro-
duce into the State of Kentucky, orinto any other
State? That would not be an administration of
justice. It would be a mockery intended to defeat
justice, and to screen men who were felons and
murderers from punishment by introducing par-
tial tribunals whose purpose and action would be
to prevent the administration of justice, and in
this way to place the military in the mastery over
the civil power. A law having in ir such a pro-
vision as that, 1 never would vote fot, as a peace
measure or a war measure.
Sir, here is another exception that I take to this
bill. We ought to consider it in connection with
that series of measures passed at the present ses-i
sion which constitute a system. There are sev-
eral measures that form this system. This lap
one of the prominent ones, and what is termed-/
the bank bill, which creates a Government bank '
that will give to the President an absolute and
controlling power over the whole of the currency
and all the moneyed transactions of the United
States, constitutes two of the series. We have no)
a great man in the presidential chair; but we may
exist long enough as a nation for such a man to
fill that high office, a man of talent, of statesman-
ship, of large experience, of great knowledge of
men, of vaulting ambition, unscrupulous, bold,
and courageous; and whenever such a man us that
is President, and clothed with the power which
these iwo bills and the other cognate measures
of the present session would invest him with, he
would have all the machinery and all the forces
that would enable him, as Augustus Caesar did,
to make himself imperator. Why, sir, put such
tt man as Loins Napoleon, or even Benedict Ar-
nold, witli his military genius, his general intel-
lect, his profligacy of character, his aspiring am-
bition; or such a man as Aaron Burr—put such
men as those in the presidential chair, and arm
them with all the power which these two meus
ures and the other measures of the same system
carry, and "what would prevent them from march-
ing over our Cor^stitution and erecting upon it*
rums an imperial throne?
What does this bill do in relation ta the whole
of the military population of the United States *
It divides it into two classes. The first classcon-
sists of all able-bodied men between the ages of
twenty and thiny-five, including the single men
above thirty-five, under forty-five. The other
class comprehends all the oilier military popula-
tion between thirty-five and forty-five. There is
to be a registry of this military population every
two years, in the month of March, when it is to
be divided into two classes upon the principles
named; and the President of the United States is
by this bill permanently clothed with the power
to make arrangements to draft from these two
classes the whole of both of them, in order, ac-
cording to his discretion. He is to exhaust the
first class before he can call on the second; and
whenever the country is in the condition of re-
sistance to the execution of the laws, in insurrec-
tion, rebellion, war, or invasion, he is clothed with
the general power of drafting the whole of the
first class of the entire military population of the
United States, and marching them, as the Com-
mander-in-Chief, upon any military enterprise
that his ambition may impel him to undertake.
Are gentlemen ready to clothe the President of the
United States with that enormous power as a per-
manent measure ? He is authorized to appoint
all the officers and to arrange all the machinery
nccessary for executing this system of conscrip-
tion in all the States and Territories. He ia
further authorized to appoint a Provost Marshal
General,arid provost marshals in all the congres-
sional or other districts into which he may par-
tition tlie whole United States for the purpose
ostensibly of enforcing the law, or putting down
domestic violence, but really to extend the pro-
jects of a sinister ambition. Are gentlemen ready
to invest him with this mighty power in addition
to the other enormous and dangerous ones with
which he is clothed by the legislation ofCongress
at tins and the last session ?
Mr. President, I would not vote for this as a
permanent measure, if any man was President of
the United States; but modified as I have indicated,
if I had confidence in the Administration, I would
be willing to pass it as a wai measure. If Mr.
Lincoln would resume the policy and principles
of carrying on the war which he had adopted
when he made his first call upon the people of the
United States to come to the fla^ ot their country
to put down this insurrection; if he would retrace
his steps and reoccupy the ground which lie and
th«vCongress of the United States then took and
declaiedto the country upon which they would
conduct this war, I would be willing to pass this
