440-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
I presume will take advantage of that admission,
as he is very apt to do of anything that can be
turned to the disadvantage of those who oppose
any measure which he may advocate—that I am
not very familiar with this bill or with the Navy;
and therefore perhaps it may be said that I ought
not to interfere with a bill which the Naval Com-
mittee has reported; but still I have had s.ome little
experience with regard to naval matters in the
Senate, and I wish to state to the Senate what that
experience is. I should be very glad if we could
have the attention of Senatois to this bill.
Very soon after I came into the Senate there
was organized—or perhaps before I came here; I
do not now recollect—what was known as a board
of naval officers to retire from the Navy officers
that were stated to be inefficient. We were in-
formed at that time that the Navy was full of su-
perannuated officers, old men, incapable of per-
forming their duties, who stood in the way of the
young active men, and it was necessary to retire
and get rid of a number of these officers. A board
was organized for that purpose, and a number
were retired. Well, sir, the Senate was besieged
and Senators were besieged, in season and out of
season, by all of the officers who had been retired.
The board that retired them was attacked on the
floor of the Senate, and denounced for acting im-
properly. Not only the officers retired, but then-
wives and daughters thronged about the Senate
Chamber, and every Senator was approached to
restore those officers; and they persisted in the
thing until I think they all got restored. Whether
there are any out that weie not restored I am not
certain. At any rate they had a new trial.
Now, sir, at the last session of Congress we
provided again forgetting lid of some of these of-
ficers. The Senate committee, I believe under the
auspices of my distinguished friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale]—he shakes his head—
under the auspices of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] for, together, they pretty much run the
Navy I believe, provided again for weeding out
the Navy. That weeding process lias been gone
through with, and it is found, after that is done,
that certainly very distinguished officers, just the
men that ought to have been left in, hare been left
out; and now comes in a bill to have another sitt-
ing. I do not know who is out or who is in. I
am not familiar enough with the Navy to name
the persons. But we have submitted this matter
to one advisory board, and now wo must have
another; and the result will bo, if this revisory
board does not restore the whole of them, at the
next session you will have another.
This bill also provides for enlarging the officers
of the Navy. The number of officers in the high
grades was limited by the act of the last session
of Congress, 1 mi not familiar enough with it
to give the limitation ; but with regard to admirals
I think it was nine.
Mr. HALE. It was nine.
Mr. TRIM BULL. Nine, the Senator from
New Hampshire says. Now they propose to en-
large it so as to make enough more to have places
for those men who, in resitting, it is found ought
to be made admirals. I wish 1 could speak as elo-
quently as my friend from New Hampshire did
yesterday about these " lame ducks" and " lame
officers;" but 1 am not able to do that. I do not
know that any of these parties are lame. I do
not know who they are; and therefore I am re-
flecting upon no one. But 1 desired to give my
experience m regard to these bills which we are
having every session to restore men to the Navy
after we get them out of it, or rather get them
retired from active service, leawng them in their
present positions. As soon as we do that, we are
besieged to bring them back again. It seems to
be an impossibility to organize a court which shall
pass upon the qualifications and the ability of
naval officers to perform service that will be sat-
isfactory to those gentlemen who are retired.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from*
Illinois will pardon the Chan. The morning
hour having expired, the bill (S. No. 470) to pro-
vide for tiie greater comfort of soldiers, and to
reorganize the medical department of the Army,
is now before the Senate as the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone that for the
purple of proceeding with the consideration of
the bill before the Senate. I think it ought to pass
at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor on the spe-
cial order.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is the
regular order of business. We adjourned on it
yesterday, and I want to proceed with it. As to
the bill called up this morning so hastily, I hope
we shall have time to reflect on it. I entertain
great doubts as to the propriety of its passage. I
hope we shall proceed with the regular business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is the day which was
set apart for the consideration of the Indian affairs
of Minnesota. A bill on that subject was pending
before the Senate a few days since, and, at my
suggestion, it was made the special order for this
day, and at this hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was made the
special order for yesterday, but was overridden
by the unfinished business of the previous day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was made a special
order for to-day, Thursday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Wednesday, the
21st instant, the lecordsays.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps there is no dis-
puting the record, although I know the fact to be
otherwise. Thursday was the day; and our com-
mittee have been acting with reference to taking
up those subjects to-day, and have been in ses-
sion two or three days, and several evenings on
questions of very great importance. It would
further the business of the Senate, and expedite
that business, if the day which was expected by
our committee, which was to-day, should be as-
signed to that business. 1 hope, therefore, that
the Senator from Massachusetts, who has a little
bill about the medioal department that he desires
to have considered, will lay that aside and allow
us to take up this important matter concerning
Minnesota. I think we can dispose of it in a shoit
time, and then I shall have no objection to taking
up his bill. I move, therefore, that all prior or-
ders be laid aside for the purpose of taking up the
bills pending in relation to Indian affairs in Min-
nesota.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to postpone ail prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the Senate joint resolution, (No. 109,) relating to
the Sioux nation of Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that motion, I shall
ask a division of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word in regard
to that. Whatever may be the opinion of the
Senate upon the bill which I ask them to continue
the consideration of, one thing is certain, that it
is the duty of the Senate to decide it one way or
the other. The Senator from Illinois may be light
about it, and I will admit this to him: If he had
said twice as much against that law that we passed
at the last session, arid said it twice as eloquently,
if that wore possible, he would not have said half
so much as I should like to say in the same strain.
Why,Mr.President,1 would resign my seat in the
Senate to-day, and go home content and wind up
my political 1 ifes if 1 could kill that bill at the same
time; but I cannot do it. This bill is necessary,
but whether we think well of the matter or not,
we ought at least to decide the question, so that
the great body of nominations that arc pending
before the Senate may be satisfactorily disposed
of. I think we could settle it in a little while, and
therefore I am opposed to taking up Indians be-
fore our own Navy. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to take
up the joint resolution indicated in his motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As the Sen-
ator says that business was specially set apart for
to-day by special assignment, I will withdraw all
opposition to it, and allow lum to proceed with it.
The motion of Mr. Doolittle was agreed to.
INDEMNITY 3>OR INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate joint reso-
lution (No. 109) in relation to the Sioux nation
of Indians is now before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There were three subject-
matters connected with Indian affairs in Minne-
sota before the Senate, and the question as to the
order in which they should be considered has been
discussed in the committee. We prefer to take up
the House bill bearing on that subject, and there-
fore I ask that that resolution be laid aside for the
purpose of taking up House bill No. 582, which
has already passed the House of Representa-
tives. ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be don?
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection. [After a pause.] The
Secretary informs the Chair that the bill has not
been reported from the committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That may have been by
the inadvertence of the committee. The Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 532) for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of depredations and
injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians, have
instructed me to report the following substitute
for the bill, which I ask to have considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be considered at the present
time. The Chair hears none. The bill and the
amendment will be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Secretary will al-
low me to take the bill, and I can get the attention
of the Senate, I prefer, if it is the pleasure of the
Senate, to read it myself, and explain it a little as
I go along; and, perhaps, in that way we can save
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President,in the midst
of this gigantic civil war we almost lose sight of
an Indian war upon our northwestern borders,
compared with which there is nothing in the whole
history of this country. We have read of mas-
sacres in New England, the massacre at Wyo-
ming, of massacres in New York, and in other
sections; but, sir, bad as they have been, there is
nothing in them all to be compared with the late
Indian massacre in Minnesota. Over five hun-
j dred persons, men, women, and children, have
i been butchered by Indians in cold blood, under
circumstances of barbarity compared with which
we have never read anything.
There are three propositions submited to the
Senate: first, to abrogate the treaties existing be-
tween the United States and the Indians who have
made war; second, to make indemnity, in whole
or in part, to the people of Minnesota who have
suffered by the depredations of these Indians; and
in the third place, to make provision for the re-
moval of these Indians from Minnesota. It is to
the two Hist of these propositions that I desire to
call the attention of the Senate. Upon that sub-
ject the House of Representatives have passed an
act by which it is proposed to appropriate the sum
of $1,500,000 for the purpose of paying the dam-
ages which have been sustained by the people of
Minnesota. The bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is before the Senate, contains
those provisions. That bill, on being referred to
th'e Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, under-
went a very elaborate consideration; and the com-
mittee, after several consultations on the subject,
arrived at the result which is embodied in the bill
now submitted to the Senate as a substitute for
the House bill. First, that in consequence of these
wan ton, unprovoked, and savage hostilities waged
by these bands of Indians against the citizens of
the United States, we declare all our treaty stip-
ulations with them annulled and abrogated; and,
second, that out of the annuities which become
due,or would have become due the presentyear to
those Indians, two thirds, or the sum of $100,000,
be paid over immediately into the hands of com-
missioners, for the purpose of distribution among
those families which have suffered the most by
those depredations, not exceeding $2C0 to any
one family. The same commissioners arc to be
authorized to hold their sittings in Minnesota, to
take testimony, to examine claims, to ascertain
the whole amount of damages which have been
suffered by those Indian depredations, and by the
troops of the United States in the prosecution of
this Indian war, and to report to the Secretary of
the Interior with the evidence taken on this sub-
ject, certified under their hands, to be by him laid
before the next Congress. After several consult-
j ations the committee were unanimous, at thru
j last meeting, that this was the wisest way m which
j to meet this whole question. The great and the
j main point was, whether the proposition of the
I House of Representativesshould be adopted, and
an appropriation be made in advarrceof $3,500,000
before the amounted of damages was ascertained.
