1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
measure substantially, and Invest him with all of
its powers as a war measure, to cease at the con-
clusion of the war. But believing as I do, in rela-
tion to his proclamations, their mischievous and
revolutionary character, I am not willing, until he
reoccupies the constitutional ground upon which
he once declared this war should be conducted, to
invest him with those powers.
I do not suppose, 1 have no dream that he will
make this change, and come back to the ground
which the whole country, with the exception of
the secessionists and their sympathizers, con-
ceded to be constitutional, wise, just, and proper.
When he occupied that ground the North was
undivided. There was no discontent among the
Union men. There was no difficulty then to get
volunteer soldiers to fight under the old flag for
the Union as it was and the Constitution as it is;
and, as the Senator fiom Virginia said this even-
ing, if Mr. Lincoln wishes now to reunite the
North, the Union men everywhere, to obtain sol-
diers without draft or conscription, and in such
numbers and with such devotion to the cause as
would enable them to bring the war speedily to a
close, let him repudiate the dictation of the abo-
litionists, reassume his own constitutional ground
that once received the universal approbation of
the Union men of America, and I would be will-
ing to answer that he would get soldiers enough
soon to put down the rebellion.
Mr. President, I think the course of events has
demonstrated very clearly what was the original
leading idea upon which this war was commenced
by the South. It was one that had long possessed
the extreme southern politicians. It was the idea
of having a separate confederate Government, in
which Charleston should be the .great commercial
emporium, the New York of the South. It is
idle now, i^is an exploded position, to say that
slavery was the cause of the war. Why, sir,
were not these southern politicians men of talent
and experience ? Were they not men who had
well weighed and examined their whole project?
Did they not know, if their purpose was to pre-
serve or get the best security for their slave prop-
erty only, that they would best, secure that end by
remaining in the Union ? That to attempt to secede
they would bring on a civil war that would great-
ly endanger slavery ? Did they not know that the
enemies of slavery would be much more effective
in their assault*? upon it, and much more active
in making these assaults as aliens than they would
as friends, ot quasi fiiends, under the same Gov-
ernment? Why, sir, every man in the State of
Kentucky knew what would be the result upon
slave property of this secession movement and
the war that was inevitably to follow it. Every-
body saw as certainly then as now that the
effect of it would be to bring slave property into
tenfold more jeopardy. Such has been the result,
and no man could dream that it would have been
different unless the South should succeed in estab-
lishing its independence and intervene the border
slave States as n baru<T and protection for the
cotton States against abolition movements.
There is another fact showing that the rebellion
was not produced by slavery, or any purpose to
give that property protection against Mr. Lin-
coln's principles or policy. If the members of
Congress from the seceding States had notseceded
the majority against him would have been about
twelve m the Senate and twenty-seven in the
House; and there was every probability that the
majoiity would have been against lum in both
H ousesduring Ins whole term, and consequently
th^re would have been no attack on slavery in Con-
gress for four years. The southern leaders had the
power to check and control all the President's pol-
icy, measures, and appointments; and they surren-
dered it and the Government into his hands. The
cotton State Democrats went into convention with
the Democrats of all the other States in Charleston
in 18G0. The delegates from the free States were
for Douglas fur Piesidentalmost withoutdivision,
and they adhered to him with unwavering con-
stancy in every effort of the convention to nomin-
ate a candidate. He had always before possessed
the entire confidence of the southern Democracy.
When Mr. Buchanan was nominated he was next
in their favor. The platform then adopted had
received the united support of free Statp and slave
State Democrats; and m the Charleston conven-
tion the friends of Douglas reproduced that plat-
form, with the principles declared in the Dr«d
Scott case by the Supreme Court, that Congress
could not alter the condition of persons or prop-
erty in the Territories as an additional plank.
Breckinridge never received the support of but
little more than one third of the convention, while
near two thirds adhered inflexibly to Douglas. If
slavery and its security had been the great idea of
the southern delegates, they would have thought
themselves fortunate in having a candidate whose
opinions on that subject were so nearly in accord
with their own, and they would have united on
Mr. Douglas, with full conviction that their sup-
port, combined with his strength in the free States,
would place him in the presidential chair. But
they were absorbed with other objects than an
apprehension of impending danger to slavery, and
this position is further proved by the present state
of things.
The abolition party is yet, as it always has
been, in a small minority in the free States. It
has from the first agitated for the destruction of
slavery, and for many years has labored to dis-
solve the Union as the surest and speediest means
of success in thfeir great object. The southern
secessionists have fora long time hailed the north-
ern abolitionists as their best friends, because they
wereequallyand incessantly working, though with
different motives, to the same end, the dissolution
of the Union. Neither could have initiated it,
but by their joint efforts they were at length able
to begin it; and what is the effect upon slavery?
It is now, and has been for months seriously
threatened with general overthrow, even in all the
cotton States, and the rebels see that great fact as
plainly as other people. They have sustained
their revolt with a unity, courage, fortitude, and
endurance that has baffled the calculations of the
woild. They have made the people of the loyal
States about as tiled of the war as they are; and
they aie still regarded by a large majority of that
people as their countrymen, whom they desire,
from considerations of interestand national power
and glory, to bring back to the Union and frater-
nity. The confederate leaders know full well that
the southern States could, whenever they willed
to do so, return to the Union with their full repre-
sentation in the Senate and the House, where they
would finS enough of sympathizers and protecting
friends, when united with their own representa-
tion, to take possession of the Government and
command all their constitutional rights of person
and property, slaves included.
But they return not, nor show any sign; and
why? Because their revolt did not originate out
of slavery. It dates away back to 1833, before
all slave agitation, and sprung from the delusions
that the principal amount of the duties upon im-
ports fall upon the exports of cotton, tobacco,
and rice, and that the planters of those articles
were made to enrich the northern manufacturers;
that if the planting States could be relieved from
that burden they would rapidly and greatly in-
crease in prosperity; and the only way in which
it could be removal from them was by their seces-
sion from the United States; and that the result
would be that the southern confederation would
have its own direct trade with Europe and the
world, by which a large mercantile marine would
be buiit up, Charleston would becomeagreatcom-
mercial emporium, the new republic of planters
would attain to a "wealth, power, and splendor un-
paralleled in ancient or modern times, and its im-
perial rule would belong alone to them and their
children. These gorgeous visions had so long pos-
sessed the mind and inflamed the imaginations of
the leading men of the South, as at length to con-
stitute the mission of theirhves. To realize them
they brought on this great revolt, and are uphold-
ing it with a heroism worthy of the noblest cause
to which man ever consecrated his immortal spirit.
Those leaders have cast their destiny upon the
issue, and their extermination or subjugation is
the one necessai y work:and when the masses can
be brought to separate from the leaders that work
is done. But eight million white people, occupy-
ing a country containing more than seven hundred
thousand square miles, and peculiarly adapted to
defense against military ana naval attacks, can-
not be conquered while they remain united. If
they were even overrun by armies they could not
be held, but sooner or later the incomplete con-
quest, would inevitably be abandoned.
If the seceded States are ever brought back it
must be mainly by the agenev of their own peo-
ple. In them a Union party must be formed, and
grow until it constitutes the majority, and is able
to wrest the State governments'from the grasp of
the revolutionary leaders. There is but one mode
by which such a party can be created. The masses
in those States must be made to believe that they
will have a better government, more security,
prosperity, and happiness in the old Union than
in the southern confederation. To produce this
conviction, the war upon their State governments,
upon their property, their slaves, their domestic
institutions, and social systems, must cease. They
must have full assurance that they will in the fu-
ture, as before the revolt, be protected by the
United States Government in the enjoyment of
.all their constitutional rights and liberties. Both
the President and the two Houses of Congress,
almost with entire unanimity, early in the rebel-
lion, promulged to the American people and the
world that such was to be the policy and objects
of the conflict on the part of the United States;
that when the insurgents came to obey the laws
the war should forthwith cease; that the States
in revolt should be remitted to their former posi-
tion in the Union, and their people to every right
which they had previously possessed. But tfi*s
solemn pledge, if not on the part of the Presi-
dent, with many members of the Houses of Con-
gress, was falsely and treacherously made with
the fullest purpose to violate it. At the earli-
est opportunity they showed their disregard of it
by introducing measures to abolish the govern-
ments of the seceded States and reduce them to
unorganized Territories, and create territorial gov-
ernments for them, by which slavery was to be
abolished and their social system reorganized.
The ultra radicals awed and subjugated the mod-
erate Republicans, and at length forced the Pres-
ident to an unconditional surrender, and like a cra-
ven and imbecile, to adopt all their revolutionary
measures in the teeth of his oft-plighted faith.
Such have been the infractions of the Constitu-
tion and the oppressive abuses and usurpations
of power, both by the President and his party in
Congress, that a large majority of the Union peo-
ple of America are at a loss to determine which
threatens the greatest evil, the administration of
Jeff Davis or Abraham Lincoln. If the first sliouljl
succeed, wc would have immediately the old Union
severed on the line between the free and the slave
States, soon to be followed by subdivisions, and
then never-ending antagonism and wars; if the
second prevails, we will have the Constitution,
popular government, and liberty subverted, and
the iron heel of a military despotism planted upon
the necks of the people of the free and the slave
States. But beyond both these dismal prospects
there is a brighter hope and destiny for our coun-
try. Lincoln's term is already half out. The
people are alarmed by the enormous abuses of his
administration, and have already returned to the
next House enough of Representatives to arrest
them. This, the only sovereign power, intends
to take the Governmentinto its own keeping,and
put into these plaees of hi h trust and power faith-
ful agents, who will administer it within the pale
of the Constitution, and to secure the ends for
which it was organized, the security, freedom, and
happiness of the people. The founders of our
Government knew that such abuses as now afflict
us must occasionally occur, and they provided a
remedy for them; not one tumultuous, violent,and
bloody, disturbing and rendering insecure all the
interests and the very structure of society, but one
peaceful and orderly, yet potent. That correcting
power is the ballot-box.and while the people are
capable of self-government it cannot fail. But to
be efficacious the exercise of vigilance, virtue, in-
telligence, patience, and fortitude by fhe people
are requisite; and if there ever was a time when
the cause of good government required the aid of
those qualities, it is now.
But, sir, that slavery was the cause of this rebel-
lion is now an exploded humbug, unless the propo-
sition be that it was produced by the aggressions of
the people of the free States upon slavery. Long be-
fore there was any popular movement on this sub-
ject in the slave States, anti-slavery societies were
organized in the northern States. Congress was
deluged with anti-slavery petitions. Lectures were
delivered, tracts published, sermons preached,
and novels written against slavery. Pictures
of cruelty to slaves by owners and overseers, in
every form that fancy could devise, were gotten
