1.863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
up and scattered over the free States, to influence
an uninformed and credulous people against it.
The nursery, the school-houses, the pulpits, every
phase and form of society was made to assume
the most active and rancorous hostility lo slavery
and slaveholders. It was denounced as " a cove-
nant with death and a league with he^H" and the
shout went forth, " no union with slaveholders;"
"the Union and Constitution must be destroyed
because they permit slavery." Thiswarupon it
has been another 14 thirty years war," and went
on extending and growing throughout that long
period, until it produced the John Brown raid on
Harper's Perry, and now the perversion of the
United States Government to its destruction. In
the free States it soon become an element of party
politics, and has lifted many small and ignoble
men to office and factitious consequence.
When the most lucrative and valuable property
of the cotton States was thus assailed from the
free Stntps, it was natural and inevitable that its
owners should devise ways to defend it. They
strove to impress upon the whole southern peo-
ple that this hostility to their peculiar property
was a pervading sentiment of the free States; that
it was increasing in intensity, and when circum-
stances were favorable would certainly produce
open and violent attacks upon it. Political con-
siderations early operated in the South also, and
for many years Mr. Calhoun and his followers
sought to unite the South in support of his anti-
tnrifF and nu41ifica(ion doctrines by having them
first united in the full conviction that all the peo-
ple of the North had determined to destroy their
propei ty m their slaves, and were not only wait-
in" for but were trying to make the opportunity
to effect it. And when the Republican party went
into convention and adopted a platform hostile to
slavery, and chose their candidates both for the
Presidency and Yicc Presidency from the free
States, on the ground of their avowed anti-slavery
sentimcntN,and he for the Presidency had declared
it impossible for the Union to continue with the
States partly free and partly slave, the southern
conspirators, on his election, succeeded in deluding
the people of the cotton States to sustain them in
their repudiation of the Union. Without the as-
sistance rendered them by the abolitionists they
never could have effected thisalienation, and hence
they denominated those abolitionists " thcii best
fi tends. " For a generation they have been ene-
mies to each other, but they have both been still
more inimical to the Constitution and the Union.
The secessionists refused to unite in the nom-
ination of Douglas, and persisted in nominating
Breckinridge for the purpose of dividing the Dem-
ocratic party sectionally by the free and slave
States, and certainly to elect "Lincoln. They knew
that so long as that party was united, and infolded
in us firm embrace both the northern and south-
ern States, the slave and the fiee, they could not
execute their diabolical purpose to sever the Union.
Their leaders knew Lincoln by having served in
Congress with him, and they were assured that
was the time for the flood-tide in their affairs;
that if they could sunder the Democratic party
by the slave line and secure the election ofLincoln
to the Presidency, they could rally the southern
States at least against it and precipitate them into
secession; and in the feebleness of both the out-
going and incoming Administration?, they might,
by a bold and rapid movement, lealize their long-
cherished project of a southern confederation.
Many of the abolition leaders had long despaired
of their success to abolish slavery while the'Con-
stitution and the Union endured, and they had
convinced themselves that disunion would for-
ward their work. These two factions were ani-
mated by a common hostility, and they were
always ready actively to cooperate in any sinis-
ter machinations that promised to destroy or to
weaken them. In the preliminary movement and
in the early stages of secession it met with no op-
position, but with encouragement from the aboli-
tion leaders; and it was not until they had con-
ceived hopes of bringing the President and his
party in Congress to trample upon the Constitu-
tion and pervert all the power of the Government
to the destruction of slavery, that they became
advocates of the war to suppress the rebellion.
Without this hope, their voice would have been,
" let the wayward sisters depart in peace;" and
if it were to be demonstrated to-morrow that the
success of our arms would result in the restora-
tion of the Union as it was and the Constitution
as it is, giving to slavery the same protection in
ail the States as before the rebellion, every man
of them would protest against striking the rebels
another blow.
But they are strengthened in their purpose to
overthrow slavery in the cotton States by another
motive, originating during the progress of the
war, cupidity. Another of their great schemes
is to exterminate or drive from the cotton States
all the planters, free their slaves, themselves pos-
sess ail the best cotton, rice, and sugar lands, take
possession of the negroes, and with them-work
those lands for their own benefit. Every base pas-
sion and motive are now impelling them to wield
the Government of the United States and all their
military and naval power, not to suppress the in-
surrection and execute the laws, but to subjugate
the southern States to the condition of the British
West Indies. They have already taken posses-
sion of extensive cotton and su^ar estates and
large numbers of slaves in Louisiana and South
Carolina, and on their own private account are
working them. The True South, an abolition
paper published in South Carolina, is advocating
the adoption of this system generally. A firm in
Vermont has put upon the desks of members of
Congress a proposition to hire ten thousand ne-
groes, and enter upon the cultivation of the south-
ern staples; and Eli Thayer, of Massachusetts,
proposes to take possession of all Florida. A part
of their scheme is to have negro regiments and
foreign mercenaries in the military service of the
United States to protect them against the south-
ern people, to whom both the country and the
negroes belong.
To show the judgment of Mr. Clay of the ab-
olitionists, I will present several extracts from a
speech delivered by him in the-Senate, February,
1839:
" Mr. President, itjs not true, and T rejoice that it i« not
tiue, that either of the two great parties m tins country lias
any designs or aim at abolition. I should deeply lament if
it wore true. I should consular, if it wore tiuc, that the
dangoi to the stability of oui system would bo infinitely
greatoi than any which does, I hope, actually exist. VVIule
neither patty can he, I think, justly accused of any aboli-
tion tendency or puiposc, both have profited, and hoth have
been injured, in paiticulai localities, by the accession orab-
straetion of abolition suppoit. If the account were fanly
stated, 1 believe the pauy to which I am opposed has prof-
iled much mote, and been mjuied much less, than that to
which I belong But J am far, for that reason, fiom being
disposed to accuse our adversaries of being abolitionists."
"Mi. President, at tbepeiiod of the formation of our Con-
stitution, and afterward, our patriotic ancestors apprehend-
ed danger to the Union from I wo cau-H s. One was the Alle-
ghanv mountains, dividing the waters which flow into the
Atlantic ocean from those which found their outlet in the
Gulf ot Mexico. They seemed to present a natural sepa-
lation. That dangei ha«> vanished befoio the noble achieve-
ments of the spirit of internal improvement and the immor-
tal genius of Fulton. And now nowhere is found a mote
loyal attachment to the Union than among those very west-
ern people who, it was appieheuded, would be the fn&t to
buist its tie^.
"The other cause, domestic slavery, happily the sole re-
maining; cau^e which i-= likelytodisturboui harmony,con-
tinue- to exist. It was this which created the greatest ob-
stacle, and the most anxious solicitude, m the deliberations
of the convention that adopted the gencial Constitution.
And it i^ this subject Hint hrw ever been regarded with the
deepest anxiety by all who aie sincerely desirous of the
peimaneney of our Union. The Father of Ins Country, in
ins la«t affecting and solemn appeal to his fellww-citizens,
depieeated, as a mo-t calamitous event, the geographical
divisions winch it might produce-. The c invention wisely
left to the several States the power over the institution of
slavery, as a power not necessary to the plan of union
which it devised, and as otic with which the General Gov-
ernment could not be invested without planting the seeds of
certain de<-nuctlon. Theielct it remain undmuibed by any
unhallowed hand
" Sn, I am not in the Ini-bitof speaking lightly of the pos-
sibility ot dissolving this happy Union. The. Senate knows
that i'hrivv deprecated allusions, on oidmary occasions, to
that direful e\ i nt Tne countiy will testily that if there be
amtlnngm the histoiy of my public career worthy of rec-
olleeiion, it i-> the nuth .uul s-meemy ot my ardent devo-
tion to i's la-ting pr  -etvation. J ut we should be lalse in
our allegiance to it i< we did not duciiminatc between the
linaginaiyand real dangers b> which it may be assailed.
Abolition should no longer be legaided a« an imaginary
danger. The abolitionists, let me suppose, succeed in their
pu*>eiit aim oi mining the inhabitants of the tree states, as
one man, agr-inst the inhabitants ot the slave State-;. Union
on the one Vide will beget union onlhe other. And this pro-
cess of recipiocal consolidation will be attended with all
the violent prejudices, embittered pa-.sion^ and implacable
animosities, which < ver deg: aded or dctoi nipd human na-
tine. A vntual dissolution of the Union will have taken
place, while the forms of its existence remain. The most
valuable eleuicntof union, mutual kindlier, the n><'hng> or
sjmpathy, the fraternal bond-, which now happily unite
us, will have been extinguished for ever. One section will
stand in menacing and hostile ariay against the other. The
collision of opinion wili be quickly followed by the clash of
arms. I will not attempt to describe scenes which now hap-
pily lie concealed from our view. Abolitionists themselves
would shrink back in dismay and horror at the comtempia-
tion of desolated fields, conflagrated cities, murdered in-
habitants,-and the overthrow of the fairest fabric of human
government that over rose to animate the hopes of civilized
man. Nor should these abolitionists flatter themselves that
if they can succeed in their object of uniting the people of
the free States, they will enter the contc&t with a numeri-
cal superiority that must insure victory. All history and
experience pioves the hazard and uncertainty of war. And
we are admonished by holy writ that the race is not to Uie
swift nor the battle to the strong. Butif they were to con-
quer, whom would they conquer? A foreign foe, one who
had insulted our flag, invaded our shores, and laid our coun-
try waste ? No, sir; no sir. It would be aconquesl with- "
out laurels, without glory; a self, a suicidal conquest; a
conquest of brothers over brothers, achieved by one over
another portion of the descendants of common ancestors,
who, nobly pledging their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor, had fought and bled side by side in many a
hard battle on land and ocean, severed our country from
the British Crown, and established our national independ-
ence.
" The inhabitants of the slave States are sometimes ac-
cused by their northern brethren with displaying too much
rashness and sensibility to the operations and proceedings
of abolitionists. But, before they can be rightly judged,
there should be a reversal of conditions. Let me suppose
that the people of the slave States were to form societies,
subsidize presses,make large pecuniary contributions,send
forth numerous missionaries throughout all their own bor-
ders, and enter into machinations to burn the beautiful cap-
itals, destroy the productive manufactories, and sink in the
ocean the gallant ships of the northern States. Would
these incendiary proceedings he regarded as neighborly and
fnendly, and consistent with the fraternal sentiments which
should ever be cherished by one portion of the Union to-
ward another? Would they excite no emotion, occasion
no manifestations of dissatisfaction, nor lead to any acts of
ictaliatoiy violence ? But the supposed case falls far short
of the actual one itra most essential circumstance. In no
contingency could these capitals, manufactories, and ships^
rise in rebellion, and massacre inhabitants of the northern
States."
Mr. Clay concludes this speech as follows"
a If one dark spot exists on our political horizon, is it
not obscuied by the bright and effulgent and cheering light
that beams all around us? Was ever a people before so
blessed as we are, if true to ourselves? Did over any other
nation contain within its bosom so many elements of pros-
perity, of gieatness, and ofgloiy ? Our only real dangei lies
ahead,conspicuous,elevated, and visible. It was clearly dis-
cerned at the commencement, and distinctly seen through-
out our whole career. Shall we wantonly run upon it, and
destroy all the glorious anticipations of the high destiny (that
awaits us ? i beseech the abolitionists themselves solemnly
to pause in their mad and fatal course. Amid the infinite
variety of objects of humanity and benevolence which in-
vite the employment of their energies, let thein select some
one more harmless, that does not threaten to deluge our
country in blood. I call upon that small portion of the clerjiy
which has lent itself to the e wild and ruinous schemes,
not to forget the holy nature of the divine mission of the
founder of our religion, and to profit by IJis peaceful exam-
ple?. I intreat that portion of my countrywomen who have
given their countenance to abolition, to remember that they
are ever most loved and honored when moving in their own
appiopriate and delightful sphere; and to reflect that tins
ink which they shed in subscribing with their fair liandi
abolition petitions, may prove but the pu lude to the shed-
ding of the blood of their brethren. I adjure all the inhab-
itants of the free States to rebuke and discountenance, by
their opinion and their example, measures which must in-
evitably lead to the most calamitous consequences. And
let us all, as countrymen, as friends, and as brothers, cher-
ish in unfading memory the motto which bore our ances-
tors triumphantly through all the trials of the Revolution,
a^, if adhered to, it will conduct their posterity through all
that may, in the dispensations of Providence, be reserved
for them."
Mr. President, we have heard a great deal of cant
about preserving the national life. The Consti-
tution and the Union form the national life, and
secession and abolition are the two felons nnd mur-
derers that have conspired to destroy it; but the
people will yet strangle both the parricides. The
President, inefficient, pusillanimous, nnd perfidi-
ous as he is, by the Constitution is the chiefagentto
conduct the war for the suppression of the rebellion;
and however feebly, and with whatever sinister
purposes he may be performing this great and most
difficult duty, to save the national life, wo must
sustain him with all our resources. It is n«t his
cause, but the cause of the country and mankind,
and if the people relax their suppoi t it will be lost
forever. If the rebellion can be quelled, and both
southern States rights and abnluionism forever
crushed out, it will be ample compensation for all
the enormous waste of life and treasure. It we
fail, it will not be for the want of men and every
military appointment; for such ample means were
never before intrusted to man; it will result from
the imbecility andmeddlingof the President with
military operations, and the violated faith and
abuse and usurpation of power by him and his
party in Congress. The contest is for the Union,
for constitutional liberty, for man's self-govern-
I ment; and if it cannot be won under his rule, it
II must be continued until the ballot-box will bring
