1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
44:1
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator permit
me to say one word?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood the Senator
to remark that the committee were unanimously
agreed that the present bill was the wisest, and
embodied the wisest plan. I wish simply to say
that I was in favor of the appropriation of the
House of Representatives, and still believe that
appropriation to be just and proper; but the com-
mittee thought otherwise, and 1 do not see lit to
make a minority report.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President,the Sena-
tor from Minnesota is correct on that subject. He
was of opinion that it would be better to pass the
House bill; and if I, by inadvertence, stated that
the opinion of the committee was unanimous on
the subject, I did him injustice.
Now, if I can get the ear of the Senate, I desire
to read this bill, section by section, and it will be
all the speech that I desire to make; for, after read-
ing it, 1 shall ask a vote of the Senate upon this
as a substitute for the House bill:
Whereas, the United States hcietofore became bound by
treaty stipulations to the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawa-
kanton, and Wahpakoota bands of the Dakota or Sioux In-
dians to pay large sums of money and annuities, the greater
portion of which remaps unpaid according to the terms of
said treaty stipulations; and wheieas, d uiing the past year
the aforesaid hand* of Indians made an unprovoked, aggres-
sive, and most savage war upon the United States, and mas-
sacred a Jarge number of men, women, and children,imhm
the State of Minnesota, and destroyed and damaged a large
amount of propeity, and thereby have foifeited alt ju->t
claim to the said moneys and annuities to the United Stares.
And wheieas, it is ju^tand equitable that the persons whose
property has been destroyed or damaged by the said In-
dians, or destroyed oi damaged by the troops of the United
States in said war, should be indemnified in whole or m
part out of the indebtedness and annuities so forfeited as
aforesaid : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of j3.mej icain Congressassembled.That
all tieatics heietotore made and enteied into by the Sisse-
ton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and VVahpakoota bands of
Sioux or Dakota Indian's, oi any of them, with the United
States, are heieby declared lo be abrogated and annulled,
and all lands, lights of occupancy, annuities, and claims
heretofoie accorded to said Indians, or any of them, to be
foifeited to the United States.
•Sec. 2. .6tnd he it further enacted, That the sum of
$100,000, being two thiids of the annuities becoming due
and payable to said Indians duting the next fiscal year, is
hei'-by appiopnated and shall he paid fioni the Tieasuiy
of the United States, out of any money riot otherwNe ap-
piopiiated, to the commi.^ioneis hereinafter piovided foi,
to he apportioned by them among the headsof families, oi,
in cum! of their dceeaso, among the surviving membeis of
families of the State of Minnesota, who suffered damage
by the depredations of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawa-
kamon. ami VVahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dacota in-
dians,oi by the tioops nt tin- United States, in the late In-
dian war in the State of Minnesota, not exceeding the sum
of $200 to any one family, not the actual damages afoie-
sanl ; itnd no moneys shall bo paid undei this section ex-
cept upon those claims which shall be piesented to said
commi.-^ioners on oi befoietho 1st day ol June next, tor
the pa\menr of which the -said commissioners shall take
and return to the Secrwaiy of tin* Intmor nud tothe Sec-
retary of ihe Treasury duplicate voucheis therefor, certified
by them.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted. That, lor the purpose
of making the piopei distil bution ot the money* heiebv ap-
propriated tbrtiie pie-ent relief of such families, and for
tiie puiposc of a.->cei turning the whole amount of said dam-
ages, and the pei-on* who have suffered the same, it shall
be iawtul lor the Pie-idem, by and wall the advice and con-
sent ofthe Senate, to appoint three commissioners,not moie
than one- of whom - hall bo a resident of Minnesota, who
shall take an oath, in the manner pre-cubed by the laws
of the United States, to faithlully disehaige their duties;
they shall euteuam and hear the complaint-, in wilting,
duly verified on oarh, of all and everv person aggueved by
the depredations of sud Indians and by the tioops of the
United States in said wai ; they shall have powei to com-
pel the attendance of witnesses, and to admimstei the
piopei oaths to them to testily the tiutli; they shall have
power to compel the claimants to be examined and ero-s
examined on oath to be administered by them as to their
said claim ; they shall bold then se-xions nt Mich limes and
places as will give the peiaons complaining the fan est op-
portunity of verifying their claim with the1ea->t expense ;
they shall take cats that no unjust oi fictitious claim shall
be established; and if they have any leason to suppose tliat
any such claim is piesented, they shall have powei, and it
shall be their duty, to piocure any countervailing pioof, to
their knowledge, that Hie same maybe finally i ejected.
The testimony of the whne—e- and the examination of the
complainant shall be reduced to writing, signed, and certi-
fied by them lespectively, and shall, with the petition and
all the papeis relating to each case, with the finding of the
commission, be tian-'initted to the Seeretai y of the Jnteuoi
for hi5! approval, lejcction, or modification, to be by lum
laid betore the next Congress.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it fur iher enacted, That said commission-
ers shall hold then first session at St. Peteis, in the State
of Minnesota, on or betoie the 1st day oi April ne\t, fot the
heaiing of claimant*, and that all chums mu-t be pi evented
to said coinmiNsioners on oi beioie the 1st day ot Septem-
ber next, or the same shall not he heard by tliem : and the
said commisoioneu •dull make and leturn their finding,
and all the papers relating thereto, on or before the 1st day
of December next.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That said commission-
ers shall receive for their services and expenses the sum of
$2,500 each, and they are authorized to depute a proper per-
son to summon witnesses, who shall be entitled to receive
his actual expenses, to be allowed by said commission-
ers, and the sum of three dollars per day for his services.
Witnesses' fees for attendance may be allowed by the said
commissioners, not to exceed the fees allowed by the laws
of Minnesota for witnesses attending justice's courts; and
for pacing the expenses of said commissioners the further
sum of $10,000 is hereby appropriated out of the said an-
nuities in the Treasury of the United States, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to pay the same.
See. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior, immediately aftei the passage of this act, shall
cause the same to be published in four of the newspapers
ol the State of Minnesota which, in his opinion, will give
the most publicity to the same among the people who have
suffered by said depredations, and give notice of the first
meeting ot said commissioners, the expenses to be paid out
of the sum appiopriated in the next pieeeding section. A
rnajoiity of the commission may select their piesidmg offi-
ce!, and shall be competent to decide all questions aiising
befoie them.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the complain-
ant or any witness testifying betoie said commissioners
shall be guilty ot perjuiv, he shall, upon conviction thereof
in the piopercomt of the United States, suffer the pains and
penalties prescribed by the laws of the United States for
that offense.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior is heieby authorized to set apait of the public
lands, not otherwise appiopriated, one hundied and sixty
acies, in severalty, to each individual of the before-named
bands who exerted themselves ui rescuing the whites fiom
the late massacre of said Indians. And there shall be an-
nually paid to each of said Indians, so long as he or she
shall live, the sum of fifty dollars. The land so set apart
shall not be subject to any tax, (oifeituic, or sale, by pro-
cess of law, and shall not be aliened or devised, except by
the consent ofthe President ot the United States, but shall
be an inheritance to said Indians and then heirs loiever,
Mr. President, it will be seen, as I have stated,
that the first section of the bill abrogates the trea-
ties with these Indians. The second section pro-
vides for the payment of two thirds ofthe annui-
ties that will become due to the Indians this year
into the hands of commissioners, to relieve the
piesent immediate necessities of those families
that have been driven from their homes by these
Indian dcpiedations. The next section provides
that these commissioners shall be authorized to
hold their sittings in Minnesota to hear the whole
of the claims presented, to ascertain the amount,
afid to return the same, with the testimony, to the
Secretary of the Interior, to be by him laid before
the next Congtess; and then, after having ascer-
tained the amount of these damages, the question
will be before us to act in view of all the facts, in
view of the amount of damages which have been
actually suffered by the people of Minnesota. At
the present moment there is a great variety of
opinion on the subject. Some, perhaps, would
estimate the damages committed by the Indians
as much greater than the whole amount of these
Indian annuities. Others, perhaps, would main-
tain that the amount of these damages would not
call for one half the amount of those annuities.
We are entirely without the facts sufficient to show
or to estimate, with any degree of certainty, the
amount of these damages; and therefore the ne-
cessity, in my judgment, that these commissioners
should sit before we come to act on the subject.
We thought that the damasks suffered would
amount to much more than $100,000; and if the
sum of $100,000 wore put into the hands of the
commissioners now, instead of being paid over to
these Indians, as they would be under this treaty,
it might relieve the pressing necessities of those
people. It is not to exceed $200 to a family to
enable them to get back to their farms.
Perhaps I ought to state to the Senate the whole
amount of these annuities. It is at the present
time a little difficult to estimate their true value.
The annuities arc to run on for forty years from
the present time. The annuity is equivalent to
about $150,000, to be paid annually from this
time forward for forty yeais, and upon a sum of
$300,000 five per cent, is to be paid in perpetuity,
or, rather, there is a perpetual annuity of $15,000.
In order to arrive at or to estimate the present
value of these annuities, you must take into con-
sideration the present value of money, and how
much it would cost us if we were to go into the
maiket now to raise the money necessary to pay
off these annuities in advance. The money is not
yet due to these Indians; and therefore, upon the
whole, the committee are in favor of having this
substuuteadopted in place of the House bill. We
believe that it wil! in the end do justice to all these
parties, do justice to the United States, and do
justice to the citizens of Minnesota, while-it will
properly punish these Indians for their depreda^
tions. I therefore move to strike out all after the
en.acting clause of the bill, and insert the substi-
tute reported .by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The bill as it came from the House
will first be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, <§*c., That, for the purpose of indemnifying
persons who havesuffered damages from depredations com-
mitted by the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and
VVahpakoota bands ofthe Dakota or Stonx Indians, there
is hereby appropriated the sum of $1,500,000, or so much
theieofas may be necessary,from the'jVeasuryofthe Uni-
ted States, out of any money not otherwise appropriated;
the said sum, when so taken, to be charged to and to bo a
jiro tanto extinguishment ofthe trust funds of said Indians
held by the United States pursuant to the treaties of the
United States with said Indians.
Sec. 2. rid be it fwither enacted, That, for the purpose
of a*cei taming the amount of said damage*, and the persons
entitled to be indemnified out ofthe moneys heieby appro-/'
priated, it shall be lawlul for the Secretaiy of the'Jntei tor
to appoint a commission, consisting of three discieet pri-
sons, who shall take the oath presciibed by the laws ot the
United States to faithfully discharge their duties; thev shall
entertain and hear the complaints of all and eveiy person
aggrieved by the depredations of said Indians; they shall
have power to eompcl the attendance of witnesses,"and to
administer the propei oaths to them to testily the tiuth;
they shall hold their sessions at such times and places as
will give the person* complaining thefairest opportunity of
verifying then claim with the least expense; they shall take
care that no unjust or fictitious claim shall be established ;
and if they havo any reason to suppose that any such claim
is presented, they shall have power, and it shall be their
duty, to procure any countervailing pioof, to their knowl-
edge, that the same may be finally rejected. The testimony
of the witnesses shall be reduced to writing, and signed by
them, respectively, and shall, with the petition and all the
papers totaling to each case, with the finding of the com-
mission, be tiaubimttcd to the Secretary ofthe Interior for
his appioval, rejection, or modification, as to him shall seem
just and consistent with the laws of the United States and
the treaty with ."-aid Indians. A majority of the commis-
sion shall formaquoitun and becompetenuo act in all cn-sc*.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any witness
testifying befoie said commission shall be guilty of pei jiuy,
said witness shall, upon conviction in the proper court of
the United States,suffer the pains and penalties picsoiibed
by the laws ol the United States for that offense. The Sec-
ictary of the (nterioi is hereby authoiized to set npaitof
the public land*, not otherwise appropriated, one hundred
and sixty acres to each individual of the before-named
bands who exerted themselves m lescuing the white* fiom
the late massacre of said Indians; and, out of the money
hereby appropnated,hc is hereby authorized to cause Mich
improvement* to be made theieon, and to furni.-h said In-
dians with Mich implements and domestic animals u* will
enable thr-m to sustain themselves by agiieultme. And
theie shall be annunll} paid to each of said Indians, so long
as he or they live, the sum of fifty dollars. The land so set
apait fhall not be Mibject to any tax, forfeituie, or -.ale, by
pioeiss oflaw, and shall not be aliened or devised, except
by the consent ol the Piesident of the United States, but
shall be an inheritance to said Indians and their heirs for-
ever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Commit-,
tee on Indian Affairs propose to strike out all that
has been read, and to insert a substitute.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What is proposed to bo
inserted is what I have just read to the Senate.
Mr. RICE. 1 should like to have it read by the
Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
again.
The Secretary a^mn read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment iu the form of a substitute
reported by the committee. «
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I do not
know that any remarks I can make will induce
the Senate to adhere to the House bill,as against
this substitute which has been reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs. The House of "Rep-
resentatives propose to uppropnate $1,500,000 out
ofthe annuities belonging; to those Indians to in-
demnify the citizens of Minnesota, and also pro-
vide a commission to settle and determine their
claims. It is suggested to me by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] that
he should like to have these different bills printed.
I am very anxious to have this matter determined
as soon as may be; but unless the chairman of
^e Committee on Indian Afi'airs should object to
it, I propose that these bills shall he over until
to-morrow, in order that they may bo printed. So
far as I am concerned, I think I understand them
now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
their lying over until to-morrow morning', if it is
the understanding that they are to be taken up to-
morrow morning and disposed of. I think they
