1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wmi:
public enemies, who had been guilty of an act of
war against the Government of the United States?
Mr. POWELL. That is a compound question.
It is two questions. I will answer both with a great
deal of pleasure. I can say to the Senator that it
would have been perfectly justifiable if these peo-
ple were engaged in war with (he Government, to
kill them in the conflict, but never after they weie
arrested. If they were arrested, they should be
tried, and executed if found guilty, according to
the laws. If they were in open hostility to the
Government while they were m the conflict of
arms, it would be perfectly right to slay them in
battle; but even if they were in open confiictand
at war, the President, or anybody else who would
execute them after they were seized as prisoners,
without havingfirst tried them by the law—I mean
either the military law or the civil law, whichever
might be properly applicable to the case—would
be eternally disgraced; and I trust th^ Senator from
Ohio will concur with me in that. Kill them while
in open conlhct; but after surrender* if they have
done anything m violation of the laws, try and
punish them according to the laws, if it was a
military offense, and they were soldiers or spies,
try and punish tit em according to the military law;
butif the offense committed was an offense against
the civil iaws, try and punish them accoidmg- to
those laws. Whatever law they infracted, try
them under the law, and punish them according
to the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to my under-
standing of the answer of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, the only objection he makes to
the conduct of the President is, that after having
arrested the mm who had been guilty of an open
actof war, Kane and the rest, he did not try them
and execute them; and in that 1 agree with him
exactly. 1 believe the President tailed to do his
duty m not trying and executing those men who
were guilty of open acts of war in the State of ,
Maryland. Theieldo not disagree with the Sen- I
ator; but upon the question of the arrest he and I j
agree exactly. 1
Mr. POWELL. This is the first time 1 ever
heard that the police commissioners and the mem-
bers of the Maryland Legislature were charged
with bridge burning.
Mr. SHERMAN. The marshal of the city
and the police commissioners and others were. !
Mr. POWELL. And members of the Mary- j
land Legislature r
Mr. SHERMAN. One member of the Mary-
land Legislature, i think, advised it and incited to
it; but I do not say how many of them were con-
cerned in it, because I am not awareofthe particu-
lar facts. The arrest of the members of the Mary-
land Legislature, however, was clearly justified
on another ground. I will not go into that; but I
speak of Kane and those men who took up arms
against the armed forces of the United States, and
who afterwards burnt the bridges, with a view to
prevent men coming to (he defense of the capital.
They were engaged in open war against the Uni-
ted States; they were subsequently arrested: nnd
the only fault I ever found with the Government
in that matter was that they were not tried by
court-martial and shot.
Mr. KENNEDY, I think the honorable S?n-
ator from Ohio s.iid that one member of the Ma-
ryland Legislature advised the burning of the
bridges. Will he be kind enough to state who it
was? 1 am really unaware of the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. The name of the member
is on my mind. My impiession it that one mem-
ber incited and advised it at a public meeting at
Baltimore; but lest I might be mistaken 1 prefer
not to name the member. My impression is that
a member of the Senate was present at a public
meeting which advised and incited to the burning
the bridges, but lest I might be mistaken in that,
I prefer not to mention his name, though I think
there is n<  doubt of the
Mr. POWELL. I will assure the honorable
Senator from Ohio he will never find me justify-
ing men for \ioiating the law and committing
crime, if they do it,let them be punished by the
law. That is the position I always held; but i
have not before heard that either the police com-
missioners of Baltimore or the members of the
Maiyland Legislature were accused of bridge^
burning.* I do know that at the extra session of
this Congress in July, 1861, those police commis-
sioners presented a very elaborate memurial to
Congress, and it was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, of which I am a member. They
set forth in their memorial their whole acts, or
what purported to be their entire acts in connec-
tion with that whole matter of the troops passing
through Baltimore. They averred that they were
innocent of any offense. They said they had been
depiived of their liberty and imprisoned by the
officers of the United States Government without
any cause. They demanded one of two things,
either to be taken before the courts and tried, or
to be released. The Committee on the Judiciary
declined to report anything for their relief. I, as
a minority of that committee, did introduce a pre-
amble and joint resolution saying that it was the
opinion of*this Congress that they should either
be tried according to law or that they should be
released, and thirteen votes weie the highest I
could ever get to take up the subject for consid-
eration. The statements made by the police com-
missioners in their memorial to Congress were
never controverted or denied in the committee or
in the Senate.
These aie the facts within my knowledge. So
far as that memorial is concerned, at that early day
they stood forth defending themselves, saying that
they were innocent of any offense, demanding to
be tried before the courts; and the American Con-
gress refused to express an opinion that those gen-
tlemen should be tried or that they should be re-
leased, and some of them remained in piison as
long as seventeen months before they were re-
leased. But so far as the bridge burning is con-
cerned, I heard it said at the time, and t have heard
it since, whether true or not I do not know, that
his excellency the Governor of Maryland advised
the burning of those bridges. He is here and can
answer if the impression 1 have is wrong. ^ *
Mr. HICKS. Through the newspapersand in
circulars scattered broadcast through the State of
Maiyland, I have pronounced the charge toi)e
i false.
! Mr. POWELL. I am glad to hear the Senator
! pronounce it false. I have not seen his card or his
circulars. 1 only know that I heard it said that
the Senator, as Governor, advised it. Well, sir,
I was a little off the subject. I was speaking of
the honorable Senatorsaymgthat he would justify
; the President for executing some forty of his con-
i stituents. I was astonished when the honorable
' Senator from Maryland stated that he would ex-
' cusc the President for executing forty of his con-
| stitnentK—for i understood him to be speaking of
j the arrests in the State of Maryland—without
; trial. Sir, the innocent might have fallen with the
guilty. The Senator must remember that it is writ-
ten in the Book of books that it is better that ninet y
and nine of the guilty should escape than that one
innocent man should suffer. He seems to have for-
' gotten that divine precept, and would justify the
. President in executing even forty.
; Mr. IIICKS. I alluded to men who were guilty,
ij Mr. POWELL. I do the Senator the justice
to say that \ suppose he meant that; but the prc-
!j sumption is that the honorable Senator's constit-
: uents who were arrested were innocent men—the
H law presumes all innocent until their guilt is made
1 j manifest before the tribunals appointed by the law
jl totry them—foraftersulTt ring long imprisonment,
!; after languishing months m the hasules of the
■ j North, not one of them, so far as I am advised,
!l has ever been tiicd before a court, though, per-
il haps, one or two were indicted. I know that
: Mr. Gatcheil, that the two Messrs. Howaid,and
others, were released alter some seven teen months
confinement without ever being tried. The pre-
!• sumption is that they were innocent. Jf they were
1 guilty, the Government that turned out the guilty
j; without taking them befme the legal tribunals and
i: punishing them for their offenses, stands itself
confessed a criminal. I pronounce that Govern-
I; ment ciimina! that would allow those guilty of
treason oi other offenses against the Government,
jl when it had them in its custody and in prison, to
'i escape without trial and punishment. The gen-
'j tlemen I have named were released without a
ji charge having been made against them, without
ij a trial.
; i The honorable Senator ought to know that i nno-
\\ cent men are sometimes accused. He says that
b he was charged with advising this budge burning,
j I am happy to find that the Senatoi had nothing
I! todowithit. He says he has both denied it in the
! press and in circulars. He suffered somewhat in
reputation when he was charged with having ad*
vised the burning of these bridges, but he denies
it, and I accept his denial; but I will say to the
honorable Senator, that under that false charge he
might have been arrested,and his head might have
fallen among the forty, if the President had been ftp.
vindictive as to chop off heads for bridge burning.
In that way he, an innocent man, might; have
suffered. \ may say to the honorable Senator that
I have seen in a pamphlet, which was laid on my
table some few days ago, what purports to be an
extract from a letter of the honorable Senator to
Mr. Webster, his colleague in the House of Rep-
resentatives, concerning guns that were desired to
arm a certain company in Maryland, in which he
put the question, "will they be good men to send
out to kill Lincoln and his men? If not, I suppose
the arms would be better sent South." If the men
into whose hands the arms were to be placed were
not good men to kill Lincoln and his men, the
inference is clear that he desired the arms sent
South. The honorable Senator perhaps never
wrote such a letter; he is present and can answer 
Mr. HICKS. That whole matter has been
thoroughly explained through the newspapers.
The letter was written to Colonel Webster. I
was writing to a friend, a good Union man, and
made use of a playful remark, which was well
understood by hi.m.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know whether it was
playful or not.
Mr. HICKS. I know it.
Mr. POWELL. But it was a singular kind of
game to play at the time. This war had just broke
out. I accept what the Senator says when he re-
gards it as playful. Of course I know nothing
about the letter. I saw it quoted in the pamphlet
to which I have referred. But suppose that at that
time, when President Lincoln was very much ex-
cited, and thought everybody, particularly in a
slave State, was an enemy, he had possessed him-
self of that letter of the Senator, and had turned
in to executing people who were charged with
crime, he would have had under the hand of the
honorable Senator a letter inquiiing if the men
into whose hands these guns were to be placed
were good men to kill Lincoln and his men," and
in his frenzy he might have ordered the honor-
able Senator to be executed without trial. I men-
tion these things to let the Senator see that this
thing of executing without trial is very dangerous
business. 1 have no idea myself that the honor-
able Senator intended anything wrong by the let-
ter. He says he did not. 1 accept his statement.
Mr. HICKS. Allow me to remark, that to pick
out playful remarks in a private letter and drag
them into debate in this Senate Chamber, is de-
scending to very small business.
Mr. POWELL. It is the first time I ever heard
it was a private letter. 1 saw it in a printed pamph-
let. The Senator admits it was there. I adduce
it, not to criminate the Senator, but for the pur-
pose of showing the Senator the great error into
which he has fallen when he says that he would
have justified the President in executing forty men
without trial.
Mr. HICKS. If the Senator will allow me, I
■will explain the whole thing.
Mr. POWELL. I will hear you with great
pleasure. I accept all your explanations.
The PRES! DENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield the floor?
Mr. POWELL. 'Yes, sir, with very great pleas-
ure; but I will make one remark more. I accept
all the honorable Senator's explanations. I im-
pute no wrong to htm. He says it was playful.
I am using it,'not lor the purpose of criminating
him, but to expose an enoneons position which
1 think he has taken. That is all.
Mr. HICKS. That letter was written to a
thoroughly loyal man, who knew the fact that
Mr. Lincoln's life had been threatened as he came
on to the seat of Government. There was noth-
ing serious in it, but it fell into the hands of a
gentleman named Slump, who has joined the reb-
els, who made a great auo about it. The whole
matter has been fully explained.
Mr. POWELL. I am notcharging the honor-
able Senator with criminality, but merely using
the letter as an argument to show the error of the
honorable Senator's opinion; that innocent men
might fall if you should justify the executing of
a man wUhout his first being tried and condemned
in accordance with the jaws of the country.
