j-m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 128,
I will briefly allude. There is a .section in the
bill which declares that—
In timeof war, insurrection, or rebellion, murder, assault
and battery with an attempt to kill, manslaughter, may-
hem, wounding by sbootmjr, or stabbing with an attempt to
commit murder, mb'«ery, arson, burglary, rape, assault and
battery with an attempt to commit rape, and larceny, shall
be punishable by the sentence of ageneral court-martial or
military commission, when committed by persons who are
in the military service of the United States and sublet to
the Articles of War; and the punishments for such offences
shall never be less than those inflicted by the laws of the
State, Territory, or District in which tUoy may have been
committed.
I am opposed to that section of the bill. 1 do
not believe that we should try for these offenses
any individual by military courts-martial, unless
our armies should be placcd in a condition where
we cannot properly get the offender before the civil
tribunals of the country. Suppose one of the
soldiers of your Army should commit one of the
offenses indicated in this section, (these are not
offens.es against the military law but ae&inst the
civil laws of the State,) in the State of Vermont,
if you please; would it be meet or proper, would
it be having a just regard for tiie liberty and rights
of the citizen, to hand him over to be tried for
mayhem, for manslaughter, for murder, for rob-
beiy, to a drumhead military court-martial, not
composed of lawyers but of soldiers ? Certainly
not. If you were in a place where you could hand
the yaity over to the civil tribunals to be tried, he
ought to be handed over by the military au thorny,
and lie ought to be tried in the civil courts before
judges learned in the law, tried before juries of
the country in obedience to the time-honored cus-
tom of our ancestors. We should only resort to
tho trial of a man for the offenses indicated in this
section by courts-martial when he was in a place
where you could not get him with anything like
convenience before the civil tribunals. Such of-
fenses as are described in the section, if commit-
ted where the party can be taken before the civil
tribunals, ought always to be handed over to the
civil tribunals to be tried and punished.
We know with what little coicmony and fre-
quently with what little knowledge of law courts-
inurtial are conducted. I mean no disrespect to
gentlemen of the military profession when I say
that they are not learned in the civil laws of the
country; or if any, very few of them are. They
have not been bred to the law. I would as soon
think of taking the judges from your courts and
letting them on your courts-martial, and rather,
too, if I wished juntiee done and the law admin-
istered, than to take a soldier and put him upon
tho bench, because eveiy learned and thoroughly
bred lawyer necessarily must know theoretically
at least a greut deal about the military law, for it
is a part of his profession; but it is not part of
the profession of military gentlemen to understand
the civil and criminal laws of the country. It
jequires, Mr. President, as you well know, long
ye.u.s uf study and toil to make one an adept in
the science of the law. lie who becomes thor-
oughly learned in that profession must devote a
lifetime to it. Yo-u remember, sir, one of theearly
fathers of the law said a man must bum the mid-
night taper for twenty ye.us before he could be
presumed to be learned m the law. But, sir, you
take away the citizen from the couits when you
could take him theie for trial for a long list of
offenses, embracing almost all the criminal cata-
logue from murder to theft, and you try him be-
fore your courts-martial—your military courts.
Sir, that should not be. Whenever it could be
done, the party should bo handed over to the
civil tribunals, and there tiied, there sentenced,
and executed if guilty.
Mr. President, there are various other sections
of this bill that I would like to notice, but they
have been so eloquently and so learnedly treated
by tlx?Senator from Delaware, by the Senator from
Virginia, and by the very eloquent speech of the
Senator from Indiana, that I feel that the ground
has been well covered.
There is, however, one other section of the bill
about which I will say one word; and that is that
provision which was commented on by my col-
league a few moments ago. He took the position,
and I believe correctly, that one who is not a cit-
izen of the United Stated cannot be made subject
to this draft. This bill declares that a man who
has filed his declaration of intention to become a
citizen is subject to this draft. In my judgment,
we have no right to draft any but citizens. I hold
in my hand a paper in which is quoted aletterof
the Secretary of State on that subject. It is very
brief:
Department of State, Washington,
1862.
Sir* Having informally understood from yon that I rit-
ish subjects who had merely declared their intention to be-
come citizens of the United States had expressed appre-
hensions that they might be drafted into the militia under
the late requisition of the War Department, t have the
honor to acquaint you, for their inclination,that none but
citizens are liable to military dutvin this country, and that
this Department has never regarded an alien whomay have
merely declared 1ns intentions to become a citizen as enti-
tled to a pa^port, and consequently has always withheld
from persons of that character any such certificate of citi-
zenship.
[ have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your
obedient servant, WM. II. J5EVVAUD.
lion. II. M. Stuart.
A few months back the Secretary of State, the
premier of this Government, held that.they were
not liable to military duty, and I believe he cor-
rectly held. As 1 before remarked, such a search-
ing analysis of this bill has been made by the
distinguished gentlemen who have preceded me,
that there has been but little loft for me to say. 1
will conclude by making one or two general re-
mat ks upon it.
I do not think this bill ought to pass. Itconfers
a power we should not lodge in the President? It
is unconstitutional, and the precedent would be
dangerous.
But gentlemen ask, how is it that you can get
along without it ? Why, sir, under the laws as they
now exist, you havea right to call upon theSiates
for tin-ir militia. Lot them be enrolled and fur-
nished us they have been heretofore in all the
wars we have had. By that mearts you can avail
yourselves of the entire militia of the country.
Gentlemen may, perhaps, say they cannot get
soldiers. Let me say to Senators upon the other
side of the Chamber that the reason why you can-
not get voluntecis is because of the manner in
which you have conducted this war. Until this
radical policy obtained in the country, while the
people believed the President true to the declara-
tions he made when the war commenced, that he
was prosecuting it for the sole purpose of restoring
the Union, with a purpose not to encroach upon
any of the rights or local institutions of the States,
we bad more men than we wanted by volunteering.
I remember more than once hearing the Senator
from Massachusetts, the chaitman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, say we had more men
than we wanted. The whole country knows that
more volunteeis were presented then than were
wanted by the Government. That was the case
until your policy was changed; until you com*
inenrcd passing unconstitutional confiscation bills;
until you commenced making the negro the a vowed
object of the war; until you commenced encroach-
ing on the lights of the States; and then followed
the President's proclamations, one pretending to
free slaves, iheot he i declaringmartial law through-
out all the loyal States, and many other things too
numerous to mention. When those things were
done, you fnun I the people of the country did not
respond to the call for volunteers, because they
found they were cheated and deceived; that those
in power were not conducting the war on the prin-
ciple on which they had avowed they would con-
duct it; and then volunteering ceased. Now you
desire to pass a law giving the President as much
power over the people of this country as Napo-
leon 111 has over the people of the French empire
to-day. Fur one, I never will consent to such
an overthrow of the Constitution of my coun-
ty-
Senators, if you will revoke your policy, repeal
your confiscation bills, repeal all lawsnuthorizing
negroes to serve in your armies, let the President
revoke his edicts emancipatingslavcs and declar-
ing martial law throughout the loyal States; re-
peal all this obnoxious legislation; let the people
know at once that your object is not to reduce
sovereign States to provinces, that your object is
not by your armies to overthrow the local insti-
tutions of the States, but really for the purpose
of extending the authority of the Constitution over
the entire country. Do that, and 1 do not think
you will stand in need of conscription bills to get
men. While that was thought to be your policy,
you did not stand in need of men; more volun-
teered than were wanted. Now that you have
changed your policy, you find you have to resort
to this kind of laws to raise men.
Mr. President, I havedetained theSenatelonger
than I had intended 
.Several Senators. Go on.
Mr. POWELL. What point do Senators wish
me to discuss? if they will name it, I will give
my views upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same thing over and
over again. We have heaul nothing new for tho
last four hours.
Mr. POWELL. King Solomon said there is
nothing new under the sun. I have spoken but
one hour. For the gratification of the Senator I
believe I will speak a little longer.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am much obliged to the
Senator. I would just as lief hear him as any-
body else.
Mr. POWELL. Thank you, sir,for the com-
pliment.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is no compliment.
Mr. POWELL. I regard it as such, for the
Senators who have preceded me have spoken very
eloquently. But, sir, as some Senators on that
side of the Chamber may perhaps desire to enter
into this debate, 1 believe i shall yield the flooi
and give them an opportunity; and after [ rest
awhile I may speak another hour if the Senate de-
sires to hear me. For the*present, however, I will
yield, begging pardon of the Senate for present-
ing my views in so disjointed a manner. I hud
in my mind a compact speech on this question,
but really the learned Senators who preceded me
occupied all the grounds I had intended*to occupy,
and left me nothing but the gleanings.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, in the
discussion of the question nowbefoie the Senate,
I feel as I have often felt in appearing before a
court to argue a case for a new trial, that the de-
cision of the tribunal before which the question
was to be discussed would be against me. Nev-
ertheless, there are duties imposed upon positions
occupied here that we mustdiscluirgc; and at the
risk of being told that 1 have to travel over the
same ground that has been traveled over by other
Senators, I desire to claim the attention of the
Senate for a short time only.
I am not to be met hy tho charge that I am
opposed to filling up the Army. The President
of the United States has it perfectly within his
power, at any day that he sees proper, to fill up
the Army with whatever number of men he may
desire. It was his proclamation of the 22d of
September last that stopped volunteeis. If he
had a right to issue that proclamation, lie h js the
right to recall it. That being recalled, there will
be no trouble m getting troops, if there are dif-
ficulties on that subject in other sections of the
Union, there are none in the section of the coun-
try from which I come. When the President of
the United States, by his own unauthorized act,
not required by any great emeigency, places him-
self in a position where he requires more troops,
and he has the power to obtain them, I do not feel
willing to confer upon him absolute power,strik-
ing down practices that we have pursued hereto-
fore, if not trenching upon tho Constitution of the
United States. It is not my purpose to-night to
enter into the discussion of that constitutional
question. I may well leave it where the gentle-
men who preceded me have left it. There are
other objections to the bill still paramount with
me, even' if the constitutional objection was en-
tirely removed. From the first line of the bill to
the last, there are scarcely three consecutive sec-
tions which, in my judgment, are not impolitic
and unwise.
The first section of the bill, as has been pointed
out by each of the Senators from Kentucky, in
my judgment, if not unconstitutional, is impolitic
and improper. I refer to that clause enlisting per-
sons who liave declared their intention to become
citizens of the United States. What is the work-
ing of that? A man born in another country,
owing allegiance to that country, declares his in-
tention to become a citizen at some future time of
this country. By this bill you enlist him in the
Army and you place him there. Suppose, after he
is in the Army, he deserts; you bring him before a
court-martial; you try him. Can you inflict pun-
ishment upon him? Our practice and our expe-
rience upon that subject are too ample to render it
necessary to argue that question. 1 affirm that in
no instance during our entire existence as a nation,
where a foreigner enlisted in our Army before he
I became naturalized, has he been punished for de-
