1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
evidence is sufficiently strong to my mind to con-
vince me that there may be some truth in it.
Now, it is proposed to increase that ration from
eighteen cents up to thirty cents—an addition of
twelve cents. How is it going1 to be incieased?
What checks or guards do the Committee on
Military Alfairs propose to throw around these
^military officials, so as to require the proper dis-
bursement of tiie thirty cents? I find none in the
bill. I do not see that the surgeon whose letter
has been read here at our desk lias specified any
manner in which it can he accomplished. I want
to accomplish the purpose which the Committee
on Mihtaiy Alfairs seeks to accomplish, but I
should like to see my way clear before I attempt
to do it; and it seems to me that as the bill now
stands before us, then- is nothing1 except a mere
appropriation of several millions of dollars out of
the Treasury nominally to provide for the com-
fort of sjck and disabled soldiers, hut without
giving to the Senate and to the public those as-
surances which we ought to have embodied in the
law that ir is going to be applied for that specific
purpose.
How comes it that we have this amount fixed
at precisely thirty cents a ration ? This surgeon
whose letter has been read does not fix that
amount; we have no estimate from any officer
connected with the Surgeon General's Office that
fixes tt at thirty cents. Why is this arbitiary
amount of thirty cents fixed? I do not know.
We have had no report fiom any person in au-
thority; we have meielyhada letter rend here,
showing that under cci lain circumstances, m cer-
tain hospitals, winch were convalescent hospitals,
as I understand it, eveiy one of them 
Mr. WILSON, of ?uissachusetts. The best.
Mr. GRIMES. Convalescent?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. I take it that the worst cases
are those tihit aie neatest the Army, and which
ate the most difficult to be removed, and that the
best cases are those that are furthest from the
Army, and which were susceptible of being re-
moved; and if my recollection serves me, the
names of the hospitals specified in that letter weie
the Blockley Hospital, at Philadelphia, and the
Bellevue Hospital, at New Yoik: they w ei e all m
that section of the country. Thev, of cause, are
full of patients who have been capable of bem^
removed from the seat of war, and theiefoie who
can exhaust a  ieater amount of mat' rial than
those who arc nearest it; and I do not know that
they would be a fair criterion to judge by. Oik-,
my friend from New Hampshne [Mr. Cl uuc]
tells me, was the GeiU'idl Hospital of A'assachu-
setts, and was not an Army hospital. 1 want to
do exactly what the Committee on Military Af-
fairs want to do, l^ut I should like to see my way
clear before I do it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Iowa asks us to <ji ve on a&smanu* of the
good management of the hospitals. That cci tainly
we cannot do; but the Senator, I am sure, does
not apprehend the letter that was read at the desk.
Soldiers ore now entitled to one latum a day, and
that ration is valued ateighteen ctmts here m this
city. Soldiers in hospitals cannot consume then-
ration; they want something else. There is
nothing else by law for them unless the hospital
has a fund. If the hospital has a fund that it has
saved, then out of that icserved fund other articles
can be purchased.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question on that point ? It is a
question winch has been suggested to me, and I
confess has sometimes brought very painful
thoughts to my mind; it is this: wl'u ther it is true
that contracts are let to feed the soluiers who are
in the hospitals out to contractors at so much per
head ? Contracts have b< en made to feed soldieis
m camp, I know, before they have been brought
into service. I ask whether that is the fact or not?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
answer ihat question positively; but I do not think
it is so.
Mr. RICE. Perhaps I can. I find in the esti-
mates here, " for care of sick soidiets in private
hospitals under general orders of the Depui tment,
$133,000," asked foi for the coming fiscal year.
That is all the information.
Mr. DOOLI'i'TLE. That does not answer the
question which I would get at. It has come to
me from sources not e.nough to satisfy my mind
fully that such isthefact; but! have received some
communications and letters raising the question
whelher'the matter of feeding the soldiers in hos-
pitals is not let out by contract at so much a head.
Mr. RICE. That is not the case. That rule
has been adopted in some cases with regard to
feeding soldiers, but it does not apply to the hos-
pitals.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A soldier
in the hospitals is entitled to one ration a day.
Now let us understand that. If it is not consumed,
it is a credit to the hospital fund. In some of the
hospitals a fund has'been accumulated; but it is
admitted by all, officers and visitors, that the hos-
pitals where a fund has'been accumulated are not
well managed hospitals, that the men have been
stinted to accumulate a fund.
Some weeks ago the Surgeon General examined
the diet tables of the private hospitals in Philadel-
phia, New York, and Boston, mentioned in the
letter, and the diet tables ot the English army hos-
pitals, and from those tables he made out a diet
table, and directed that it should be tried for one
month in some of the best managed hospitals of
the Army. The experiment has been fully tiied,
and the result is, that it costs about thirty cents
a day per man, m a well managed hospital, and
that the improvement in the health of the men is
very gieat. 1 think Unity cents a day is ample
and abundant. I thought that twenty-five cents
a day would do: and i should have been willing
to take twenty-live cents, but thirty cents was the
amount which the Surgeon General stated to me
was the cost of carrying out his diet table which
he had made from the diet tables in the English
service, and in the pnvate hospitals in Philadel-
phia, New Ymk, and Boston.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Now, will the Senator
aliow me to reilr him to the fact that in the Aimy
appiopriation bill, at the last session, we put in
these itcnib:
'•i-Va the mtMlioal and hospital doprutmcnt, including
pav of pi lUite phVMeians, pnreh.we ami repair of suurical
instrument-, puicha^e ofbeddiiur. Hoihintr, ice, pay of male
citizen*. (J]<>-p:taI attendant*,) maintenance of sick and
wounded -nlmejs placed in ptivaie establishments or hos-
pitals. and other neee«s:uy commits for the eick and con-
valescent in the various military Iios>pitah.
On leferonco to the appropriation bill for this
year, I find that we have divided it into items, arid
weappi opriate $400,000 foi private physicians and
mi diune.s fui nished by them, $75,000 for compen-
sation of soldleis acting as cooks and nurses, and
^120,000 for ice, fi uits, and other comfoi ts, &c.
Ms RICE. The last item is $190,000.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It is printed $120,000in
the bill before me,as reported by the Finance Com-
mittee, and we intended to appropriate the amount
asked for, "care of sick soldiers in private hos-
pitals, i 6,500, "&c. When we have appropri-
ated, or mean to appropi late, all that the Surgeon
Geneial asks for, for the sick, for ice and fruits
and other comforts for sickand wounded soldiers,
1 should like to know what i* the necessity for
increasing the price of the ration. #
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The items
read bv the Senator, with the exception of the
^120,000 for ice and articles of that kind, have
nothing to do with the ration. In view of the
price now charged m tins city and m the cities of
the North for the articles ne< essary to support
life, no man can suppose that sick men can live
as they ought to 1 ive on eighteen cents a day. Sick
men cannot use the ration they have: it is not the
kind of fend they need ; but they cannot have any
other kind of food unit ss it is purchased foi them
out of the hospital fund or from special appropri-
ations or from the charity of the people.
Mi. RICE. As a memberof the Committeeon
Military Affairs, i deem ltdneto myself, at least,
to make a few remarks on this subject. I have
recently opposed all these bills creatine' new of-
fices or mcieaemg salaries or increasing the ordi-
nal v appropriations, and I have done it mainly
upon the ground that we are unable to ascertain i
or to obtain any data from the Departments in j
regard to the amounts actually necessary for our j
sick and wounded soldiers or for the support of j
the Army in the field. I do not beheve there is :
a man in this Government m one of the Depart- j
ments to-day that can tell us whether we have five ,
hundred thousand or a million mm m the field— j
not one who can come within fifty per cent, of j
the numberof sick and wounded in the hospitals j
or with their regiments. One. Department makes !
its estimates based on the supposition that we
have one million two hundred thousand men in
our Army; another on the supposition that we
have one million five hundred thousand, men ft*
our Army. The simple truth is, that they do not
know whether we have that number or half that
number. You may take the pay department, the
commissary department, the medical department,
the quartermaster's department, and you may take
the Commanding General, and the Secretary of
War, and you cannot, from all of them, come
within three hundred thousand or probably five
hundred thousand of the number of men in the
service; at least, we cannot get the information.
We do not know how many officers we have in
the Army. I doubt whether they do. All that the
Military Committee know, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, and I am generally punctual in my
attendance, is, that the Departments are asking for
an increase of rank and an increaseof pay and an
increase of officers, and the cry is money, money,
money, and nothing but money.
In regard to the item now under discussion, we
know that estimates are made for the rations of-
thc sick in the hospitals. Now, they wish the
commutations to be placed at thirty cents a ration.
We know that in some sections of the country
beef is worth eighteen cents apound,and in others
but two cents a pound, and everything accord-
ingly, and yetno discrimination whatever is made.
While we should give perhaps quite enough to
one hospital, we should give three times too much
to another. I will not state hereupon the floor of
the Senate the number of sick that are supposed
to be in the hospitals, but I will say that the sup-
position is at the Department that we have us
many sick and wounded with the regiments in the
service as we have in the hospitals; and yet they
have come forward and asked for an increase of
the commutation of the rations of those in the
hospitals, and say nothing about the poor sick
and wounded in the field, I mention this fact to
show the utter want of proper care in these de-
partments; the utter want of that judgment or that
attention to their duties which the emergency of
the country now requires.
Unless 1 shall be further enlightened, I have
made up my mind to vote against all these appro-
priations. Are we to sit here as mere tools of the
Departments, to vote whatever they ask; and when
we call upon them for information, to know what
it is for, not a Department in the Government,
not a man connected with the War Department,
can give us the first intelligent idea. Millions
upon millions are voted here; the greater the sum
the easier the bill passes. They understand that.
There is not a department in the Army that is not
here asking for an increase of major generals or
brigadier generals oi clerks or colonels or majors
or captains, and not one which is not asking for
an increase in the appropriations. Do we know
what we are voting these appropriations for? We
cannot tell. There is not a Senator on this floor
who can tell; and when we ask for information,
it is not given to us. To a call for information sent
last session by the Military Committee to the
War Department, no response has yet been made.
The business is not attended to.
I agree with the honoiable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] m some tilings that he said.
The whole object seems to be to get money to ex-
pend, for what5 To pay worthless men and to
enable thieves to enrich themselves. We have
evidence now, which will probably soon come
before the Senate, that large amounts of clothing,
hospital stores, and other things that had been
sent here by private contributions from citizens
in the loyal States, for the want of the payment
of the tiunsnoi t.uion have been sold for a song at
auction. The Government is bled, the States are
bled, the counties are bled, the cities are bl^d,and
the citizens ate bled; and in the name of God, for
what? When 1 can sec men in office who will
perform their duties, and will occasionally—I will
not ask it very often, 1 would not be too extrav-
agant m my wishes—give us a victory, I perhaps
shall be moie liberal in my votes; but ius money,
money; and nothing but evil is letmned to us.
You have a bill introduced here to-day author-
izing piomotions or new appointments; and the
gallant gentlemen who arc doing such arduous
duties, will be found swarming these Halls in the
city of Washington in order to get the benefit of
it. Now, in regard to many of our officers, they
