1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28T,
armies willing soldiers, and you made them in-
vincible on the fields where we have met them
since. Sir, you may get these conscripts under
tins bill; you can get them. Pass your law and
you will enlist them in your Army; but when you
s;et them, will they fight? That is the question.
Will they not go back and discuss the policy of
the Government? The great outrage, the great
wrong ihft has been done is, that the President
of the United States, in descending to the issue
of that proc.iamatioh, has made the Army believe
that he was not playmgfairly with them, but was
playing falsely with them.
I have thus, sir, stated my objections as briefly
as I could to this whole bill.- 1 have endeavored
to condense them. I need only go back to say
the President has the power to-morrow to obtain
half a million of men in thirty days by withdraw-
ing his proclamations. He can make our armies
in the West invincible; no power can stand before
them, and no power can stand before those who
will go again.
There is no necessity for this enormous power,
this dangerous experiment of calling more troops
into the field under a proposition such as the one
you now have under cousideration.
Mr. President, there is one other subject to
which I will allude briefly in passing, and then
1 shall conclude what I have to say. It is always
unpleasant to me to discuss subjects not imme-
diately and directly before the Senate for consid-
eration. A single remark fell from the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Hicks] which I deem it my
duty here to-night, not so much in reply to him
as in justice to the dead, to make a brief allusion
to. 'That Senator, in speaking of the Democratic
party, said they had repealed the Missouri com-
promise. I do not know the exact intention the
Senator had in alluding to it; but it is sufficient
for me to know that the question has been brought
before the consideration and discussion of the
Senate and the country. The voice that led in
that act is silent and cold in the grave. Through-
out the progress of his life we were friends. In
that matter wo cooperated; and I seek this occa-
sion for a short period of time to make a single
allusion to that act.
Mr. HICKS. If the Senator will allow me, I
wish it to be understood that neither he nor any
other man in the country has a higher regard for
the character and services of Mr. Douglas than
I have.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I disclaim thattho Sen-
ator made any unfavorable mention of him. It
was a general allusion in the com so of debate; but
there was a single word of reply that I desire to
make on that subject, and I think I might as well
make it now. That was a measure that was dis-
cussed at very great length at the time it took
place. It has gone into history; and in that his-
tory his memory and his act and mine are safe.
They defeated us, and brought a majority against
.is into the succeeding Congress; but no member
vho came into the subsequent Congressever pro-
posed the icstoration of that Missouri line. Let
me repeat that after the passage of the bill giving
the power to the Territones to legislate upon the
subject of slaveiy for themselves, and repealing
the previous act of Congieas, no member in the
next Confess, though a large majority came there
opposed to us, proposed its restoration. This is
one footprint m history.
But mote than that, sir; the party who over-
threw us in 1854, when they came iuto power in
both bi cinches of Congress, adopted the doctrine.
The Republican party, when they eame into
power in the House of Llepresentatives and in the
Senate, in organising the Tei ritones of Colorado
and Nevada, itidoised the doctrine laid down in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Sir,it is a proud record
to appeal to in histoiy. Not a man of those who
overthrew us foi that act ever proposed its res-
toration. The party that overthrew us, when
they came into power, acknowledged the wisdom
and the justice of the act by indorsing it and in-
corporating it into their own acts of legislation.
This is all I desire to say in reference to that ques-
tion. It goes into history, and vindicates forever
the act, its jusMee, and*wi sdom. If the Repub-
lican party had adopted it in time, it would have
saved immense difficulty and trouble in this coun-
try.
Mr. GRlMES. I had not designed to take any
part in the discussion of the question now under
consideration, and I do not propose to do so now.
I regret exceedingly that I feel constrained to say
a word or two in reply to some remarks that have
fallen from the Senator from Illinois and from
other Senators during the progress of this discus-
sion.
A great deal has been said about the effect of
the President's proclamation of September last.
We have been told that it is having a most disas-
trous effect upon the people of the country, and
especially upon the armies of the country; that
its tendency has been to demoralize the soldiers.
I am not authorized to speak for any other State
than that of which 1 am one of the representatives
in this Chamber; nor am I authorized to speak
for any other portion of the Army than that gal-
lant portion that my State furnishes to the Army.
I desire to say, and I say it knowing, 1 think, as
well as any man can know the sentimfftt of the
people he, in part, represents, that instead of the
proclamation having had the effect that has been
attributed to it by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Richaiidson,] and others who have addressed the
Senate in opposition to this measure, it had pre-
cisely the contrary effect. It came to us while I
was canvassing the State of Iowa preceding the
last October election, and it was hailed by the loyal
men of all parties who were anxious to put down
this rebellion—not by the men of my party alone,
but men who voted for my party and the candi-
dates that I supported for the first time in Octo-
ber—as one of the most efficient means of bring-
ing this rebellion to a successful conclusion. I
think my colleague will bear testimony to the truth
of the statement I am making.
It has been said that the tendency of this proc-
lamation has been to demoralize the troops. It
may be so with the troops of other States. I have
no right to speak of them. It may have had a
demoralizing effect upon the troops of the State
of Illinois. 1 am not ad vised on that subject. But,
sir, it has not demoralized the men of the State of
Iowa. The'soldiers of Iowa have hailed it with
acclamation. They have accepted it, as the citi-
zens of the State have, as one of the most efficient
means of putting down the rebellion; and they
are willing to use that or any other means in order
to preserve the Union in its glory and in its con-
sistency. Mr, President, the motto of my State
at home, in the field, everywhere, is, " Onward
and upward."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have but a single word
in reply to the Senator from Iowa. The Senator
says that the proclamation has had no demoraliz-
ing effect upon the troops.
Mr. GRIMES. Of my State.
Mr. RICHARDSON. From his State. I do
not limit my remark to States. I stated a fact
which the Senator has not controverted and I sup-
pose will not, that up to the issuing of that procla-
mation our western army lost no battle, and since
then they have won no victories.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The response to that is
this: that both sides have been wrong, and it is
our office in our places in the Government to do
right.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator from Illi-
nois if he has forgotten the battle of Stone River ?
I will ask him if he has forgotten the battle of
Prairie Grove? I will ask him if he has forgotten
the battle of Hartsville ? I will ask him if he has
forgotten the battle of Arkansas Post ? Were they
defeats, or were they victories? Have they not
all occurred since the issuance of this proclama-
tion ? 1 ask him, I ask any other Senator, if so
many victories have been crowded into as short
a space of time atany period previous to the issu-
ance of tiie proclamation ? And yet the Senator
tells us that since the issuance of that proclama-
tion we have experienced a series of defeats; and
that declaration is to go out of the Senate of the
United States as being the opinion of the Senator j:
from Illinois. j
Mr. RICHARDSON. I made the statement at '
the outset of this debate, and supposed that I was '■
repeating it again, that we had suffered no defKv
prior to the j22d of September last.
Mr. GRIMES. What was Belmont?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Doyoucallthatadeieat; tj
Mr. GRIMES. Do you call it a victory r
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not call it a defeat "
The battle of Stone River was a success. Why.
Because our army camped upon the field.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I should like to ask the
Senator a question merely by way of inference.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says that
since that proclamation our soldiers have won no
victories.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; I do not say
that. I say they have suffered defeats.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I want to ask him
if he means to insinuate that the western troops
have not fought well since that took place? Have
they proved themselves cowards or traitors?
That would seem to be the natural inference.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why, then, have they
been defeated since and not before?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will per-
ceive at once, from the statement I made. It is
said that some of our troops surrendered where
there was no adequate force to surrender to.
Why? Growing out of the controversy about
this thine:.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. GRIMES. What
troops surrendered ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. General Grant charges
that one regiment from Illinois surrendered.
Mr. GRIMES. On what occasion?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Down near Memphis.
General Grant charges the one hundred and ninth
regiment of Illinois volunteers with surrendering
to an insufficient force.
Mr. GRIMES. Did he charge any other troops
on any other occasion with doing so?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know of any
other. I cannot call them to mind now. You
have quarrels now among the troops at Charles-
ton harbor, growing out of this same controversy,
and several of your officers have been arrested
there.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Iowa al-
luded to my saying that the proclamation had
demoralized the Army to some extent.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not allude to that Sen-
ator. 1 alluded to the other Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.] I do not know whether the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] alluded to
the matter or not.
Mr. POWELL. I have often made the remark;
and I know it is so.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have no doubt that the Sen-
ator regrets that it is so.
Mr. POWELL. That may all be. I know
that it is so;, and I know that officers of the
Army, not only from the State of X£entucky, but
from other western States, have resigned their
places, who had fought valiantly before, and as-
signed that as the reason.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a colonel of a Missouri
regiment, who is in General Curtis's army, who
is himself an abolitionist, and he wrote to a mem-
ber of Congress from that State, in the other
House, as 1 was informed by the member who
received the letter, that there was as much dis-
cussion of the proclamation in that camp, and as
much dissatisfaction with the proclamation, and
as much difference of opinion for and against it
as theie was in the country and in Congress. I
have seen several colonels from the army of the
Potomac, and colonels from the northern States,
,;of the highest valor, integrity, and patiiotism,
and they told me that such were the effects of the
proclamation in the army of the Potomac.
Mr.WILKINSON. Mr. President, I was yes-
terday introduced by Air. Casey, of the House
of Representatives, to a Kentucky colonel who
has just come from the western aimy. Ho is a
citizen of Kentucky, and I should take him, from
his personal appearance, to be a very gallant young
man. The conversation turned upon G< neral
Crittenden. I asked him, in regard to this proc-
lamation, whether it affected him. Tins officer
belongs to-his corps. His reply was, " notapar-
•■cie." I asked him whether the Kentucky army
affected by the measure, and he told me pos-
itively and directly, " not a particle; they aic for
•lotting down the rebellion."
Mr. DAY1S. Mr. President, I do net deny
or doubt the truth of the statement of the Senator
from Minnesota. The loyalty and the fidelity of
the Kentucky colonels and soldiers to their cause
they will not allow to be affected or influenced by
the bad conduct of the Administration; but at
the same time I do not doubt there is not a soli-
tary officer or soldier among the Kentucky troops
