THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE. '
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C-
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 23, 1863.
New Series £To, 29.,,
duty of the War Department to make the com-
mutation of the ration correspond with its value
at the place where it is to be furnished. In Wash-
ington it would be more; in Cincinnati less; in
Keokuk still less; but it is all within the power
of the War Department; and the idea of bringing
in a bill here establishing a fixed price for the ra-
tion is like requiring men of all sizes to wear the
same kind of shoe or a coat of the same size. It
is an absurdity.
I will also call the attention of the chairman of
the Military Committee to another subject that has
been very prominently before the Committee on
Finance. We have estimates made from the med-
ical department, in addition to this ration, for
$12,000,000, for the sick and the hospitals. I will
read some of them:
For medicines, instrument?, nnd dressings, $5,12o,000.
" For hospital store?, bedding, fcte., §4,500,000.
" Foi hospital furniture and field equipment?, $1,030,000.''
Then there are items for medical books, sta-
tionery, and punting; for private physicians; for
hire of clerks; for contingencies; for ice, ftuits,
and other comforts. Specific appropriations are
proposed for all these items over and above the
commutation of the ration, which is paid into the
hospital fund as a matter of coursc. Now, if there is
any increase necessary, it should be in these items;
and if the increase be demanded m these items,
we can then inspect the amounts and see whether
they are reasonable or not; but the idea of estab-
lishing a fixed piice for a ration all over this coun-
try is simply an absurdity. It ought not to be
adopted.
Mr, COLLAMER. I wish to keep to the idea
whether we are to confine ourselves to that com-
mutation in the hospitals.
Mr. SHERMAN. No. The Secretary of War
can to-morrow say that, in Washington, the com-
mutation of the soldier's ration shall be thirty
cents, if he chooses.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Senator a ques-
tion. On what piinciple is the price of the lation
established?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the cost of the ration.
The ration itself consists of certain ai tides which
are named and fixed by law. The law of Con-
gress states exactly what a soldier shall have for
his daily ration: so many ounces of beef, so many
ounces of bread, so much salt, and the juice of the
ration is the cost of the article at the placc where
it is needed.
Mr. HARLAN. So I have understood at the
War Department; the contract pnee at the post
where the hospital is located.
Mr. SHERMAN. The quantity of the ration
is fixed by law; the price of the ration is fixed
by the market value. As I said before, in Ohio it
is far less than it is here.
Now, in regard to the other sections of this
bill. The second section provides for one Assist-
ant Suigeon Genetal and two additional medical
inspector general. After a debate here not long
ago, on the motion of the Senator fiom Maine,
[Mi. Fessen-di:x5] we struck out this very pro-
vision, and we ore now asked to pass it again. We
considered the matter, and thought this depart-
ment could get along without so many very ex-
pensive officers.
Mr. GRIMES. That was in regard to the vol-
unteers; and these are appointments in the regular
service.
Mr. SHERMAN. The lost section of this bill
makes it apply to regulars and volunteers both;
at any rate, it is what we have once rejected.
The third section of the bill is only intended to
secure a more rapid piomotion for assistant sur-
geons. Under the present law, no assistant sur-
geon can be promoted to be a surgeon until he has
had five years'experience. They want this re-
pealed, so that our assistant surgeons can be more
speedily promoted to surgeons. I do not think
that is very vital just now.
Section four provides for an additional medical
director for every corps. It is only in other words
to increase the pay and rank of the surgeon at the
head of an army corps. It does not increase the
29
number, but increases the pay of the officer who
for the time being serves as surgeon for an army
corps. I think that can be dispensed with.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Itgives no
increased pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. It increases the rank, then.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No,it sim-
ply assigns them.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is simply the assign-
ment of an officei, they can do that without a law,
because there is nothing in the law to pre\entthc
Secretary c>f War assigning any assistant surgeon
to aid in any staff whatever. The section there-
fore is unnecessary.
Section five only provides for increased pay to
the chief medical director of departments and of
armies in the field; and of the surgeon on duty in
the Surgeon General's Office. It increases their pay
from that of a major to that of a colonel of cav-
alry. That is all there is about it.
The sixth section pi ovules for an increased
number of suigeotis and assistant surgeons. There
is no limit now to the power of thu department to
employ surgeons in certain cases. This would
establish an increase of fifty surgeons, and two
hund red and fifty assistant surgeons,at an expense
of $1,000,000 a year. The Secretary of War is
authonzed to employ now as many surgeons m
private life as he chooses. The seventh section
limits the dmation of the terms of these officers to
the war. It seems to me there is nothing veiy
vital in the bill,and therefore I shall vote against it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I consular this a very im-
portant bill, but by no means as important as the
subject-matter upon which it treats; for I believe
it involves a question upon which depends the
continuance of our Army m the field, i believe it
is the great question, because as we take care of
the sick and wounded soldiers, so is our Army to
be maintained in its numbeisaside from casualties
which arise, and from sickness. So will depend
its being repieted and filled up by new recruits
from home. If thereisanyoneeauseof complaint
more than another, it is the complaint made by par-
ents, friends, relatives, and companions at home,
who have visited the Army in the field, against the
mode in which the sick and wounded soldiers, in
the permanent hospitals and in the hospitals upon
the field, are taken care of and provided for.
I do not propose to make a long speech, nor to
take up the time of the Senate. It is but very
seldom indeed that I state my reasons for the votes
I give here, but on this occasion I desire to state
the reason why I shall vote against this bill. I
do not see the propriety of increasing the amount
of money to be paid for the ration. Unless the
stomach of a soldier is different from the stomach
of a civilian, 1 do not understand why it is that
he should be fed wi'h this increased food, as fur-
nished under the present system and under the
pieseiit laws. One of the great and crying evils,
as we learn from the Anny and from some of the
hospitals also, is thar the sick and wounded sol-
diers have set Ik-fore them meat which they can-
not cot; and I believe that, to the shame of those
who have control of these matters, many soldiers
have dird through starvation, weakened and de-
bilitated as they have been in tluir system by the
effect of wounds and t)v- influence of fevers. Why
do you wish to increase the value of the lation,
or the amount to be p&id for iir
It appear?, by reference to statutes which we
passed durmgth^ last session, that large amounts
have been provided to furnish the sick and wounded
with such eomforis as their peculiar situation re-
qunes. Thpre seems to he no limit in the appro-
priations which have been made. I have heard a
great deal from the agents of the soldi^'aid so-
cieties who have gone down to the Army, seen
the sick and wounded there, and who have gone
to the different hospitals about this city and in the
North, and to the convalescent hospitals in this
neighborhood, and they all with one accord make
their complaints mori against those who have
charge of them, in their not making use of the
means and appliances put in their hands, and at-
tribute the eviis complained of more to that than
to any other cause. There is not a shadow.of
doubt of it, sir; and in addition to the many who
have suffered, and perhaps died, in consequence
of the want of proper treatment, many more,
doubtless, would have done so had it not been for
the kind memory and gushing warmth of the
hearts of friends at home, in getting up large sup*
plies of the desci iption of which sick and wounded
soldiers can partake, and which they can c&i.
Many have been saved by reason of the aid and
assistance thus rendered. Thousands and tens of
thousands of pounds of delicacies and articles suit-
able to persons under such circumstances have
been sent from the different States of the North,
and thousands, if not tens of thousands, lie here
in the city for the want of transportation to the
troops, that they may have the benefit and relief
afforded by them; and I am told that large quan-
tities of them have been sold at public auctions,
besides other large quantities oi them actually
stolen, about which fact there is no manner of
doubt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to say one word just there? I have heara some-
thing about those complaints; weall have; and let
me say there is another difficulty. Those articles
often arc not sent to anybody in particular. The
difficulty is that there is no agent here to take
charge of them. Things come from my own State,
sent by vci y good people, and from other States;
but in many cases there is no efficient Statea^enc
to receive them and be here and pay the freight
on them, and forward them to the troops. It is?
not the business of the Government to sec that it
is done. It is the business of the States or those
people who send them.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I did not mean to complain
of the corps of surgeons in this respect; my desire
was to confine my remarks to the point before the
Senate; but the debate had taken a considerable
width in its range, and partly in consequence of
that and partly in consequence of the suggestion
of a Senator who sits before me, I was led away
from the point under discussion. Still, 1 appre-
hend it will do no harm tocall the attention of the
country and of the officers to these facts from this
position.
We have heard allusion made to the convales-
cent hospitals in the North, and that there have
been perhaps millions of money appropriated to
furnish ice and other comforts to the soldiers in
those hospitals. If I could have my way at this
season of the year, I should be much more anx-
ious to furnish fire and stoves, than to furnish ice;
for, sir, on last Sunday, in a convalescent camp,
within three miles of this city, under the care of
the medical department as I understand, and un-
der its immediate eye, theie were large numbers
of sick soldiers in that hospital withoutfood which
thuy could eat, without beds to lie upon, without
blankets to cover them, lying upon the ground,
and without stoves and fire to keep them from
freezing.
Mr. "FESSENDEN. Was that in a hospital?
Mr. TEN EYCK. In the convalescent hos-
pital withm three miles of the spot where I am
now speaking.
Mr. KING. The convalescentcamp.
Mr. TEN EYCK. They have a hospital there,
oi they claim to have a hospital there, and claim
to have a surgeon to overlook it; and there are
thousands of Pennsy ivanians, and there are hun-
dreds it not thousands of Massachusetts men,
there are hundreds of soldiers from my own State,
and from almost every other State in the North
there. Some of them are in barracks, and some
of them are intents, without fire, without beds or
blankets, sick, debilitated, crowded six together
beneath the mere slight shelter of a tent. These
men I presume are supplied in the same way with
these lotions.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They draw
their regular rations of course.
Mr TEN FYCK. They arc supplied in the
same way; and in that very encampment or hos-
pital there can be but some five or six examined
a day by the regulations of that establishment;
