450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
and if you increase this rgte of the ration to the
amount of thirty cents a day, under the system
which has heretofore existed, what will be the re-
sult? I do not wish to bring any charge against
a profession so respectable as that which has con-
trol of this affair, but I believe that your thou-
sands who' are in that camp will remain there
until they die, and are dragged out by the heels.
I happen to know something about this matter,
and Ctpon testimony on which I can rely; and 1
am opposed to any system that will go to in-
crease theamountof the rations, which will enable
the persons who have the control and manage-
ment ofthese affairs to dispose of them in the way
in which it is said they have been disposed of here-
tofore in many instances, and in the way in which
I fear such an increased price would induce cer-
tain persons to dispose of them to the disadvant-
age of the poor soldiers. I shall opnose the whole
bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Now Jersey avows strong sympathy
for the soldiers, hut he will vote against this bill.
His chief argument, however, has been that per-
sons in the country send to this city articles for
the soldiers, and they do not reach "the soldiers;
they m*e stolen or sold at auction; and that the
convalescent camp, which is not a hospital, and
over which the medical department has no con-
trol, ig not properly managed.
Sir, persons send to the Army articles without
being properly directed, and as there is nobody
here to take charge of them, they are often sold
to pay the expenses of the freight. Persons who
send articles to the soldiers throughout the coun-
try should see to it that those articles go into the
hands of proper agents, who can deliver them
where they are intended to be deliveicd. I have
no doubt many of the articles sent to soldiers in
the field and in the hospitals have been stolen, and
some ot'them have been sold atauction. There was
an auction sale, a day or two ago, of accent quan-
tity of these articles to pay the freight. Where
the money goes after the freight is paid, I do not
know. The generous donors should sec to it that
the soldiers get the articles intended for them.
Ill regard to this convalescent camn 1 have to
soy, that from seventy to eighty thousand persons
have passed through that camp m the last six
months. There are several thousand men there
now. I do not believe it to be a well managed
Camp; but it is a military camp, not a medical
camp. The medical department hnie no control
over it; und the Surgeon General tills me if hi'
had contiol, he could reform it altogether. U is
under the control of General Hointzeliimii.
Mr. TMN KVCiC. f know peilW tly well that
General Hammond has undertaken to exercise con-
trol of it, and lias made promises, over unit uvr
again, that the abus.-s there should lie corrected
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts Tli.it camp
is underGeneral Heimzelman'u direction ami con-
trol as military governor here, and General Ham-
mond has no contiol over it. Colonel Vollum
some weeks ago made a report, 111 which ln> said
it was a disgrace to the country. He made an
elaborate report,and made suggestions for reform,
but the medical department lrul no aiithoiity to
reform it.
Mr. GRIMES. Who did lie rrnorf to?
Mr. WILSON, of .Massachusetts'. Tlcivnortod
to the Surgeon General,and the Surgeon tieiieral
sent it to the War Department. The abolition of
General Heintzclman was called to u bv tic Sec-
retary of War.
I think tliey have made some imtimvenn
there, but not such improvements as otiglr 'o be
made. 1 think there ought tu he at liM.sn.huiv <u
forty officers sent there at onec from the brigades
in the field, and thirty or forty surgeons sent there,
and that every man in the camp should be at once
examined, and if he is fit to go back to his com-
mand, he should go back at once. If he ought to
to be discharged, ho should be immediately dis-
charged; if he ought to be sent into a hospital,
he ought to be sent at once to the hospital. If it is
best that he should haie a furlough of thirty or
sixty days to go home and get weli^ it ought to be
promptly granted. And, sir, I think if those who
have authority would exercise the organizing
power that tliey have, they could refoun these
abuses altogether.
Now, I want Senators to understand precisely
what this firs! section of the bill is based uuon.
When we sayan officer shall have a ration a day,
we value it at thirty cents,if it is commuted.
The ration is fixed by law, and is notsufficient,
at its value of eighteen cents per day, to furnish
what is absolutely neccssary for a sick man in
these hospitals.
Mr. GRIMES. Where?
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Where they
are mostly confined—in this city, Philadelphia,
and New York, in the East; and Cincinnati, St.
Louis, and along the lines of railroad, in the West.
The Surgeon "General made a diet table that he
believed, on examining the best hospitals of our
own country and the hospitals of the British army,
was the best diet table for sick and wounded sol-
diers. He did that as a medical man for their
comfort, and to add to the efficiency of the service.
This table was carried out in certain designated
hospitals by the surgeons. The report is, as to
cost, that it is about thirty cents, and, in the next
place, that it adds wonderfully to the health and
comfort of the men.
On the strength of that experiment, this section
of the bill was prepared by the Surgeon General
himself, and piepared on his authority on the
ground of an experiment tried in the best man-
aged hospitals of tile Army. The price is fixed
at that late because he ioiuul that in the best
managed hospitals of the Army it would cost
about that price. He believes it would be for the
comfort of the soldiers and for the efficiency of
the service that this diet table which he prepared
should be adopted throughout all the hospitals of
the Army, and this section of the bill is based on
that idea.
That there are abuses in the hospitals of the
country, that some men in those hospitals steal,
we have abundant, proof before the nation. We
seem to live in an age when men in the military
service, and to some extent in the civil service,
but far less there, shirk duties and slink responsi-
bilities.
Mr. COLL AM KR. Permit me to ask one
question. Cannot the .Surgeon General have that
table adopted just as well without tins bill pass-
in*', ns with it r
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think so. It mnv be that lie can do it.
Mr RICK. I will say to the honorable chair-
man that he certainly has the power to doit; that
is, it lias been imparted to him by Congress. Last
year we nppiopuutcd f.500,000 for that very pur-
pose. Tins year he Skis asked for $190,0U0. if
that was not sufiieiom, *vhy did lie not ask for
moir^
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is an-
other nMftei ,
M r. U ICE. No; it is a fund for furnishing ice,
ft nits, and olh<M- coin forts. It in (dudes every th ing.
Mr. POMKROY i can explun tint. Tim
soldiers in the field do not commute their intions.
The commutation is only in the hospitals in the
cities. In the field the Smgeon Geneial needs a
tund of that kind, heeausctherc the lation is not
commuted ; but in the hospitals in the cities, where
the ration is com muled, the commutation furnishes
a fund to supply the soldiers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language of the last
act was, for ofh^r comforts of sick and conva-
lescent Soldll'VV "
Mr. POMEROY. The practice is jo commute
in the hosmtals, but not in the field.
Mr. FESSENDEN. TJut can he not apply this
fund jiu't as l;e 3
Mr. POMERO V. By changing the whole sys-
tem—the Army regulations.
Mr, FE^SENDMN. Not at all; all he lias to
do \ < to o! d< i t In se things to be fui mshtd.
Mr. POMEROY. And precisely the contrary
to what the Senator from Ohio said is true.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Does the
Senator from Maine propose that the Surgeon
General shall go on and order his diet table to be
carried out in the hospitals, which he believes the
health ofctfie Army and the comfort of the soldiers
and the efficiency of the service require? The
Senator will not permit him to do that; but if he
does it, it will cost what this bill piovtdes for.
As to the appropriation which has been referred
to, it amounts to only about one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars for ice and articles of that
kind. The other items are not food, but for clerks,
servants, furniture, beds, &c.—not food, not ra- |
tions; they have nothing to do with rations. !
Passing from this section, I desire to say a
single word in regard to the second section of this
bill. The second section provides for an Assistant
Surgeon General, and for two more medical in-
spectors. The Department asked for one Assist-
ant Surgeon General and four medical inspectors.
Wc have cut them down to two medical inspect-
ors. ^
Whenever we have asked for an increase of the
force necessary for the proper organization of the
Army, of the medical department, or the other
departments of the Army, we have been met by
a stern resistance here. Sir, if at once the proper
officers, with the proper rank, and the proper sal-
aries,had been promptly appointed and performed
their duties, they would have saved tens of mil-
lions of dollars to this country. I would not, how-
ever, like to underwrite the appointees, military or
civil, of the Government, and guaranty that they
would do their duty faithfully.
Here is a proposition, also, for twenty surgeons
and forty assistant surgeons, to be promoted and
appointed according to existing laws, and ten
medical storekeeper, and as many medical cadets
as the Surgeon General may deem necessary. Wc
employ now fifteen hundred contract surgeons,
hired men; and everybody knows they are vastly
inferior to regular surgeons of the volunteer and
regular service. And if we could appoint a thou-
sand good surgeons to-day, if the bill provided
for that, and also provided, if it could do so, for
the proper men, I think it would be for the inter-
est of the country to get the men.
it is difficult to get good surgeons. This prop-
osition is to promote in the regular service twenty
surgeons and to appoint forty assistant surgeons.
If they have had the proper training, there is no
matter how many medical cadets the Government
employs, for it needs all it can get, and more too.
The other section provides that we shall repeal the
five years limitation. There are but two assistant
surgeons that can now be appointed surgeons;
only two that have been in the service five years.
A great many of these men will make better sur-
geons than you can now pick up in the country
among men without experience. I think that 13
a good provision, a wise provision, and I think
the limitation ought to be repealed during this
war
In regard to the fourth and fifth sections, I am
willing that they should be stricken out of the bill.
The fifth section piovides that the chief medi-
cal director of departments and armies in the field
and the senior surgeon on duty in the Surgeon
General's Office, regularly so assigned by the War
Department on the detail of the Surgeon General,
shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments each
of a colonel of cavalry. The surgeon at the head
of the army of the Potomac has the same mnk as
the snigeon of a little regiment of two hundred.
The one has the responsibility of taking care ofa
couple of hundred men; the other has the respons-
ibility of superintending and directing allthesur-
geons 111 that great at mv; and this section simply
provides that the surgeon at the head of a depart-
ment, or at the head of an army in the field, shall
have this piomotion. It seems to me that a sur-
geon at the head of a large army in the field, who
has the direction of all that concerns the medical
department of the army, should have a higher
rank than the surgeons in the regiments that corn-
pose the army. He has vaster responsibilities, and
he has greater expenditures. If Senators think
the rank of colonel too much, then make it lieu-
tenant colonel; but it appears to me to be wrong
that the surgeon at the head ofa large army should
have simply the rank of tiie suigeon of a regiment.
The Senatot from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
the other day denounced the idea of suigeons hav-
ing any rank at all. Sir, the Surgeon General of
the British army of one hundred and fifty thousand
men is a major general, and the British army has
six or ei^ht other surgeons who are brigadier gen-
erals. Tliey have thirty surgeons who enter the
field as lieutenant colonels, and when they have
been there three years become colonels. For their
little army of one hundred and fifty thousand,
about us large as the aimy of the Potomac, they
have got a major general and six or eight briga-
dier generals, and thirty colonels in the English
medical department.
Sir, I do not stand here as a special friend of the
medical department of the Army. I think this in-
discriminate censure we so often hear is unde-
