1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
served. A great number of these men toil night
and day with fidelity to their profession find to
the country, and I think they are entitled to the
same consideration that other men who serve their
country faithfully are entitled to.
The sixth section of the bill provides for a force
of fifty surgeons and two hundred and fifty assist-
ant .surgeons of volunteers. It adds to that force
three hundred men, and if wo could get the right
men and were to add a thousand we should save
money to this Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator what is the object of that? Every volunteer
regiment has a surgeon and two assistant sur-
geons bjAexisting laws. Now, what do you want
two hundred and fifty more assistant surgeons
for? Where will you placc them? What will
be their duties ?
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. We shall
place them in the hospitals in the service of the
Government, where we now employ and pay fif-'
teen hundred civilians. This Government has in
its employ fifteen hundred hired surgeons, because
there arc not enough surgeons in our service. It
is supposed th.it an army surgeon or a volunteer
surgeon regularly brought into the service will be
better than contract surgeons, and these men are
wanted to take their place.
Mr. RICE. Let me say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that my remaiks applied only to
those officers who did not peifoim their duties.
The Senator says that wo have fifteen hundred
citizen surgeons, or doctors, or whatever you may
please to e.all them. We have that number, but
I have no assurance, and I do nor believe, that if
this bill be passed that number will he decieased,
and I will cite an instance. At the hist session
the President sent a special communication to us,
saying that he had employed seven chaplains, J
think, for the hospitals, and asking Cong'ess to
legalize that action on his part. I think that was
the number he stated; at any rate, that was the
number employed, according to the information
before our committee; but what has been done
since we legalized that one act3 Upwards of
one hundred mid fifty chaplains have been ap-
pointed 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Letmeconeet my friend
before he makes amistake. In legalizing that act,
we simply said that the President might be au-
thorized to appoint chaplains to the vaiious hos-
pitals; and that he has done; no moie. We gave
him the authority.
Mr. RICE. That is so, but it was supposed it
would be limited to only a small numbei
•Mr. FESSENDEN. He has not transcended
the authority we <rave him.
Mr. RICE. I do not say he has; but I say the
result has been as I have stated.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] asks me why it
is that we want tins increase of surgeons. Aly
answer is that we are short of .surgeons, especially
short of good ones, and that we want to increase
the it force nwtojd o f ■ tri ploying con ti act surgeon x.
Mr. GRIMES. Why?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Because
they are infinitely better; and most of our troubles
and corruptions in the hospitals (and down here,
especially, where they had thirteen or- fouiteeii of
these men at the convalescent camp) have been
among these contract surgeons. Theie is less ic-
sponsibihty among them, and they are generally
an inferior class of men to those that come into
the service regularly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is now almost five
o'clock; will theSenatorfrom Massachusettsgive
way to a motion to go into executive session to
refer some matters 5
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask before that motion
is made, because this js a matter on which i am
most troubled in reference to tins bill, that the
Committee on Mihtai y Affairs be prepaied, when
this bill comes up to-morrow, to inform us what
the lasv is in regard to these matters of commuta-
tion of rations, &c.; what the legul.itions are;
what the price is, and what the commutation is.
I desire to know what the law is for making any
difference between the men in hospitalsand others.
Let us know that, and settle it.
On the motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business; and after some time spent therein,
the dooi s w ere i eopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 22, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Thomas L. Hastings, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION".
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, recommending that certain
unexpended balances of appropriations for Indian
services in Oregon and Washington Territory be
diverted and applied to the payment of outstand-
ing liabilities for Indian services in said State and
Territory; which was rcfened to the Committee
on Indian AiTairs, and ordered to be printed.
ASSISTANT S13 C U K T A It IK S OF WAll.
Mr.-HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a jmnt resolution extend-
ing the term of the Assistant Secretin ics of War.
Mr. HOLM AN. Let it be lead for in formation.
The resolution, which was read, repeals so much
of the act entitled " An act to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint two additional Assistant Secre-
taries of Wai approved January 22, I860, as
limits the teims of those offices to one year; and
extends the term of those offices for two years from
this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object if the exten-
sion of time is limited to one year.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my colleague to allow
me, in lieu of that, to introduce a bill embracing
that and one other subject; and, wit h the pel mis-
sion of the House, I will make a statement, that
my colleague may see whether my bill will not
answer his purpose.
The Committee of Ways and Means received
a communication this morning fioni Mr. Chitten-
den, Register in the Tieasury office, stating that,
owing to his labors and othei causes, his right side
and arm had become paralyzed, so that he could
not priform his labois with his usual facilities;
and asking lins House to au'honz" the appoint-
ment of a deputy, in accordance with the lecom-
mcndalion of the Societal y of the Ti t-asury in his
report. The committee h.isdiawn a bill granting
that request, and also extending the law, which
mv fii'Mid fioin Pennsylvania refeis to, for two
years fiom tins time.
Mr. IIALE. 1 will withdraw my request, and
yield to mv colleague.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to introduce the
lull. I ask that it be read; and then 1 hope the
House will pass it.
The bill, which was read, authoiizes the Pres-
ident to appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, an officer in the office of the
Register of tlie ALYeasut y, to be called Deputy
Register, with an annual salai y of $£2,500. italso
amends the act authorizing the President to appoint
two addt?ionaI Assistant S^ciUanes of War, ap-
proved January 2:2, 38G;2, so as to continue the
offices their, n cieated f<«r two yeats fom ihe ex-
pnation of their pieseiit n j ms of office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to the in-
troduction of the bill, pro\ ided the gentleman will
agtee to make the peiiod foi which the terms of
these officers shall be extended one year instead
of two, and limit the appointment of the Deputy
Re<ristei to one year.
Mr. STEVEIN'S. Rather than not have the bill
pass to-day—for the teimsof these officers expire
to-monow—I will change it so as to read as the
gentleman suggests.
The bill was accordingly modified as suggested
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mi*. STEVENS. 1 ask that the letter of the
Register may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Register's Office, January *23, 1S^>3.
My be*r Fir: I am obliged to mite you, tor my duties
are too picking ami continuous to give me tiuic lor a per-
sonal r.ili
The. Im-moss of this bureau cannot £o on any Jonefftrwith-
out the appointment of a Deputy It^n-tei, a* leeonnnemled
in ^ecictaty Chase's report. It iin- feu outgiown the phys-
ical capacity of any one man. I atn very anxious to hnng
the subject before the Committee ol Wajs and Mean1-, in
older to ask them to report a lili and put it upon it- p< f-
so£p, and ako to give me an opportunity of explaining its
necessity and the lactb connected with it. A? time piec-
ing, i should be pleased to do this at as eailv a day as pos-
sible, and bope, if a meeting is not already piovided tor,
that I am not asking too much in requesting that one may
be called for the purpose.
It is not my fault that the ' ,yr Luis  ot boon brought to
the notice of Congress before. But I ara just back in my
office after a period of near a month, during wbich I have
not been abie to write at all.
The incessant wiitirig required produced a rheumatic
paralysis of my right arm, wholly disabling It for a time. I
fear a recurrence of the same trouble unless I can have
some relief. >
Earnestly hoping that X may count on your good scrvicee
in this matter, I am your?, truly,
L. E. CHITTENDEN.
Hon. J. S. Morrill, House of Representatives,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
suggest an amendment to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, i move to make the salary of the
Deputy Register $2,000, and to add $500 to the
salary of the Register, I believe that the Register
has not reasonable compensation. I know that
he has been very much overworked.
Mr. WASHliURNE. 1 should prefer to re-
duce the snlnry of (he deputy, and let the princi-
pal 's stand where it is.
Mr. ROSCOE CON KITING. I would like to
inquire wheiher the Register has asked for an in-
crease of salary, and whether the Secretary of the"
Treasury has recommended any increase of his
pay ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommends it in his re-
port.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
does not understand my question. 1 did not ask
whether application had been made for the ap-
pointment of ti Deputy Register. That I under-
stand. I want to know if any officer has recom-
mended that the salary of the Register be increased;
H and if so, I would like to have the communication
read.
Mr. EDWARDS. When the question is taken
on the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, I ask that it be divided.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means to withdrawing
demand, to enable me to offer an amendment to
the second section of the bill, so as to provide that
these Assistant Secretaries of War shall have their
terms extended for two yeats instead of one.
The SPEAKER. That amendment could not
lie entertained, as the bill was rocqived by unan-
imous consent, on the express condition that the
tei ms of these officers should be extended, for only
one year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that, after tliebill
is in, the House has the power to amend it.
The SPEAKER. Not when it was received on
that express condition.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidercd.
The question was taken on the first branch of
Mr. Tiioma&'s amend met it to strikeout" ^2,500,"
and insert " ^2,000," so as to make the salary of
the Assistant Register $2,000 per annum; and it
was agreed to.
The'question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment, to increase the salary
of ihe Register $500 per annum; and it was dis-
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,and
lead a thud time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly iepd the third time, and passed.
?>lr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enkoLled bill signed.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
i oiled Rills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined, and found truly enrolled, an act (H. R. No.
Gil) making appropriationsforthesupportofthe
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, lt>64; when the Speaker signed the same.
ways and means.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolve itself In to the Com-
mittee of ihe Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
.1 So the rules were suspended, and the House
■ accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr, Pike
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill of the House (No. 659) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
