452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
tlfe amendment proposed by the-gentleman from
.Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] to strike out in the twelfth
line of the first section the words, " upon the best
terms h.e can obtain not less than par," and to
insert iri lieu thereof the words, " such terms as
he may deem most advisable;" so as to make thu
clause read:
And lie (the Secretary of the Treasury) may, in Ills (lis-
cretion, dispose of such bonds at any time upon such terms
" as he may deem most advisable, for lawful money of the
United States, &c.
Mr. HOOPER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; andjffessrs. Holman and
Hooper were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to amend the same
section by striking out in line fifteen the words
"interest-bearing;" so as to make the continua-
tion of the clause just amended read:
■' Or for any of the certificates of indebtedness that may
at any time be unpaid, or for any of the Treasury notes
heretofore issued, or which may be issued under tlie pro-
visions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SPAULDINGr. I move, now, to strike out
the same words where they occur in line seven-
teen; so that the Clause will read:
And all the bonds and Treasury notes issued under the
provisions of this act shall be exempt from taxation by or
under State authority.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move further to amend
the section by-striking out in lines nineteen and
twenty the words " issued and-," by striking out
in line twenty the words " interest-bearing,"and
inserting "Treasury,"and by inserting, alter the
word "time," in line twenty-one, the word " is-
sued;" so that the clause wlil read:
Provided)That there shall be outstanding of bonds, Treas
ury note«, and United States notes, at any tune lotted mi
derthe provisions of this act, uogreatei amountaltogether
than the sum of $900,000,001).
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move, now, to strike out
the remainder of the section, as follows:
Except an additional amount equal to any amount of the
seven and three tenths bonds, so called, heretofore issued,
which may be redeemed and tundod in such bonds as arc
authorised under the provisions of thu act,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to amend the sec-
ond section of the bill by striking out all after the
words "and be it further enacted," in the first
line, down to and including the word u after," in
the ninth line, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Tiea urv be. and he is hereby,
authorized to issue, on the eieditol the United Sutro.
$300,000,000 of United States notes, hemnig int«-nM, pn_\ -
$ble 'semi-annually, in com, at the late of one cent ami a
half per day on each iftlOh, being at Hie tate of ,r> fet
cent, per annum, payable to bearer, and redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government after.
And inserting, in lieu thereof, the following:
That the. Secretary of the Tieasury be, ami he is her ebj\
authorized to issue, on tne cicdit ot the United Stat-s.
$400,000,000 of Treasury notes, bearing mteiest ai a rate
not exceeding hx percent, per annum, payable wmu-an-
nually,in com,and the principal payable at any time after.
So as to make it read:
Sec. 2. Jliul he it further enacfcd, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and lie ss  heieby, authorised to is>ue, on
the credit of the United States, $-100,000,000 of Treesniv
notes, bearing inteiest at a rate note\ccedni<^iY p'u cent
perannuin, payable semi-annually m coin, and the pniK'i-
pdl payable at any time alter thiee \ ears tinm date, at the
Treasury of the United State-, and oi .-neb don<nrttn?uio;>j
as he may deem expedient, not less tiiiir, n n dollars < aeh ;
and such notes shall be leeeivable forintern.d duties, a<u!
all debts and demands due to the United Huxhh, exempt
duties on imports.
That amendment merely changes the rate of in-
terest to not exceeding six per cent, per annum,
and changes the amount from *$00,000,000 to
$400,000,000.
'Die amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to 3Me:;d
by striking out the following words:
And any holder of said United States notes depositing
any sum, whether before oi alter maiuuty, riot less than
fifty dollars or some multifile of fifty doiUr.-. w ith the Treas-
urer of ihe.Unlted States or eitiior of the Assistant Treas-
urers or either of the depositaries winch may be designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury for Mich purpose, shall
receive, in exchange therefor, duplicate certificates ot de-
posit for the amount of prmHpal nn i any accumulated in-
terest thereon, one of which aMybt- in::a to th i Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who shall thereupon Rsue to the
holder an equal -amount m bonds of the United States,
coupon or registered, as may be desired, bearing interest at
the rate of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually
in coin, and redeemable at the pleasure of the Government
alter twenty years from date.
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
And the holder of any iuch notes shall have the right at
anv time, before or after they become due, and under such
lules as? shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
to exchange trie same, with the accrued interest thereon, at
the Treasury oi the United States, or at the office of any
Assistant Treasuier or depositary designated for the pur-
pose, foi an equal amount of le^al Treasury notes.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to understand this. I do
not mean to interfere much with tins bill of the
committee, except so as to make it decent. "VVe
have authorized the issue of £300,000,000 of legal
tender notes, and have made them convertible, at
the option of the holder, into six per cent, bonds at
par. We have so described it, if I recollect right,
on the back of these notes. I am not certain of
that, for I do not often see them. Now,ifi under-
stand this amendment right, it is to put these
notes on a different footing from those. I want to
know whether! am right or not. I see that this
applies to the interest-bearing notes only.
Mr. SPAULDING. In regard to these notes,
Mr. Chairman, they are what are denominated
Treasury notes and bear interest notexceedmg six
per cent, per annum. The object of this amend-
ment is to take away from them then* immediate
con vei tibility into bonds, by giving the Secretary
of the Treasury power at any time to pay legal
tender notes for them and to pay the accrued in-
terest thereon.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. We understood
. the other day that the $100,000,000 of legal tender
I notes that had been authorized was to be deducted
j from the §300,000,000 ant hot ized here, so that this
1 bjil would authorize the issue of but $200,000,000.
i Now, I want to inquire of my colleague whether
| the legal tender notes for wine h these interest-
[ beaiing notes are to bp exchangeable, ate to be a
' pact of this $200,000,000, or of some previous is-
sue; or whether this bill contemplates an issue
i additional to this ^'200,000,000 into which these
i notes are to be convertible? 1 ask my colleague
1 to what extent an additional authorization of le-
gal tender notes is to be made in order to furnish v
something into which these notes are to be con-
vei tible ?
Mr. SPAULDING. The acts of Julyand Feb-
ruary last furnish $250,000,000 of legal tender
I notes, with a leserve of $50,000,000 to ledeemde-
i posits in sub-Treasuries, The next section of the
' hill authorizes $300,000,000 more. That leaves
I 550,000,000 into which these interest-bearing
i notes may be convertible. There is to be no ad-
! ditional issue, so far as we now propose,
i Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 mean so far as
| tills bill goes.
i Mr. BiDDLE. I move to strike out the last
! word or" thu amendment. I desire to ask whether
i on the lnterest-beain^g Treasury notes there is
1 any provision whatever for an actual payment of
j interest to the holder, at any time, beyond the
! payment to be made when the accumulated mtcr-
i est, with the notes, are transferred or exchanged
j for bonds.
, Mr. SPAULDING. If the gentleman will look
at the thirty-third and thirty-fourth lines of the
same section, he will see that the interest is to be
paid if not presented before.
Mr. RIDDLE, fs that in manuscript or print ?
Mr. SPAULDING. You will find it m the
printed text.
| Mr. BIDDLE. I withdraw my amendment.
I Mr. iSrAUJ-niNCr's amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. SPAULDING. I im directed by th  Com-
j inittee of Wavsand Means to wow to amend by
I striking out, after the woi d ki such." in the twenty-
i e.ahth line, the words <4 United States," and in-
| sorting in lieu thereof the n-.ird " Treasury," so
| that it wil read, " and such Treasury notes may
; be u^cd,*' d:e.
! 1 ho amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. COX. I do not like to interfere with the
! amendments of thA Committee of Ways and
I Meann, but I have an amendment to propose Lo
i the thirteenth line.
j Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that the amend-
| ments of the Committee of Ways and Means to
j this section be first disposed of. Perhaps some of
i us may then hnv* amendment4? to offer.
Mr. COX. Very well.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend by
stiiking out, in line thirty-eight, the words " Uni-
ted States interest-bearing," and insert in lieu
thereof the word " Treasury;" so that it will read:
" reissue any amount of Treasury notes herein
authorized."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPA ULDING. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move a similar
amendment to the fortieth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to Amend by
striking out the word "six," in line forty-two,
and inserting in lieu of it the word " three;" so
that it will read:
There shall be punted on the back of the United States
interest beanng notes, \\ Inch may he issued under the pro-
vi-ioiib ot this act. the amount ot inteiest which will have
accumulated at the end ot each three months irom the date
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend by
striking out in line forty-three the words, "the
following."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend by
striking out the words " the within note is," and
inserting in lieu theieof the words, <{ importing
that said notes ate;" so that it will read:
Importing that said not"-? arc a legal tender in payment
of internal duties, and all debts and demands due to the
United States except duties ou impoits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend by
striking out the words, " and is exchangeable for
bonds of the United States, bearing six per cent,
interest, payable m coin semi-annually," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words, " and arc receiv-
able for all loans made to the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out
the words, "except duties on imports." The
reason for this amendment has, no doubt, been
suggested to the Committee of Ways and Means
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vl:\ts,] and others. Payment of the public dues
oughtto be uniform. Thatis very clear. Perhaps
it is impossible at this day to make it uniform,
cither all m gold or all in paper. But it has a bad
effect, especially to one class of people and one
section of the country. The retention of these
words, "except duties on imports," requires the
import duties to be paid in com. What is the
eilect of that? Its effect is, beyond all contro-
versy, to increase the price of all imported articles.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a single question?
i Mr. COX. Not now, sir. The effect of this
1 is to increase the burdens to a certain section and
i to a certain interest—that is, labor. There is no
doubt of that. I have voted against all this bank-
ing and currency business by the Government.
I believed it was bad at first and would lead to
worse results. It was like a machine, which, if
once you put your hand in, your whole body
Jj would follow. It matters lit tie to me which of
;! the plans ate adopted. Tl;ey will all alike fail;
j! some more speedily and more disastrously than
i! others. I will vote for the least dangerous ex-
;j pt-rnnent. What you want to sustain the Gov-
'•> ernmentis confidence in its agents. I venture to
i' say that there is no case of a Government kcep-
Ij in" up its credit by rnnningcountcr to the popular
;i will. Credit is confidence, and confidence implies
'j votes, popular agreement with the policy pursued.
I TIim Administration, for reasons not now to be
advanced, has, by its conduetof the war and the
n treatment of the slavery question, dishonored its
'' own hills. The protest of the people is the pro-
test of the Government paper.
! 1 will sustain, as an amendment, the amendment
■ j of the committee as the least evil.
i But I desire to enter now my objections to this
whole policy. 3 do it by the amendment I offer.
| Every dollar of new paper issue for circulation
increases the buidens of the West. IIow? By
the increase of the price of every article which
