1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
his intention to become a citizen of the United
States, and the Governments of Europe do not
recognize, on their part, that he thereby forfeits
his allegiance to their Government or thereby be-
comes a citizen of the United States, this act may
sow the seeds of more difficulty than we are aware
of. We may find ourselves, before we are through
with the practical operations of this bill, engaged
in more wars than we bargained for.
! Certainly there can he no necessity for urging
the passage of this bill now, because it is utterly
impossible to defeat the passage of the bill with
snch a majority of the Senate in its favor. It can
be passed by them at any time; there is plenty of
time to pass it, and a little delay will have no effect
in its passage. It is now twenty minutes past
twelve o'clock; we are running into Sunday morn-
ing. There is plenty of time left for the passage
of this bill; and I say—the remark is honestly
made, and made in good faith—that if we under-
take to make persons who are subjects of foreign
Governments subject to our conscription law it
may sow the seed of more difficulty than we are
aware of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made by the
House of Representatives.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 6; as follows:
YE Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer. Cowan, DaDixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden, Fool,
Fosti'i, Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Harris, II*'ndei&on,
Hick?, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDous.il!, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman,
yumnci, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot,
and Wilson of M.t^achu-eifs—3o.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Kennedy, Powell,
tiaulsbury, and Wall—6.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote just
tak* n terminates the action of the two Houses on
the bill.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (No.
770) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and
pay interest on the public debt,"approved July 1,
1862, and for other purposes; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Z. B. CAYERLY.
Mr. SUMNER. It is now Sunday morning,
Mr. President, and I am going to ask of the Sen-
ate to do justice to a widow. It will only take
two minutes to pass a widow's bill. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 153, for the relief of the widow
of the late Z. B. Caverly.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 153) authorizing the adjustment
of the account ofZ. B. Caverlv, late secretary of
legation at Peru, for loss of exchange, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to require the proper accounting officers to
adjust Mr. Caverly's accountfor loss by exchange
upon the same principles and evidence as governed
the adjustment of alike account of John Randolph
Clay, late minister to Peru, under the joint reso-
lution approved February 21, 1861, with a pro-
viso that the amount allowed shall not exceed
|300.
An amendment was proposed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations to strike out the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, however, That the amount which shall be paid
under the provisions of this resolution shall not exceed
§300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I understood the Senator to
say that this was foi a widow.
Mr. SUMNER. It is for the widow of Z. B.
Caverly.
Mr POWELL. Theicsolutiondoesnotsayso.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrosspd, and the resolu-
tion to be read a third time. The joint resolution
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 28, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. "Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
READING OF TUB JOURNAL.
Mr, WASHBURNE. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal. It is a very long
Journal, and records mostly mere forma! motions.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of dispensing with the reading of
the Journal,
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 submit that that motion
is not in order. *
TheSPEAKER. The Chairfhinks that during
the last ten days of the session it is in order to
move to suspend the rules on any subject that is
before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The motion is often
made in the last days of the session.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suppose it is the right
of any gentleman to have the Journal read.
The SPEAKER. It is only by a rule of the
House that the Journal is required to be read
every morning, and the gentleman from Tennes-
see moves to suspend that rule.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a common practice
towards the close of the session.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I demand the yeas and
nays on suspending the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
COST OF RAILROAD TRANSPORTATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Secre-
tary of War in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 19th ultimo as to the
amount paid to railroad companies between New
York and Washington for the transportation of
troops, &c.; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
February 27, J863.
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules of the two
Houses be suspended foi the residue of the session.
The joint rules proposed to be suspended were
read, and are as follows:
" 16. No bill that shall have pa%«ed one Ilouse shall be sent
for conctirienee to the other on either of the last three days
of the session.
" 17. No lull or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate shall be presented to the
President ot the United States for his approbation, on the
last day of the session."
The resolution of the Senate was concurred in.
REPRESENTATIVE PROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I arn instructed by the Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred the credentials of Alvin
Hawkins, claiming to have been elected a Repre-
sentative from the ninth congressional district of
Tennessee, to report the following: resolution:
Resolved, That Aivin Hawkins is not entitled to a seat
in this Ilou.se as a Representative from the ninth district
in Tennessee.
I move that the report be laid upon the table,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA AND TENNESSEE.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I yielded away
the floor yesterday when I had it, and I want now
to ask the House to pass bills providing for the
election of members of Congress in the States of
Tennessee and Louisiana. It will take but a few
minutes.
Mr. WADSWORTII. I object. I have been
trying for more than a month to get a bill through.
PRINTING OF A .UEPOIIT.
The SPEAKER stated as the business in order,
the consideration of the internal revenue bill re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the*
state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It was the understand-^
ing last evening that the report of the committee
of conference on the indemnity btll should be
printed. 1 ask that the order to print be made/
There being no objection, the order was made.
INCREASE OF GENERAL OFFICERS,
Mr. McPHERSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill to increase the number of major gen-
erals and brigadier generals.
The report was read; and is as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill of the Senate
(No. 515) to authorize an increase in the number of major
generals and brigadier generals for forces in the service of
(life United States, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to lecommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate concur with the House in the third
amendment to strike out all after the wordArmy," inline
eleven of said bill, to the end of the bill.
That the Senate concur in the first amendment of the
House, with an amendment to strikeout the word '* forty,"
after the word " appointed," in lino eight of said bill, and
insert in lieu thereof " thirty."
That the Senate concur in the second amendment of the
House, with an amendment to «trike out the words u one
hundred." after tho word "and," in line eight,and in lieu
thereof insert the words " seventy-five."
That the Senate concur in the fourth amendment of the
House, with an amendment; so as t3 make the proviso
read:
''Provided, That the officers to be appointed under this act
shall be selected fiom those who have been conspicuous
for gallant or meritorious conduct in the line of dutv."
HENRY WILSON,
EDGAR COWAN,
milton s latham,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
13dward Mcpherson,
W. M. DUNN,
Managers on the pavt of the House.
Mr. McPHERSON. It will be seen that we
propose to divide the difference between the two
Houses as to the number of additional major gen-
erals and brigadier generals to be appointed, and
that we have modified the language of the proviso
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. ] would like to know the reason of
the committee for striking out the words "gallant
and meritorious services on the field of battle,"
and changing it to "gallantand meritorious con-
duct in the line of duty."
Mr. McPHERSON. The change was made in
order to niaku the language conform to the ordi-
nary usage. The language " gallant and merito-
rious seivice in the line of duty," is the usial
phraseology.
Mr. COX. 1 do not like the phrase 44 line of
duty." It looks as though it were intended to cut
off men who have fought in the field.
Mr. McPHERSON. Not at all.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that the change
was made m the phraseology because there are
many m<±n who, as commanders of*departments,
have distinguished themselves and entitled them-
selves to promotion, who have never served in
the field at all.
Mr. McPHERSON. The phrase "line of
duty" is more comprehensive, and reaches the
same purpose. I move the previous question on
the report of the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. I should like to say a word about
these amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
Mr. COX. Then I move to lay the report o t
the table; and on that motion I demand the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 85: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Calvert, Corn-
ing, Cox, Crittenden, Delaplame, Dimlap, Hail, Molman,
Johnson, Killinger,Lazear,Mallory,May,Menzies, Morris,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Rubm*on, Shiel,
Smith, Stiles, Wads-worth, Wicklitfe, Woodruff, and Yea-
man—30.
NAYS—Messrs. AJdrich, Arnold, Babbitt, Baily, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Bridges, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell, Casey,
Chamberlain, Clark, Clem^nt^, Coltax, Frederick A. Conk-
lmg,Ro coe Conklmff, Cut lot, Davis.. Diveti. Eliot, Fen ton,
Thomas A. D. Fe.-c«ndon, Fis.ho . Flandei*, Franehot.
Goodwin, Granger.Gurley, Halm, Iljight,Uainson, Hooper,
Horton, Julian, William KHlo g, Lansing, Loomis, Mc-
Knightj McPberson, Maynard, Mitchell, J'ueMn 8. Morrill,
