1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comes from abroad. The customs being paid in
coin—whether wisely or unwisely I do not now
discuss—the price of the coin enters into the pi ice
of the article upon which there is a tariff, and the
consumer pays it. Labor pays it to capital. That
principle is now axiomatic in economy.
This bill will increase the tribute which the
West pays to New England, and lends to weaken
the bonds between the East and West. I speak
this not, as has been falseiy alleged of remarks of
mine in another place, to favor disruption. 1 al-
ways opposed and yet oppose any sort of mutila-
tion of the Republic; but to advise this House and
the country where these quicksands are ! To
what end—to hurry us into them? No; but to
hurry us away from the pitfalls of danger.
No one except the contractors have made so
much money outof this war as the New England
manufacturers; and your issue of greenbacks and
payment of customs in gold and the high price of
gold consequent on your policy have made this
condition.
This is plain. I will give you facts, which the
wise will heed.
In the first place, they have a protection by the
tariff of thirty percent., (I believe,) on foreign
goods coming in competition with thens. The
depreciation of the currency lias operated as a
greater protection to them. At present, the pre-
mium on specie is forty-eight per cent., and on
foreign exchanges sixty percent. The latter must
be added to the cost of the goods in thy foreign
market as well as the duty. This secures to the
manufacturer a protection of moiethan one hun-
dred per cent. Thus I demonstrate it. I take only
one item. The importer purchases one dollar's
worth of prints in England. When he enteis them
for consumption he pays thirty per cent. duty.
This he adds to the original puichase, making
$1 30. He also adds the duToience of exchange,
sixty per cent., making with fust cost and duly
$1 90. On this sum he charges his profit often
per cent, or nineteen cents, which makes $*2 09.
On this sum theretaiier adds Ins profit of twenty
percent, or forty-two cents, making the cost to the
consumer $2 51. Thus, under the present tariff
and paper money system, the manufacturer gets an
actual protection of one hundred and fijty per cent. !
Do you wonder that the manufacturers of Massa-
chusetts divide their regular ten pei cent., and from
twenty to sixty-six per cent, cxtia? On January
1st the Naumkeag Su-am Mills of Salem, Massa-
chusetts, divided sixty-six percent, extra, and the
Peppered Mills, at Biddeford, Maine, divided fifty
per cent, extra. Many other mills divided large
extras at the same time. Do you wonder that cer-
tain interests are satisfied with the war and wish
it to continuer
By the facts I have stated you can see how the
agricultural interests are impoveushed, and how
the life-blood is sucked by these manufacturing
leeches from the veins of labor through the instru-
mentality of a high tariff and an inconvertible paper
money system. You can sec in those simple facts,
which are a specimen of the operation of the sys-
tem, how the great West is taxed and depleted to
fill the pockets of the capitalists of the East. The
agricultural interest, which is the interest I repre-
sent here especially, and which producesa sut plus
above domestic consumption, for winch it must
seek a foreign market, leceives no benefit fmm a
tariff, or from an inflated paper currency. Hence
agricultural products do not rise as other piodnc's
of industry. Let this process go on ten years, and
the whole wealth of the West whl be transferred
to the pockets of New England rnaimfactuiets to
fatten New England capitalists. It is a poor re-
turn for the patriotic devotion of the West and the
farming interests to the Union.
What I object to is this large increase of paper
circulation, utu! the consequent rise in gold. It
will have the effect of further drawing from the
veins of labor, by these manufacturing vampires,
their substance.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio one question. I wish to know of
the gentleman fiom Ohio if he supposes the man-
ufacturers of New'Engiand, or any other portion
of the country, ask for any protection from the
Government in addition to what is afforded by
the regular tariff? So far as they are concerned,
they do not ask it oi need it.
But, sir, as I understand, this House provides
for the payment of interest on the public debt in
coin; and we must provide some means of raising
that com. I suppose the Committee of Ways and
Means have determined that the most feasible
mode of providing that coin is to receive it in the
shape of duties to be paid on the goods which are
imported and consumed in ail parts of thecountry.
[Hen- the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hardly think
the gentleman's proposition needs much discus-
sion; but, as he is a distinguished leader of the
other side of the House, 1 suppose it is proper to
say something in relation to it.
Now, so far as I understand the voice of this
House, it is almost unanimous that the interest on
the permanent debt of the United States shall be
paid in coin. And if you are to strike from the
Treasury this resource for obtaining coin, I would
like to know where we are to get it.
In relation to this matter,! understand that
there is no difference in opinion as to its uniform
and beneficent operation upon all parts of the coun-
try. They are all equally interested in maintain-
ing this feature o'f the law as it now stands. At
the present moment, the only way in which the
payment of foreign merchandise and debts can be
made is by remittances of the produce of thecoun-
try, and that produce is drawn mainly from the
western States. Therefore, if there is now a pre-
mium on gold and silver, it results to the advant-
age of the West, because it raises the produce
which must go there and find a market, and it gives
an equal premium on all the wheat and flour ex-
ported. I do not think the amendment of the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio needs discussion, and I hope it
will be rejected.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out
the same words in the latter part of the section.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understand the gentleman from
Ohio lo pioposc to amend Ins own amendment, L
understand thot that cannot be done.
Mr. COX. I do not propose to amend my own
amendment. I propose to amend a subsequent
part of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment proposed
would not be at this time m order.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Cox was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. COX. I now submit the motion to strike
out the words 4' except duties on imports," where
they occur in the latter part of the section.
I suppose, Mr. Chairman, it would be nearer
exact equity to let the Government go into the
market and purchase the com it may have to use.
That is my opinion. I think it would be alto-
gether more just to every section and every class
of labor 111 this country. There is no doubt of
that faei, if propetly considered, with a view to
the interest of the people boih East and West.
Now, sir, I repeat that agriculture gets no pro-
tection by tari#®or anything else. When it pro-
duces a surplus, that surplus has to seek a foreign
market. The tariff increases the price of every
article the agriculturist requires for domestic con-
sumption, but he g"ts no benefit either from the
tanffor fiom the inflation of Uie currency. That
is the reason, while other products are rising,
that agricultural pi oducts do not i ise. If this sys-
tem ki to go on adding to the increase of duties
on imputts, the profits of the importer and the
profits of the retailer, as well as the price of gold
and exchange, in five or ten years the great West
will be drained for the purpose of enriching the
manufacturing interests of New England. That
wtll be the result of it. It will produce more and
more of that alienation between the East and the
West which I have, on more than one occasion,
depiecated. And 1 warn gentlemen that this will
be the result. To wain against it is not to wish
for it—God forbid 1
I know it is now too late to propose a retreat
from this business of making paper money, and
making it laigely. We on this side have resisted
it from the first. We warned you that if you
once put your hand in, you could not stop if you
would until your whole body would go in it. You
now propose to issue §900,000,000 in bonds or
notes. AH we can do now is to lenew our protest
against this system. The mam object I have in
submitting this amendment is to repeat the old
protest and the old objection, for time has already
demonstrated that we were right at the beginning
of this financial policy. I do not here, at this
time, undertake to show how the business of the
Government can be earned on, or how the credit
of the Government may be kept; but Pwill iffalSS1
the suggestion that the moment your Gorerrrmenf
shall conform its policy to the popular
will restore the confidence of the people; and'&s
confidence is the basis of credit, you will then^
and not till then, be able to raise money,'
there be a change of policy, or unless there\be
military success, or something else that I cannot
just now see, I can see no prospect of a more fa-
vorable condition of things. It may-be that the*
Committee of Ways and Means see for us.a safe
deliverance from the present political and racme*
tary dead lock, but I am not able to see it.- On.
behalf of my own section of country, and for-the
reasons I have stated, I do protest against a further,
issue of Treasury notes at this time. I'believe
it will only have the effect of draining and impov-
erishing one section of the country for the ag-
grandizement of another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose thtf
amendment to the amendment, and ask for a vote
upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to move an amend-
ment, not pro forma > but one of substance. I
move to strike out the entire section as amended.
I do not see the necessity of issuing these inter-
est-bearing notes at all for circulation. If other
gentlemen see the propriety of it, of course they
will authorize their issue. It is apparent upon
the face of the bill that these notes are intended
to be used as a currency, for the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue them to the extent
of $400,000,000, and in denominations of not less
than $10. He may issue the whole amount in
10's, 20's, 50's, and 100's for circulation as cur-
rency, if he shall see proper.
Now, sir, the effect of this is to charge the coun-
try with the interest on these notes, which is not
accessary to enable the Government to obtain: th§
money required for its use. I submit that there
is no good reason why we should "waste the re-
sources of the people by paying interest upon this
$400,000,OOOofnotes, when they will perform only
the office that could be performed by legal tender
notes without interest.
Again: these notes arc to be paid at the expi-
ration of three years, or at any time thereafter at
the pleasure of the Government; so that they may
run, if it be the pleasure of the Government, as
long as these six per cent, twenty year bonds,
and individuals will hold them in their possession
for the whole time, unless they are able to make
a satisfactory bargain with the Government for
their exchange into those bonds, which they can
only do when they can procure the bonds at a de-
preciated price. The effect will thus be to dis-
courage investment in these long bonds, or to en-
courage measures for their depreciation. We, by
our legislation of the last session, made a waste-
gate for our Treasury notes, by which we pre-
vented them from being funded in bonds; and I
will answer the question which the gentleman
from Massachusetts yesterday asked, which was,
why no more than $&>,000,000of these five-twenty
bonds had been sold within the last year? The
reason is that we authorized the Secretary to re-
ecivenoteson depositand hold them, paying inter-
est; the amount of which so received has already
risen to some $80,000,000. We also authorized
certificates of indebtedness, bearing interest, and
having but a year to run, which have become a
sort of currency, and have, therefore, to a certain
extent, taken away any inducement to invest in
the bonds of the Government. These measures,
together with the objectionable character of the
bonds, being payable at an indefinite time, suffi-
ciently answer, I think, the question of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Now, sir, do not let us, by our further legisla-
tion at this session, indulge ourselves in the-use-
less legislation of authorizing the issue of a large
amount of bonds as a permanent loan, and pro-
vide for eveiy other use of the notes we author-
ize than their absorption into these bonds, while
we profess to desire that use of them more than
any other.
[ Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HORTON. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Edwards,] as he has well said,is an amend-
ment to the substance of the bill, and is not merely
