454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
fro-ferma. He has made, however, one or two
mistakes in stating the operations of his amend-
ment, which I propose to correct." He mistakes
the amount of interest which this description of^
security pays. It is, at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, not more than six per
cent. He may have it at four per cent, or at five
per cent., as he pieases.
Mr. Chairman, from certain stand-points there
may be very strong objections to this section.
The representatives of savings banks and banks
of deposit might object to ir, because the policy
which is inaugurated by this section wiil draw
from those depositories the money that is there,
and give it to the Government at a moderate rate
of interest. And it will enable the small money
holders, the farmers and mechanics, who want
their money periodically and not all the time, to
lay it aside during those portions of the year when
they do not want it with the Government, where
it will make money, while at the same time they
aid the Government in its financial need. It is
emphatically, Mr. Chairman, a popular loan for
the benefit of the people and for the benefit of the
Government, ft ia peculiarly adapted to the pres-
ent crisis, when the people have a great war on
hand. It enables each man to contribute to the
wants of the Government at the same time that
he gains a little interest for himself. It is not for
the benefit of savings banks or banks of deposit,
but for the benefit of the Government, and for the
benefit of the great masses of the people in this
financial crisis and this pressing military emer-
gency. There can be no form of biii, sir, offered
more beneficial to the Government, and, at the
game time, more beneficial to the whole body of
the people, than this. I hope that the House will
not adopt the suggestion of the gentleman from
New Hampshire.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I propose,
in the ninth line,after the word "date," to insert
the words " in coin.'* When 1 was commenting
on this bill the other day, I assorted that these
bonds—both the twenty year bonds and the three
year bonds—were to be made payable in money
that was a legal tender, and made so by the Gov-
ernment. In short, that the interest was payable
in coin and the principal in legal tender. So I
read the bill. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Horton] denied that that was a fair construction
of the bill, He said that the committee never
thought that the bill so provided. We difieiod
about our recollection on that point. He denied
that that was a fair construction of the bill. He
states that the interest is to be made payable,
without stating what it i* made payable in. If it
be made payable in com, it is n;;ht that the peo-
ple should know it, for there will bo a great differ-
ence between taking a bond and leaving u doubt-
ful whether it is not payable in currency, and in
taking one that expressly provides that it is pay-
able in coin. Let the people know. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts (Mr. Hooper] denied
the statement of the gentleman from Ohio, very
promptly, that the interest should be payable m
coin. 1 want to have a vote on iliis bill, so that
gentlemen may know whether these bonds are io
be payable in coin or legal tender notes. If this
amendment be voted down, then the people will see
that they will be payable in whatever at the time
is lawful currency. If the House means that they
shall be made payable in com, let us aid the Gov-
ernment to sell these bonds by saying so in so
many words, and not leave it doubtful. I hold,
as it now stands, that it is payable m legal tend' r
currency. I want the people to know, when they
take these bonds, whether the interest on them is
to be payable in com or in cmruncy. It is for
that reason, and to do away with the ambiguous-
ness of the bill, as well us to settle the contro-
versy between the gentleman from Ohio and my-
self, that I have moved the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has a project of his own,
of course it would not be undesirable to him to
have this bill assume a shape that would not pass
this House. And there is no man more ingenious
in advising the committee and the House for his
own purposes than the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. The proposition in the second section here
is not for long bonds. It is merely for Treasury
notes issued for a very short period, the interest"
on which is to be payable in coin. We do not
think that the principal, at the end of three years,
should be payable in coin, and we have not so
said. I hope that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will not be adopted. If
£he country resumes specie payments at the end
of three years, of course these bonds will be paid
in coin.
Mr. HOOPER. Let me ask a question. If
the principal is payable in lawful currency, why
should not the interest be payable in lawful cur-
rency ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For a very ob-
vious reason. We desire to make it an object on
the part of the holders to sell them for bonds. It
is an object if they can get interest in coin to send
them to the Treasury to be funded in the long
twenty year bonds.
Mr. RIDDLE. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] what pos-
sible harm can arise from making these bonds
payable in coin? For as the principal wiil only
be payable at the option of the Government when
it is convenient for it to do so, it certainly will not
undertake to pay them until it can safely do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
On a division there were—ayes 20, noes 50.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVcrmont,demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper and
Riddli? were appointed.
The question was taken, and Mr. Stevens's
amendment was rejected, the tellers having re-
| ported—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS. As it is evident that these
bonds are to be paid in shmplasters, I withdraw
i my amendment.
Mi. HOOPER. I move to strike out the words
"in com" in refeience to interest, and to make it
payable in lawful money.
Mr Chairman, my object is merely to cull the
attention of the gentleman from Vermont to tin-
answer he made to my inquiry. He ®uys tf the
interest is payable in coin, it will be more induce-
ment to the holders to exchange the notes at the
Tieasury for long bonds, the interest and prin-
cipal of winch aie both to be paid in coin. By
the substitute which I have proposed, Treasury
notes like these are authorized to be issued, the
principal and mteiest of which are both to be pay-
aide in lawful money and not in com. It seems
to me the inducement is greater to exchange these
notes info long bonds on which only the interest
is payable in coin. Is not the gentleman from
Vermont mistaken in his views ? "Would it not be
more inducement for the exchange of these notes
into long bonds if the interest as well as the prin-
cipal is payable m lawful money?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The object of
this section, undoubtedly, is to create a kind of
indebtedness that will be held by the people. Un-
less there is sufficient inducement m the rate of
interest and the medium in w inch itjs paid to keep
these funds in the banks, or hoaixfed by private
individuals, they will not be so retained Jtis not
intended, as the gentleman from New Hampshire
seems to have thought, that these notes should
circulate at all. It is piovuled that they shall be
issued at a rate of interest not exceeding six per
cent. By making it payable in coin it is thought
ihat a Luge sum will be obtained. If the interest
is made payable in com, whenever these notes are
presented and funded, it will be an object for the
holder to obtain that com, and also to obtain a
secuutj? that will yield him a greaterinterest pay-
able in com.
Mr. IIOOPER. My object, which was to call
the attention of the committee to this matter, is
accomplished, and I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONlvLING. Before we pass
ro the consideiation of the next section, I move
to stake out the iast word for the purpose of mak-
ing a suggestion. I submit to the committee that
the amendment introduced between lines thirteen
and twenty-eight concludes with an objectionable
expression. These $400.000,000ofinterest-bear-
tng notes are to be conveitible into legal tender
notes. We have already issued §300,000,000 of le-
gal tender notes. Thi* bill proposes $300,000,000,
which makes $600,000,000 in all. Now, m the ,
first place, as a practical operation, there may be i
doubt whether this amendment effects the object j
in view, if it is. to give no power to issue legal j
tender notes anew, in the second place, as a mat- j
tor of construction, I submit there is room for i
this criticism: the Secretary of the Treasury is to I
furnish legal tender notes into which to exchange
these $400,000,000. Now, peihaps the Secretary
will have, and perhaps he will not have, the re-
quired amount of legal tender notes; and hence,
as a matter of construction, there may be an in-
ducement for, and is there not room to say that
this is an authorization of the issue of legal tend-
er notes? The Secretary is to produce them ac-
cording to the bill, and if we have not authorized
them already,and do notauthonze enough by sec-
tion three, how is he to get them? Therefore I
snbmitto thccoinmutee,andto thegentleman who
offered the-umendmcnt, that it the intention is that
the legal tender notes which are to be substituted
for the others are to be parcel of those already is-
sued, and authorized m this bill, and if the inten-
tion is not to give room for the argument that we
authorize more by implication, we outfit to say so.
I do not mean to say that such would be the true
const! uction. I only mean to say that the expres-
sion appears not very complete.
Mr. SPAULDING. I have no objection to the
suggested amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move, then,
to add to the amendment proposed by my col-
league from the Etie district, the words <kau-
thouzed by the thud section of this bill, or here-
tofore authorized."
Mr. EDWARDS. I oppose the amendment
merely for the puipose ofniakinga single sugges-
tion. We now authorize the issue of ^400,000,000
of demand notes. Suppose they are already is-
sued, will there be ever at any time in the posses-
sion of the Secretary of the Treasury legal tender
notes enough to exchange them for; or will there
be likely to be any considerable amount at any
one time in the Treasury? Although, then, I
agree with the gentleman fiom New Yoik that it
would luudly be proper thus indirectly to author-
ize the issue of an additional number of legal tend-
er notes to meet the requirements of the country,
still it seems to me the requirement is nugatory
unless the Secietary is to have the means of ex-
changing these $400,000,000, or such portion as
will be likely to be presented at any one time.
That may be a vety laige proportion, though I
was at a loss at, first to know what inducement
theie could be to exchange these notes for legal
tender notes, nor has such inducement yet oc-
curred to my mind. But I suppose the commit-
tee considered that there would be an inducement
to exchange them, and exchange them largely;
and it seems to me the bill does not provide the
Secretary with the means of exchanging these
notes, and therefore does not provide the means
of carrying out this provision in relation to this
issue of $400,000,000 of notes.
Mr. RO.SCOE CONKLING. I will modify my
amendment. As it stands now, if Congress shall
heredftei authonze the issue of legal tender notes,
this section will not open to leceive them. There-
fore 1 will substitute for my amendment these
words:
Hut nothing in this section <bni! he construed to authorize
any additional ia-ue ol' JegaJ tender note-*.
Mr. HOOPER. I would suggest to my friend
from New York whether lie is not. tying up the
hands of the Secretary entirely? I think gentle-
men are getting around upon my substitute. In
that substitute I made provision for this very
thing.
Mi'. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not deny
that my fuend \s substitute is excellent; but I sub-
mit to him that he cannot make it a criticism of
this amendment. He seems to think the words-
apply to the whole bill, whereas the words of re-
striction are confined to the third section alone,
and that section is not designed by the Ways and
Means to authorize legal tender notes. Being thus
confined, the words meet the view of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third section was then read, as follows:
See. 3. Ami he it further evaded, That the Secietary of
the Tiea-any he, anil lie i* liercbv. juirhorizcd, if required
l>v the o.\.i£"neies of the public service, fur the pa\ment
of the Army and Navy and other cieduois of the Govern-
ment, to is&ue on the credit of the United States* the fiim
of .$300,000,000 of United States note1-, in sueli foim as he
may deem expedient, not hfarmj? interest, pn\ able to bearer
on demand, and of &uch denominations., nor less than one
dollar, as lie may prescribe, which notes so i>sued hlinll be
lawful money ami a legal tendei in payment of all debts,
public and puvate, within the United States, except for
duties on lmpom and mteiest on the public debt. And any
holder of said United States notes, or ol United States notes
