m
1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
heretofore issued, depositing any sum not less than fifty
dollars, or some multiple of fifty dollars, with thcTreasuier
of the. United State*, or either of the Assistant Treasuieis
or designated depositaries, shall receive in exchange there-
for duplicate certificates of deposit, one of which'may be
transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount of the six
percent, bonds of the United States coupon or regi>tered,
as may be desired by said holder, and which are authorized
tobd issued under this act; and any of the said notes, when
returned to the Treasury, may be reissued from time to
time, as the exigencies of the "public service may require.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the third
section by striking out the words on demand,"
in the eighth line, so as to make the section con-
form precisely to the former law authorizing the
issue of legal tender notes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend further by
striking out all between the words "and any
holder" and the words " issued under this net,"
inclusive. The committee will perceive that this
amendment takes out of the bill the convertible
clause in reference to the twenty year bonds, so
that the Secretary of the Treasury will have the
selection of the time and occasion for the disposal
of the twenty year bonds, provided for in this act,
according to his judgment, and according to the
circumstances of the market. It also takes away
fropm the holder of legal tender notes, or United
States notes, as they are now called, the option of
converting them into registered or coupon bonds
at his pleasure. It retains the option, so to speak,
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury as
to when he shall sell the bonds. A preceding sec-
tion of this bill allows him to sell them upon snch
terms as he deems for !he public interest. That
provision and this enable him to go into the
market at his own time and occasion, and enable
him to manage the selling of the public securities
of the United States in the same manner that a
judicious business man would attend to his own
affairs. The law of February and the law of July
gave the option to the holder of those legal tender
notes of funding them whenever he pleased, and
that option took away from the Secretary of the
Treasury, practically, the power of disposing of
them according to his view of the public interest.
This gives to the Secretary of the Treasury that
option which, underthe two other acts, was placed
in the hands of the holder of the legal tender cur-
rency.
Tne Committee of Ways and Means, whose
views I represent now, have come to the conclu-
sion that that discretion should be lodged in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury; and they
came to the conclusion further, that it is almost
indispensable to the public interest that he should
have that discretion; and the fact that he has been
heretofore unable to dispose of a large amount of
the bonds of the United States—the long running
bonds—has been because he has not had, in lus
estimation, this discretionary power. And in con-
nection with this point, I ask the attention of the
committee for one moment to some remarks I
made the other day, which have been suggested
to me by a friend, as bearing in them a mistake,
the tendency of which was to present the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in a wrong position. It may
be recollected by the committee tiiat my colleague
from Ohio [Mr. GrrtLEv] load n portion of the
act of July, 1863, which, according to his reading
of it, gave this discretion to the -Secictary of the
Treasury. I understand that, on the reading of the
whole act, the Secretary of the Treasmy thinks
he has not the power which my colleague fioni
Ohio thought he had. I did not intend to express j
the other day anything, pro or con , m relation to
that matter.
But 1 wish to call the attention of the committee
to another rcmaik of mine which a friend of mine
has suggested was unjust to the Secretary of the
Treasury. In reference to thediscretion which I re-
fused in my argument to give to the Secretary of the
Treasury, i said thnt we could judge the future by
the past, and that the Secretin y of the Treasury
could have sold last summer a large amount of
bonds, but did notdo it. My statement was true
at the time I got my information, but wo, were at
that moment passing through the House the bill of
July which the Secretary thought ought to have
given him ihatdtscretion which we propose togive
him now, but which the House at that time did not
grant. My information was that that discretion
was in his power; my colleague thought it was; the
Secretary thought it was not, and I myself think,
upon reading the whole bill, that a good lawyer
like the Secretary would decide as he did.
The discretion in the sale of bonds is necessary
so that the capitalists may make a profit that \^p
induce them to purchase in large quantities and
resell in smaller quantities.
I simply desired to place myselfright and do no
injustice to any one; and now I hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire simply to
ask question of my colleague for information.
I oppose his amendment formally for the purpose
of now making that inquiry. If I understand the
effect of this amendment, it will be to take from
this issue of the legal tender notes their convert-
ibility into bonds bearing interest payable in gold.
There will, therefore, if I understand his amend-
ment, be two classcs of legal tender notes, those
that we have heretofore issued, which are convert-
ible into bonds, the interest payable in gold, and
those that are not; and both are alike made legal
tender in the paymentof debts. Will we not then
have what we ought to avoid—two classes of legal
tender notes of different values, on account of this
feature, that one is convertible and the other is
not, but both made by law alike receivable in pay-
ment of private as well as public debts?
Mr. HORTON. May I be allowed to answer
the question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. HORTON. The United States notes which
are to bp issued under this section are receivable
for bonds. They are worth as much for conver-
sion into bonds as those that were issued under
the two former acts. The only operation of this
section is to take out of the hands of the holders
of the legal tender notes the option of conveit-
ibility, but we provide for receivabdity into the j
same description of bonds: and 1 will venture to
say that the Secretary of the Treasury will take
all the bonds under the three issues in exchange
for five-twenties precisely as they ale now le-
ceived under the laws of February and July, J
186:2. There is practically, then, no difference m j
the value of this currency. It simply leaves the I
option in the hands of the Secretary of thcTreas- j
ury, instead of the holders of the currency, and at I
the same time it places the holders of this cur- j
rcncy on the same level as the holders of the former j
currency. {
Mr. STEVENS. The former laws authorized !
the holders of legal tender notes to compel the \
Government to ^ive them Government bonds at |j
par foi legal tender notes. This section proposes ;j
to take away that compulsion on the, part of the j|
Government, and the Government may say to the ji
holder, " you must give me £,105 in legal tender Ij
notes for bonds bearing six per cent, interest." jj
Now, whether the one class will be as valuable to j
the holder <is the oilier, I leave the House to say. j
Mi. HORTCfN. I answer the gentleman from ;
Pennsylvania, that under this bill the Secretary j
of the Treasury may deny the holders an oppor- \
tunity of converting the legal tender notes into
bonds, and he may demand just what he can sell
the bonds for in the market. I will be perfectly
candid about this matter. The holder cannot
compel the Government to convert them, as un- ;!,
derthc former law,but he can pay th^m for their i|
fair value at any price that the bonds sell for, bo it |j
below par or above pai; and he has a chance of j!
making agood bargain.
[Hero the hammer fell.] }■
The amendment was agreed to. |1
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out, in the
fifth line, the words "$300,000,000,and insert
" any pait of the amount authouzed by this act
in." I offer Uiat amendment pro forma, merely _
to call the attention of the committee to one point h
which seems to me very essential. We have just
authorized $400,000,000 of Treasury notes to be ji
issued, which are convertible into legal tender
notes. We also propose to pay the soldiers and j'
to pay the public, eieditors in legal tender notes; j"
and I ask the gentlemen of the committee whelh-
er they have made sufficient provision of legal
tender notes m tins form. Suppose the holders of ; I
the $400,000,000 of Treasury notes wish to ex- j:
change them, the Secretary of the Treasury has !}
not the power to issue so many legal tender notes,
and yet we say he shall do it. I want to call the
attention of the committee to it in order to see if !j
there is not an inconsistency m this provision. In ]|
the original bill prepared at the Treasury Depart- li
ment, and sent to the Committee of Ways acd
Means, the provision was made precisely arl-pro-
pose by this amendment. ~
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr, Chairman,
there is no necessity for the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. There is no ques-
tion but what there will be sufficient power on the
part of the Secretary of the Treasury to redeem
all that may be presented. The $300,000,000
which we have authorized, with,the amount that
will be returned in the payment of duties, will give
the Secretary of theTreasury sufficientto redeem
all that shall be presented. And then I leave it to
the candor of the gentleman from Boston to say if
he does not suppose that if the Secretary has the
power to issue three or four hundred millions of
interest-bearing notes, a very largeamountof them
will be retained in the banks and in the safes of
capitalists ? I have no question of it myself; and
if the fact shall turn out to be otherwise, then, of
course, the Secretary of theTreasury will not issue
a greater amount than he can redeem, for it is spe-
cially provided in this bill that there shall not be
more than $>900,000,000 issued in all the forms of
Treasury notes, interest-bearing notes, and bonds.
Mr. HOOPER. I will answer the question put
to mo by the gentleman from Vermont, by re-
minding him ofthe old story of the Frenchman*
who, when he asked for his money and it was of-
fered to him, said,41 Oh, if you can pay it I do
not want it." I say that if the money is asked
for, the Secretary should be able to pay'it, and
we have made no provision here that will enable
him to pay it if it shall be asked for. I have a
fear that it will disci edit the Treasury notes, from
the fact that the public will know that it is not in
the power of the Secretary to comply with the
obligations of the law.
I offered the amendment merely for the purpose
of calling the attention of-the committee to this
point, and I now withdraw it.
Mr. WATTS. 1 move to amend the third sec-
tion by striking out, in the twelfth line, the words,
" except tor duties on imports and interest on pub-
lic debt."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to strike
out the woul " three," in the third line, and insert
" two," so as to make the amount ^200,000,000,
for the purpose of asking a question of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I have understood
this morning that the sum of §100,000,000, author-
ized by the joint resolution of the other day, is
to be deducted from this §300,000,000. Perhaps
the phraseology of the resolution is such that it
is already deducted by authority of law. Is that
the case ?
Mr. HORTON. It is understood that that is the
effect of the phraseology of thejoint resolution, and
if you reduce this amount to $900,000,000, then
only $100,000,000 can be issued under this bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKHNG. If that is the
case, I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
whole of the third section. If 1 understand the po-
sition of the Secretary of the Treasury and of the
President of the United States, it is their opinion
that the public interest does not require a further
issue of legal tender notes. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report to Congress, made
not more than five weeks ago, says that if the con-
dition of public affairs should not greatly change,
he shall deem it inexpedient to issue any more of
these notes, unless, indeed, the passage of his
bank bill shall retire from circulation the bank
notes, and produce a vacuum which may be filled
by the issue of $,30,000,000 of Treasury notes
during the next yeat—that is, the year immedi-
ately to come—and $50,000,000 during the next
succeeding year. I quot« his language:
u The Secretary lias a heady expressed the opinion, with
great deference to the supeuor wisdom of Congress, that it
wul be uiiwhR, unless conditions greatly change, to author-
ise the i-,&uu of'IVai-uiy notes beyond the limit now fixed
by law."
And on the next page he says:
Without anv i^up of United Stafts notes beyond the
amount now authorized, it seems ceitain that loans for the
whole amount inquired for the current year can be readily
obtained ;u fair rate*.."
And the President of the United States—if in-
deed the message which he sent here the other day
means anything in particular—holds the opinion
that such an issue would be detrimental.to the
public interest. JNrow, these officers areintrusted,
