HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Con-guess, 3r> Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1SG3.
New Series No. 88.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to any
further amendment.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that I may move that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done while
this order is being carried out. The provisions
have been stated on which separate votes are to
be taken, and then the vote is to be taken on the
substitute without further amendment or debate.
Mr. PIKE. Inaccoidance with the agreement,
I move to strike out <{ one" and insert " two;'5 j
so that it will read:
On ready-math1 clothing or articles of dress for men's, .
women's, or children's wear, not including hats, cap*, or j
bonnets, two per cent, ad valorem. ■ j
Mr. HARRISON demanded the yeasand nays. I
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messts. Ashley, Babbitt, linker, Baxter, Bea-
mnn. Binsham, Ja^ob B Blah, Samuel S. Blair, William
G. Brown", Calvert, Campbell, Cliambetlaui, Clements, Col-
lax, Fiederick A. Conklin?, Roscoe Conkling, Ciavens,
Cnttenden, Cutler, Davi«, Delaplaiue, D.veu, Dunn,
Thomas A. D. Fes^enden, Flanders, Frank, Giangei, Hale,
Hardinjr, Harrison, Hickman, Ilorton. Ilutclnns, Julian,
Killmger, Law, Mclndoo, McICnight, MePhei-on. Mallorv,
Mitehcil, Mooihead, Justin S. Morrill, Olin, Patton, Tim
othy G. Phelps, Pike, Pot lei, Sheffield. Shell abater, Sloan,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Yerree, Walker, Wall, Washburne,
Wheelei, Whaley, Albeit S. White, Wilson, and Woieea-
tei —C5.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldtich, William Allen, William J. Al-
len. Allev, Aneona, Bailv, Buldlc, Blake, Bufhnton, Casey,
Cobb, Corning, Cox, Duuiap, Eliot, Franchot, Goodwin,
Gudei, Gin ley. Ilaight, Hooper, Ivelley, Francu- W. Kel-
logg, William ICeilogg, Lansing, La/eai, Leary, May, Men-
kes, Moiri*, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton,
Pei ty, Pomoiov, Alexander H. Uieo, Riddle, Robinson, Ed-
waul H. Rollins, Sanrent. Sedmviek, Segar, Shank?, Shot-
man, Shiel, Simth. John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Fiauci< Thomas, Tiaiu, Vallandigham, \ an
Wjek, Vooi bees, Wad-wmth, Waid Webster. Clnlton A.
Wlnte, Wieklilli', Windom, Wood, Woodiuff, Wright, and
Yeaman—G8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was iejected; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on tbe amendments to the bill (H. It No.
708) making approbations ior the naval service for the
year ending 30ih June, 1«64, having met,after lull and ft ee
confeienee have agieed io recommend, and do recommend,
to then lcspcetive Ikm-e^ as follows :
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the ,
eighth, eleventh, tointeenth. and sixteenth amendments or \
the Senate, and agree to the ^amc. j
That the Senate leceile fiom thou seventh amendment. ;
That the Ilou^e recede from their di^agierment to the I
fifth amendment of the Senate,and agree to the s-amc with ;
an amendment, as.follows: _ ;
Strike out all aftci the woid " same,'1 in the thud line of i
said Senate amendment, and insert the iollowmg: a pub- 1
hshed for at least thuty days m two daily newi-paper^ of J
general circulation published in each of the cities ol Wash- j
ington, New York, Boston,and Philadelphia, pnot to such \
contract being made " j
That the Ilou«o iccerte from then* dteacroement to the
sixth amendmentof the Senate,and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows?: alter the woid kk tor," m the
thuteenth line of said Senate amendment, insoit u the es-
tablishment by puteha? c or lure of two."
That the llou-.o recede from their disagreement to the
Senate"* tenth amendment, and agiee to the same.
That the House jucede horn their disagreement to the
Semte'fr twelfth amendment and arrrec to the same, with
the following amendment: at the end of line twenty-four,
alter the wold ''doilais.'Mnseit '£fot building floating dty-
doeic at navy-yard. New Yoik. §750,000: Prowled, That
if after examination and suivey the Secietaiy of tbe Navy
shall deemitexpedienl."
J. W. GRIMES,
DANIEL CLARK.
GARRETT DAVIS,
JHanagen> on the part of the Senate.
TfJADDEUS STEVENS,
C. B. SEDGWICK.
Managers on the part of the IJou^e.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous question
upon agreeing to the report of the committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and of the House, I
desire to inquire what disposition is made by the
committee in reference to the Naval School.
Mr. STEVENS. We agreed to the Senate48
amendment, striking out that provision, the Sen-
ate having sent us a bill providing for that for all
time to come. We thought we had better take
that.
The previous Question was seconded, and the
main uuestion ordered, to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the report was Agreed to; and also move
to* lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forkey,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (H. R. No. Ill) for the re-
lief of O. B. and Oliver S. Latham, with amend-
ments; in which the concurrence ot the House
was requested.
The message also informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill and joint resolution of
;that body, of the following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested; namely:
An act (No. 574) supplementary to an act enti-
tled '"An act for the relief of persons for damages
sustained by reason of depredations and injuries
by certain bands of Sioux Indians," appioved
February ]6, 1863; and
A joint resolution (No. 132) to enable the Secre-
tary'of the Tioasury to obtain the title to certain
property in the city of Denver, Colorado Terri-
tory, for the purposes of the branch mint located
in said place.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
stiikmg out the. fourth section of the bill.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlntl he it further enacted, That all contracts for
the purchase or sale ot gold or silver com of the United
State®, or bullion, and .ill connects for the loan of money
or euriencv upon the collnteial security ol «aid coin loi the
repayment of any such loan, shall bem writing oi printed,
signed by the parties or then agonu or attorneys; and it
said contract is to be pertbimed wuhm tluee davs Irom the
date thereof, said contract shall beai one or mote adhesive
stamps, as provided in the act to which this i-, an amend-
ment, equal in amount to one loin thof one pet rent, of the
amount ot the contract, which amount shall be e-tnnated
by tne lawful euireney of the United otates; audit said
contract is not to be pei tormed within thu-c days, oi shall
not he petioimed within three daj then paid contract shall
beat .said stamp ot stamp- to an amount equal to one per
cent, thereof: Pi ovided. however, That nothing herein con-
tained shall apply to any transaction by oi with the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I demand the yeas
and nays upon striking out; and upon that I de-
imuid tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. P. A. Conklisc
and Mr. Shanks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were oidered, one fifth
of the members present voting hi favor thereof.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 01, nays 67; as iollows:
YE vii—Mc.-srs William Allen, William J. Allen. Alley,
Aneona, Baker. Diddle, William G Uniwn, Bufflnton,
Cliambulaui.l'laik, Cobb, Frederick A. CiMiklniir, Ro,coe
C.mklina.Coriiin<!, Ox, Ciaveii-, Crittenden, Dulapl.niie,
Dtven, Llunlap. 1'iank, Gridei, Tlorton. Knapp, Lazcar,
M.iIlor\,M.n-l6ti.May, Menzii'sju-tm i*. Moil ill, Morris,
Noble, Noiton, Nu:;en, l'eiulleton, I'eriv, I'uitei, Alex,ill-
del II. Uice, John Il.lliee, Kobinson, Jame^ £• I>ollin>,
Sheffield, riiiellabaiser, Smith, >|Mukiimr, WiUmm G
Steele Steven*, Stilus, Stialton, Benjamin i. I liomas,
Vallan'iiigiiam, Van Horn. Voorhees, Wall, Welter, VVba-
> ... '   _\, YVliite, Wieklule, Y\ood, Woodruff, U or-
Alihiel). Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily,
?amuei ri. Bl.ui
ley, Chilton
center, «iiid Yeamai
N \Yrf-—Me.ssn
Baxter, Beamau. ItinghniiK Jacob B. Blair, Samuelrt. Bl.in,
Blake, Caiveit, Campbell. Collav, Davis, Dunn, Eliot,
Stimiel C Fefe^eiiflcn. Thomas A. D. te^senden, Fi^-lui,
Flanders Franchur, G.'anger. flaighr. Hale, Ilatu-oii, Jhck-
man. Hooper, llutehin-, Julian, ivellev, U illiam U,°r= 
Killineer, Lai.sin", Leaij, Loomx, Mefndoe MeKill„nt,
UlcPh'erson. Mitchell, Moorliead, Nivo", Olui. latum,
Timothy G. I'lielps, t'ike, Poliieiov, Ldwaid U. lto.lms,
Saigent, Segar, Shanks. ^Herman, Sloan I- lancia I |o, ,
TrotvbridgeT Van Wyck, Venue, Wailsworth, Walker,
Wallace, Washbume, Wheeler, Albert S, White, Wilson,
Wntdom, and Wright—67.
So the House refused to strike out the section.
The next question was upon striking out sec-
tion five, as follows:
Sec . 5. And be itfurther enacted, That all contracts, loans,
or sales ot bullion or gold and silver coin of the United
States not made accoidanco with this act, shall be wholly
and absolutely void; and in addition to the penalties pro-
vided m the act to which this is an amendment, any party
to said contract may, at any time within one year fiom the
date of the conitaet, bring suit before any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction to recover back, for his own use and ben-
efit, the money paid ou any contract not made in accord-
ance with this act.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Upon that amend-
ment I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGr. I call for tellerd
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers
upon the question of striking out.
Telleis were ordered; and Mr. Loomis and Mr.
P. A. Conkling were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 22, noes G3; no quorum voting.
Mr. P. A.~CONKLlNG. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeasand nays have been
refused.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question lecurring on the demand for the
yeasand nays, the question was put,and the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—-Me^rs. William Allen. William J. Allen, An-
con.i. Baker, liiddle, Cobb, Ficderi'ek A. Conklmg, Roscoe
Conkhnjr. Oo\, Cravens, Crittenden, Delapiaine, Diven,
Dunlap.^nnahsh, Fouke, Frank, Gridcr, Hall, Knapp,La-
zeat, Melmloe, Molloiy, Marion, May,Meniies, Morris,
Noble, Notion, I'cndk'toii, Peiry, Pomeroy, Porter, Shiel,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles.
Benjamin F Thomas, Vallandtsiham, Walker, Whaley,
Wu-kliffe, Wood, Woodruff, Wright, and Yenman—48.
NAYS—Mes.sr*. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold,Ashley, Babbitt,
Bailv, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buflhiton, Calvert, Chamberlain, ClarK, Clements, Colfax,
Coming. Cutler, Davis, Dunn, Kliot, Ely, Samuel C. Fes-
sendenr'i'homas A. D. Fesscnden, Franehot, Goodwin,
Gianger, Gutley, Jlalin, Uaight, Hale, Ilanibon, Hooper,
Iionou, liutchuifc, Kellcy, William Kellogg, Kilhngcr,
Lnnmic, McKniarht, McPherson, Ma.vnaul, Mitchell.Moor-
head. An-on P."Morrill, Olin, Patton, Timofhv G. Phelps,
Pike, John II. Rice, Riddle, Sargent, Se<?ar, Shanks, Shef-
fuld, Shellabaiger, Sherman, Sloan, Train, Trowbridge,
Van Wyck, Vei'ree, Wall, Wallace, Washburne, Wheeler,
Alberts. White, Wilson, and Worees,ter—70.
So the section was not stricken out.
The next question was upon the amendment
to strike out u $4,000," and insert in lieu thereof.
41 $3,000," in the clause in section twenty, " and
the salary of no assessor shall exceed the sum of
$4,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope,by unan-
imous consent, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] will be allowed to .modify his
amendment by substituting " $2,500"in the place
of "$3,000."
No objection bein°; made, the amendment was
modified accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The question next recurred upon agreeing to
section tiiii ty-seven, as follows:
Sec. 37. Jind be it fmthcr enacted, That all taxes levied
in iheTeiiitone^ot the United States, exepptthe stamp tax,
under and by virtue of an act entitled l< An act to provide
internal revenue to suppoit the Government and pay the in-
terest on the public debt,1' approved Julj 1, 1662. be, and
the same are hereby, itrpealed . Provided, That the taxes al-
ready a-se?<?ed ou persons and pioperty in said Teiritorics
he collected the same as though tin* amendment had not
been adopted ; and the offices severally of jv^e^or arid col-
lector and a^-istant a-se^or and deputy collector in the
Territories thai! be abolished after the collection of tbe
present tax.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
88
