1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL REFORM BILL.
Mr. COLFAX, from the committee of confer-
ence upon the bill to amend the laws relating to
the Post Office Department, submitted the follow-
ing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Mouses on the amendments to the foitt (S. No. 492)
to amend tho laws i elating to the Post Office Department,
bavins met, after full and" fice eonfeienee have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fif-
teenth, sixteenth, twenty-first, twenty-second, tvventy-
fouith.twenty-filth, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty-
eishUi, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth amendments of the
IloifC, and agree to the same.
That the Ilonse recede from then seventeenth, eighteenth,
nineteenth, and twentieth amendments, and also from their
amendments nuinbeied from thirt)-one to forty-throe.
That the Senate recede fiom their disagreement to the
twenty-third amendment of the llouse, and agree to the
same, with the following amendment: on page 29, line
twenty-one, strike out the woid "and" and insert" which."
Mr. COLFAX. If the House desires it, I will
explain the points of difference between the two
Houses, and how they have been settled. [Cries
of" Oh no!"] Very well, I ask for the question.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARGES AGAINST HON. .TAMES M. ASHLEY.
Mr. RLAKE. I rise to a privileged question.
The special committee appointed to investigate
the charges against Ron. James M. Ashley, have
unanimously instructed me to make a report. I
move that it be laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules he sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of goins: on with the civil appro-
priation bill, on which all debate has been closed.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in
the chrur,) and resumed lho consideration of bill
of the House No. 732, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 38G4.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by para-
graphs for amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to strike out the
clause, " for repairing the stone wall of Tiber
creek,in the botanic Garden, §1,500,"and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the following:
Far removing back the house, paving the footpath on Fit it
met between the Capitol grounds and tho Botanic Gar-
den. and making a pavement on Third stieet, on the side
of that gaiden, $1,:200.
That amendment reduces the amount, and ap-
propriates? it to a very necessary improvement.
The amendment whs agreed to.
j\fr. RICE, ofMassachuset ts« I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to go back to page 4,
and to offer the following amendment, to comcm
after line seventy:
Put extension of th j sea •wall for the protection of Great
Brewster Island, Boston haiboi, ^50,000.
Mr, BAKER. I object to going back.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend the billon
pas>s 9, by striking: out from line one hundred and
ninety-one to line one hundred and ninety-eight,
under the head of " Botanic Garden," which is
as follows:
FV gtading, (haining, procuring manure,tools, fuel, and
repairs, purchasing trees and shrubs under the direction of
the Library Committee of Congress, $3,300.
For pay of hortieultuust and assistants in the Botanic
Gaiden and green-houses, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress, $5,121 50.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For grading, draining, procuring manure, tools, fuel, and
repairs, purchasing tiees and shrubs, and for pay of horti-
culturist and assistants in the Botanic Garden and green-
houses, to lie expended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, $0,000. And it is hereby made the
duty of the Commissioner of Agriculture to have prepaied
a general plan foi the improvement of all the public giounds
in the city of Washington, which plan shall be submitted
to Congress at its next session.
I would like to say a few words in behalf of
this amendment.
Mr. McPHERSON. I make the point of or-
der that that amendment contains independent
legislation, and is not in order upon an appropri-
ation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CALVERT. I modify my amendment so
as to read:
For gradimr, ihaining, procuring manure, tool*, fuel, and
repair*, puiehnsing trees and shrubs, and for pay of horti-
culturist and assistants in the Botanic Garden and gieen-
houses, $6,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that as the law now stands this money is to be
expended under the general supervision of the
Library Committee of Congress, and the amend-
ment pioposes to change that law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this House
must be aware that there is an immense appro-
priation made annually for the improvement of
the public grounds in Washington, and 1 ask any
gentleman to show me what improvements have
been made for that enormous expenditure. If you
go out of the western door of this Capitol and
walk down to the bottom of the steps, you will
find that there has been a considerable sprinkling
of manure over these grounds, but among that
manure there are a great number of stones, some
of them almost as large as my head, and others
as large as my fist, and it will take nearly as much
labor to remove the stones from the grass as it
did to put the manure there. There have been
immense expenditures made here for manure.
Everybody who is at all conversant with such
matters about Washington knows that the Gov-
ernment has an unlimited amount of manure here
now at its disposal, and it is given to anybody
who chooses to take it away. I understand that
a great part, if not the whole, of the appropriation
for one year was expended m procuring a toler-
able dinner.
I want gentlemen to understand that this is a mat-
ter of economy that I propose here. The amend-
ment proposes to reduce the appropriation, and if
gentlemen will only waive their points of order and
agree to put the whole of the public grounds of this
city under one man instead of having three differ-
ent officers at the head of them, we can by the ex-
penditure of half theamountof money have these
grounds ten times as much improved as they now
are. There has been an annual expenditure of
$8,01)0 on this little IJotanic Garden down here,and
an expenditure of God knows how much for the
next little garden below that, and then there is
another expenditure for the experimental garden.
I do hope and trustthat this House, which some-
times makes professions of economy, will make
this economical arrangement and stop these out-
rageous expenditures of money.
Gentlemen say that my amendment, as first of-
fered, would change the law in taking the control
of this matter out of the hands of the Committee
on the Library of this House. What has the Li-
brary Committee to do with the improvement of
the public grounds in this city? If you insistupon
giving it to a committee of this House, give it to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The Library Committee is of all others the most
inappropriate, as it seems to me. Why should
that committee have itJ Will the gentleman give
me any reason why the Library Committee should
have it, or what it knows about it more than any
other committee? I propose to place it under the
Agricultural Department. I suppose that De- |
partment ought to know something about the im- j
provement of these public grounds. j
[Here the hammer fell.] !
Mr. McPHERSON. In reference to the point
made by the gentleman from Maryland, it is mere-
ly a repetition, as we all recollect, of his effortlast
session on the same subject. The superintendence
of the Botanic Garden has been for years with the
Library Committee of Congress. The proposition
is to substitute the Commissioner of Agriculture.
I suppose that the Library Committee care little
personally about this. Since the establishment
of this garden it has been under their care, and
I believe their guardianship has been as faithful,
minute, and economical as any other branch of
the public service. I do not see the necessity for
making any change and putting it under this Agri-
cultural Department, i have not a word to say
against the head of that Department. lie is a per-
sonal friend and acquaintance of mine, and a citi-
zen of my own State. I have never understood
from him that he desired this superintendence.
He never communicated to me that he had any
such desire. I do not see that any motive of pub-
lic interest requires this change.
The first paragraph appropriates §3,300. The
gentleman from Maryland intimates that a large
part of this amount is to be expended in the pur-
chase of manure. Now, in the schedule which I
hold in my hand there is but $100 provided for
that purpose. There is to be $1,000 expended for
grading. It is well known that the location of
this garden was originally a marsh. Eighteen
thousand square yards of soil and gravel have been
placed on these eleven acres for the purpose of
putting it in a suitable condition. It was neces-
sary that there should be a large expenditure on
account of the locality. I put it to the gentleman
from Maryland that the pay of the horticulturist
and assistant is not at all high.
Mr. CALVERT. Very high, sir.
Mr. McPHERSON. The horticulturist must
be, and he is, a very accomplished man in his line.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last line. 1 do it simply
to say that I can see no reason for changing the
established custom in this matter. I do notknow
why this amendment should be proposed. Cer-
tainly the effect of it is a direct reproach on the
Library Committee. I do notknow whetherthey
have been guilty of malfeasance; but I venture to
say that anybody who is acquainted with Mr.
Smith will say that he is equal to any man that
can be found for the place in skill, politeness, and
urbanity. I move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union gener-
ally, and especially a bill (H. R. No. 732) mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1864,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS, I move that all debate on the
pending clause close in one minute after its) con-
sideration shall have been resumed in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and tho
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burns in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 739, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Calvert's amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania what is the salary of
this horticulturist?
Mr. McPHERSON. A thousand dollars.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BENNET. 2 move to amend by inserting
after line two hundred and forty-five, as follows:
For salaries and commissions of register and receiver for
the Tei i itory of Nevada tor the fiscal years ending 30th June,
id63, and 30th June, 1864, $2,500.
