1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'iir
ation, his act was denounced in severe terms as
unauthorized and obtrusive. Sir, I have no time
within five minutes to elaborate the history of this
subject.
In my judgment,this message is entirely without
authonty on the part of the President*, an act of
interference with the duties of this House; a breach
of its privileges; and a violation of all the rules
which govern the official intercourse of the Pres-
ident with this House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. My point is that what the gentle-
man is saying is entirely irrelevant to the amend-
ment pending to this bill. That amendment has
nothing to do with what has been the action of
the President, or what may be his designs, or what
may be his policy. I insist that the gentleman is
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of 01 dei.
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, sir, I give notice
that every oilier gentleman must confine himself
strictly to the point under consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will suggest that the Pres-
ident, in the message to which the gentleman from
Ohio calls our attention, I suppose followed the
policy of Polk, when he signed the Oregon bill, in
1848.
Mr. PENDLETON. I call the gentleman to
order. He is out of older in the line of remark
he is piusuing, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will confine himself strictly to the discus-
sion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, to tiie first line of the third section.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will proceed in order. Following the line
of argument of the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, 1 will say 
Mr. PENDLETON. I insist upon my ques-
tion of order. My line uf remai k to which the gen-
tleman refers ha.-s been decided to be out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order. The gentleman from Tennessee
is not in order.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Horton's amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNA RD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by stiilung out
the word " not."
T was about to say that the scheme of finance
which has been proposed to the country, and which
has been adopted m part, is not entirely new in
these times or original on our part. It had its
origin as far back as the last war in which we
were engaged with Great Britain, in 1812, and is
to be found in a scheme which is left on record
by Mr, Jelleu*on. I will ask that thai scheme,
so far as to disclose its nature, be read from the
volume which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. My point of order is thfl what is
out of order with one gentleman is out of order
with another. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I have
troubled this committee on this subject very little.
I call the menials of the House to witness that
1 have consumed no time at all in the discussion
of this bill. This is the first time I have risen.
If I had taken up as much time as some gentle-
men I have in my eye, they might, p . rhaps, with
some propriety, raise captious objections and friv-
olous points of order. I atn discussing the propo-
sition which waspresented by the gentleman from
Ohio, upon the general scheme of finance that is
now before the country—the issue of Treasury '
notes as a legal tender, to be used as an ordinary
circulating medium in place of that now in exist-
ence. If I am not m oider in referring to the au-
thority on wluch I base my remarks, I desire that
it shall be understood. I ask for what I nm say-
ing, in good faith, the candid and respectful con-
sultation of the House. I trifle with nobody and
I do not wish to be trifled with. If the Chair de-
cides, upon a fair consideration of the question,
that I am out of order, 1 will submit.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair dj,d notdecide
that the gentleman was out of order in what he
proposed to read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I then ask the Clerk to read
what 1 have indicated from Jefferson's Works,
volume 6, page 139.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A nanon, therefore. making its purchases and payment?
with oills liited lor circulation,"thrusts an equal sum'of com
out of (mentation. Tina is equivalent to borrowing that
sum, and yet the vendor lecervui?payment in a medium as
effectual as coin for in-* purchases or payment?, has no claim
to interest. And so the Aiauon may continue to issue its
bill.-. sis! tar si* its wants iequne,and the limits of the eiieu-
iiuiOR will admit. Tho^e limits aie understood to extend
with us at present to $200,000,000, aereater sum than would
be necessary fot any war. l>ut this, the only resource which
the Government could command with ceitainty, the State?
have unfoituuately tooled away, nay, corruptly alienated
to swindlers and shaver?, undo the cover of private banks.
Say, too, as an additional evil, that the disposal iunds ot in-
dividuals to tins gieat amount have thus been wrthdiawn
tioin unpiovemeut and useful enterprise, and employed in
tin; useless, u.-uuou.s; and demoralising piactices of bank
diroctm-and thou accomplices. In the war of I'iof), our
State availed itself of this fund by issuing a paper money,
bottomed on a specific ta\ fonts redemption, ami, to insure
cicdxt, hi arinq an interest of five pet cent. Within a
very short time, not a lull ot' tins emission was to be found
in circulation, ft was locked up in the cheats of executors,
guardians widows, faimeis. &.c. We then issued bill* bot-
tomed on a adeeming lav, hu; beamier no inteiest. These
were readily received, and never depreciated a smgU farth-
ltur. In the involutional}' w<u. the old Congress and the,
States i--uod bills without interest, and without lax. They
occupied tin: channels ot circulation veiy tieely, till those
channels weie overflowed by an excess beyond all thecalls
of cueulatum. 15ut although we have so impiovidcutly sul-
fa fd the ii"M of circulating medium to ire filched fioin us
In private individuals, yet I think we may recove: it in part,
and even in the whole, it the States will eo .peiare with
us. I: Trea-ui)* biilsaie emitted on a tax appsopirated tor
their redemption in tliteen jeai , and (to insane prefeienco
in the first moments of competition) beanni an interest of
«i\ pel cent , theic is no one who would not take iheni in
pieteiviH'o to the bank paper now afloat, on a ptmeiple ot
patriotism as well as interest; and they would be withdiaun
from circulation into private ho mi* to a con^ubnable
amount. Theii ciedit once established, oth'-is might be
emitted, bottomed aNo on a ta\. but not heartily interest;
and if evei then eiedit (altered,open public loan:*, on winch
flit^e hill- alone .diould he teeeived as specie. Tiie-<-, op-
erating :t< a -ankm:: fund would reduce the quantity in cir
dilation, so to nnintam that in an equihhuuni of specie.
It is not easy to estimate the obstacles which, in the begin-
ning, wo should enoounti i in ous.anr the hank* fiom men
possession of the cneulation ; but a steady ami judicious
alternation of emis«tons ami loans would ieduce them in
time. But while this is going on, another measure should
be pieced. to lecftvr ultimately our right to the circula-
tion. The States t-hould be applied to, to tran-fet the light
of i-sunig r-irculatniK paper lo (Jon ress exclusively, injier-
jicfvutn, if possible, but duang the war at Im^t, wttu a > iv
infr or' enactor lights, f believe that every Stare vve^t surd
south oi (.'oimeeiuau rivei, except Delaware, would imme-
diately do u; and the oilier-* would tollovv in nine. Con-
gr."-- wonitt, of uiin-o. b>'<,oii t>% obliging unohjolmed banks
l*o wind up their atTaiis within'a shoit tmv. and tlie otheis
as tiieii el)artei< expired, iorbuldiiur the subsequent ciieu-
latum of then pajier. Thin they would .supplv with their
own, hiittomed. every enns-ioii, on an adequate tax, ami
bom nig oi not homing interest, a5 the Mat- of the pnbhe
puUe should indicate. Even in the noii-eonijdj nig States
these hills would make their way, and supplant the un-
iunded paper of their baiiits, by then solidity, by the uni-
versality of then currency, and by then receivabihiy tor
custom* and taxes. It would be in their power, too, to
curtail thovp hanks to the amount of their actual specie,
by tfatiifiiiijg up then paper, ami tunning it constantly on
them. The national paper might thus take place even in
the non-eomplymg States, in this way, f am not with-
out a hope that this gieat. this sole resomeefor loans in an
asjrreultutal country, might yet be recovered toi the Use ot
the nation during war; and, if obtained in pcrpHuunx. Jt
would aiwajr- be sufficient to carry us through any war;
piovidrd. that in the lntei val b-'tween war and vvsu, all the
out-tainhii^ pap-"r s-houhl be calh'd in, coin be permitted
to flow in attain, and to hold the field of euculation until
another war should lequne ns yielding place again to the
national medium.
But it x\ ill be a-k  d, are we fo have no hanke. ? Arc mer-
chants and oiheis to be depi ivcd of the rc^oui ce of t-lioi t ac-
conimoflations, iurind so convenient: I answer, k-t have
banks ; but let them be such at are alone to be loinid in any
cnmid) <>n c.u th^ except Great Onsain. Thei t, is not a bank
of discount on the continent ot Kmope (at least thore wah
not one when I was tli<'i") which oilers anything hut cash
in exchange for discounted bsll=. Ko one ha<-a natuial right
to the tnuie of a mone> lender but he who 1ms the money
to lend."'
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the Clerk now to read
from the same volume, na^e 199.
The Clerk read, as follows:
♦k Bank pipemu-t be sunpie^d. and the circulating mo-
dtuin nni-tbe n'Moiedto liie nation to whom it belong. It
is she on 15 fund on wiueh they can lely lor loans; it is tne
only re~<mice which can no wi tail ihein, and it i*8 an almnd-
pntone tot every i!ee ^-ai\ pmno=et Tien^urv bills, hot- ■
tomed on taxes. Iv mm: oi not befirins interest, a- may be ■
Sound nee, sjt\, t hi own into circulation will tak<- the place :
of so nni-'li yold and sil v'Ci, u Inch last. \\ heir cro'Ail^d. will
find an ejlpix into oihei coueu h and thus k< t. p the quim • ^
turn of medium at  ts saliit.nv lc\el. Let banks continue if !
thev jiiease.hut i"tihem di<f omit loi cash alone <)i for Treas- |
urynobs. disvouut ioi eu^ti ahme in ev'erv other
counti\ <m ca.tii < x«. cpl Cie.U Britain, and hm too otten un- 1
fin lunate eopust. tne United ^t'Hes ft taken in tune they 1
may be rectified by decrees, and without injustice, but if |
let alone till tne alternative torcf- itself on us, of submit- |
taig to the ukmy lot want of fuiids, or the &uppre&siou of
bank paper, either by law or by convulsion, we caonot'fore-
see how it will end. Tlie remaining questions are math-*
enmtical only How fire the taxes and the time of their cdn-
timmnce to be proportioned to the sum borrowed} and'the
stipulated interest?" - ,
Mr. MAYNARD, by unammo'tfs'eonsent^widi*
drew his amendment. ;
The amendment ofMr. Horton was agreed-to";
and the section, as amended, was adopted.
Fourth section:
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, That in lieu of postages
and revenue stamps for fractional currency, the "Secretary
of the Treasury may issue iracttonal notes oflike-aiwounts,
in such foun as lie may deeirr expedient, and may provide
for the engraving and preparation thereof in the Treasury
Department building; and all such notes issued sttalJ be
leceived in payment of postage and revenue stamps, and of
any dues to the United States less than five dollars,except
custom^ and shall be exchangeable at the offtee of tlie
Treasuicr of the United States, or of any Assistant Treas-
urer, oi designated depositary,for United States notes of an
equivalent amount: Provided, That the whole amount of
fractional curiency issued, including postage and revenue
stamps issued as currency, shall not exceed ^50,000,000.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to strike out that sec-
tion, and in lieu thereof insert as follows:-
Sec. 4. sl.idbe it further enacted, That in lieu of postage
and revenue stamps (m fractional currency, and of frac-
tional notes, commonly eallwf-postage currency, issued or
to be issued, the Secretary ofthe Tieasury may issue frac-
tional notes of like amounts, in such foun as he may deem
expedient, and may piovide for the, engraving, pteparaUon,
and issue tlreieofin theTreasurj Department building; and
all such notes issued shall bee-schaneeable by the Treasurer,
Assistant Tieasuier. and designated depositaries for postage
and leveuue stamps ui sums not less than three dollars, and
receivable in p«.u mentof any dues to the United States less
than live doilats.rxoeptcu tom% and shall be ledeemedon
picsontation at the Tien.urj ofthe United States in such
sums and under such regulations as the Seeieraiy of the
Tiea&ury shall prescube, and shall be exchangeable at tlie
otheo ot the Treastner ot tire United States, or or any Assist-
ant Treasuiei, or designated depositary, for United States
notes of an «'iiuivalent amount: Provided, That the whole
amount of fractional euncncy issued, including postage
and i' v< uuustamps ishuetl as cunene\, shall not exceed
^oOjOOt^OOO.
Mr. Chairman, thp amendment I have offered
is almost substantially the same as the original
section. It is only to carry out more perfectly
the object of the Committee of Ways anu Means;
and 1 hope there will be no objection to the sub-
stitute 1 have proposed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out the
word "customs," and m lieu of it to insert " du-
ties on imports." It amounts in substance to the
same thing; but T want to see the same language
tlnou^hout the bill.
Th  amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Horton's amendment, as amended, was
adopted.
Mr. COX. 1 move to strike out section four.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in
order, as the section has just been inserted.
Section live was read:
Sec. 5. Jbid be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tri-asury be, and he is hereby, authonzed to leceive
deposits of coin and bullion with the Tieasurer, or any As-
si-iani Tiea>uier or designated depositary, in sums not iess
than twenty dollars each, ami conespondiug with the tip-
nomination-: of tlie Go vein uicut notes not bearing interest;
the com deposited for or representing such receipts shall be
U'tainedin tlie Tieasiiiy tor the pujmeutof said leecipt&on
demand, and foi no other purpose whatever; and such re-
ceipts repiesentrng com held in the Tieasury for payment
of inter est on the public debt may be issued in payment of
such interest, ami such receipts shall Ijo received at par in
payment un duties on imports as com.
Mr. IIORTON. I move to strike out that sec-
tion, and in lieu of it to insert as follows:
Src. 3. Jind be it failhci enacted, That the Secretary of
the Trcasuiy is iron bv authorised to receive deposits of
gold coin and bul'ion with the Treasurer, or any As&i<tant
Treasurer ofthe United Stau'-?, In sums not les?. than twenty
dollais, ami to is>ue et-rtilieales then (oi m denominations
of not less than twenty dollars each, corresponding with
the dcnominattoi.s ofthe United States notes ; she coin and
bullion deposited lor or repiesenunt; tlie certificates of de-
posit shall be retained m the Ti< a-uty tor the payment of
the same on demand ; and eeititicute , n presenting coin in
the Tieasiiiy may be issued m p.ij incut of interest on the
public debt; which certificate?, together with those issued
tor com and bullion deposited, shall not at any time cxceed
twenty p<T cent. b« yond the amount ot corn and bullion in
the Treasury ; and the certificates for com and bullion in
the Treasury -shall be received at par in payment for duties
on imposts.
Mr. POTTER. I move to add to the gentle-
man's amendment the following, as a proviso:
Piondcd, That the members ofthe Committee of Ways
and .M au*- be duected to icpair to their committee loom,
and tii-re to remain, and be kept on htead and water only,
until they shall agiee upon u plan ot finance which they
can leeommend (or adoption by this House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the
point of order that the proviso is not relevant, and
is therefore out of order.
