1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amount of all other circulation for the next six j
months preceding."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert
in line twenty of page 8, after the word " thereof,"
the following:
In the ca^e ol hanhs with branches, the duties herein pro-
vided lor mkiU bo imposed upon the enculation of the notes
tr bills of^uch bianche* seveially, and notupon the aggre-
fate circulation of all, and tin1 amount of capital of cach
auk vhall l o the amount allotted to ot used by such branch:
Provided, Th.it all Ij.tnk-, associations, orcoiporalions5and
individual^, lining or rci^umir note^ or bilb foi circula-
tion as currency, nitei Aptil I,1SG3, in Mim-. ropi eventing
any fractional p.ut of a dollar, shall be subject to and pay
a duty of five per cut. i aeh half yc.ir there.liter, upon the
amount of such naetional notes 01 bills &o ia-sucd.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKNlGLIT. I offer the followingamend-
ment:
Stnke out all affui ilie wo id " pay," m the thud lino of
the buvonth m-cuoii, to the woul ** thereof,''' inclusive, in
the twentieth line, and niseit.
On all notes 01 lulU in circulation exceeding two filths i
of the capital *.tuUi 01 >aid bank, association, corpoiation, !
or pi ivate hanker, and not exceeding thiee tilths, a duty ot
two per cent, pei annum ; on the further amount of encula-
tion, exceeding tluee fifths of said capital stock, and not
excecdingfour fifth*, a duty of thiee per esent. pei annuin ;
on the htrtluT amount m enculation, exceeding foui tilth',
of the capital stock,and not exceeding five filth-, a dutvot
five pel cent, per annum ; and on an\ additional amount 111
cnculattmi, exceeding the amount of said capital block, a
duty of eight per cent, per annum.
I have modified my amendment since it was
printed. I now propose that upon the circulation,
equal to two fifths of the capital stock, no duty
whatever shall be imposed; that if three fifths, or
'sixty per cent., be in circulation, there shall be a
duty of two thirds of one per cent.; if foui fifths,
or eighty per cent., a duty of one and a rpiuuer
per cent.; if five fifths, or one hundred per cent.,
a duty of two per cent.; and on any additional j
amount in circulation, exceeding the amount of '
the capita! stock, a duty of eight per cent.
The effect of this will be at once to cause these
banks or associations to withdraw the amount in
excess of their capita! stock they now have in cir-
culation, and eventually and giadually probably
reduce the amount in circulation to four fifths or
three fifths, and thus make room for the circula-
tion of your Treasury notes. I think the tax I
propose is not too heavy, if we have the power to
impose such a tax as this at all. I think the banks
should be made to contribute in some measure to
the internal revenue; and the object of this amend-
ment is to restrict the circulation of the banks to
about four fifths, or three fourths, of the amount
of their capital stock.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania, bat not because I am reluctant that the
banks shall pay their full share of revenue.# I
object to it because I behove it an unjust and in-
effectual mode of treating the subject. 1 am not
prepared to admit, because I think the better ar-
gument is the other way, that the banks, as they
stand now, are not tolerably well burdened with
taxes, Federal and State. They are taxed in all
the States; they are thoroughly taxed in my own
State; and we have laid upon their earnings a Fed-
eral tax of thiee per cent, beside. But 1 will ad-
mit, for the purposes of this argument, that banks
ought to be still further taxed for the sake of rev-
enue.
Mr. HOOPER. Where is a tax laid on the
earnings of banks ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. In the tax bill.
Mr. HOOPER. I was n<>t aware of that.
Mr. ROSCOE COCKLING. Does the gentle-
man say that he did not know that by she tax hill
we have taxed the dividends of the banks three
per cent. ?
Mr. HOOPER. That is a part of the income
tax. We collect it from the banks before they
pay the dividends to the stockholders. It is not a
tax upon the banks. It is a tax upon the incomes
of the stockholders. The banks are authorized
to deduct it from the dividends which they pay.
It is a mode of collecting the income tax ot indi-
viduals, and not a tax upon the banks.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I must be for-
given for saying that I think that disjunction exists
in the /am I with which the distinguished gentleman
presses a measure hostile to existing banks,orelse
m the .scientific vision of the financier, and not in
the common understanding of men at large. I
repeat that we have laid upon the net earnings
of banks a tax of three per cent.; I do not care
whether you call it a tax on earnings, dividends,
or income.
But,as I was saying, I will admit, for the sake
of tins argument, that we ought to lay an addi-
tional tax upon them for the purpose of revenue;
and then 1 say that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is unjust in this, that it
falls upon the feeble^Pand most insignificant of
these institutions, and passes by the mammoth
corporations in the Atlantic cities. The banking
capital in the State of New York is about one
hundred-and eight million dollars. Sixty-nine
million dollars of that is in the city of Nesv York.
The city banks arc not usually banks of circula-
tion, they are banks of discount and deposit; and
the amendment selects the dwarfish and less prof- j
itabic institutions scattered through the country, '
and lays upon them a tax which 1 believe would
be ruinous, and yet leaves these greater and richer
corporations m the cities entirely untouched.
Mr. McXiNlGlIT. The gentleman objects to ,
my amendment because it taxes the feeblest of the !
bunks. Now, that is pieciscly what I want to !
i each. The feebleness of the banks is caused by
the expansion of their circulation, and it is to re-
strict that expansion and make them stronger that
I ofivr this amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
will observe, he will see that I refer, not to banks
enfeebied by expansion, but limited m their cap-
ital and business, and making their profits out of
their circulation. The gentleman's amendment
strikes at them: but the Bank of Commerce of New
York, for instance, with a capital of $9,000,000,
and no circulation to speak of, escapes entirely.
Is that right, sir ? I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] who seems intent upon the
matter, and who, I believe, is as thorough an anti-
bank man as there is in the House, whether even
ho desires to sfnke down a little bank with a cap-
ital of $50,000, and to allow another bank with a
capital of $9,000,000 to go untouched? I think
that no man who desires to war upon the bank
interest would consent to do it by a process so
futile and unjust. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means dwelt upon thiS the
other day with great force and clearness, and I
lemind the committee of what he said. I sub-
mit, m conclusion, that if the tax is warranta-
ble it should be on the capital of the banks, so as
, to reach all alike, and not on the circulation, thus
i falling only upon some of them.
| Mr. WALL. Mr. Chaiiman, in reply to my
! colleague 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amendment
is exhausted.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me to offer my amendment, he can speak on that.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman from
New York will be allowed to go on by consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York can proceed by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. WALL. Mr. Chairman, my colleague
j [Mr. Roscoe Coxklik'g] has been speaking of the
| huge banking institutions of New York, and com-
] paiing them with the small country banks Now,
| we know that the principal profits of these small
! banks aie dcnvrd from their circulation. The
I gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. McKnigiit]
! illustrated this the other day by reference to a j
j bank which, with a capital of $300,000, had a cir- j
f culation of $700,000. Now, I should like to know |
| why that excessive en culation should not be taxed |
! in some way or other; if not, then it is a nice little j
1 plum for the bank to have loaned out on interest j
! of six or seven per cent., producing some forty ;
1 thousand dolhus a y< ar. I would like to know j
j why such a bank cannot afford to pay a tax of j
I two or three per cent, on its circulation. These j
■i banks have their circulation secured by a deposit j
!j of State bonds, so that they actually receive in- j
terest on those bonds as well as on their circula- (
II Hon. It is perfectly ridiculous to exempt this j
circulation fiom taxation; and if Congress has the j
ji power, 1 think it is Us duty to impose a tax upon j
'! it. I am ready to vote for such a measure, be- j
jj cause this excessive circulation of-small banl.s is j
!] an imposition on the people ar large, ibc meas- |
ure will affect me, as I own some bank stock in :
banks which, if they circulated to the extent of j
their capital, would largely increase their profits. ;
I know that the officers of those banks are rather I
opposed to this measure, but t told then* that I
would, vote for it, even though the city bank
might suffer to some extent, because these-weak ;
banks that would suffer largely from a tax on their_*
circulation have no business to be in existence
at all. Their existence is an evil to the country.
Suppress their circulation, and substitutefor.it
the circulation of greenbacks, and every one who
holds any will feel that he is one of the people,
and directly interested in the preservation of the
Government. Buthehas no interestin these banks
whose notes arc only a parcel of stuff whose
should be suppressed if possible. .1 therefore
hope that the tax will be imposed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment, by stiiking out the words " not
exceeding three filths." I suppose, Mr. Chair-
man, that it is the object of this committee to tax
this excessive bank circulation, so that it be wisely
and properly done. Now, under such circum-
stances, it is obvious that those who intend to tax
the banks at all for the purpose of repressing too
groat expansion, had better vote for a reasonable
proposition that will not be ultimately rejected,
than to get in a proposition which will have the
effect of destroying or damaging the plan so that
it will bo finally rejected. In order to reach the
evil, which we aie disposed to acknowledge, of an
excessive circulation on the part of some banks, it
is indispensable that we graduate our scale of tax-
ation, so as to reach it where this excess exists.
The amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania docs not meet the evil; and for this reason:
that the banks of large capital, in the Atlantic
cities, are not in the habit of making use of their
own circulation to any great extent. It is there-
fore necessary that we should fix what, in our
judgment,-is a reasonable amount for a certain,
(ixed capital—astandard—and tax all beyond that.
I know that gentlemen will propose amendments
here who are utterly hostile to any further taxa-
tion of banks. They will agree with those gen-
! tleincn who are in favor of taxing them so much
; as to destroy them; and if they shall be united,
! and anything is done, one or the other is to be
j cheated; or if nothing be done on this subject,
' ihen one party, at any late, will be cheated. So
] far as the power of Congress is concerned, I hold
: it to be perfectly clear, under its constitutional
! authority, to regulate commerce with foreign na-
' lions and with the several States, and to coin
! money and regulate the value thereof, that we
i have the power to regulate the currency, or to tax
1 bank circulation, anil, in so doing, that we have
| a right to exempt a portion, and tax a certain por-
| tion beyond thatamount. The amount proposed
5 to be taxed by this bill is deemed by the Com-
1 mittce of Ways and Means to be justand proper.
| Banks of small capital will be taxed only on the
| ciiculation that is over seventy, eighty, or ninety
i per cen t. of their capital, according to the amount,
j But unless you fixed the limit at a much lower
■ figure for banks of large capital, this tax would not
■ reach them at all; and it has been fixed down as
! low as twenty-five, thirty, and forty per cent.on
| banks of large capital. Therefore this sliding
I scale, based on the amount of capital, is neces-
j sary, and we believe will produce satisfactory re-
I suits. I trust the amendment of the gentleman
' from Pennsylvania will not prevail.
! Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
1 to the amendment to the amendment. I regard this
| tax, in its present shape, as altogether unjust, and
i as being founded on no sound principle. The
' great principle of taxation is that every one shall
i pay in proportion to his ability. No other prin-
| cipie of taxation is just. Does this bill propose
| to make the banks pay according to their ability?
| Not at all. It reverses that principle. If, there-
■ fore, the tax is designed for revenue, it is entirely
j wrong in principle and ought not to be sustained
! fora moment. If, on the other hand, it be intended
• to curtail the circulation of these banks in order
that the vacuum may be filled by Treasury notes,
1 then it is a most inefficient measure, and will not
produce the desired result. Instead of this petty
; tax, it must be three per cent, semi-annually on
I the circulation.
I Now, are we to go on competing with one thou-
1 sand three hundred banks in expanding the cur-
: rency of the country? I know that this is a great
question to meet; but we have got to meet it.
There is no mistake about it. If we do not do it,
then we go down, down, down, till we go over
