1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend, in lines
two hundred find eighty-five and two hundred and
eighty-six, hy striking out " $250,000," and in-
serting " $50,000;" so that it will read, " for the
continuation of the Treasury building, §50,000."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clau.se:
To reimburse J. L. Vattier, late postmastpr at Cincin-
nati, for balance expended and paid upon Government po t
office at Cincinnati, $1,700.
This seems to be an old claim, and it is certainly
not in any departmental estimate, it seems a little
remarkable that a private claim of this kind should
have found a place in a bill of this character. I
trust the chahman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will explain how it occurs that a pu-
vate chum of this kind, which ought to stand upon
the same footing as other private claims against
the Government, finds a place in a general appro-
priation bill. I move to strike out the item.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask for the leading of the
letter which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows;
Tiu-'asuk* J)hijA.Ki\UKNr, February 3, 1863
Sir: J. L Vaitiei, I.ue postmaster ar Cincinnati, Ohio,
expended and paid, with the sanction of the Po-t Office
Department, in the year 1855 ot 1&57. the film of lJ-\
in thocomplctitisand iittins* up the Government por-rotFice
in that citv. Bv special appropi iation of Congre.-^ at the
session of 18.">6-57, an appiopri.itioii was made to reimburse
the po-tniaster. The amount upptopriated was 90,
winch wa-s lo-s by $1,700 than the amount due. under the
suppoMtion that that amount was then in the hands of the
supi'imtoudent of tne hiiiklm!*, applicable to thu- object,
and would be lep.nd hv hnn towiuds tins. expense. It was
not, howevoi, m> repaid, and the eon-4iue(ion and contin-
gent funds foi the woik aie exhausted. I liave to request
that an additional appiopnation be made by Concre** to
eovor thi- £1,700. out of which will bo ie tamed by the (gov-
ernment the Mini <>t x 1.498 the balance due from said
V.Utier as late posl master.
J have the honoi to be, very re&peetfullv,
S. P. CIRSE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Thaddeus Steven's, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
strike out.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line one hun-
dred and fifteen:
For the extent-ion of the seawall for the protection of
Great Bicwoter Js-lund, Boston harbor, £o0,00U.
Mr. Chairman, this Great Brewster Island stands
on one side of the main channel in the harbor of
Boston, and by the action of the sea there is a
gradual abrasion of the soil of the island into the
channel. To present the wearing away of this
island, the Government some years ago com-
menced building a sea wall for its protection. The
yppropiiations heretofore made for that purpose
have ali been expended, and this appropriation is
suggested by the engineer who lias charge of the
woik, and is approved by General Totten, the
chief of the Bureau of Topographical Engineers,
hete in a letiei which 1 haw in my desk.
The amendim-nt was agreed to.
Mr. BABBITT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Tor repair of the pier at the liatboi of Hue. Penn-niva'da,
on wincii th'1 hr>0' .>n-!mbt i-- ejected, and lortlie protection
and pieservation ot ^ai<! liyht and adjacent pier*\ $'10,000,
to be expended undei the direction ot tne i'ievident.
I deem that appropriation, Mr, Chairman, to
be highly necessary, absolutely nccessaiy to the
preservation of the beacon-light there. The liar-
borof Erie, as you uie awaie, is formed by a eies-
eent-shaped peninsula extending fiom the main
land eastwardly, and inclosing aomc two milesin
width and four" miios in length, fiom the eastend
of which peninsula a pier has been constructed,
some twenty or fbrty rods in length, on the end
of which, ill tweniy-iNe feet of water, the beacon-
light stands. That piei, between the land and
beacon-hirht is, to my knowledge, greatly dilapi-
dated, and m a dangerous condition, liable to be
swept away by the first heavy storm. ^ It is un-
dermined, and the timbers are being carried aw ay.
When that connection with the main land is
oioken, there will be no way of lighting the bea-
con. I know that this work is necessary, and I
do not know why the proper Government oHicers
have i,ot attended to the subject, i ascribe it to
the fact that the/i whole attention is so absorbed
in providing for sea-coast fortification?, that they
hove entirely forgotten that wc have a lake coast
atall, ora lake beacon-light or a lake light-house
or a lake harbor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to inquire whether esti-
mates have been made for this work, or whether
it has been recommended by the head of the De-
partment ?
Mr. BABBITT. The gentleman is too late.
The amendment is adopted. [Laughter.]
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is very fast in saying that the amend-
ment has been adopted. All that I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is this: he pro-
poses to have $10,000 appropriated to a purpose
as to which I am totally uninformed by any com-
munication from the head of any Department or
bureau. I desire to ask him whether any esti-
mate has been made of the expense of this work,
or whether any head of a Department or bureau
has presented the subject to the consideration of
the House?
Mr. BABBITT. In answer to the gentleman
from Indiana, I reply that I speak of my own
knowledge and from my own inspection. I know
the necessity of this work as well as any engineer
of the Government can know it. I know that the
pier is in a dilapidated and dangerous condition,
and that it is likely to be carried away by the first
stoim. I do not know whether the appropriation
has been recommended by the head of any De-
partment.
Mi. IiOItTON. I rise to oppose this amend-
ment. I take it, Mr. Chairman, that it is a very
unsafe practice to appropriate money withoutany
information from the ordinal y sources from which
Congress gets information on such subjects, es-
pecially on works pertaining to the protection of
commerce. I suggest to the committee that there
has been no information on this subject, such as
we require on almost ali occasions, and such as
we ought to require on all occasions. That cer-
tainly is not wise or prudent legislation. The
gentleman from the Erie district of Pennsylvania
may know all about it, as doubtless he does; but
1 think it would have been in accordance with his
duty, had he gone up to the Executive Depart-
ments and got official testimony to present to the
House to corroborate his statement. That testi-
mony is not before the House, and without it it
is not safe legislation to vote this appropriation.
Mr. WATTS. I think, Mr. Chaiiman, that if
there is anything in the world for which we ought
to appropi iate money cheerfully, and withoutany
compunctions of conscience, it is light. All that
my friend from Pennsylvania asks is that his con-
stituents shall not be left m darkness; that they
shall have some light to guide them on the stormy
billows of that uncertain ocean on which they live.
[Laught'-r.] It will he recollected by the commit-
tee that Ajax himself, when he was haid pressed
before the walls of Troy, offered up his prayer to
the gods for light—
••Give mo to see, and Ajax a-ks 110 more."
If my friend from Pennsylvania comes here in the
honesty of his heart and prays to the committee
to give his people light, we ought to grant his
prayei.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend, by inserting
after line tlnee hundred and seventeen, the fol-
lowing:
Forth'-' erochnn of two lights nearthe mouth ot thf  Mau-
mee rivet and M.minee bay, $10,000: Prowled, That the
; Li^ht-lJoiisj Hoaid s-haJi detenu/no that there exi-ts a ne-
' e<--i.-il\ i"? Mirii iijrht
Fm (h- c-tabh-hincnt of a eerie4- of in.aj:e lights, a" aids
to navigation at Portlioval harbor, South Carolina, .$-7,000.
j-'oi e-tuhiishin? a 10^ bell at ■« near Sandy Point light-
house, CIk s-.ip< ake ba\, ;£l.0i)0.
I wish to say that those different appropria-
tions have been recommended by the Light-IIouse
Board,ami 1 hold m my hand a letter which I will
have read if gentlemen desire it.
Several Members. It ia not necessary.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to oiler
the following amendment:
And mileace. a-> row allowed by law. to Senator*, Rep-
resentatives', and tH'le^ati'^, shall be paid tor the pr< sent
-e=-6ion, bv the piopm officers, out of anv money m the
Tiea.-uiv not oth'-iui^e appiopn.ited, a^ ?>oou as certified
by the i'nv.ulni" Officer ot each Hous-e.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to oppose this
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Illinois to withhold his amendment till the
committee gets through with all the other amend-
ments ? He can introduce it as an additional sec-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
time is passing rapidly, and,as everybody seems
in such good humor now, and as it is exceedingly
interesting to members, I think I will insist upon
it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I raise the point
of order that the amendment proposes new legis-
lation, and is not in order on an appropriation bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have examined
this subject somewhat
The CHAIRMAN. The question is a ques-
tion of fact.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. To that I desire
to call the attention of the Chair.- I have exam-
ined this subject, and have satisfied my own mind
that we are, by existing law, entitled to mileage
for the present session of Congress; and there-
fore I contend that the point of order is not well
taken. I refer now to the law of 1857 on this
subject, and ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It resolves
that the compensation allowed to members of Con-
gress by an act entitled (t An act to regulate the
compensation of members of Congress," ap-
proved August 16, 1856, be paid in the following
manner, to wit: on the first day of the first ses-
sion of each Congress, or as soon thereafter as he
may he in attendance and apply; that each Sen-
ator, Representative, and Delegate shall receive
his mileage as now provided by law, and all his
compensation from the beginning of his term, to
be computed at the rate of $250 per month, and
during the session compensation at the samlT rate;
and on the first day of the second or any subse-
quent session shall receive his mileage as now
allowed by law, and all compensation that has
accrued during the adjournment, at the rate afore-
said.
The CHAIRMAN. The provision of the joint
resolution of the 23d of December, 1857j is as fol-
lows:
"And on the first day of the second or any subsequent
session, lie shall receive his milage as now allowed by law."
The Chair will overrule the point of order, and
submit the question of law and fact to the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois. I have noth-
ing further to say. [Laughter.]
Mr. FENTON. I move the following as a
substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois:
Provided y That hereafter all mileage shall be computed
at the rate of twenty-five cents per mile, cach way, by the
shortest route usually traveled from the residence ot each
Senator, Repiebentative, and Delegate to the place where
Congress meets, and theioute of Senators, Reptesentatives,
and Delegates fioin the Pacific coast or west of the Rocky
mountains, shall he computed by the seu-rouie by the way
of the Isthmus of Panama, and mileage shall be allowed
for each regular annual session of Congress and for any
session of the Congress which may be called by the Pies-
uient of the United States., but no constructive mileage shall
be allowed for any such eailod session ; and mileage shall
be allowed to Senators, Representative^ and Delegates for
thi* session at the foregoing rate per mile, upon the certifi-
cate of the Presiding Officer of each House, to be paid by
the proper officer of the Tieasury out of any money not
othenvise appropriated.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I rise to a point of
order. The point I make is this, that this is as
plainly against existing law us the other is in con-
sonance with existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of outer.
Mr. FENTON. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of tlio Chair.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out the
last line of the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois. It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that we
were elected to Congress under existing hw,and
that when elected we understood what compensa-
tion we were to receive. The law whicn has not
been read, and the joint resolution of 1S57, if I
remember aright, provide that only two mileages
shall be received by membeis of Congress. It
was the contract that they made with their con-
stituents that they should not receive any more
mileages. It is unjust, it is dishonest for us to
