1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
attempt to receive that which is not warranted by-
law.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Rhode Island has put himself right before
his constituents. I suppose that is all he expects
to do.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the amend-
ment be passed, the gentleman will take his mile-
age whether it is dishonest or not. I hope that
the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the amendment of
the gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot renew
the amendment of the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and and make a speech upon it. The amendment
has already been discussed, for and against.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to strike out
half of the last lino. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I agree with the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield.] The compen-
sation of members of Congress was fixed at $3,000
a year. We allowed ourselves for traveling ex-
penses, each way, forty cents a mile. It was pro-
vided that only two mileages should be received in
any Congress—to be received at the first and the
commencement of every regular session. After-
wards they changed that so far as to say, inasmuch
as there may be extra sessions, members of Con-
gress should have the opportunity to take the mile-
age at either session, whether regulnr or extra ses-
sion. It is said that members may receive at either
session the mileage provided by law, ami the law
distinctly declares that no more than two mile-
ages shall be receiVed during any one Congress.
I say to take it now is to take it against the sol-
emn contract between the people and the mem-
bers when the latter were elected to this Congress.
I will submit the question of order, that no mem-
ber of this House can vote under the rule, be-
cause he is voting in his own interest. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois. Merely for the purpose of calling the at-
tention of the House to a law which was passed
on the 14th day of last March, which has been
strangely overlooked m tliisdiscussion, I beg per-
mission to read a clause from the law referred to,
which may be found on page 355 of the Statute
Laws of the last session, and roads as follows:
" For cnmpen-Jiuimi and miientu' <>f HciuitniN,
ZVouuifil, That the second mileage due I>v l:uv shall bu paid
at ttie present session, a^ --oon cerUtiij'cf by Hie PicddmK
Oflieois of the Henat'1 ami lion . .'hut piovulal fmthcr,
Thill the (iiregoiitfl proviso ahatt uot /"• ronstmcd to incllldc
more than tiro mileages lor Hie present Coiifjiohs.'1
There is the law, and there is the construction
which we ourselves have placed upon it. The law
of last March, to which I have referred, distinctly
prohibits members from taking more than two
mileages. I know gentlemen can quibble on it;
but the fair construction of law is, that the mrni-
beis of this Congress aie piohibited ftom taking
more than two mileagi-s. Those two mileages the;
members of this Congiess have already received;
and we have given our solemn pledge to the coun-
try that, we will take no more.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not propose
to quibble at all. The \ery purpose was to leave
it open as under the lesoluhon of 1857. There is
no lawyer of the House who will hesitate on the
subject. The law reads:
"PiovulcJ, That the,/ij)Y oin  proiiso shall not be eon-
strucd to include more tfuiu two mileages for the present
Congress."
tnon sequitur that the joint resolution of 1857
does not authorize it. ltis'not under that proviso,
but that joint resolution that the mileage is due.
Mr. LOOMIS. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam]
to a rule of law which prevails in all our courts,
in the construction of statutes, which is, that
wIhmc a statute expressly prohibits the including
of any matter, it is precisely the same as if the
same matter so referred to was expressly excluded.
The law, therefore, quoted by me, having pro-
hibited the including of more than two mileages,
it is absurd to say that it has not been excluded.
Mr. LOOMIS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to strike
out the last line. Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not
care about the precise terms of the law. I appeal to
the consciences of the gentlemen, whether, when
the law was passed, it was not the distinct under-
standing on all sides of the House that we were to
take no more than two mileages. [Cries of "Ques-
tion!" "Question!"] Itwas the understanding at
the time the compensation of members of Con-
gress was fixed that the future mileage of mem-
bers should be regulated and reduced, and there
is no doubt that it was intended that no more
than two mileages should be received during any
Congress. That was the understanding of mem-
bers and of their constituents. Gentlemen are
willing to provide rules for those who come after
us, but they are unwilling to adhere to the rules
that they have made for themselves. Abandon-
ing all ideas of any proper reform, the only pur-
pose now seems to be to seize a third mileage. I
say if this House shall undertake to obtain three
mileages by this sort of grab game, at the last
hours of the session, it will be something that
every man will be justly held to account for by
his constituents. I hope to see it defeated by a
strong majority. There is no question but it was
the understanding, not only of this House but of
the Senate, that no mileage should be allowed for
extra sessions; and having taken mileage for the
extra session, it was then provided that it should
not be construed to allow triple mileage. I hope
there will be no such disobedience of law and
violation of the fair understanding made in the
Senate and the House as will induce members to
pass any such proposition as that now before us.
Mr. OLIN. I am opposed to the amendment.
When this subject was up at a former time I took
some pains to examine the statute applicable to
this question; and 1 do not like to rest still under
the imputation thrown out upon the part of some
members of this Congress, that we are grabbing
what does not belong to us. Having examined
that statute with some care, and although it may
be a little presumptuous for me to hazard a legal
opinion as to the construction of a statute, as
against the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] I affirm here that, in my deliberate judg-
ment, the tiuc construction of the statute i«, that
a member i3 entitled to mileage for any subse-
quent session beyond two sessions of Congress.
The act says you shall have mileage " as estab-
lished by law." What law? The rates prescribed
by law, " at the present and any subsequent ses-
sion." Subsequent to what? Subsequent to the
second session of Congress. I say that any just
and proper construction of that law, docs give
mileage, and that, I understand, to have been the
object of the law.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee here informally rose, and
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same;
An act (II. R. No. 621) for the relief of Benja-
min T. Watson;
An act (S. No. 311) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Colorado;"
An act (S. No. 515) to authorize an increase in
the number of major generals and brigadier gen-
erals for forces in the service of the United States;
and
An act (S. No. 407) to iix the terms of the cir-
cuit and district courts m the districts of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa.
The committee resumed its session.
KECKSS.
Mr. MAYNARD. The time for taking a re-
cess has nearly arrived, and I now propose to the
committee that we rise for the purpose of contin-
uing our session for an hour in order that we may
finish this bill, as this evening is devoted to de-
bate only.
Mi. STILES. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 732, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1864, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the rules be
suspended, so as to continue the present session
one half hour before we take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
nothing is in order except simply the question,
" Will the House take a recess?"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demandthatthat
question be put to the House.
The question was put; and the House decided
not to take a recess.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before we go into
committee again, I move that all debate be closed
upon the pending proposition on the bill under
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union in half a minute after the
committee shall resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
WAYS AND MEANS BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 rise to a
question of order. It is that the understanding
upon which we extended the session halfan hour
was that we should go into committee and con-
clude the consideration of the bill under consid-
eration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the House simply voted that they would take no
recess, and the House can remain in session just
as long as it chooses.
Mr. DAWES. I send to the Clerk's desk a
report from the committee of conference upon the
ways and means bill. •
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote,
being the twenty-third amendment of the Senate to the bill
(II. 11. No. 659) to provide ways and means tor the support
of the Government, having met, after full and free confer-
cnee have agreed to recommcnd, and do rccommend, to
their lespective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their twenly-third amend-
ment and agree to t-ectioneight, with the following amend-
ment, to wit: on page 8, section eight, line eleven, strike
out the woids "provided that,'5 and m*ert " and all such
bunks, associations, coiporations, and individuals shall also
be subject to and pay a duty of one halfof one percent, each
half year from and aft<ir April 1, 1863, upon the average
amount of notes or bills not otherwise herein taxed, and
outstanding ay currency during the six months nextpieced-
ing the return hereinafter provided ioi,and the rates, of tax
or duty imposed upon the circulation of associations which
may be organized under the act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States* btoeks and to
provide for the ciicuhmon and redemption thereof, ap-
proved February 25, 1863, shall be the same as that here-
by imposed on the circulation and deposits ot all banks,
associations, corpoiations., or individuals, but shall be as-
sessed and collected as required by said act." Same sec-
tion and page, at the end of line seventeen, insert atterthe
word " issued,"" andalibanks, associations, coiporations,
and individuals, receiving deposits of money sublet to pay-
ment on checks or drafts, except saving*? instmttiotis shall
be subject to a duty of one eighth ot one per cent, each ball
year from and after Apul 1, 1863, upon the aveiage amount
of such deposits bryond the aveiaire amount of their circu-
lating notes or bilN lawfully issued and outstanding as cur-
rency. Same page and section, Inline twenty-live, 'after the
woid " circulated," insert " and ot all s,uch deports."
HENRY L. DAWES,
R. E. FENTOiV.
HORACE MAYNARD,
Manager* on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
J. W. NESM1TIJ,
Managers on the part oj the Senate,
Mr. DAWES. I shall detain the Hou.se but a
moment. I do not desire to discuss the report,
for it is so simple I think every member will com-
prehend it without further explanation. So far
as the tax upon circulation is concerned, it is the
House bill with the imposing of one percent, per
annum upon all the circulation of the banks under
the schedule specified in the House bill. To that
is added a tax upon deposits of all kinds, except-
ing savings institutions, with banks and bankers
which shall exceed the amount of ciiculation
issued by such banks or bankers. It also leduces
the tax upon circulation under the new bank bill
to the same rule.
1 will say further, that in very many respects 1
