460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
the'falls. We are now in the rapids, and if our
progress be not arrested we will go over the falls.
The question is whether we will let these banks
go on, with something like $175,000,000 of cur-
rency, while we are going to put out some two
of: Ihree hundred millions more. We ought to
meet the "question like men, instead of twirling
and shirking and talking about the banks in our
own neighborhood,and thinking wliattheir direct-
or's will-say of our course.
.IT that is the talk, we are gone; there is no help
for it. If currency has paralyzed our finances on
Ofte hand, as slavery has paralyzed our Govern-
ment on the other, the Union will go to the wall,
will go to destruction, in spite of fate.
Now, sir, I fe«*I exceedingly anxious upon this
point, because I know, if I know anything at all,
that it is the great turning point. 1 know very
well that it will require great courage, but we ought
to-come right up and discuss that question fairly
and squarely, and meet it like men; consider it de-
liberately; talk it over and see whether this plan
ought to be adopted or not. If not, then let us
five it up. If this law ous;ht to be passed, taxing
ank circulation to an extent that will compel the
retiring of that circulation completely, then I hope
we will have the courage to make such an enact-
ment, and secure the country from ruin which is
inevitable if we press on in thecouise we are now
pursuing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I renew the amendment which
was withdrawn by the gentleman from Vermont.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, when we come to the
amendment which was proposed by (he gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. IIoopeii,] to pre-
sent an additional section, in order to a-ceomplish
what 1 desire to be adopted by the committee,
and what I trust will be adopted on tins subject.
I therefore do not care to go into any discussion
of that subject ut the piesent tune, and would not
trouble the committee at all weie it not for a ic-
mark of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Roscoe Conklixg \ Now, I am not an anti-bank
man, that I know of. 1 am simply opposed to the
circulation of these banks, '['here is <i legitimate
bank business,as I understand it, wuhoutciicula-
tion or without the issue of notes. The gentleman
says that the Rank of Commerce has $9,000,000
of capital and no issue. I do not want to touch
such a hank as that—a bank that simply stands
as a medium between the boirowr and lender, to
negotiate the notes of lite person who wants to
borrow, or to enable the borrower and lender to be
brought together. If it receives deposits in money
and keeps them safely, and receive something
for it, 1 have no objection to that kind of bank-
ing. What 1 do object to is this—and here is the
simple question, as I understand U, for this IIou.se
to decide for the country—there is to be fiom four
to six hundred million dollars of currency set
afloat in this country, ail indebtedness, bearing
no interest, and irredeemable. If it would not be
profane, I would quote a pun which was made
here the other day, that none of these bank notes
know that their redeemer liveth [Laughter.]
Not one of them.
A Member. The same thing may be said of
the legal tenders.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I admit that. It is the same
thing, so far as redemption is concerned, with the
greenbacks as with the bank circulation. And
that is the point 1 am coming to presently. I say
here is $400,000,000 or £600,000,000 of cunenoy
thrown upon the country for circulation, beaiing
no interest. Now, if the banks are to have that
circulation, if they are to have §600,000,000 of
circulation at six per cent, interest, §36,000,000
goes to the benefit of these corporations; but if
the Government issues that amount and circulates
it without interest, then $36,000,000 goes for the
benefit of the Government. That is the simple
question m issue, and that is the point, the gist
of this whole matter. It is, who shall have "the
benefit of this circulation, for the present, at any
rate, irredeemable upon the p;ut of the banks,
probably never to be redeemed, while, upon the
part of the Government, we believe that it will at
some time be redeemed ? Shall this $36,000,000
of interest, or in the use of currency without in-
terest, accrue to the benefit of corporations, asso-
ciations, or individuals, or shall it accrue for the
benefit of the Government ? That, I repeat, is the
question which is the gist of this whole argument.
I think the gentleman from New York, notwith-
standing the remarks he has made, when he
comes to consider this question maturely, rising
above the local and partisan interests winch may
be supposed to influence him, looking at this
question in the light of patriotism, will say that
trie Government, that the .people as a whole, who
are bearing the burdens offfiis war, ought to have
the benefit of this $36,000,000, and not these local
corporations or associations.
Now, if the Bank of Commerce issues no notes,
I do not want to tax that bank. I simply want
to tax, and tax out of sight and existence, those
corporations that live simply by the issue of irre-
deemable paper. And instead of such a course
being an injury to the people, I believe that if it
were ingrafted as a permanent policy of the Gov-
ernment, one of the greatest blessings the Govern-
ment ever conferred on the people would result
fiom the taxing of these bank notes out of exist-
ence.
I believe, as I remarked the other day, that
such action is entirely legitimate upon the partot
the Government; that where the Government un-
dertakes to occupy any particular ground, it has
the exclusive right of occupation; and that no cor-
poration, more than an individual, has the right
to say, I will do that which is for the detiiment of
the Government and the injury of the people at
large. I propose at the proper time to present,
as an additional section to the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, a proposition
which willembodymyjudgment as to the proper
course of policy unon this subject.
Mr, SHEFFIELD. The misfortune of the gen-
tleman who last addressed the committee is, that
the law which he states has been made the sub-
jectof construction in the courts,and the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided differently
from the gentleman's construction. There, it ap-
pears to me, is an end of argument on that ques-
tion, brcau.su I believe that what the Supreme
Court have decided to be law is eonelusive.
Now, sir, I am opposed to the amendment of
the centleman. I think that if we are to tax banks
at all, the proposition we now have is, on the
whole, as just a one as we can adopt. But I do
not. believe, upon reflection, that we have the
power to tax them at all. What is the taxing of
banks ? It is simply laying a tax on indebtedness.
If we have power to tax that, we have the power
to prevent people from getting into debt. Well,
sir, I do not believe we have the power to do that.
Still, I oppose the amendment for the purpose of
favoring the pioposition made by the Committee
of Ways and Means. And especially am 1 op-
posed to any proposition such as that of the gen-
tleman fiom New York, [Mr. Wall,] who tells
us that he is a director in a bank, and wants to
tax out of existence the small banks, so that the
large ones may reap the benefit, in other words,
the man who has large propei ty wants to crush
out him who has none, or bur little. Ail men who
have accumulated g)eat power want to exercise
that power for crushing out smaller men, who may
be worthy, and as worthy as themselves. This
is the old question over again.
But I oppose this proposition for another reason.
The Bank of Commerce of New York, which has
no ciiculation in one srnse, in another sense has
as kd'gt a ciiculation as any hank of issue in New
York. How? Not by issuing notes; but simnljr
by a system of cheeks. By "this system it keeps
its circulation up, and by this system it continues
its profits. The bank does not issue the checks,
but its customers do; and in that way are its profits
made from its deposits.
Mr. W ALL. The gentleman will allow me to
ask him a question. Suppose the banks of the
State of New York, now secured by State stocks,
were to change then* securities to United States
stocks, if a bank having-acnculation of§100,000
deposits with the Tteasurer of the United States
United States stocks to that amount as security,
w hat. difference is if to that bank whether it depos-
its United States stocks, or whether its circulation
continues afe now to be secured by State stocks?
Will it hurt a poor bank, having a capital of
$100,000, to be compelled to buy United States
stocks more than it will hurt a bank having a cap-
ital of $5,000,000 to be compelled to buy stocks "to
that amount ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The gentleman's propo-
sition was to lay such a tax as should drive the
smaller banks out of existence; and it was to that
I objected. He asks me what the effect would be
for the banks of New York, now based upon New
York stocks, to be compelled to s< 11 these stocks
and.base their security on United States stocks.
The effect of it would be this: it would throw the
bonds of the State of New Yoik, on which this
bank circulation is now based, into the market;
and if all the banks were to do that, it would af-
fect the price, or the market value, of the securi-
ties of the State of New York. The stockholders
and those interested in the banks hold securities
of the Government of the United States. Most
of the banks have securities in the form of depos-
its; for while we have the legal tender notes, I sup-
pose that they are held by the banks on deposit,
and that is the reason why there is a scarcity of
them. The Government has threatened the banks,
so much that they were obliged to hold them as
security. If the scheme which he attempts to
force through the House shall be adopted, they
will hold them on deposit, and they will use them
as the basis of the new issue. 1 am opposed, there-
fore^ to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I renew it, Mr.
Chairman. The gentleman from Illinois is con-
sistentwith himself and with his pastavowals; yet
I marvel that an apostleofequahtyof rights should,
confess that he wants to burden and exterminate
the many humble institutions thioughout the ru-
ral regions for the benefit of the few great capital- •
ists of Wall street.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think that I expressed no
such sentiment. I merely said that T wished todrive
out of ciiculation every bank bill in the country.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Precisely so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If a bank is feeble and will
not pay us bills, I think that it ought to be exterm-
inated.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING . The gentleman
takes his stand, well knowing that the small banks,
the country banks, live upon their circulation, and
that the great banks in the Atlantic cities do not.
The little banks thrive only by a moderate circu-
lation; but the great banks carry on an enormous
business without issuing bank bills. They turn
over and over, not only their own capital, but
three or four times as much more of the capital
of their depositors; and their operations go on by
checks, diafts, transfers of credits, and the like,
but without the issue of anything described by
the teim "circulation." If tbeii unpretending
neighbors should be crushed out and the monop-
oly left to them, so be it, if that squares with the
rules of impartial legislation. But, sir, where does
the gentleman fiom Illinois find the figures upon
winch hr bases his argument? He declares that
$000,000,000 of irredeemable bank circulation is
afloat. The Secretary of the Treasury tells us
that about $167,000,000 is the entire bank circu-
lation in the loyal States. Here is a discrepancy
of $433,000,000. But be the sum great or small,
I want to say now, for the State of New York,
and I shall seek a fuller opportunity upon another
bill, that there is m that State no irredeemable bank
circulation—not one farthing. The $37,000,000 of
her bank circulation is redeemable, every dollar
of it—certainly, inevitably redeemable—m coin;
that is, it was so redeemable until theGeneralGov-
ernment interposed, and finally trampled out the
whole specie system under the hoofs of a project
to make gold out of paper.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Rather to
turn paper into cold.
Mr. ROSCOE"CONKLING. I refer to that
memorable experiment called the issue of legal
tender notes.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
New York whether he does not know that the
banks of that State have suspended specie pay-
ments, and that they are now circulating an irre-
deemable paper currency?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I did not know
that any bank in the State of New York sus-
pended specie payment, or had any provocation
to do so, until the Government took from the city
banks nearly all of their capital—took it in coin,
and then followed it up with legislation which in-
stantly destroyed the whole idea of a metallic cur-
rency. I do not know it, and I do not believe that
any gentleman will inform me of the fact.
