1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
01
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me state a question of fact.
Mi*. ROSCOE CONKHNG. The gentleman
•will have an opportunity after my five minutes
are out. The laws of New York do not tolerate
an irredeemable bank currency; far from it. The
constitution of the State effectually limits the basis
of banking. Every bank is required to have at
least one half of its securities in stocks of the State
of New York. By the constitution, those stocks
can never exceed a curtain limited amount. It
follows that the banking issue can never be ex-
panded beyond a certain point, and that State
stocks are of great and constant value. Every
bank is not only compelled to pay for its circula-
tion, dollar for dollar, with securities to remain in
pledge, half of the State of New York, and the
other 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKNiGHT. Mr. Chairman, whatever
friay be the motives assigned by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] orany other gentle-
man, for sustaining the amendment I have offered,
the amendment is not susceptible to (he allusion
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Roscoe Ooxklixg.] It isnotinteqdedtocrush out
the small banks for the benefit of tne larger banks
in the country. They may circulate to the extent
of §40,000free oftax. I takeitthatthetrue stand-
ard for banks at this time would be the amount
they would put in circulation when they had not
suspended specie payment; and I ask whether,
when they weie paying specie, sixty or seventy-
five per cent, wos not as large a proportion as
they thought it safe to issue ? "It is for the purpose
of restricting the expanded circulation of cur-
rency to that reasonable and safe limit that I have
offered my amendment. If the gentleman does
not think that sixty per cent, is enough 1 have no
objection to making it seventy-five. 1 think that
we ought to restrict the circulation into narrower
limits than the proposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means provides for doing.
Mr, ROSCOE CONIvLING. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 renew it, and I do it for the
purpose of asking thegentleman from New York
a question. Did not the batiks of New York sus-
pend specie payment on the 30th day of Decem-
ber, 1861 > It is generally believed throughout the
country that they did.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLING. I cannot say that
they did on that particular day.
•Mr. HOOPER. Did they suspend specie pay-
ment at all ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannot fix the
day as a date. I can fix it, however, by reference
to events which happened at the same time. I
will in that way fix the date when the hanks sus-
pended specie payment, if the gentleman will yield
me the floor.
Mr, IIOOPER. I want the fact whether they
did not suspend specie payment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLiNG. They did. Ican-
not fix the time, however, by the almanac, but I
can fix it by concomitant events which none of us
have forgotten. I say that it was not till after the
Government had obtained from the banks of New
York almost all their capital, and taken most of
it in com. When this was done, and nothing was
given them in leturn whicli could be convened
into coin, they stopped paying gold at their coun-
ters; but even then (heir biils were still icdeemable
in gold by protesting them and sending them to
the bank department, and they weie in fact re-
deemed. there until the legal tender bit! passed.
Now, sir, if 1 have the floor, 1 will finish what
I was saying about the system of banking m New
York.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me say a wu-d.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope the gen-
tleman will excuse me. i have only five minutes.
Every banking association is compelled to nay
for its circulation, not only by a deposit of ^cu-
rtties with the bank department, half m New Yoi k
stocks, limited and certain, as I have siod, and
the other half m United States stocks, or bonds
and mortgages on improved real estate. estimated
at two fifths its value, exclusive of improvements,
but each bank is compelled at its penl to haVe
specie enough to redeem, dollar for dollar, all its
circulation. And in actual practice, the hanks
together have more specie than circulation. So
it is really specie which circulates by Ifs paper
symbol—nothing more, nothing less. Therefore
the banks secure and pay for their circulation,
and then they provide for its redemption twice
over, once at their counters and once at the bank
department, and thus render assurance doubly
sure.
in addition to this, every stockholder is liable
to the whole amount of the stock he owns. All
this is true of every penny of bank capital in the
Suite, except §9,000,000, represented by the old
safety fund banks, and the last of them expire
within the next three years. They have been,
from their beginning, paying one half of one per
cent, annually into a safety fund which guaran-
ties the circulation which they havc,coupled'with
their personal liability clause.
Now, I say it is true, not only in point of law
and theory, but in point of certainty and fact, that
every man who hold a bill issued by a bank of
the State of New York could, until the legal tender
act dissolved the most sacred and inviolable of
obligations, have presented his bill and demanded
specie; and if not paid within fifteen days, he could
cause the securities of the bank to be sold, and
the specie rendered to him. And yet wc have sat
here from day to day, and heard about irredeem-
able rag currency, the State of New York being
included with the rest; and I want to say again,
o-nce for all, that the State of New York has but
^37,000,000 of bank cm rency, including the safety
fund banks and banks organized under the act of
3838, and the acts amendatory thereto; and that
every single dollar of that circulation is redeem-
able, and certainly redeemable. The banks had,
on the 27th of last September, over $39,000,000
of specie, and even after the city banks had de-
prived themselves of their capital for the sake of
the Government, every bank bill could be turned
to gold by a touch, til! the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, with a single stroke, palsied the power
to pay spe< le or to demand it.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the gen tie man from Pennsylvania by mak-
ing the tax on the first $,20,000 of circulation one
haif of one per cent., instead of two per cent.
Certain gentlemen have taken occasion to glo-
rify themselves upon this floor at this session for
having resisted the policy of giving to the Gov-
ernment at the last session of Congiess the au~
thouty to issue legal tender notes. The gentle-
j man who has just taken his seat has repeated that
j act of glorifn at ion wit h notes of exaltation, in that
} the banks of New Yoik are so strong that they
j did not yield to the pressure which rested on the
i country until the Government yielded to it, and
I fell unon and crushed them to the earth. Sup-
I pose it wire so; if he could have devised any
j measure to enable the Government to stand, the
banks of the State of New York might have stood
also. But the same necessity which brought the
Govei ument down upon its knees, compelled it
to measuies which it would not otherwise have
adopted, and which compelled the banks of New
York, and (he banks all over the country, to place
thernsf Ives in the -same attitude. And now let
me ask the gentleman from New York if there
was a law upon the statute-book giving a man
the rmht to go to the banks of New York and
demand specie for their hills, in default whereof
the securities ot the bank could be sold after a
ceitain time, suppose a man had gone to one of _
i hose banks and demanded specie, would lie have ]
got it ? i
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Yes, X answer. !
The b'uiks rould have paid the specie, and they !
could hcue paid it even though this Government !
had been brought down upon its knees, as the :
Gentleman says*, and I answer furtiu r, that the
reason why we did nr>t do H was not that failure ,
oi this Government Prostrated the banks, but that '
their own patikMo and voluntary in pen ting ;
with their capital and coin, and that alone, de- 1
pitv^d rhem of the power to do it. |
Mr. ED WARDS, i have no doubt it deprived
them of the power, if thev had it otherwise, and if '
they had not done it thoGovernmem itself would '
have be?n bankrupt. The gentleman takes the 1
ground thnt they could have paid specie for all i
their notes; and if that is so, let me say they wen; !
stronger than any other bonks in the counti y, and i
that the State of New York is stronger thou any j
other part of the country—strongs than the na- j
tion itself. I congratulate thegentleman as com- j
ing from a State whose power is so enormous that j
a part is stronger than the whole. [Laughter.] '•
Now a word in relation to.the amendmjfct. Xfys
amendment proposed by the * gentleman frQpi-
Pennsylvania cannot probably-pass this House;
but if it could it would be destructive of nil tl*e
small banks throughout the entire country. Now
it should be understood, and is understood, tiy
every member of this House, that the small barrks
in the sparsely settled portion of the country Q^e
as important to those sections of the country.^
the larger banks are to the more densely peopled
portions of the country. Should we legislate ne^e
so as to destroy the smaller banks, we woqld de-
prive all the intcriorof the country of the accom-
modations to which they have been accustomed
and which they need.
Mr. HICKMAN. I consider this bill so ob-
jectionable as a whole, and in all its part?*, and
find it so impossible to secure any sensible amend-
ments to it, that I must confess my interest in it
has greatly diminished. And yet I think itproper
to call the attention of the House to one or two
important facts, at least important in my estima-
tion.
When this nation was in a state of peace and
general prosperity the paper circulation of the
countiy probably averaged $220,000,000. It is
now proposed, by the action of the Government,
through its legislation, to make an additional
paper circulation of $600,000,000. If it is true, aa
alleged, that the paper circulation has sunk from
^220,000,000 to $170,000,000, we will then have
m round numbers §770,000,000 of paper money.
I suppose the only possible excuse which any
man can give for the creation of this paper issue
is our present condition, and the necessities of
the Government for the means of carrying on the
present war. But no man will deny that this*
amount of paper money must depreciate the valup
of every man's property in every community, and
the more you ate able to control that paper cir-
culation, the more you will secure the value of
every man's property. If we can by a system o.f
legitimate taxation push out of existence the issue
of these banks, which are always dangerous in
times of peace, will it not be proper for us to re-
sort to those means? That is the question I mak;e
to this House. And I solemnly aver my convic-
tion this day that this issue of Treasury notes
alone, and the constituting them a legal tender—
though I believe the legal tender clause perfectly
constitutional—will rob you and me and every
man in the loyal States of seventy-five per cent,
of all the gains we have accumulated.
Well, sir, 1 am willing to submit to anything
for the purpose of nationality; but 1 am nut will-
ing to submit to further aggressions on our rights
in order to sustain institutions which are danger-
ous in the best of times.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I renew the
amendment simply for the purpose of calling the
Attention of the committee to the necessity of
some action upon this bill, and for that reason, if
indications shall show that there is a purpose to
continue the debate upon this section, 1 shall, as
soon as I can thereafter, move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
And now, while I am up, I desire to indicate the
purpose of the committee in imposing the tax
contained in the bill. I am willing to avow at
once that it is for the purpose of suppiessing any
excessive circulation of the banks and not for the
purpose of taxation. We think the banks are
already sufficiently taxed. They are taxed three
per cent, upon oil theireamings. They make no
dividend nor pile up any surplus that is not taxed,
and they are taxed by means of stamp duties
hea\ iiy. The Commissioner of Intei nal Revenue
says that he shall icceivo a revenue from stamps
by the 30th of June next, of £15,000,000; a very
large proportion of that is derived from banking
business. A sum equal at least to one and a halfper
cent., it has been computed, of the earnings of the
hanks, is thus paid nno the Treasury in the way
of stamps. We say, therefore, that a sufficient
amount of tax is imposed upon the capital em-
ployed. Bui admitting that there is, in certain
portions of the country, an excess of circulation
which it is piopcr and right should be repressed,
we have proposed a sliding scale of duties that
will affect that object. It will regulate, not de-
stroy.
Now, I appeal to those members of the House
who are in favor of some restriction of this un-
due circulation, and are yet unwilling to destroy
