1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399'
am notentirely satisfied with this report; but as a
whole I have agreed to it. The banking bill it-
self i voted against. I was opposed to it, but it
is the law of the land. I have been willing that
the other banks should bear their full share of the
burdens of the country, and in this report that
burden is imposed upon them. Beyond a certain
limit there is imposed, in addition to that burden
in this report, the two per cent, tax upon then-
circulation. That, if it reached or touched the
legitimate and ordinary circulation of the banks,
would practically operate as a trammel upon them
and compel them to that extent either to wind up
or to escape into the new banking system. But
it is so limited that, in point of practical effect, the
banks m their proper issue and healthy circula-
tion will never reach that point; so that it prac-
tically docs not affcct the banks in their legitimate
business. I trust it will not. And therefore the
banks are practically unaffected hy this clause in
the bill. They are inquired, as their share of the
burdens of the country, to pay one per cent, upon
their circulation. Those of them that are banks
of deposit rather than of circulation are to pay
one fourth of one per cent, upon their deposits;
that is, one eighth of one per cent, semi-annually.
I am aware, sir, how hardly this will bear upon
the banks of my own State. Just so farasitshall
drive them into the new banking system, I know
that it relieves them from a tax in my own State
which has proved sufficient in ordinary times to
•pay all the expenses of the Government. But,
Mr. Speaker, if it docs not compel them, as I
think it will not under the limitation we have put
in this bili, to seek refuge under the new system,
then it will not affect the State burden which I
have struggled against as far as it was in my
power.
I will say further, that these were the best terms
for the existing institutions which, in my opinion,
it was possible to obtain. Disagreeable as it is to
me to agree to it, I am compelled to do it, or take
up with what will, in my opinion, be more severe
than this.
Mr. COLFAX. [ wish to inquire if the tax is
one per cent, on all the circulation of banks with-
out legard to a sliding scaler
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand my colleague to bay that this imposes a tax
of one per cent, upon the average circulation of
the banks; that it then imposes a tax of two per
cent, upon the eiiculation of the banks over the
amount which was stated in the sliding scale; and
that it imposes a tax of only one per cent, upon
the banks to be organized under the new scheme;
and that the stock in those banks is exempted by
act of Congress from any taxation by the States.
So that the necessary effect of this act is that our
State banks, unless the States relieve them from
taxation, must carry on then business with a tax
of one per cent, on average circulation, two per
cent, on circulation over that slated in the sliding
scale, and one per cent, on the entire capital of the
bunks.
Mr. DAWES. No.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
there is a tax in Massachusetts of one per cent,
on the capital. Now, 1 want to ask my colleague
how it is possible for banking institutions to gut
along any betterunderthis system than under the
one proposed last night?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope I shall have an
oppoi tunity to answer the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I answer my colleague that the
difference between this report and the proposition
of last night is this: that, under the proposition of
last night, the burden was to be doubled in two
years on banks of circulation, and banks of de-
posit were exemptenUrely. That is the difference;
and that has been gained by the new committee of
conference. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLlNGdemanded the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee nf confluence.
Mr. PERRY called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The leport of the committee of conference was I
agreed to. I
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mi\Wash-
eurne in the chair,} and resumed the considera-
tion of the civil appropriation bill.
The amendment to the amendment proposed
by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, was disagreed to.
Tiie question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois.
Mr. PIKE. I object to receiving my share of
this in a depreciated currency, i therefore offer
the following amendment to the amendment:
rTOtided, The amount .Midll not be paid out of the Treas-
ury until confidence in the finances ol the country is so far
lotoietl as to reduce the premium on gold below' fifty per
cent.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Kellogg's amendment was then agreed
to—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
Mi. MORRILL, of Vermont. J desire to know
if the channmn of the Committee of Ways and
Means will allow a vote to be had upon this prop-
osition in the House by yeas and nays?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to any ar-
rangement. It will come up m the'House in any
event.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a right everybody
has.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For salary of the judyc of ilie United Strifes district couit
m the wti-U'ih di-.tuet of Michigan, $'3,000.
Foi pav ol the dMiict attorney ol tlx- United Stated dis-
tuct eouti ol the western di-stnet of Michigan, $200.
I'oi p.iv ol the mai-linl of the CJiuted States distuct court
in Hie wcatt'in (liquid of Michigan, $200.
Mr.F. A. CGNKLING. I move to amend the
amendment, so as to reduce the salary of the juilge
to $5,000. I wish to inquire of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mi. Bintoham,] who is a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, whether the
amount ol the salary of thu judge of the western
district of Michigan is fixed m the law, and
whether this is an appropriation made in pursu-
ance of existing law r
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not remember whether
it is or is not. The gentleman from Michigan, I
ptesume, can answer the question.
Mt. KELLOGG, of Michigan. It is not.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then if the law is silent on
the subject, I suppose it is in the power of the
House to determine what salary they will allow.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I raise the point of
order that this is independent legislation on an
appiopriation bill.
Th" CHAIRMAN. That is a question of fact,
which the Chair can hardly decide.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ought to state to the gen-
tleman fiom New York that I am informed, and
that is my own recollection, that the bill fixed the
salary only by reference to the original salary al-
lowed to the judge for the district of Michigan.
What that amount is I do not know, but it can
be readily ascertained by reference to the statute.
The C1IA1B.MAN. Is there an existing law
in relation to this court?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. There is.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair overrules
the poiuLof order, as the appropriation is to carry
out an existing law.
Mr. SLIELLABARGER. My recollection is
that the existing: law does not allow these judges
a salary of ^3,000.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Kellogg, of Michigan; and it was lejected.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburnf. reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly the civil
appropriation bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that the
rules be suspended, to enable me to offer a resolu-
tion that the House take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is a resolution
that the House shall take a recess.
Mr. STEVENS. If we adjourn now, I wish
to know whether the House aoes not assemble
again at seven o'clock, according to agreement.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House, a re-
cess is taken each day from half past four to seven
o'clock, and there was an agreement last night
that this evening's session should be devoted to
general discussion • but the House at half past four
refused to take a recess, and without a direct vote
now there can be no recess.
Mr. STEVENS. That would be a violation
of the agreement. 1 move that the House take a
recess till seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (atlive o'clock, p. m.) togk a rccess till
seven, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven, p. m., (Mr.
Ruffinton- in the chair as Speaker pro tempore,)
and proceeded to consider the state of the Union.
POLICY OF THE WAR.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, the bill nomin-
ally before the House is known as the indemni-
fication bill. The latitude of general debate, how-
ever, congressionally, permits a discussion of
everything else under the sun and i% within the
four seas," and I shall avail myself of this per-
mission to say very little of the measure nomin-
ally before the House, with the design of saying
some last words, before I take leave of the public
service with winch I have been identified on this
floor.
The times themselves are exceptional, and we
must resort to exceptional remedies. This meas-
ure, under any other circumstances, would be the
most extraordinary ever considered in Congress.
It is nothing more than to indemnify the Execu-
tive and his agents for doing acts that not only
find no warrant in our statutes, butare in opposi-
tion to the whole spiritof our laws. Whoever has
listened to the speeches of gentlemen in opposi-
tion, might suppose that the Piesident was the
most unscrupulous usurper that ever oppressed a
people, and that the majority on this floor were
in conspiracy to betray into his hands the last
shadows of human rights. Nobody would learn
from them that we were in the midst of any re-
markable convulsions. They are brutal in their
assaults upon the Executive, and fierce in de-
nouncing us. The House resounds constantly
with their mourning eloquence as they depict the
sufferings of the few whom the Government, for
its own safety, has somewhat rudely dealt with*
but what mortal has hemd them denounce the
rebels, or what voice of theirs hasjoined the great
anthem of anguish that swells through the land
over our own lost in battle, or who have perished
in hospitals, or who now sit in mourning dark-
ness in desolated homes. And it seems almost
necessary to remind gentlemen who dwell on the
individual griefs of their favorites, that our great
mother is torn with life-throes, and that these vis-
itations of which they complain are reluctantly,
regretfully made, that she may live; that these
lesser ilis, some of which are doubtless m them-
selves unmerited, must, nevertheless, be. endured
for the safety of the whole; and that, m event,
the openly declared loyal,have not, will not, and
cannot suffer by these summary acts; that in the
opinion and judgment of the governing majority
these acts were and are necessary and wise; and
that it is expedient to make that declaration in the
potent form of law.
it is idle to mine back into the butied lore of
old, rude times, and dig up precedents for our ob-
servance and guidance now; or to nicely legard the
lights of persons and things, whether they grow
out of men's natural rights or owe their being to
civil polity. When the great source of the pro-
tection of all rights is threatened with destruction,
of what avail would be the writ of habeas corpus
and trial by jury if the great fountain of remedial
justice was to perish? These rights, so inesti-
mable, are only suspended by the hand of inex-
