1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
orable danger, to be restored in fall vigor when
that passes by. No, sir; we are in the midst of
an era in which we make precedents; we cannot
now follow old ones. And yet these examples
from our old British history are most valuable;
for they show us our ancestors, in the midst of
pew and great perils, calmly and wisely judging
of their own needs, and who boldly and unhesi-
tatingly applied to them such remedies as they
found at hand, without reference to precedents.
These rich examples will be lost upon us if, in
these fearful times, we do not reach forth our
hands and pluck from earth, sea, and heaven, the
readiest means for our deliverance.
Of course this measure, like every other war
measure, is opposed by the Democrats on this
floor; and yet they assure us that they are not
opposed to the war. I pray gentlemen to exam-
ine with a little care their actual position. I call
no names, denounce nobody as disloyal. I have
learned the difference between strength and coarse
expressions, and facts are more pungent than
abuse. These gentlemen assure us that they are
not opposed^o the war, but only to our policy of
the war. They do not oppose the Government,
but only the administration of the Government.
The Government is one thing, and its administra-
tion another. The rule has changed. In Gen-
eral Jackson's time he was the Government. I
think I can understand the difference between the
Government and the administration of it. In the
abstract, the one is a machine standing still, and
the other the same machine in motion; and how
you can oppose the motion of the machine with-
out opposing the machinery, is u question for
Democratic casuists.
Not opposed to the war itself? How comes it,
then, that these gentlemen, as a party, invariably
oppose every measure for its prosecution? In
favor of the war? How, then, does it happen that
they can never find anything in any measure to
carry it on that they can support? "We are un-
fortunate, indeed, that in these two years, amid
the variety of our measures, we have never yet j
stumbled on one that could command their sup-
port as a party. And still moie stiange is it, that
as they are ardently in favor of a vigorous pros-
ecution of the war, and as we have never yet.
brought forward the right measures for that pur-
pose, that no one of them has over in all these
dubious times pioposed a single measure to pro-
mote the war; not one. This is amazing. They
are for the war, but they have no plan, no policy,
no scheme, no measure, no anything to push it
forward;and if we had acted with them,Mr. Davis
would have made a conquest of the whole United
States months n^o.
Another equally remarkable thing is, that as a
party these gentleman find every one of our pro-
posed measures unconstitutional. Stiange, is it
not, that we nevercan be constitutional! But weare
not, and we never shall be so long as we ur^e for-
ward tins svar. Is H, indeed, true that the Consti-
tution was so ingeniously framed (hatevery meas-
ure for the common safety finds no warrant in that
instrument? i piny these constitutional doctors
to ransack then vast learning on tins .subject and
show us one way, only one, in which we can rum
tlie rebels and save ourselves. No, sir; gentle-
men are deceiving themselves and many of their
people; they mean to be loyal and save the coun-
try; they think they do. They think they arc
only opposed to our policy and means for cai rymg
on the war, when theyaie really, heart and soui,
opposed to the war itself. This was tin; logical
consequence of their position at the commence-
ment of the war. AH history shows, ancientand
modern, especially Bi itish and American histoi y,
that the paity in opposition to the Government
when a war breaks out is invariably opposed to
the war itself. I need not refer to instances. There
are no exceptions, and the Democracy has fol-
lowed the rule. Indeed they must oppose it or
cease as a party; and that was too much for their
patriotism. These views fully explain their course
during all this Congress. They have opposed
everything, and proposed nothing. They argue
against our measures till driven to the wall, when
they resort to the eminently fundamental demo-
cratic process of enlightening our course, as they
stolidly sit down and put a great measure to the i
intellectual test of physical endurance, thus male- '
ing themselves sacred to everlasting ridicule.
In this connection I wish only to remark that
I belong to a party that has never yet produced a
traitor, or a sympathizer with one. This i$ no
merit, for a Republican cannot be a traitor. Let
the country ponder this.
But what can be said of a party in whose mem-
bers it is thought to be a rare distinction that they
are merely patriotic; who, to be true to the coun-
try, must be better than their party, and are loyal
in spite of its teachings, and their political asso-
ciations ? I am glad to say that on this floor there
are many such brave and noble men; while the
mass of their followers are true, its the people ever
are. How easy it is to abuse, traduce, and de-
nounce. That it requires neither wit, grace, or
truth, is illustrated by the assaults of those gen-
tleman on the President. I shall enter upon no
laudation of the President, yet there are some
words that I deem it fitting for me now to say in
reference to him.
Sir, the Executive is the arm of the people un-
der our Constitution, and with it only can we deal a
blow upon therebellion. He who would strike that,
save with this arm, strikes fully upon our own
cause. Whoeverstrengthensthisarmstrengthens
the national cause; whoever weakens, it strength-
ens the enemy. For the time being, the other
branches of the Government might well be in
abeyance, that all our energies might go to swell
the mighty muscles of that arm. To save all, all
must be risked. You cannot separate the Execu-
tive from the personate of the President; and what-
ever detracts from him personally weakens the
executive force, as whatever elevates him gives
it added strength. So that whatever shakes the
confidence of the people, or any of them, in the
capacity or integrity of the President, by just so
much aids the rebellion, as that which strengthens
confidence in him gives vigor to the national cause.
The President, without the people, and all of
them, can no more conduct this war to a success-
ful issue than can the people without him. Alone,
no matter what are his personal qualities, he would
be the feeblest driveler that ever perished under a
great catastrophe, and the people must perish with
him. With a united people he is irresistible, spite
of mistakes and accidents. A united people and
Piesident can control fate and compel success.
They must stand together; and woe unutterable
to the wretches whose words or deeds shall sep-
arate them. From this it follows that if the Pres-
ident will not go with us we must go with him.
The freedom of speech is the last franchise a free
people will surrender, and our millions will exer-
cise it in the midst of no matter what calamities.
They will discuss the events and management of
the war. It is their war, and the humblest of them
has an in iciest in it. equal to that of the first citi-
zen, and they must and may discuss his acts with
a free ami manly pen. But 1 submit if the just
limit of cutioism and manly debate has not been
bi utally outraged in the fiei c.e denunciation of the
Piesident by gentlemen on this floor, and which
have been caught up and reechoed by their parti-
san press? Sir, if these obscure revilers could gain
ciedit with the masses, no power on earth could
save us from destruction, for they would shiver
the only aim that must bring us safety. And so,
too, I speak of the causeless tide of criticism—
shall I call u?—that has deluged to drowning all
the military operations of the Admmistiation.
Was this woild ever before so em iched with such
a quantity of such valuable commentary on ihe
art of wai, and by such masters.—generals by in-
stinct and the grace of God? For a year and a
halfthis luminous tide hasswept over us; and will
some mortal tell of some good, the least, that has
waited upon the labois of thobc ciitics? What
mistake has been avoided, what error retrieved,
or what blunder redeemed? And yet what jeal-
ousies they have engendered, what factions they
have built up, and what feuds they have imbit-
tered !
I pray gentlemen to remember that no general has
been improved by denunciation ormadeskiiiful byC
abuse; nor yet removed by this clamor, and never
will be. But the confidence of subordinates has
been shaken in a commander, and the confidence
of ihe people has been weakened m the President,
for placing or letaimng a geneiyl in command,
when no two could agree upon a substitute or suc-
cessor. These outspoken comments here and else-
where have at least the merit of boldness; but
whatshall be said of that muttering, unmanly, yet
swelling under-current of complaining criticism,
that reflects upon the President, his motives and
capacity, so freely and feebly indulged in by men
having the public confidence?—whisperings and
complainings and doublings and misgivings and
exclamations and predictions. I have heard men
complain that George Washington had died, as if
untimely, and feebly sigh for a return of Andrew
Jackson to life. What can be done with such puling
drivelers? Men who have a morbid passion to ex-
aggerate our misfortunes, and aggregate and riot
in our calamities; and who are never as happy as
when they can gloat over the sum of our disasters,
which they chargcoverto the personal account of
the President, i am sick of this everlasting cow-
ardice and pallor, under reverses. Defeats must
come, disasters must come, and still gieater ones,
perhaps, and the end is not yet. These men would
never have worked through the first Revolution:
but that, as this will be, was achieved in spite of
them.
Sir, if we fail it will be wholly because we are
unworthy to succeed; because we will not with
our whole heart and energy, might, mind, and
strength, give ourselves up wholly to this war
as do the rebels; study its portents, and obey its
demands alone. The task it imposes is for our
human kind. Its work is the accumulated work
of the dead centuries thrust upon our hands, and
its hope is the hope of all the ages to be born. If
we doubt, assail, and castdown those who alone
must lead us, we might as well now slough into any
infamy that men will call peace, or skulk behmfl
the mediating scepter of no matter what despot,
and forever hide our dishonored heads amid the
ruins of our nationality. If any man here dis-
ti usts the President, let him speak fonh here, like
these bad leaders, openly, and no longer offend
the streets and nauseate places of common resort
with their unworthy clamor about him. He may
not have in excess that ecstatic fue that makes
poets and prophets and madmen; he may not pos-
sess much of what we call hcioic blood, that drives
men to stake priceless destinies on desperate
ventures, and lose them; he may not in an emi-
nent degree possess that indefinable something
that school-boys call genius, that enables its pos-
sessor through new and unheard-of combinations
to grasp at wonderful results, and that usually
ends in failure; or, if he possesses any or all of
these qualities, they are abashed and subdued in
the presence of a danger that dwarfs giants and
teaclies prudence to temerity, lie is an unimpas-
sioned, cool, shrewd, sagacious, far-seeing man,
with a capacity to form his own judgments, and
a will to execute them; and he possesses an in lega-
lity pure and simple as the white rays of light
that play about the throne. It is this that has so
tied the hearts and love of the people to him, that
will not unloose in the bieath of all the demagogues
in the land. It is idle to compare him with Wash-
ington or Jackson. Like all extraordinary men,
he isan onginal,and must stand in his own niche,
lie has assiduously studied the teachings of this
wai; has learned its great lesson; and in full time
he uttered its great word. lie commits errors.
Who would have committed fewer? Think of
the fierce and hungry demands that incessantly
devour him up. Remember the repeated instances
in our own lime when the ablest of our statesmen
m that chair, with Cabinets of their choice, and
sustained by majouties in Congress, in times of
profound peace, have gone down, and their ad-
ministrations have perished under the bare weight
of the Government.
And then contemplate, if you can, in addition
to the burdens that have crushed so many strong:
men, the feaiful responsibilities imposed upon
this man. Is it not a marvel, a most living won-
der, that he sustains thwn so well? Let not the
distant mother, who has given up a loved one to
fearful death, think that the President does not
sympathize with her sorrow, and would not have
been glad, oh, how glad, to have so shaped events
as to have spared the sacrifice. And let not fathers
and mothers and wives anywhere think that as ho
sees the long blue regiments of brave and beau-
tiful ones marching away, stepping to the drum-
beat, that he does not contemplate and feel his
responsibility as he thinks how many of them
shall go to nameless giaves, unmarked, save by
the down-looking eyes of God's pitying angels.
But these gentlemen now denounce the Pxesi-
dent's policy of the war. Sir, 1 remember that
others, too, used to complain the same way, and
