1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
within $1,000,000 of their entire capital. Any
action which drives away these deposits will at
once throw many millions of Government secu-
rities upon the market. I hope, Mr. Chairman,
that the amendmentof the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will not be adopted.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amendment
is exhausted.
Mr. WASHEURNE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion and let me ask the commit-
tee to pass by this bill for (he present, and take
up the joint resolution to test Sanderson's breech-
loading cannon. There are some gentlemen who
wish to discharge their pieces this afternoon.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion. ,
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the amend- I
ment by adding the words, "and including: all :
special deposits." Mr. Chairman, the amend- ;
ment proposed by the gentleman from Pennsyl- I
vama, the chairman of the Committee of Ways ;
and Means, is perfectly just in principle; and if .
the tax is to be laid for revenue, th'fct is the pro- j
cess which should be adopted. It destroys the )
great injustice and inequality of the bill. It is 1
well known that city banks have deposits, and
country banks have circulation. Now, ifyoulny j
a tax on circulation, the city banks essentially j
escapc; but if you lay it on the deposits ami cir- j
culation both, then they share alike in the burden, j
and you receive a vast deal more revenue, and do,
at the same time, perfect justice. If we have this ,
tax at all on the principles of a revenue tax, c t- i
tainly the deposits should be included. I am very j
clear on that point, and 1 hope the committee un- j
derstands it. _ i
I hear it often declared on both sides of the !
House that the Government has made alt the dif-
ficulty in the currency; that the Government, by
its legal tender notes, has given us an inronvert-
ible currency. I deny that. I insist that had the
currency been sound when the lebellion broke out,
it would have remained sound throughout the re- ■
belhon. We do not go back far enough to beck 1
the trouble. We must go back anteuor to the ]
rebellion. We commenced it with an inconveri- !
ible currency, and kept on with it. It wos con-
vertible only on condition that it was not wanted
to con veil it; but war made convertibility abso-
lutely necessary, and therefore, as soon us that
point came, the banks had to stop. Now, the
fault was with the e.nrrencv and not with the Gov-
ernment, and 1 think we should take that view ot
it at ali times. 1 think there is not a word of tiuth
in the proposition that the fault was with the Gov-
ernment and not with the currency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to the amendment to the amendment; and I wili
say to the committee that if we get through with
this section to-night, there will be no difficulty
with the remaining sections, and the bill can be
printed and ready for the Hotise to-morrow
The question was taken on Mr. Walker's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question being on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment, Mr. Olin called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olin and
Alley were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes G2, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
BKEECII-LOAUIXU CANNON.
Mr. STEVENS. I now propose that by gen-
eral conseut this bill be laid aside and some bill
be taken up for general debate.
Mr. WADSWORTII. I object. I will, how-
evei, withdraw my objection if it is the under-
standing that no business is to be done to-night.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
that will be the understanding.
The committee then proceeded to the consid-
eration of House joint resolution No. 30, to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon.
SHIP CANAL.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, " Peace hath
her victories no less renowned than war." It is
our duty not only to crush rebellion, but to ce-
ment Union. Amid all our lavish expenditure foi
warand desti active purposes, it will begiatifying
to us all if some portion of the treasure of the nation
can be so used as to construct a great national
improvement which, while it will add to our na-
tional security, will at the same time promote na-
tional prosperity and greatness, and t#&dto restore
and cement the idea of national unity, the grand
idea which has inspired the vast and sublime
efforts of the people in this war.
This proposed canal will be like another Mis-
sissippi to bind the Union together. It will bean
East and West Mississippi. These stormy times
test and try fidelity to the great idea of American
nationality. No philosophic observer but has
remarked the unqualified devotion of the North-
west to that id£a—one flag, one country, one des-
tiny must forever control the valley of the Mis-
sissippi.
The West has never calculated the value of the
Union, because it is to the West a necessity, and
the people know it. Whether it can ever, under
s any circumstances, be surrendered, has never
| been, and I trust may not be, a question admit-
) ting of discussion or debate. Political feeling,
i prejudice, and local attachment are utterly pow-
i erless in conflict with the great physical and geo-
graphical necessity for Union. In this crisis of
our history it is the Mississippi which will hold
the American Union together. I know of no em-
blem which so embodies the idea of calm yet re-
sistless power as this great river, rolling on from
the land uf snow and ice to the Gulf. As strong,
as resistless, as deep and majestic as the current
of the great Father of Waters, is the will of the
brave pcopleofthe Westthat thisUnion shall not
be broken up. As the current of that grand river
sweeps on from north to south, removing every
obstacle, overwhelming every obstruction, so will
the people of the West sweep away every obsta-
cle and ciush every obstruction that prevents the
icstouition of our flag over every foot ot territory
which thot great river waters in its course. Now,
] wish to se«' another Mississippi from St. Paul
to New York, from Kansas to Boston. This ca-
nal will be such. It will mingle the waters of the
St. Lawrence and the lakes with those of the Mis-
souri and the Mississippi. When constructed it
will be as impossible to detach the West from the
East as itis to divide the valley of the Mississippi.
I submit, then, that it is the business of the
statesman to bind together, now, bcfoie the evil
day comes, and before the dark cloud which is
gathering shall burst upon us, and while it can be
done so cheaply, those great sections, and unite
their destinies foi ever.
"2. There are rcbch hi the, I Vest n'ho seek to (die) i-
ate and divide the Wet! from the East.
I do not wish to conceal, on the contrary, I wish
the country to know, that there is a small but
! active pai ty of traitors m the West who me scHc-
| ing to alienate that section from the East. The
l existence of this party is well known among the
j rebels. To this party and to this feeling were
: addressed the overtures of the rebel congress,
I and the proclamatioirof the rebel general Bragg.
How the West replies to these overtures the trai-
tois have learned ftom the mouths of our cannon
and on the bloodv field of many a haid fought
battle. They ha\e received their answer from
Murfrcesboro' and Shiloh and the Hatchie. We
love the Union, and have faith in the justice of
I our friends in the East. The soldiers of Illinois
; and Massachusetts, of Iowa and ?damc, of Wis-
! consm and Rhode Island, of Michigan and New
| York, of ail the East and all the North west, ming-
; ling and fighting together on many a glorious and
' sanguinary field in this war for liberty and the
! Constitution, will with their blood cement a Union
and a nationality so strong and deep that no self-
!: ish oi sectional appeal can ever shake the1 loyalty
!' of this glorious band of iovnl States. The West
!j will legard as tiaitors alike those who suggest a
i1 peace which will leave any portion of tne valley
! of the Mississippi m rebel hands, and^those who
I' surest any Union with glorious, patriotic,brave
■' New England left out.
!; Mr. Chairman, the Mississippi river is strong
enough to hold the North and South together,
!' five us this canal, and it will be another Missis-
ii sippi holding the East and the "West together. The
!j great State ot Missouri, with her vast agricultural,
j; commercial, and minei.d resource, to-day lies
prostrate, the victim of slave labor. Let her be
touched by the Ithunal spear of freedom, and she
will spring to life and prosperity with a giant s
vigor. Attach her by this canal to free csoil and
free labor, and you reclaim and secure an omfure
forever. "   , •
3. The northern frontier must be protected. This
canal is the cheapest and best means of protecting-it.
The northern frontier is not less important, nor
is it less the duty of the Government to give it se-
curity and protection than the Atlantic coast, the
eastern frontier. The cities which line the north-
ern frontier are as important as those of the At-
lantic. The commerce of the lakes and the Mis-
sissippi exceeds that of the ocean. The agricul-
tural products of the great States lying along the
northern frontier far exceed those of the Atlantic
States. I beg the attention of the committee while
I contrast the means of defense of the north and
the Atlantic frontiers, and what Government and
nature have done for each respectively.
The Atlantic coast is protected from attack from
any foreign enemy, by three thousand miles of
ocean. Our northern frontier has a rival power
on its border for hundreds of nules within can-
non and rifle range. No ai my will cross the Atlan-
tic to invade our country. Three thousand miles
from its base of supplies constitutes a very per-
fect security. Besides, we have a Navy which
has cost us hundiedsof millionsto defend theap-
pioaches to the Atlantic coast. We have also
forts ali along this shore from Maine to Florida,
Portland, Portsmouth, Boston, Newport, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, the Chesapeake.
Norfolk, Savannah, Charleston,indeed the whole
Atlantic coast very properly has been guarded
by forts, fortifications and arsenals. More than
one hundred million dollars have been expended
upon these defenses. The security of this coast
may then be summed up a?? follows:
1. Its great distance from an enemy.
2. A powerful and rapidly increasing Navy.
3. Shore defenses, consisting of heavy guns,
battenes, forts, and fortifications.
Forall this we of the Northwest, paying cheer-
fully ourfull proportion, make no complaint. We
recognize the justice and propriety of these ex-
penditures. Large appropriations were made for
these defenses at the lost session of this Congress,
and our eastern friends are asking for more. New
navy-yards, otdnance depots, and founderies, and
additional forts and fortifications are asked for.
League Island and New London are in the field
for a vast navy-yard, and an immense foundery
and depot for ordnance is asked for in New York.
Bear in mind that the hundieds of millions you
expend upon the Navy arc expended upon the At-
lantic. Now, I beg gentlemen to recognize the fact
that wc have a northern frontier, protected by no
thiec thousand miles of ocean, but within easy
artillery range of the only nationfwith which we
aie ever likely to have a serious contest. We have
no navy on the lakes, and we cannot have, while
existing treaties remain. We have neither forts,
nor fortifications, nor ordnance, nor navy-yards.
Our northern frontier is utterly defenseless. Ex-
posed by our contiguity to the British posses-
sions, England, with a far-seeing sagacity, has
opened canals around the fails of Niagara, and
the ld.pids of the St. Lawrence, by which squad-
rons of her gunboats can command the lakes with-
in twenty days after the declaration of war. I
desire, in thus connection, to call the attention of
the House to an extract from a memorial to Con-
gress by ex-Presulent Fillmore, andotherciuzcns
of Buffalo, dated January 10, 1862.
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read,
the following extract:
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Tho undersigned, a committee of the citizens of Buf-
falo. in the State of Now York, respecting} lepresent that_
thue exi^t-i the m<W uigrnt reasons toi the adoption of
immediate measure- to pioteet the eitv and port of Buffalo,
and thetionner in its ueimiy, trom hostile attacks fium
the neishbonng Canadian shoie.
" Foi many years pa^t we have Jived upon term4* of
entiie amity and active commercial intercourse, with
seaicely a thought that our idations to the opposite shore
would ever become hostile. A great city has grown up
within gun-shot of a territo:y owing allegiance to a forcigc
Power; and nothing woithy of the name exists to pioteet
it-s citizens from slaughter, and its propeity from spoh.iuon.__
A-mall unfinished tort, without guns, and incapable ot
shPltenu" au\ eonsideiable loice, constitutes the only ex-
hibition of military dciense to the gateway between the
Cci^U'i n .tnd western portions of the United States.
<• Keeent event* m oui national history aie calculated lo
riis.tuib the lepose in which we have so long indulged. Be-
fore the unhappv rebellion which now exists m the south-
' cru States had nVuun'Hi its present propoitinns, the Biitisb
! Governm-'iit began to j.eiol troops and aims to Canada, and
