m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22.
has not.ceased to do so at the present time. There id now ;
a large force in the British Not th American provinces, and .
- it is not even pretended that it is there to suppro-ssj rebel-
lion, or to repel invasion, or that the peace 01 secuiity of |
any of the provinces are menaced from any quarter. Ure ;
are admonished, however, hv the rec )nt atlaii of thoTient. '
th^t complication'? mayarlVc at any moment, in which
these warlike preparations upon our bonier may have an i
alarming significance. Ourdefenseless State seems to in- ,
vite aggression, and it is our duty at once to seek the i
means of avoiding attack, as well a  to m.ike good our I
po&Hion should one, unhappily, he made. ;
u A glance will show the impoitance of this point Jn the !
event of hostile relations with Great Bi.tain. It w the key
of the Jakes, and indispensably essential to the mainte- I
uanceofthe va«t commerce wliich is borne upon them. In
hostile hands!, the immense flow of breadstuff' from the ,
West to the East would be reduced to the capacity of our ;
circuitous tour of ratlionds, and the revenues and busi- ;
nessof the New Yoik canal? and raihoad^ wou'd dwindle ■
into insignificance. The greatest poitiou of seven of the
western States would he deprived ot a market lor their stir- ,
plus productions; and the large trade nosv existing between ;
them and the eastern States would be nc.uly or quite de- i
stroyed. A refeience to the cuM:om-hon*e books shows
that for the past year there have been 6,966 vessels, Amer-
ican and foieign, entered at this port, and during the fame
period G,900 vessels have cleared ; that the tonnage of ves-
sels entering is 2,987,691, and that of vessels cleared is
2,976,275, which exhibits an extent of commercial nans-
actions that few of our Atlantic cities can stupa5^. The
flour and grain received at this port during the year just
closed is equivalent to 58,000,000 bushels and upwaidh.
{{In view, therefore, of the magnitude ot the business
centering nt this point, its defenseless condition, the indis-
pensable importance of holding it for the secuntv of the
commerce oi the lakes, and the communications between
the eastern and western States, ami the delicacy ofour illa-
tions with the British Government, \\ e earne^Uy ask the na-
tional Legislatuie to adopt, without delay, such inea-urc*
of military and naval defense for this city and its vicinity
as an enlightened fo.eeast and true economy shall dictate."
Mr. ARNOLD- Sir, the dangers to the lake
cities and commerce have been characterized as
44 imaginary," and the desolation which it is in
the power of Great Butain to inflict, lias been
termed u dramatic" by a distinguished gentleman
from New York, in a report submitted by him
from the Committee on Naval AlVaiis.
Sir, let mo recall to his memory a chanter in
the history of the late war with England equally
"dramatic." The burning of Buffalo and Biaek
Rock were somewhat " duimatie." 1, for one, do
not wish to flee that drama reenncted. I propose
to prevent it by the bill so vehemently opposed
by the distinguished gentleman from New York.
But to return: What is so clearly and strongly
expressed by ex-President Fillmore and his asso-
ciates in regard to Buffalo, is equally trueofEiic,
in Pennsylvania: of Cleveland, Sandusky, and
Toledo,inOluo; ofMonroeand Detroit, in Michi-
gan; and of Milwaukee, Chicago, and many other
take cities.
i beg the attention of the House to an extract
from the London Tunes, boasting1 and exulting
in their advantages over us on the lakes, ilefer-
ring to the treftty of LSJ7, the Tunea says:
Some fifty yeais a«o if wa*. ajjieed In- tivafj thai the-r
vast inland seas, the po^es-a.m ot winch, in c.im- oi wai.
would he of .such dcuMW nnpoiunce, >JioiiId tie piaeL-
oally neutral. N'cuher countrv wan io k< ep an\ «oiceihcit
Equality of weakness was to be sulnruuted ior eijualny of
strength."
This equality, however, has been entirely
changed by the construction, by Great Britain, of
a canal around the rapids of the St. Lawrence
and the falls of Niagara, by which that Power
has complete access tor hergunbo its to the lakes.
So that the Times, in the same aiticie, boasts:
"As soon a:- til" breaking up o,' the ice had opened the
navigation of the St haniciice, wc conJd have ponied a
whole fleet ot gunboat^ tlnou?h that nvr into the lake--,
wheteas no suck ckamicl would have been open to the Anicr-
tcajw."
The bill under consideration ^designed toopen
that channel, which the London Tinn.s very truth-
fully says we do not now possess, and thus pot
us on tei ms of equality with England. 11 appeal s
from the statement of Rear Admiral Porter, con-
tained in Colonel Webster's report to the Secre-
tary of War on this subject, that we already have
more than sixty gunboats built for ocean service,
which could pass ihrougn the proposed canal to
the lakes.
THE IMPORTANCE, COMMERCIAL AND FISCAL, OF
THE INTERKSTS NOW ASKING PROTECTION".
The memorial of Buffalo, already referred to,
conveys some idea of the value of the interests
now sought to be protected. When I call your
attention to the fact that a single city on the lakes,
Chicago, sent from her wharves in 1861 more than
fifty-four million bushels of cereals, and more
than fifty-eight millions in 18G9: thai it is no un-
usual spectacle to see, at a single glance, outside
her harbor, property afloat in ships and cargoes
amounting in value to more than five millions of
dollars, it may aid in forming a conception of the
vast cotmp£rce and agricultural products of the
great granary of the Union lying around these
lakes. These great food producing States arc as
yet in their infancy. Their capacity for produc-
tion has scarcely began to be realized; and yet
production has exceeded the capacity of all the
railroads and canals in existence to transport the
food to tide water. One of the most careful and
intelligent gentleman of the West, W.H. Osborn,
president of the Illinois Central railroad, says:
" Within five year? after the construction oi a ship canal
from Lake JSne'to the Hudson, the exports of giam fioin
Chicago alone may  atVIj be estimated at two hundred mil-
lion biUheiV
Intelligent gentlemen estimate the commerce of
the lakes as high as $400,000,000. The tonnage
eastward of the canals and railroads from the lakes
and the valley of the Mississippi has been esti-
mated for 1860 at $700,000,000. The corn, the
wheat, the pork, and the beef of the Northwest
constitute a very considerable portion of the food
of the world.
CORN IS KING.
The aristocratic rebels of the cotton Slates used
to boast that " cotton is king." Whatever foun-
dation there ever was for this boast has ceased.
Cotton is dethroned; the cotton lords have com-
mitted felo de se. Corn, the product of free labor,
takes the place of cotton. The food that is pro-
duced in the West feeds not only our own coun-
try—New England, New York, Pennsylvania—
but, to a considerable extent, also Europe, It is
within oui power, by passing this bill, and thereby
chenpenmgtransportation, to stimulate pi odaction
and compete successfully in European markets
with the food-producing countries of Europe. Eu-
rope wants American cotton, but it will starve
without American corn and food. The necessity
for the food grown at the West has prevented in-
tervention. The commerce of the Indies never
equalled that of the lakes in value.
Now, imagine a fleetof hostile gunboats on these
lakes; calculate the havoc and destruction they
would produce. Towns and cities laid in ashes;
eommuce annihilated; vessels, propelieis, and
steamers, by the hundred, captured; the greatest
gianary of the woiid in the possession of the en-
emy; the connection between the Efstand West
severed. Asa Re pi esentati\e of the West, I warn
you of those possibilities, and I implore you to
prevent them by passing tins canal bill. I ask my
i'l lends from New England to reflect a moment
upon the condition of the artisans, manufacturers,
and mechanics of that section, with the lakes in
the possession of the enemy, and the supply of
food cut nil*. The year's product of food m iSrew
England will not supply Us people longer than
thu e w' eks. An enemy in possession of the lakes
could very enstlv <ut ihe ^reat railways connect-
ing the East and West. Jwovide, I beseech you,
against the possi bthf y of such suffering and starv-
ation by seeming, by means of these canals, our
supremacy and control of the lakes.
it is diflb ult fo understand how a Representa-
tive from New Yoik can fail to support this bill.
These channels onlarged will float the products of
j an empire to your great metropolis, i know a
1 narrow selfishness, if [^presented here, might say
j the Eiie canal this year n-iys into the State treas-
1 ury more than $5,000,000. The New York Cen-
I U,il raihoad and 1 tie New Yoik and Erie railroad
! leeeipts are said tin* year to have leached the
[cnoimons sum of ^20,000.000. Sit, these vast
revenues have, been paid by the West. New York
hns taxed our products to the extreme limit that
tin y will bear. Lei us reduce the cosi by enlarg-
ing the channel of transportation.
In \ iew of these vnsi interests and the necessity
of their protection, 1 will assume that theGovern-
m< ■ jt will at once pioceed to protect the northern
frontier, and we return to the practical question of
whaf arc the cht-apest and mon cjjccti ve means of pro-
tecting the lakes •
First, can it be adequately done by fortifications
on land ?
No; because, first, they will be so enormous]}'
expensive. Look for a moment at the length of
the line to be defended—three thousand miles;
observe the number of towns and cities you must
protect.
Rut, independently of the enormous expense,
the Merrimac and the Monitor have demonstrated
that fortifications on land cannot be depended
upon against iron-clad gunboats. The vast com-
merce, the rapidly rising cities, and the in valuable
agricultural products of the lakes, must be de-
fended by gunboats. The necessary gunboatsare
already in existence; they are afloat. All you
need do is to dig through a short portage, and
thereby open a channel from the ocean by the
Mississippi and Illinois to the lakes. Rear Ad-
miral Porter says that—
<f This canal and locks as contemplated will pass nearly
every large light gunboat we have in our Navy, or that
would he built for lake or sea seivicc."
Twelve or thirteen million dollars will open
tins great national highway, turn the Mississippi
into the lakes, secure those vast interests upon
and around those waters, and unite forever the
East and the West. And every dollar thus ex-
pended m defending the lakes is a dollar expended
also in cheapening transportation and in promot-
ing commerce.
It is sound economy to make this ship canal.
Wise statesmanship requires it; it is eminently
just and fair to the "West, and its advantages will
accrue to every section. I say it is sound econ-
omy to build the canal. You must defend the
lakes. Give us this canal and the gunboats now
afloat, and the lake country will not only defend
itself, but, in case of attack by Great Britain, an-
nex Canada to our possessions. This canal is
incomparably cheaper than the land fortifications.
Without this canal you must build and keep in
repair and manned a lake fleet in addition to your
fleets on the Atlantic. To do this will cost very
many times over the cost of this canal. This
Congress will not refuse everything to the West.
We are asked to establish a great naval depot at
League Island, near Philadelphia. And yctPenn-
sylvania and Delaware have recciveu nearly
$8,000,000 to defend the entrance to Delaware bay.
New York asks additional defenses to her harbor.
She has received more than ^17,000.000 to defend
the apptoaches to that city. Massachusetts has
received over $12,000,000. Of none of these things
do 1 complain; but I submit that a wise states-
manship and a sound economy alike demand this
national improvement.
I now ask attention to the proposition which
Illinois makes to the national Government in re-
gard to this canal. The State has constructed the
pi esent canal at a cost of something like $6,000,000
exclusive of interest, and it pioduces u net reve-
nue of about $200,000. Illinois will surrender
this canal and its revenues to the Federal Govern-
ment on condition tluU the enlarged canal shall be
made. This enlargement will cost, (including the
improvement of the Illinois river,) by actual and
careful survey and estimate, ^13,346,824. This is
from reliable official data. The capacity of the Illi-
nois canal as proposed, is such that all steamers
that navigate the Mississippi may steam directly to
Lake Michigan. The dimensions pionosed, there-
fore, are that the canal be one bundled and sixty
feet wide on the bottom; the sides protected by
stone wails ten feet high; the canal and river locks
<o be three hundred and fifty feet long, and seventy-
five feet wide, with a depth of water sufficient to
pass steamboats drawing six feet wafer. This will
furnish a capacity twelve times that of the Erin
canal. Indeed, the navigation from Chicago to
the Mississippi, when these improvements are
made, will bo'better than the Mississippi itself.
Such, Mi. Chairman, arc the grand results ob-
tainable by the cxp« nditure of $13,000,000.
I have stated that it was sound economy and
wise statesmanship to construct this canal. I now
assert that, as: an investment simply, it will pay
interest and principal of its cost, and yield a sur-
plus revenue. When completed, the canal and
river improvement from the lakes to the Missis-
sippi will be three hundred and twenty miles long,
th'rty miles shorter than the Eiie canal. The
Erie canal earned, this year, over §5,000,000.
When wo consider that the Illinois canal will be of
twelve times the capacity of the New York canal,
costing only $13,000,000, against a cost for the
Erie canal of ^40,000,000, we shall be satisfied how
entirely safe it will be to rely upon the tolls of this
canal to pay for its cost.
A few words m regard to the barrier to be cut
through in making this canal. The highest point
on the summit between Lake Michigan and the
