THE
iJIU«aiB
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RITES.
WASHINGTON,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 94, 1863.
New Series.-.
...No. 36. i
Illinois river is only twelve feet above Lake Mich-
igan. The entire length of the canal proposed
from Chicago to Lake Joliet will be only thirty-
six miles. The channel of this canal has been
already and mainly excavated by great natural
causes. At no very distant day a river, equal in
volume to the St. Lawrence, was discharged from
Lake Michigan, by way of the Illinois, into the
Mississippi. Its rocky bed, the channel worn by
its current, is as plainly marked as though it had
been diverted from its course but a year ago.
Some great geological upheaval, or some great
depression of the elevation of the lakes, has left
a barrier for a distance of a few miles between
Lake Michigan and thehead waters ofthe Illinois.
That barrier we propose to cut through. So
slight is its elevation that in the high watei of
spring and fall the Dos Plaines liver, which
rises north of Chicago, after running a few miles
in a southwesterly direction, fails into the old
channel of the outlet of Lake Michigan, and on
reaching that channel divides, discharging its
waters into the Gulf of Mexico and the St. Law-
rence.
The length of the canal proper from Chicago
to Lake Joliet, where it is proposed to commence
slack-water navigation, is only thirty-six miles.
The entire fall in that distance from the level of
Lake Michigan is sixty-eight foet, nearly two feet
to the mile. From Lake Joliet to La Salle,, the term-
ination of the present canal, is sixty miles, with
seventy feet fall. From La Salle to the mouth of
the Illinois, two hundred and twenty miles, and
only twenty-eight feet fall—less than tsvo inches
to the mile. Total distance from Chicago to the
Mississippi, three hundred and sixteen miles; in-
clusive of Chicago river to the mouth of the har-
bor, three hundred and twenty miles, and a total
fall of one hundred and sixty-six feet.
Such are the wonder.ful facilities for the con-
struction of this work. Before the money is
entirely expended, the tolls upon the canal will
pay the interest upon the expenditure; and it will
at an early day discharge the incumbrance of its
cost,and thereby becomesubstantially agreat,free
national highway, the equal, nay, the superioi in
usefulness, to the Mississippi lt&elf.
Some gentlemen object to this work because of
the condition of the Treasury. Sir, it will give
stability to our Government. It will add to the
national wealth. Stocks will rise upon the pas-
sage of this bill. The ability of the Government
both to borrow money and to pay it will be in-
creased. If the Erie canal has doubled our na-
tional wealth, this canal will do more, because the
Illinois and Michigan ship canal will bring to the
wharves of Philadelphia, New York, and the At-
lantic a more vast and extended West than was
ever done by the Erie canal. Sir, the contempla-
tion of these great works brings vividly befoic us
the grand and glorious future of our country, if
united. Union is strength. Union is, indeed,
empire.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, addressed the commit-
tee upon general topics. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. BINGHAM, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Bingham hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Pike reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Uniongenerallyunderconsideration, and
particularly House bill No. 659, to provide ways
and means for the support of th£ Government,
and had come to no conclusion thereon; also that
the committee had had under consideration a
joint resolution of the House (No. 30} to author-
ize the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. OLIN, (at five
o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
30
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 23,1863.
Prayer b.y the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sumderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
December 8, 1862, a list of the major and briga-
dier generals in the service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the TJni-
ted States, transmitting a leport fiom the Secretary
of Suite, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
iclative to the correspondence between this Gov-
ernment and the Mexican minister, in relation to
the exportation of articles contraband of war for
the use of the French army in Mexico; which
was icferred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a joint resolution of the
corpoiate authorities of the city of Washington,
adopted September 27, 1862, and a memorial of
the same authorities, under date of October 28,
1862, relating to and urging the construction of
certain railroads concentrating upon the city of
Washington; which was ordeteu to He on the
table, and be printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Vice Presi-
dent bo authorized to appoint a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, there being a
vacancy there by the withdrawal of Governor
Wright, of Indiana.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I ask to be excused from service
upon the Committee on Naval Affairs for the resi-
due of this session. I will say, sir, that the de-
mands upon my time elsewhere, and especially
in answeung to the calls and the wants of our sol-
diers—and which I do not feel myself at libcity
to decline, however it may interfere with my le-
gislative duties here—render it quite impracticable
for me to devote the requisite attention to the busi-
ness before that committee. I have only to say,
to preclude any wrong or injurious inferences that
might be drawn, that my official and personal re-
lations with all the members of that committee
have always been of the most agreeable charac-
ter. I move that 1 be excused, and that the Chair
fill the place by appointing some other member.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the President of
the Senate be authorized to fill an existing va-
cancy in the Committee on Public Lands, occa-
sioned by the termination of the service of the
Senator from Indiana, (Mr. Wright.)
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. There is also a vacancy upon
the Committee on Claims, occasioned by the with-
drawal of Mr. Field, of New Jersey, which I
move may be filled by the Vice President.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair appoints
the Senator from Maryland, Mr. Hicks, upon the
Committee on Foreign Relations; the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island, Mr. Arnold, upon the Committee
on Naval Affairs; and the Senator from Indiana,
Mr. Turpie, upon, the Committee on Public
Lapds and the Committee on.Claims.
Mr. GRIMES. I also desire to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. I desire to say that I do it not from any
personal consideration applicable to any member
of the committee, for my relations with each of
the members of the committee are of the most
pleasant and agreeable character,and have always
been; but I am also on a standing committee,
which takes a large part of my time; and I $m
chairman of a select committee that engages my
time almost exclusively every morning. I must,
therefore, ask the Senate to excuse me from l3tlr>
ther service upon the Committee on Naval Affairs;
Mr. HALE. I hope that, if the Senator doe#
not reconsider that determination, the'Sfengt& yiU
reject the motion. I need not say to the
that there is no member of the committed
whom the committee rely with so much confident!
for aid and counsel as the Senator from Iowa, T4
lose two such men as the Senator from Verinofat -
[Mr. Foot] and the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] in one day would look like going intd
bankruptcy. I really hope that the Senator from
Iowa will reconsider his determination. Theses:
sion is short, and tl\e amount of business before
that committee is very large indeed,and it requires
constant attention. It has to be in session now
everyday.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only to repeat what I
have already stated, that I think 1 am entitled to
be excused from further service on the commit-
tee, on account of the preoccupation of my tim£
on other committees, and especially after tfie pre-
cedent which has been already established by the
Senate, in excusing the Senator from Vermont
from further service.
Mr. FOOT. I have a single remark to make.
I am aware that the Senator from Iowa is very
severely pressed with official business before the
several committees of which he is a member ,~an<t
an important member; but I will say that the Sen*
ate had better excuse him from all other commit-
tees than to excuse him from further service on
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion to excuse the Senator from Iowa
was not agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. A vacancy has occurred in the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, oc-
casioned by the expiration of Mr. Field's term;
i therefore move that it be filled by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Wall.
* PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCIC presented the memorial of
Augustus S. Baldwin, a commander in the Navy
of the United States, praying that some action
may be taken for his relief against the action of
the advisory board, which, as he alleges, without
cause, declared him ineligible to further promo-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. #
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of mer-
chants of the city of New York for a general bank-
rupt Jaw; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HA RRIS presen ted a petition of merchants
of the city of New York, for a general bankrupt
law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, communicating information
relating to the appointment of midshipmen at the
Naval Academy,submitted a report, accompanied
by the following resolution:
Rcsolrcil, That, in tin? opinion of the Senate, the number
of midshipmen that rimy be legally appointed at the Nnval
Academy is, two for every member and delegate of the
House of Representatives, two for the District of ()ol umbla,
and ten at large, arid three boys enlisted in the Navj; und
that the ten allowed by the eighth section of the aclpasM'd
July U, 1862, entitled, k£An act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June tfO, lfc<63, and
for other purpose?," is merely descriptive of th«; qualifica-
tions and condition of those whom the President may ap~ '
point at laige; and that any other appointment*, under what-
ever color of law or necessity they have been made, ore not
authorized b> law.
The report was ordered to be printed, and the
resolution lies over under the rule.
Mr. DiXON, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred th«
petition of Cyrus C. Clapp, reported a bill (S,
No. 477) for the iclief of Cyrus C. Clapp and his
guarantors or sureties; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. CLARK, Horn the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 127) for
the relief of Isaac Vanderpool, reported it with-
out amandment.
