466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. CLARK.- The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition*of Elizabeth G. Willet,
daughter of Joshua Shaw, praying for an appro-
' priation of $7,000 for the use by the Government
of- her father's invention for percussion caps and
locks for small-arms, have had that matter under
fjonsideJcatioD, and directed me to report a motion
that the fmther consideration of tne matter be
indefinitely postponed.
i The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
iNo. 616) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1864, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Robert Mayo,
legal representative of George Mayo, deceased,
praying for compensation for services rendered
the Government, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 479) for the relief of the legal
representatives of George Mayo, deceased; which
•was read, and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
JHe also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Angehque Frazer,
formerly the widow of Hyacinthe ltiopelle, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No.
478) to provide the means and mode of taking evi-
dence in support of claims in certain cases against
the Government; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed-.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduced bill (S. No.
480) in relation to the printing of public docu-
ments; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing,
CAMP CONVALESCENT.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia be imtrueh-d to inquire whether the fcick and in-
valid -soldier* at Camp Convalescent, in Virginia, receive
proper medical care nnd attention, and whether any portion
them are suffered to remain in tents without fire, and
without sufficient piotection from the wet and cold, and
Whether they are compelled so he upon the ground without
beds or blanket*, and whether any examinations are marie
by the surgeons that any such as are wholly incapaci-
tated for further service may receive discharge's; and An-
ther, that they ascertain under wito^e control the medical
department of^atd camp is placed.
In consequence of a letter received from the Sur-
geon General, who states that the department over
which he presides is not justly liable to the re-
marks made by me. yesterday, and in order that
abuses may be corrected if they exist, and that
certain charges may be corrected if they are not
true, \ ask the immediate consideration of that
resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. RICK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
Agreed to:
' Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
.the Senate whether any more major and brigadier generate
• have been appointed and paid than autliotized by law; and
if so, hosv many, giving irimi't-. date of appointments, and
amounts paid each.
DUTY ON PRIXTINU P \ PEft, '
t ^ Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following- resolu-
tion: which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury b \ and he Is
herebv. requested to communicate to the Senate the amount
o/ revenue, if an}, winch has accrued to tne United States
ainc*  the pnssnge ot the act of March •}, nt us various
poits otYntjy,f!omthe duty on printing paper; and whether
mid* opinion, a reduuion of the duty on printing paper :
would tend to iucicase tin: public revenues. !
PLAN'S Of UK.VEIiAL BCRNSIDK. J
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask leave '
to submit a resolution, and have it read. I do not
ask for Us consideration now.
The resolution was read, as follows:
2?«>40/tt.'tf,Tiiat the committee on the ''onduetof the war
be iutftiuciiii ti'impiir*. whwihes Majoi Geu>*rai A E. Bum-
side has, since the battle of Fredericksburg, formed any
plans for the movement of the aruiy of the Potomac, or any
portion «f the same ; and if so, whether any Miboidinate
geneials of said army have wiitten to or visited Washing-
ton to oppose or interfere with the execution of such move-
ments, and whether such proposed movements have been
arrested or mterfeied with; and, if &o, by what authority.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Co'mmitteeon
Printing:
Jleso/ued, That three thousand copies of the Navy Regis-
ter be printed for the u->e of the Semite.
SENECA O. SIMMONS.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 520) for
the relief of Seneca G. Simmons, have instructed
me to report it back with amendments, and to
recommend that it be passed. I ask that it be con-
sidofed at this time. There are some reasons why
it should be considered now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The amendments
were, to insert after the word " of," m line four,
the words "the late;" to strike out the word
" him," in line six, and, in lieu of it, to insert "his
| legal representatives;" to strike out,in lines nine
| and ten, the words " Provided, The amount so to
! be allowed shall not exceed the sum of," and to
! inseit " to wit;" so as to make the bill read;
i lie it enacted, That the propei accounting officers of
: the Treasurv Department, in settling the accounts of the
( late rieneea G. Hititinons, an asH<tant commissatv of miI>-
, Mstenee, be, and hereby are, authorised and in-tiueted to
allow hks legal lepto^entativcs credit lor the .*11111 o{ money
belonging to the United States stolen from his possession
, at Matamoia>, Mexico, on the night of the llih of April,
j 1847, to wit, §1,500.
j The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
| dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was lead the thud time.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire that the bill
should pass without the Senate understanding its
merits nnd the circumstances connected with it.
Mr. Simmons was a captain m the United States
Army. He was in service in Mexico in 1847.
On the 11th day of April, 1847, $1,500 with which
he was intrusted on the part of the Government
of the United States, as assistant commissary of
subsistence, was stolen from him. A military
commission was appointed to examine into the
matter. They found that theie was no fault con-
nected with him. They found that the money
was not kept in a suitable building; that there
was not a suitable building for it. The facts
were that Matamoras, where he was at that
time, was in danger of attack, and the building
used by the commissary department was wanted
for ordnance stores, and the captain took the
money and earned it to his own quarters; it was
kept in ins quarters, and on the 11th of April,
1847, vvns stolen. This bill was passed by the
House of Representatives at the last session,
making an appropi iution not exceeding $1,500.
That is the exact amount. We have ascertained
it, and found it to be unsettled. At the battle of
Fair Oaks, Captain Simmons gave his life to his
country. He was killed at the head of a regi-
ment; and the committee think the bill should
now be acted on, so that his legal representatives
may be discharged from further annoyance in re-
gard to Ins accounts.
The hill was passed; and us tide was amended
so as to read: " A bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Seneca G. Simmons."
ARMY UJSGliSTKK.
Mr. ANTHONY.- The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
thiee thousand copies of the Army Register for
the use of the Senate, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, and to ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded to
consider the following resolution: *
Resolved. That three thousand copies of the Arm) Re-
gister for 1KGM h.' printed for the use ot the Senate. :
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire to j
v hat date tiiat Army Register conies down? To i
thtf present time ? i
Mr. ANTHONY. The Register is now being
printed. Itis printed by the Department,and these
extra copies are struck off without setting up the
type over again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As is well known , we are
now about making a great many changes of offi-
cers, and we shall need a revised edition of the Re- '
gister during the next sixty days in order to have
it of much use.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is made up tothe 1st of
January. The Army Register is prepaied and
printed by the Department. While the type is
set, extra copies are struck off for the use of the
Senate. It is a document that is called for more
than almost tiny other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection tothe
resolution; 1 think it desirable to have the Regis-
ter printed; but the point which I made was that
by publishing it now, we shall not get what
we would all desire to have. Perhaps it is well
enough to have some extra copies of the old Re-
gister as it was made up, but the officers are now
about being changed to a very great extent.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is always the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make no opposition to
the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
BANK REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Piinting, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 568) to provide for the printing of the
annual report of the banks of the United Slates,
to report it back with an amendment; and as it
will not take a minute to pass the bill, and as if
not passed now it will be useless, 1 ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to make it the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause the annual report upon the banks of
the United States to be completed at as early a day
before the first Monday in October in each year
as is practicable; and when completed, or in the
course of its progress toward completion, if that
will give dispatch to the business, the work of
printing, under th" superintendence of the Secre-
tary, is to be commenced, and the whole be printed
and ready for delivery on or before the 1st day of
December next ensuing the close of the year to
which the report relates. Until Congress shall
otherwise direct, the Secretary of the Treasury is
to cause to be printed five thousand copies of the
report for the use of Congress and the Treasury
Department; which, except such as are to be
bound with other public documents, shall be sub-
stantially bound, but the expense of binding is
not to exceed twelve cents per copy.
The amendment of the Committee on Printing
was to strike out the fourth section of the hill,
which is in the following woids:
Sfc. 4. he it further enacted, That the report afore-
said, except such a^< arc to he bound with other public doc-
ninuntx, Mial! be «uh^t«intia!I> hound: Ptonded, That the
expense thereof shall not exceed twelve cents per copy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
FLOYD ACCEPTANCES.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up
Senate joint resolution No. 102.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso*
Iution (S. No. 102) for the relief of the present
owners and holders of drafts or bills of exchange
drewn by Russell, Majors & Waddeil, and ac-
cepted by John B. Floyd, late Secretary of War,
was rend a second tunc, and considered as in
Committee of tiieAVhoJe. It authorizes the pres-
ent owners and hoidt'is of any drafts, orders, or
bills of exchange drawn by Russell, Majors &
Waddeil, contractors with the Government for
supplies and transportation, and unconditionally
accepted by John B. Floyd, lute Secretary of War,
to bting their several actions against the United
States, upon those drafts nnd acceptances, in any
circuit court of the United Srates in the district in
which they reside, serving the proper process in
each case upon the district attorney of the United
"State^for the district in which such suit, may be
brought; and any suit bo brought is to be pro- *
ceeded in as if it had been brought by one private
