THE GOJSTGrKteSSIOKAL GLOBE.
January 28,
. Mr. TRUM&CJLL. I will not undertake to
gay how much of a practice it has been. Such
cases have occurred. Whether it has grown into
a practice would tie a question perhaps that would
govern a legal tribunal to some extent.
. Air. FI5K3ENDEN. I may be in error; but I
Ijijiuired ajbout i t, and I understand that it has never
pepn the practice for Government officers to make
such acceptances where there was no appropria-
tion, where they had not funds, and then let the ac-
ceptances go out in the market to be negotiated.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Floyd did it.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that Floyd did
it. Practically, however, officers at considerable
distances, to save expense, are allowed to draw on
the Department, and their drafts are accepted and
paid; but then there is an appropriation to pay
them.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to inquire from
the Senator from Maine, if he knows of cases that
have occurred, whether they are not merely lodged
in the Department, and retained there until the
vouchers come here, and then payments made on
the vouchers ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unable to say how
that is:
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did appear before the
committee in this investigation. The investiga-
tion took place at the last session of Congress;
and the facts are not as familiar to me now as they
were at that time. Perhaps some of my colleagues
on the committee, particularly the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] who reported the res-
olution, recollect them better than I do; but my
recollection is—and I think it was shown to the
committee—that acceptances had gone out upon
the market in this way before these. I think some
of the parties who now hold these acceptances
stated tnat they had purchased such acceptances
before, and had them paid. Am I not correct?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- That was stated to the
committee; and i understand that acceptances
have gone out from the Post Office Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A great while ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The appropriation bill for
the Post Office Department failed some two or
three years ago; and my recollection is, that ac-
ceptances were made at that time and went upon
the market, and that the Post Office Department
was carried along to some extent in that way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I never heard that there
Were any acccptanccs. There were certificates of
service given, that certaiu service had been ren-
dered and so much money was due, and thc.se
were negotiated; but they were not in the form
of negotiable paper.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I wish to be distinclly un-
derstood as not sanctioning this practice by any
means. I think it very-wrong, and it should not
have been tolerated; but still, if the practice did
exist, and these parties had a legal right, I cer-
tainlyam willing to allow them to go to some court
to have an opportunity of testing that legal right.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the bill (S. No. 470) to provide for the
greater comfort of sick and wounded soldiers,
and to promote the efficiency of the medical de-
partment of the Army; the pending question being
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilkinson,] to strike out the fifth section
m the following words:
Sec. 5. Jln&be, it further enaded, That the chief medical
director of departments and armies in the field and tin;
senior sutgeon on duty in the Surgeon General's Office,
rcgulariy so assigned by the War Department upon the «!«•-
tali of the Surgeon Geitfr.il, shall have the rank, nay, and
v emoluments, each, of acolonel of cavalry.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, agreeably to the request of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,jyesterday, I have made
some inquiry in regard to this matter of the ration.
I find that the ration of officers is commuted at
thirty cents. The law provides what the ration of
the men shall be, specifying the precise amount of
each article that constitutes the ration. That can-
not be changed by the medical director, by the
Secretary of War, or by any rules and regula-
tions of the Department. It is a matter of positive
Jaw which entitles every soldier in the service of
the umted Srafes to that ration.
Now, in regard to the hospitals, the actual value
ofthe ration in the city of Washington,at the pres-
ent time, is 18 cents. It changes, however, every
few months. The actual value of the articles to
which each soldier in the hospitals is entitled, at
contract prices, in the city of Washington, is 18
cents; in New Mexico, 31 cents; in Washington
Territory, 22 cents; in New York, 38 cents; in
Boston, 16| cents; and in Tennessee, 14§ cents,
which is the lowest sum anywhere. If, for in-
stance, you put one hundred men in a hospital in
the city of Washington, the value of the ration
for those one hundred men is eighteen dollars per
day; and, at the end of the month, if they have,
drawn it all, there is no hospital fund. There is
never any hospital fund for the first month, any-
way. If they have not drawn it all during the
month, whatever they reserve is a hospital fund.
I have read the returns for the last month in the
Adjutant General's Office, and this is the fact as
shown by them. In some of the hospitals a fund
has been accumulated. This fund the Surgeon
General can transfer from one hospital to another,
at his pleasure; and when it is not used it goes
into the Treasury of the United States; and since
this war has commenced, money has been paid
into the Treasury in that way.
As I stated yesterday, the Surgeon General, be-
lieving that this ration was not sufficient for the
soldiers in the hospitals, examined the tables in
the civil hospitals of the country—in Philadel-
phia, New York, and Boston; and out of those
hospitals he made up this diet table which I now
have before me, providing for a full diet, half diet,
what he calls a chicken diet, low diet, milk diet,
b(>ef-tea diet; and showing what the men are enti-
tled to on Sunday,Monday,Tuesday,Wednesday,
and all the days of the week; specifying particu-
larly and exactly every article. He ordered this
diet table to be tried for a month in some of the
best organized hospitals of the country, and the
report of those hospitals is unanimous that it
causcd them to run in debt. One of the largest
and best managed hospitals in the country run in
debt §1,100; and the others varied from $100 up
to that sum, which was the largest. The sur-
geons in those hospitals, however, reported that
under that diet the men wonderfully improved;
they were strengthened and sustained; in a word,
they were nursed and built up better under this
diet table than under any other ever adopted; but
it cannot be supported on the present ration and
must be abandoned; for this experiment has been
tried without the authority of law. Neither the
Surgeon General, nor the Secretary of War, nor tlie
President, has a right to change the ration or the
value of a ration. The ration is fixed by law,
and its value is the contract price of the articles
contained in it, including the transportation. The
present proposition is to commute it at thirty
cents—fixing it at the same price at which we
commute the rations of all the officers of our
Army.
Mr. COLL^MER. I will ask the gentleman
a question, which, pethaps, he has answered in
the course of his remarks, as I happened to be
called out of the Chamber for a moment. I wish
to inquire whether we are to understand that that
diet table, which I take to be good and necessary
for the men, cannot be adopted, and the soldiers
cannot have legally the relief it will afford, and
which is necessary to them, unless we rtass this
bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I mean to
say this: that on the present ration that diet table
cannot be carried out. In every case in which it
has been tried it has run the hospital in debt—in
one hospital in Philadelphia, the name of which
I have forgotten, as liigh as #1,100, and in others
§200, §300, $400, and $500. The larger the hos-
pital the more they run in debt. The amount of
debt into which they will run depends entirely on
the number of men, if they are equally well man-
aged.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senatordoes not an-
swer the question. "What I am after is to know
whether tkere is no other way in which it can be
furnished but this}
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. None what-
ever.
Mr. SHERMAN. To give the Senator an op-
portunity to answer the Senator from Vermont
more fully, I will ask what the money appropri-
ated for ice, &c., amounts to?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. One hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was $170,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ Why not increase that ap-
propriation so as to give a sufficient fund ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I was surprised yesterday when the Sena-
tor fftm Maine brought up this little twopenny-
affair of one or two hundred thousand dollars for
ice, for the hundreds of thousands of men who
go through our hospitals annually. Why, sir,it
is not a drop in the bucket; it is not a dollar apiece
to the men who go to these hospitals annually—
hardly twenty-five cents; it is nothing at all; and
I do not care if the Senators from Maine and Ohio
strike it out of the appropriation bill altogether.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to ask the Sena-
tor a question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I hold in my hand a voucher
for the Lincoln hospital, in this city, which I ob-
tained from the commissary'sdepartment, taken at
random, certified to by the surgeon in charge pf
the hospital,and signed by DanielMcBride. The
items are:
1880 gallons milk, at 32 cents per gallon  §603 52
80 pairs chickens, at 90 cents per pair  72 00
500 dozen eggs, at30 cents* per dozen  150 00
76 dozen Scotch ale, at $2 per dozen  152 00
32 dozen London poitcr, at $2 per dozen  64 00
90 lots of vegetables, at $1 per lot  90 00
6 boxes of lemons, at $3 75 per box  22 50
73 gallons kerosene oil, at $1 per gallon  73 00
500 pounds butter, at 27 cents per pound  135 00
Total $1,362 02
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Kerosene
oil is no part of the ration. That is for light.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true kerosene oil should
have been furnished through the commissary de-
partment; but it seems from this voucher that the
physician not only has the authority and exer-
cises the authority to furnish milk, eggs, chick-
ens, ale, porter, vegetables, lemons, and butter,
but he goes beyond that and trenches on the
authority ofthe commissary department and pur-
chases kerosene oil. This account has been al-
lowed. It is an original account from the com-
missary department; and I have got several others
here, including almosteverything. Now, I want
to know from the Senator from Massachusetts, if
the surgeon at this hospital would be authorized
under the laws and regulations as they now stand
to procure the articles specified in this voucher,
why it is not possible for him to secure the arti-
cles which he says ought to be furnished to the
sick? I could go on and cite any quantity of
various items; but I take this from among many
as an example. I have got it from the records of
the department, and of its accuracy there can be
no controversy. I should like to have the Sen-
ator answer me that question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What is the
question precisely?
Mr. GRIMES. If the surgeon at this Lincoln
hospital would be authorized under the laws, as
they now stand, to furnish milk, eggs, chickens,
ale, porter, lemons, and kerosene oil, and have
his vouchers allowed and passed by the auditing
officers, why is it not possible for him to secure
an allowance of anything that may be necessary
ii> order to promote the comfort of the sick sol-
diers? Why can he not furnish it under the law
as it now stands?
Mr! NESMiTH. Were those items paid for
out of the hospital fund ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; they were paid at the
commissary's department. I will state further,
that I hold m my hand a statement taken from the
commissary9a department showing that for the
last month, after making the direct issue to the
hospitals, the money value of the rations returned
by the commissary for the benefit of this Lincoln
hospital was $3,065 14; for the Harewood hospi-
tal $5,921 92; and for the Carver hospital §5,262 5S
That was the hospital fund after the direct issues
had been made to the soldiers
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa has read lists showing what the
hospitals are paid at the commissary department
Now, sir, most of those articles are in the law
now as part of the ration. The law provides that
they shall be furnished to the men in the field and
the hospitals everywhere.
