1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Qoes the Senator mean
to say that milk and eggs are a part of the ration ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The law
passed by this Congress authorizes the purchase
of milk and eggs and articles of that land for the
hospitals. It is no part of the ration. They are
a part of what the law now furnishes for these
men. As to providing furniture, stoves, beds, and
articles of that kind for the men, they constitute
no part of the food. I should be willing, how-
ever, to amend the bill by striking out thirty and
inserting twenty-five cents as the commutation
price of the ration.
But the Senator says, also, that some of these
hospitals have funds; that they have made money.
Sir, you will find that the hospitals that have made
money on the present ration are the worst man-
aged hospitals in the count! y, and are so regarded.
In some of those cases the fund has been taken
aw;\y from the hospitals and placed in other hos-
pitals by the Surgeon General. The men have
bef-n stinted to make a fund.
I want this question to be fairly understood. It
is necessary to increase t he commutation price of
the ration if we undertake to carry out this diet
t table. Ifwe abandon that, and let the ration stand
! as it is, we shall get along as we do at present
with the hospitals. I am told to-day by theSui-
geon Geneial that if it had not been for what has
been furnished by sanitary commissions and by
the people there would have been great suffering
in many of the hospitals. I believe it; I have not
a doubt of it; and 1 am told so by other persons
who are familiar with the hospitals.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, what is
the proposition before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking outtho fifth section of the bill, which will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Bfc. 5. Jbidbc it further cnactcd, That the chief medical
director of departments and armies m the field, and the
senior burgeon on duty in the Suijieon General's Office, reg-
ulaily so assigned by the War Department upon the detail
of the Surgeon General, shall have the rank, pay, and emol-
uments, each, of a colonel of cavalry.
Mr. WILKINSON. I submitted that motion
yesterday to strike out that section. 1 have noticed
ever since this war commenced, that whenever
there was a desire on the part of some men to get
alarger salary than anybody knew any thing about,
they were anxious to get the pay of a captain,
major, or colonel of cavalry. Now, here is a clerk,
a surgeon in the Surgeon General's Office, who,
accoiding to this section, is to be allowed for five
horses with forage at eight dollars per month;
making forty dollars per month to feed five horses
for a clerk in the Surgeon General's Office. It
amounts in all to over three thousand and twelve
dollars per year. Sir, I think that section should
be stricken out. 1 do not see why an officer who
does nothing further than the duties which are im-
posed upon the officers enumerated in this section,
should reccive the pay, emoluments, rations, for-
age, &c., of a cavalry officer in the field.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Minnesota is certainly mistaken about
the five horses. If he will refer to the law of the
last session, he will find that they were cut down
to three for a colonel; and he will find further that
the forage of officers is not commuted; it must be
taken in kind; and I take it there are very few men
who will keep a horse for the sake of getting for-
age from the Government.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
what I am told is the practice in this city among
officers who are entitled to such emoluments as
this bill provides for. They go to a livery stable
and make a sham purchase of horses there, and
take their forage and sell it to the persons with
whom they made these sham sales. The law says
they shall receive their forage in kind; and this is
the way they whip the devil round the stump. I
presume a very shrewd officer who wished to get
all that the lasv allowed him, would find some way
to get his pay for these things.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The law
allows a colonel to have two horses, not three. I
have the law before me.
Mr. WILKINSON. I read from the Army
He^*is tc r
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The law
provides—
•* Major generals shall be entitled to draw forage in kind
for five horses; brigadier generals for four horses; colonels,
lieutenant colonels, and majors, for two horses each; cap-
tains and lieutenants of cavalry and artillery, or having the
cavalry allowance, for two horses each ; ana chaplains for
one horse only.?
Colonels have two horses under this law, and
they cannot commute ihe forage; they have to
draw it in kind. Now, it mayJfce, sir, (I hope it
is not so, for the credit of humtrarnnture,) that an
officer, with the commission of the United States in
his pocket, will make an arrangement suchas was
suggested by the Senator from Minnesota; but if
there be such a man, he is a disgrace to the Army"
of the United States, and he ought to be kicked
dishonorably out of the service" at once. There
is no language to describe an act of that kind.
Mr. WILKINSON. I agree fully with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, but I should like to ask
that Senator if he dues not believe that officers
wearing epaulets upon their shoulders have done
and are doing to-day as dishonorable things; that
they are robbing and plundering the Government
and receiving pay for services which they do not
render to the nation ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor asks me what 1 believe. I do not know that
it is so; it is hard to believe; but, sir, there are
evidences that men in the military service of this
country have done acts that would forever blast
the reputation of any respectable man, a^nd that
we have more of thieving, more of plundering,
more that is dishonorable, more mere little petty
partisanship in the military service than we have
in all the nation beside. 1 have no doubt of that;
but, at the same time, I believe the great portion of
the officers of the Army and of the volunteers to
be men of integrity and character devoted to their
profession. That there are some miserable crea-
tures who have got commissions in the service,
who are disgracing the service and disgracing the
country, we all admit.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to hesitate
before we strike out this section of the bill, i
know that at the last session we reorganized the
quartermaster's departmentand the commissary's
department, and we granted additional pay to the
men who do service in those departments. I do
not know why the medical department is not in-
cumbered with as much service, is not doing as
much as those departments to the officers of which
we have allowed increased rank and pay. The
medical department is at least doing all it can do.
I remember that Major Sibley, in the quartermas-
ter's department, was made a colonel; and so with
others, who did precisely the same work after
they received their promotion as they had done
before; but as a compensation in some measure
for the immense labor pressed upon them by the
exigencies of this war, we have consented that
they should be promoted. I askSenators, if they
intend to be fair to every bianch of the service,
whether they will strike down the medical depart-
ment in this regard, and allow promotion to the
officers in other departments.
This bill,with those already passed, only allows
one Assistant Surgeon General and three medical
inspectors general, and sixteen inspectors with the
rank of lieutenant colonel. 1 think we ouglit not
to discriminate against any of these departments
of the service. Formerly, in time of peace, the
medical department expended only about $60,000
a year. 4jVe are working now under an estimate
of $12,000,000 for that department, and yet wo
have not given them either additional clerical force
or additional pay or rank to their officers, as we
have done in the other departments of the service.
1 think if there is any oneof them that commends
itself to the favorable action of Congress, it is this
branch of the service. The way they are able to
employ clerical help in this department is by de-
tailing some hospital steward who gets $600 or
§800 a year to perform clerical service for which
other departments pay men $1,200 or $1,400 or |
$1,600 a year. They are obliged to*feconomize in !
that way. Then, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts says, not being allowed enough assistant
surgeons m the Army, they have to employ citi-
zen surgeons, not only to do clerical work, but to
take care of the men in the hospitals.
I do not believe there will be any extraordinary
expenses incurred under the fifth section of the
bill. St may amount to $3,000 a year, as is said;
but there are only five officers in all affected by it.
I can only say now in regard to this particular
section of the bill—I may nave something to say
in regard to fcther sections hereafter—-that we
should do for this branch of the service, what w&
have done for the quartermaster's andfCom^is-.s
sary's departments; and it is an invidious distinct
tion to do otherwise. - . - ;
Mr. WILKINSON. I am in %vor of $oitig
things directly. 1 do not like to cover up my acts,
or my votes here by any phraseology which its
not clear and plain, and understood by every man
who may read a bill for which I vote. If the
Senate wishes to give these officers $1,000, $1,§00,
$2,000, $3,000, or $5,000 a year, why not say bo?
I am opposed to giving them the emoluments of
a colonel of cavalry, when there is scarcely a man
in the United States who knows what those emol-
uments are. I hope that the section will be ay-icken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota to strike out the fifth sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 13; tfs follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Hums, Henderson, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of
Kansas, Powell, Uice, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Turple, Wade,
Wall. Wilkinson, and Wibon of Missouri—26.
NAYS—Mcssis. Browning, Carlile, Cowan, Dixon, Fos-
ter, Hardin?, King, Latham, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Sumner, and Wilson of Massachusetts—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to amend the first
section of the bill by inserting the words "sick
and wounded" before the word soldiers"in the
third line; by adding the word " when" atthe end
of the third line; by striking out, in the fourth line,
the words " at thirty cents per ration," and insert-
ing " estimated at an amount twenty-five percent,
above the contract priccat the post where the hos-
pital is located, when this amotmt may be found
necessary for the comfort of patients.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on the amend-
ments separately.
Mr. HARLAN. My f^st amendment is to in-
sert, after the words " rations of" and before the
word " soldiers," in the third line of the first sec-
tion, the words " sick and wounded."
Mr. KING. I suggest to the Senator from !ow$
whether it is not better to have a definite sum fixed.
I am willing to fix it at thirty cents a ration. I
prefer that a regular rate should be fixed for the
commutation of the rations of the soldiers in the
hospitals. Then, if the soldier does not need it,
the money undrawn will go back to the Treasury.
But by the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
you impose a condition which makes it necessary
for somebody to ascertain whether a certain rat©
shall be allowed or not. 1 think it better to fixa
figure, name the amount to be drawn, and let them
draw that without a previous ascertainment and
estimate by anybody.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from New York are not strictly
applicable to this part of the amendment.
Mr. KING. I referred to that part of the
amendment requiring an estimate of the amount
of rations.
Mr. HARLAN. In reply to his remark, how-
ever, I will say that 1 have been informed at the
Department that the contract for rations at some
of the military posts of the Government is more
than thirty cents. The price of a ration varies.
The commissary stores are usually bought after
advertisement in open market, from the lowest
bidder; so that at Washington city the contract
price is eighteen cents. 1 think some Senatorre-
maiked this morning that in New Mexico it is
thirty-one ccnts, and at other posts it varies. In-
creasing the amount to be paid to the fund, of the
hospital twenty-five or thirty percent, will enable
the superintendent of the hospital to procure the
proportional increase of rations for the sick at
each, on principles strictly equitable. To fix the
cost at thirty cents, for example, would diminish
the ration for the sick in New Mexico below the
cost of the ration for the well soldier; while here
it would increase it sixty-six per cent., and per-
haps at other posts would double it. I propose to
insert the words, sick and wounded," so as to
exclude those from this increase who are not sick
or wounded, who are acting as nurses and in other
capacities in the hospitals, who draw their rations
in kind. And at all times the rations are not com-
