1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
patronage of the national Government are cbiofly
distributed. They are men of talent, culture,
ubiquity, and intense activity—an activity and
ubiquity that supply the place of numbers. Some
of our pulpits and presses catch and reflect the
glow of their fiery zeal. These, Mr. Speaker, are
not Puritans, nor the children of the Puritans.
They have wandered from the fold and faith of
their fathers. Government, to them, has no root
in the divine will or counsels. They cannot un-
derstand the libei ty of obedience. They do not
recognize the truth that the powers that be are
ordained of God. Some of them have substituted
a diluted Platonism or German pantheism for the
Gospel of Jesus Christ, and mutual admiration
for the worship of Almighty God. But those
men do not represent the mind or heart of New
England, or its material or moral forces. The
condition of things with us is not more the fruit
of the activity of the radical than of the supinc-
ness and neglect of duty of the conservative men
of New England. They have been warned of the
coming perils, and have either failed to foresee
and gauge them, or have shrunk from the con-
flicts necessary to avert them. We cannot now
escapc without much tribulation and suffering,
nor is it just that we should. We hold our insti-
tutions at a price we would not pay—sleepless
vigilance. We were not faithful to our sacied
trusts; we permitted visionary theorists, section-
al partisans, flu-eaters and ladicals, North and
South, to administer a Govern merit founded in con-
cession, conciliation,and compromise, and which
we knew, or ought to have known, could never be
upheld and maintained in any other spirit than that
in which it was founded. These men had power
to raise the storm; they have no pilot to weather
it. The ship is drifting, no firm hand at the helm,
between anarchy and despotism. Oh for the mas-
ter spirit to say to the waves, 44 peace ! be still!"
Mr. Speaker, the people of New England me
for the moat part a law-loving, a law-abiding peo-
ple. They love liberty, but they know it can be
had only m obedience to l:iw, obedience of those
who make and those who execute the laws. They
have the largest possible stake m the present
Union of the States. They do not, cannot fail to
see that under any reconstruction of the Govern-
ment they have nothing to gain, everything to
lose. They will hear, reflect, give heed to the
voice of reason and duty. They cannot be moved
by scoffs and sneets; they cannot be diiveu.
They make putt of the Union. The largest sac-
rifices to win and secure it were those of then-
fathers. Its priceless blessings are theirs in trust
for their children. They will be faithful to that
trust. The attempt from other States to exclude
them from their inheritance would inaugurate a
war compared with which nil we have seen of this
would be but as ministrations of mercy, if those
holding power in New England shall use it or try
to use it to sever us from the (Jiuon, or to consent
even to sepaiation, they will hear in evety city,
town,and village,on every plain and lull-top, the
cry which was rungouton the 19th of April, 1775,
"to arms'*' The men of New England have sworn
by the God of their fatheis that neither secession
nor abolition shall rob them of their birthright.
Mr. Speaker, I have trespassed too long upon the
indulgence of tin" House, without having touched
the grounds of attack upon the social and personal
character of the Puritans and their descendants.
It is scarcely necessary. " By their ft uits ye shall
know them. Do men gather grapes of thorns or
figs of thistles?" I will, however, glance at one
or two points of attack which have had their ef-
fect upon those who have not been with us, and
do not know us or our history.
Upon no point is attack more fi equent or error
more prevalent thon upon the social position, the
culture and mamx-rs ot the Puritans. The asso-
ciation of Puiitamsm with rudeness and coarse-
ness of taste and manners has really no higher
source than the d"j^ei el of Butler, and the sneeis
of Hume and other apologists for the house of
Stuart. In birth, culture, manners, and wealth,
the Puritans wen- among the best gentlemen of
England. Need I recall to your recollection Hamp-
den and Waller, the Eail of Essex, Manchester
Fairfax, Han y Vane, and John Milton, not less
the world's* greatest epic poet than the gentleman
trained to all the graceful arts o! ins time? Need
I remind you of the fact that the aggregate wealth
of the third House of Commons of Charles I—a
Puritan House—was estimated to be three times
that of the House of Lotds? Need I refer you
to the beautiful picture~of a Puritan household in
the Life of the young regicide, Colonel Hutchin-
son, by his accomplished and devoted wife? I
may even suggest that the sober garb of the Puri-
tans has descended to the gentleman of England,
and the lace and embroidery to his servant. If
you desire fui ther to examine the subject—of little
moment, I confess, in a country so democratic as
ours—I invite you to read an admirable paper on
this point m Sanford's Studies of the Great Re-
bellion, or the ninth chapterof the first volume of
Palfrey *s History of New England, a work worthy
of its great theme.
Puritanism, like other movements, political or
religious, suffered from counterfeits. When its
principles had triumphed, coarse, vulgar, greedy
men assumed its garb and debased and dishonored
it; as men assume now devotion to the fieedom of
the slave whose real devotion is to contracts for
spavined horses and rotten vessels. Canters, self-
seekers, wolves in sheep's clothing, men with long
prayers and longer visages, followed* in the path
of victory to clutch its spoils. The true Puritan
was sober, godly, self-denying, feeling he had a
divine work to do, and doing it with nis might.
To say that he did not attain to his own ideal of
duty is to say that he was very like sensible and
good men of later times of larger light and pre-
tensions.
Another alleged obnoxious trait of character of
the Puritan (and his descendant) is his love of
money and craft in getting it. I meet the allega-
tion at the threshold; 1 take issue on the fact; I
utterly deny it. I have had opportunity to know
something of the people of New England in the
different callings and paths of life, and something
of men on both sides of the water. 1 have studied
man with some diligence in history. The New
Englander ("Yankee," if you please,) loves to get
money. He wants success m eveiythmg to which
he puis his hand, and he is veiy apt to succeed.
He has thrift and providence. He lays by for the
rainy day and shady slope of life. He abhors a
vacant pocket and the dependence which attends
it; but as a race no men are more honest in get-
ting money or more liberal in the use of it than
the men of New England. Libeial in their own
households, and in every work of kindness and
Chiistian charity, no people live belter or give
more fi eely, or understand better that to do cither
a wi.se economy is necessary. Of course I am
spea king of the general rule, which, like every rule,
has its exceptions. Every soil has its crop of
hucksters and petty craftsmen. Ours are peripa-
tetic, and are very apt to emigrate South or West.
Some find their way to Government agencies, and
a few half way back—to Washington.
The New Englander is said also to be an inter-
meddler. How far politically he has concerned
himself with ihe rights and interests of other por-
tions of the country I have had occasion briefly
to suggest. Upon the matter ot slavery i cannot
deny that a portion of our people have tiespassed
beyond the just bounds of State comity. But I
cannot forget that the bearing of the slaveholders
toward the people of the North has naturally pro-
voked hostility, and that from the sparks emitted
in the colhsionsof extreme men on either side the
fires of civil strife have been kindled. As an in-
dividual, theNcw Englander hascmiosky largely
developed. He loves to know what is going on
in the world. He is inquisitive. But these quali-
ties are not peculiar to him. They were found in
the first man and woman and will be in the last.
But out of the rind of one apple tasted , said John
Milton, the knowledge of good and the knowl-
edge of evil leaned forth into the world as twins
cleaving together. With all his interest to know
what is going on in his neighboihood, he wor-
ships the god of boundaries and will not remove
the ancient landmarks. No man lespccts more
constantly the division-line between his own and
another's right.
i conclude, Mr. Speaker, with a single sugges-
tion. It is that under our system of Government
—many States and one nation—dideiences of cul-
ture, manners, domestic uistituuous,ofeiimateand
its productions,and of forms of industry, may be
reconciled if there be the spirit of conciliation.
Nay, more, experience is rapidly developing the
truth that in that diversity has been our^ecurity,
•* All nature's difference makes all nature's peace."
Those differences all removed, the probable result
would be theabsorption of the powersof the States
in the central Government, towaid which our
steps are tending. TheStatesgone,orstnpped of
their most important functions, the central pow-
er, call it#repubhc or by any other name you
please, would be in substance a despotism.
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY.
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Speaker, the state of the
Union being under consideration, 1 claim the in-
dulgence of the House while I consider that
question in general, and some other things in
particular.
Sir, on the 5th day of last January I offered
for adoption the folio wing resolutions:
Resolved, That this IIousc earnestly deshes the moat
speedy and effectual mea^iies to be taken to pat down the
rebellion; that any proposition for peace or cessation of
hostilities at this lime, on any terms other than mi uncon-
ditional submission of the rebels imw in arm* against the
Government, to the lequirements of the Constitution and
laws, would he pusillanimous and traitorous that the mem-
bers of tins IIou&c do hereby {rive the most earnest assur-
ances to the people of the United States that they will
cheeifully cooperate with the Piestdent, a« Cominander-in-
Chiefof the Aimy and Navy, in any measures he may deem
pioper, sanctioned by the Constitution and the laws of civ-
ilized wart,ire, to «trcn«ihen the military power ot our gal-
lant soldiers in the field defending the Government, and to
weaken that of the eneinv laboring to de-«tioyit.
Resolved, That the only alternative Government can or
ought at this time to offei to rebels is '' submit or be con-
quei ed."
When these resolutions were introduced for the
consideration of the House, I supposed they were
of such a character that every member would
gladly vote for them. In this, however, 1 was
mistaken; for no sooner were they presented than
my colleague from the Dayton district [Mr. Val-
landigham] interposed his objection, and under
the uiles they had to go over. Why this objec-
tion ? Is theie anything in the resolutions that any
man loyal to the Constitution, and wishing to put
down the rebellion, could not vote for? If there
is, I have failed to discover it. I must say, how-
ever, whatever I may think of the policy piusued
by my colleague, that he has been from the first
a consistent opposer of every measure for the sup-
pression of the rebellion. Prom the raising of
troops to defend the capital, the providing of money
to pay our gallant men in the field in defense of
their'Government and ours, to the confiscation of
rebel property, all have alike received his unqual-
ified opposition. No measures of the President
and his Administration to put down the lcbellion
have ever commanded the support of the gentle-
man, but have at nil times received his warm de-
nunciation. Consistency, therefore, is a jewel that
my colleague [Mr. Vallandiciiam] can wear,
whether honestly or dishonestly J will not say.
It is claimed by him that he is honest in his course
of action. If may be that he is. Judas claimed
to be honest, but he betrayed the Son of man with
a kiss; £<\ul, ''yet breathing out threatentngs and
slaughter against the disciples of the Lotd,"
claimed to be honest; hut mankind have very gen-
erally come to the conclusion that if these men
were honest, they were honestly in the commis-
sion of a very great crime. Noio my colleague
appears  ns the angel of peace. On the 15th day
ofDecember, 1859, while the contest for Speaker
was going on in this House, my colleague said:
" Sit, I am as <.'oort a western fuc-catcr as the very hot-
e&tmembei from the South."
No talk of peace then. War! war! was the mu-
sic that entertained our ears from the gentleman.
And again he says in the same speech:
uThe controveisy m this Hail ha^ been of a character,
and inline rits have been avowed. \\ Inch have cau-ed the
N'orth and South to -tand fmayed in ho-tihty against each
other, and disunion has been threatened. I occupy be-
tween the-c p;ulies a position ot armed ncutiality. Iam
not a northern man. 1 have no sympathy with the Noilli,
and veiv hul" cood feclimr with the Noiih. and I am hound
to it by no tie wliarevei. " But 1 am bound to liie South ; I
am identified with the South and hei Maw institution, and
at tln-5 paincular time, when she i- In the mid-t of msur-
lection and minder, and when <.he i^ threatened with the
torch of the incendiary, and ha<< tiie knue ot the assassin
su-perided over her, f am with tier, heait and foul."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do I understand
my colleague to quote that as an extract from a
speech delivered by me in this House?
Mr. 13LAKE. I do, sn ; ftom a speech deliv-
ered by you m this House, and as leported in the
New Yoik Herald. 1 have the Herald now be-
fore me.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is not true. It
is taken from the false report of a newspaper sent
