THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
fntftcS for the inmates of hospitals. It is not al-
ways found possible by the superintending offi-
cers at a hospital to commute the rations. They
are "compelled sometimes to draw them in kind.
I am informed by the chairman of the Military
Committee that they very frequently do draw in
kind. I know this to be true at the hospitals con-
nected with the afmies in the field. Our wounded
an& sick men are frequently compelled to live on
the.hard bread and salt meat that is furnished for
the well men in the ranks, because the officers find
it absolutely impossible to procure anything else.
And as my attention has been drawn to this feat-
ure of the subject, I will now state what I in-
tended to remark when a resolution was pending
that was offered by the Senator from New Jer-
sey"!
Much that is said of the sufferings of our troops,
sick and well, i think reflects unjustly on our offi-
cerst. For the purpose of correcting evils that
exist at our hospitals in the field, kind-hearted
gentlemen and ladies always represent them as
strongly as the facts will justify for the purpose
of eliciting necessary attention to secure their
correction or removal. Now, I might illustrate
what I mean by referring to the convalescent c<tmp
across the river, mentioned by the Senator from
New Jersey, which I have visited in person. I
khow the facts have existed there that were men"
tioned by the Senator last evening. Convalescent
soldiers have been put into tents there without
blankets, without btdt., and without necessary
clothing. At the time I last visited that camp, there
were about eighteen thousand convalescent sol-
diers in it. Perhaps ninety-nine in every hundred
of thenf were living more comfortably than the
majority of them live at home,and yet there were
some who were without overcoats, and without
blankets, and without beds of tiny kind. Baton
inquiring of the proper officer for the cause, 1 as-
certained that thele destitute men had come there
or that very day, or the day preceding, without
previous notice, so that it was not yet possible
for them to draw the necessary supplies from'lie
proper department, R^t they were not suffering
on uccountof this destitution Although they had
no overcoats that belonged to them in person, and
no blankets, they were using blankets borrowed
from other soldiers who had more than enough.
H was said, yesterday, that they were compelled
to wleep on brush. Mr. President, this may ap-
pear to those who have nevei lived in the open air
like a great cruelty. But, Mr. President, I have
livid, for months together, m the open field, not
as a Soldier, but in u situation where I hud to
provide for myself and my associates, far beyond
ihv settlemeuis. I h.ue had some experience on
this subject, and I will say to the Senator from
New Jersey that I would very much prefer to
sleep oiwi bed of brush than a bed of boards. It
i  very far from being an uncomfortable bed, if
• men know bow to make it. Soft brush, covered
with straw or blankets, makes an excellentcouch,
Air more comfortable than wo always find in city
hotels, and on which men may repose more
pleasantly than a majority of us at home, as com-
fortably as many of uh do in our own dwellings.
Some are doubtless not properly provided for,
and suffer great hardships. These cases are com-
paratively few, and are temporary, and are gen-
erally corrected as speedily as circumstances will
permit.
- f t rs the recitation of these extreme cases winch
1 think does Lhe service a great damage m the
country. Benevolent gentlemen a,nd ladies, with-
outaknowlfidge of all the facts and circumstances,
fched tears over the sufferings of our soldiers,
and recite them to their neighbors, and create im-
pressions which do great injustice to the officers
m charge. H is said that there has been much
suffering in that encampment. 1 have no doubt
there has been; but it has been of this exceptional
character. Men have been sent there from bat-
tle-fields who have lost their clothing and blankets !
during the engagement, or threw them away in 1
flight. Foi the first day or the first night, before
the officers have been able to diaw suitable cloth-
ing and blankets from the quartermasters de-
partment, they have been compelled to borrow or
sleep with their brother soldiers; and in tents that
have not been provided With bfturd flooring, they
have cut boughs or branches of trees, and m this
way provided for themselves what waSj in fact*
s'Vgry comfortable place to sleep. ,
In that encampment, when I visited it, I have
found numbers of our Government teams—four
and six horse teams, mule teams—constantly em-
ployed in hauling wood to the doors-of the tents
occupied by these men. Besides this, the en-
campment is in the timber; they are surrounded
with groves. 1 cannot be made to believe
that convalescent men—for these are not sick men,
they are men who are able to take care of them-
selves—*will be likely to suffer rnuch for the want
of stoves, when they can have wood for the cut-
ting, and are surrounded by timber. There are
cases of suffering, and very frequently these cases
of suffering arise on account of the prodigality of
the soldiers themselves. It is much more pleas-
ant to praise our brave troops in the field than to
speak of their faults; but we find men in civil life
that have faults, and some of these men unfor-
tunately find their way to the Army. There are
soldiers who, for a glass of grog, will sell their
blankets or coats, and then come to the agent of a
sanitary commission or a State agency and make
most piteous appeals for a&sistancc on account of
their destitution. Why, sir, it is known to those
who have investigated this subject personally,
that they often sell their munitions; that they
carry their cartridges to traders and sell them for
spirits, tobacco, or other httle luxuries they may
desire. Not unfrequently these men have de-
serted from theArmy,and have been arrested here
at the depot and have been sent to the convales-
cent encampment to await the necessary-means of
trans pot tat ion to then regiments. For the purpose
of  luding the vigilance of the proper officers of the
Government, they throw away their blankets and
their overcoats, «wap off all their military garb,
i and secure citizens5 dress of a far inferior eharae-
; tor, and of course suffer during severe weather if
i arrested and returned; and persons visiting this
• encampmentand seeing these parties thus lmprop-
| erly clad, are melted into tears on account of their
^ sufferings, when it lias all been brought about by
i their own folly, prodigality, or ciime, for which,
if the Articles of War were ugoiously enforced,
; they would bo shot. A careful examination of
| these cases of suffering will establish the fact that
' officers of the Army, medical and otherwise, are
not the inhuman characters we might be induced
, to believe fiom some remarks which have been
| dropped even in the Senate. There are bad and
i incompetent officers, doubtless, at many of these
hospitals, but I believe a large majority of them
do the very best it is possible for Christian, hu-
mane gentlemen to do under the circumstances by
which they aie surrounded. The physicians in
charge of the hospitals connected with the armies
in the field, of course are not always able to pro-
vide the necessaries feu* the sick and wounded
men, nor are the commissaries always able to do
so for the well men. The casualties of war ne-
cessarily produce these difficulties; and I suppose
that the troops, when they enter the service, do it
with a tolerable comprehension of the hardships
which they may be called upon occasionally to
suffer. They expect it, and endure it without a
munnur when they know it cannot be remedied,
I have reason to believe, and do believe, that there
is far less complaining among the soldiers them-
selves in the field than by friends at home. I
think that this increase of the price of rations as
proposed by the bill, when commuted,ffc proper
and ought to be made, but I think it should be
done on the principle on which the ration itself
has been heretofore commuted—an increase on
the contract price. If twenty-five per cent, is not
enough, make it thirty per cent, or fifty per cent.,
but let it be made in such a way as to recognize
| and establish the principle on which the sick men
j of the Army have hitherto been provided for, the
i wisdom of which experience has confirmed.
( Perhaps I shall save time by saying now what
, f intend to say in relation to the remaining sec-
Hons of the hill. It, is said that we are now em-
, ploying about fifteen hundred physicians bycon-
tract that have not been mustered regularly into
i the service of the United States. This bill pro-
! P°ses to employ a less number permanently. It
j has been inquned, why should this be done?
| Mr. President, I will respond. These contract
I surgeons are not with the Army. They are liv-
J ing at home, usually^ in the largo cities, and are
| called into service after a great battle. It is fre-
j auently impossible for these physicians to reach
I the s'centa of distress fol* twt> or threfe duyg aftfcy
their services are needed. This was true at the
scene of the last battle near Fredericksburg. I
have been informed by physicians who aided in
dressing the wounds and cai ing for the disabled
men after tH&t battle, that many hundreds of them
were brought across the river and placed on the
ground in the open air, where many of them re-
mained more than twenty-four hours before they
could possibly receive the slightest aid. All of
the few surgeons who could be spared from the
wounded still on the otherside of the liver worked
at the amputation tables until they sank with ex-
haustion, before necessary surgical aid could reach
them from this city and the city of Philadelphia.
The few surgeons present were compelled to go
over the long rows of wounded men and call out
such as they thought might certainly be saved by
surgical aid, and to totally neglect hundreds of
the doubtful and desperate cases that might pos-
sibly have been saved if necessary medical aid
had been afforded in time.
Now, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs proposes to add to the regular Army
and to the volunteer armies an increased number
of surgeons permanently, that they may be with
the Army, that they may he on hand at the time
their services are needed. It will necessarily in-
volve a very large expenditure of money; but then
it will be an expenditure in the right direction.
Nothing, in my opinion, could justify the defeat of
this necessary measure; and nothing would stimu-
late our brave troops to fight gallantly on every
battle-field more than the assli ranee that if casu-
alties should occur they would certainly leceive
prompt attention to assuage suffering, and when
possible, to preserve life; that they would not be
required, if wounded, to lie for days before they
could receive the aid and attention which they
would need.
I shall therefore vote for the bill when it shall
have been amended so as to secure the perfection
which doubtless every Senator desires, I think
the amendment which I have proposed is rightas
it stands. I shall not, however, strenuously ob-
ject to the modification suggested by the Senator
from New York, who has had more experience on
this subject, and whose opinions, on account of
superior knowledge, are entitled to greater respect.
Mr. TEN EYOK. I merely wish to say on
this collateral issue, in a very few words indeed,
that I should exceedingly rejoice to find that the
suggestions made by me yesterday in lelation to
the condition of the so-called convalescent camp
or hospital were all exaggerations, even at the risk
of being regarded as Raving made use of hasty
expressions and having exhibited too much sym-
pathy for manhood on that occasion; for nothing
would rejoice me more than to know that all our
volunteer troops engaged in the cause in which
they are now engaged, are taken care of, and their
comfort fully and properly seen to. Ypt, sir, if
those remarks shall lead to an investigation and
to an inquiry, or can have the slightest effect to
that end, I shall deem that I have been performing
my duty to at least a very large numberof troops
who have been sent to that camp, under the name
of convalescents, from the State which I have the
honor, in pait,to represent. If I have not been
misinformed by persons in whom I place the very
highest credit, instead of those Cases to which [
have alluded being isolated ones, large numbers,
even amounting to scores, have, within a recent
period, occupied the deplorable position to which
l referred yesterday; but if such be not the fact,
I shall be most agreeably disappointed and most
highly gratified. I believe that within the last
week, instead of only here and there a sick soldier
being required to lie upon the brush, which the
Senator from Iowa seems to prefer to any other
kind of bed, or to regard as being equal to any
other, many men have been required to do it—
men in a state of sickness, in a stale of physical
debility, without having time to recuperate the
system, without bed or bed clothing, with the
thermometer below zero. I f that be a kind of bed
desirable for a sick soldier or for a man in health,
it must be in consequence of some accustomed
piactiee inuring a man to such conditions of life,
and not the ordinary state of the human system,
or of men occupying the positions that our volun-
teer soldiers do in this country.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to ask the honorable Senator precisely what
I understand him to mean by this system. Doos
