m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
and forty-two thousand dollars in a single item,
eVen according to the present ration at eighteen
cents. That is a matter of computation; but if
the ration is increased it will make over four mil-
lions.
Mr. GRIMES. Thegentleman to whom 1 have
referred is connected with the Army. J think he
has looked into this subject as thoroughly as the
gentleman to whom the Senator from Massachu-
setts has referred, and his computation is some-
what similar—I cannot remember the exact fig-
ures—to that which has been just stated by the
Senator froth Ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is cor-
rect. It will cost about that amount.
Mr. GRIMES. What are the regulations of
the Department now ? I have in my hand a circu-
lar issued by the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, by which it appears that the commis-
sary who attends to a hospital is authorized to
purchase, on the requisition of the medical officer
in charge, to any amount not exceeding the hos-
pital credit at the time, certain delicacies of food
needed for the proper diet of the sick, such as
chickens, eg^s, &c., not furnished for use as part
of a ration; and certain articles required for use
in hospitals, such as knives, forks, spoons, &c.,
but not provided for by any of the military de-
partments of the service. Now, what is the prac-
tice under that rule which I have just read? Why,
trir, I have before me various vouchers that have
come from the hospitals in this city in which it is
Shown that these surgeons purchase to any ex-
tent that they choose just such articles as they
choose, which they believe will be of advantage
to the patients under their charge—brown-stout,
ale, porter, brandy, chickens, eggs, to a fabulous
extent, and articles of that description. Not only
so, sir, but these surgeons are in the habit of
trenching, I apprehend, upon the authority of the
quartermaster's department. I hold in my hand
ft voucher for eighty yards of cotton matting—
a matter which belongs to the commissary de-
partmcntor the quartermaster's department; four
and a half yards of drugget, mats, matting; and
then for putting down the matting, $64 74, the
whole amount of the bill being $438 98. These
Burgeons now furnish, under some authority—
I suppose they find it somewhere—exactly what
they believe the hospitals need. If there be any
necessity for any further action, I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts to let us vote upon something
specific. Let him propose to enlarge the scope
of the fourteenth section of the act of July, 18G1,
including in that whatever lie wants, and "then we
shall know when we come to make an appVopri-
ation what properly belongs to the commissary
. department, what properly belongs to the Sur-
geon General's department, and what, proper!v
belongs to the quartermaster's dcpmtment. Eacfi
one will act in iiis own sphere; each one will be
held responsible for his own conduct; and 1 think
the harmony of the departments will be bcttei
preserved than by any attempt at legislation such
as is here" sought to be accomplished.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Minnesota
consents to a different modification of my amend-
ment, which I request the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in section
one, line four, to strike out the words u commuted
at thirty cents per ration," and to insert:
When commuted, estimated at amount twenty-five
per cent, above the contract price ;if the post where any
hospital may b« located, when this amount may be found
necessary for the comfort of the patients.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota proposes to amend the amend-
ment by adding, after the word " hospital," the
words "and camp."
Mr. HARLAN. I agree to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. You can-
not carry that out.
Mr. HARLAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs says we cannot carry
out that provision. £ was of a different impres-
sion; but if he says so, I will not consent to adopt
tb  amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion 38 on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment to the
second section of the bill, which has been pre-
pared not by myself, but by those who have in
charge the interests of this department. It does
not increase any officers; it does not increase any
pay or give additifftal rank. It simply system-
atizes and reduces to a system similar to that in
Great Britain, the different branches of the med-
ical department of the Army. The amendment
was prepared in the Surgeon General's Office, has
been thoroughly discussed there, meets their en-
tire approval, and calls for no extra expense. It
is in section two, to strike out the words, " that
there shall be added to the present medical corps
of the Army one Assistant Surgeon General, two
medical inspectors general," and to insert:
That the Suigeon General shall, immediately after the
passage of this act, select, subject to the appjoval ot the
Heeietary ot War, three medical officers ot the regular
Army or volunteer forces, who shall be assigned to duty in
the Suigeon General's Office as chiefs of the medical, sani-
tary, and statistical branches of the medical department, and
who shall have, under the direction of the Surgeon Genera!,
the control of all matters appertaining to those branches,
and who shall, with that officer, constitute a council of ad-
vice upon ail matters which may be referred to them by the
Surgeon General; ami in all cn&es in which the Surgeon
General shall deem it best to act contrary to the advice of
the council, lie shalf state his reasons therefor in writing,
so that the same may be a matter of permanent record ; and
the said chiefs} of blanches shall have, while acting a& ^ueh,
tfie rank, pav, and emoluments each of a colonel of cavnl-
iy, and shall rank in the medical department next to the
Surgeon Geneial.
Jltidbe it further cnacted, That the several (subjects of
the medical administration of the Army shall he apportioned
between the medical, the samtniy," and the statistical
branches of the Surgeon General's Office and the respective
chipfs of these branches as s,oon as possible alter the pas-
sage of this act. such apportionment to he subject to the
approval of the Secretary of War; and that there shall be
added to the present medical corps of the Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does that come in
ill the second section?
Mr. POMEROY. Thq^imendment is to strike
out the words, " that there shall be added to the
present medical corps of the Army one Assistant
Surgeon General, two medical inspectors gen-
eral,''and to appoint the three officers named in
the amendment; and then the balance of the sec-
tion comes in, " twenty stargeonsand forty assist-
ant surgeons," &c., just as the bill is printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this amendment is seri-
ously to be acted on, it ought to be printed, and
we must take time to look at it. 11 is impossible
to comprehend it now. It is an entire new plan
for the reorganization of the office of the Surgeon
General, which has never been before the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the com-
mittee lias considered it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it ought to be con-
sidered by the whole committee, m the first place;
and wc ought to have an opportunity tolookatit.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to say that our
eonfusionand difficulty here arise from this fact;
that every head of a bureau—I will not say every
one, but most of them—undertake to come di-
rectly to Congress with their recommendations,
and tieal with the committees and with individual
members. Jf there is any plan for reorganization,
or tor any increase of force or pay in any of these
Depaitmcnts it should come through the head of
the Department, the Secretary. Tarn told that a
high officcr was complaining to-day of this very
thing, which makes confusion in the offices, and
tends to create insubordination. One of the ideas
in this very plan is that the Surgeon General is
to designate officers to be appointed, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, goin^ out of the
ordinary course of proceeding, which is that these
officers shall be appointed by the President of the
United States. I object to these heads of bureaus
and offices undertaking to come here with their
recommendations to individual members, or to a
committee, and creating all this difficulty. I have
only to say, if I was at the head of a Department,
and any officer of a bureau under me should at-
tempt to deal with Congress in this way, I should
administer a lesson to him which he would not be
likely to forget if he held his office. It creates
confusion, tends to promote insubordination,and
is a bad thing in the whole.
All this matter with reference to the Surgeon
General 'sOffice,and the changes in it, should have
come to us from the Secretary of War, and should
have been recommended by him; and I think we
are doing very wrong when we take a different
course here or encourage it. It makes confusion.
We do not know whether this is approved by the
Secretary; we do not know whether he asks for it.
It is under his control; it is one of the bureaus in
his Department; and yet we do not know what
his opinions are on any of these projects* either
the increase of the number of officers, the rnr.ic <i-f
officers, the pay of officers, or anything of the kind.
I object to the whole proceeding, and shall con-
tinue to object, whether it conies from this office
or any other.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume that the manner of
appointing these officers is not a material thing.
The only question to be submitted is, whether wo
will organize the medical department of the Army
under this system. It is of no moment to the Sur-
geon General or to anybody else whether these
officers are appointed by the Secretary of War
or by the President. The principal thing in the
amendment is for the Senate to consider whether
they will systematize and organize this bureau in
the manner prescribed in this proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to say that the manner of the appointment of
these officers is material. It proposes to take that
power out of the hands of the regular appointing
officers and to put it into the hands of the Surgeon
General. It seems to be a proposition to allow
him to organize his own office independent of those
above him—a matter that should be rebuked at
onee and without hesitation. «
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing of that kind was
intended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not say whether it
was intended or not; but it looks that way, and
it is that.
Mr. POMEROY. We have been in the habit
of acting that way with the quartermaster's de-
partment and others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir: the Quartermas-
ter General has sent nothing here that was not
mentioned in the report-of the Department, and
to which attention was not called in the report.
Mr. POMEROY. I was sprnking of what was
done last session when we increased the*pay of
the clerks in his department.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If my colleague will
allow me, I should like to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Maine. If he will examine the
bill reorganizing the quartermaster's bureau, he
will find that it looks to giving the appointment
of the clerks to the quartet master, the head of the
bureau, in the very face of the Constitution of the
United States, as 1 have read it. I am very glad,
sir, that the Senator from Maine has called the
attention of the Senate to this evil of heads of
bureaus coming to Congress instead of the heads
of Departments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What do I
understand the Senator to say? I wish the Sen-
ator would make his statement again.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I stated that the bill
under discussion the other day looking to the reor-
ganization of the quartermaster's bureau,although
it does not clearly give the appointing power to the
head of that bureau, yet it looks in that direction
throughout. It does not in any part of it give the
power of appointment to the Secretary of War or
to the President of the United States, but seems to
look to the appointing power in the bureau.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to say there is no constitutional objection, be-
cause the Constitution expressly provides that the
appointment of inferior officers may be vested in
the heads of Departments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. " Heads-of Depart-
ments or in the courts of law."
Mr. COLLAMER. Not the head of a bureau.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is right
about that.
Mr, LAKE, of Kansas. The bill I refer to
looked in the direction of giving to the head of a
bureau the appointment of one or two hundred
clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this amendment, if
it meets with the approval of the Committee on
Military Affairs, will be adopted. If it does iiui,
I will not press it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
Senator had better not press that amendment. I
do not think it will be sustained by the Senatn,
and it is taking up precious time
