1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
have exhibited during this bloody war. Conscious of their ;
ability to maintain a separate and independent nationality;
disgusted with the malignity, fanaticism, and sordid spirit
of Now England; convinced that the South will accord
them the free navigation of the Mississippi, and that they
can never obtain thftt boot by force of aims, we are hope-
ful that the States of the Noithwest will speedily imitate
the example ot their southern brethien, and come out of
the disgraced, enfeebled, and bankiupi Union."
At this very time, sir, while New England is
generously furnishing men anil money to carry on
the war, to the suppression of the rebellion, and
while her brave troops are standing as a breast-
work between us and the rebels, protecting this
capital of the nation, men holding the highest po-
sitions are to be found who denounce that whole
section. Why, sir, if we did not know these men,
we would be justified in the conclusion that they
are in the pay and employ of the southern con-
federacy.
Mr. COX. Before^my colleague takes his seat
I should like to know from what he reads?
Mr. BLAKE. I read from the Caucasian. I
have put the extract in quotation marks. I will
do no injustice to my colleague. These remarks
are what my colleague [Mr. Cox] represents as
the sayings of the people of the Northwest.
Mr. COX. I have no fault to find with my col-
league for reading it. 1 however denounce some
of the language there used. Now, on this subject
of western hostility to New England, I have here
a statement which I should like my colleague to
explain along with his comments on my New
York speech. The statement is this:
" Wendell Phillips, in lus speech at Plymouth chinch last
week, alludes to a recent convocation with a Republican
^lfinber of Congress fioin Ohio, which looks us> it even
Ohio would go with the South if theie should be a divis-
ion. i One of the best men from Ohio,5 said Mr. Phillips."
Mr. BLAKE. That could not mean me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. [ do not know but that means you.
" One of the best men from Ohio,"said Mr. Phil-
lips, " representing one of the most advanced
districts/' .
Mr. BLAKE. That is my district.
Mr. COX. That is yours—" Republican to the
very coie." Is that yours?
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir; that is mine.
Mr. COX. But they elected a Democrat to the
next Congress from that district. [Laughter.]
u Himself the vanguaid of the party."
Mr. BLAKE. That is not me. I occupy a
position pretty far in the rear. [Laughter.] My
district elected a Democrat because some eight or
ten thousand men have gone from it to the war.
It is Republican still, whenever the soldiers are
permitted to vote.
Mr. COX. Well, I will read the statement:
" One of the be«*t men fiorn Ohio, paid Mr Phillip's, Re-
publican to thevety coie, lepresentingone of tin* mostad-
vanced district*, Republican to the vety eoie, himself the
vanguard of the paity, a^urod me that in case of sepai a-
tion, or anything that looked like it, every town in his dis-
trict would be divided, he would not say to blood, but the
next door to it, upon the question whether they should go
with the South, and not with New England or New Yoik.
So deeply has that lesson of noithern and western jealousy
penetrated the very best elements of western politics. Un-
der such circumstances we have no time to lose."
Wendell Phillips said that. Now, which one
of my colleagues had that conference with him?
Was it the gentleman from the western pert of the
State? Whoever it was, he goes further than I
went. He not only goes further in warning New
England against this growing feeling in the West,
but he seems to predict the disintegration of the
Union, against which we on this side have con-
stantly protested. Who was he?
Mr. BLAKE. In the first place, Wendell Phil-
lips is not a Republican.
Mr. COX. Does he tell the truth?
Mr. BLAKE, I believe Wendell Phillips to
be a talented and honest man; but he, in my judg-
ment, is frequently in error, and one grave one is
that he is not a Republican. He never has be-
longed to the Republican party. lie ignores that
party, to which all honest men ought, in my opin-
ion, to attach themselves.
Mr. COX. Then there are some honest, truth-
teliing men who do not belong to your party?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir, there are many, 1 am
sorry to say; I think they ought all to belong to
my party.
Mr. COX. I suppose so; the question now is,
however, did Wendell Phillips tell the truth or a
falsehood, and ifhe told the truth, who is the man
among my colleagues, in the 44 van of the Repub-
lican party," who said what was never even
charged against me in my New Yoik speech?
Mr. BLAKE. Not me, certainly. I lepeat
what I have already said, that Wendell Phillips
has no connection with the Republican party. I
know nothing of any such conversation with any
man on our side of the House, nor do I believe
any such conversation ever took place.
In the next place, I say to my colleague, that
whether Wendell Phillips said so or not, there is
no such sentiment in the West. It is not true that
there is any such prejudice as that against New
England among the people of Ohio. Theie is an
effort being made to bring about this state of feel-
ing m the State, but it will never succeed. We
look upon New England as a part of our country,
and feel honored by her high position. We look
upon her as the great light-thouse of our country,
and it is not true, I lepeat, that any respectable
portion of the people of the West ever have been
or ever can be induced to join in this tirade against
New England. It is true that among the patty of
sympathizers with the rebels, you may find men
who will join in such a cry, for the purpose of
aiding Jeff Davis, but nowhere else. You cannot
find it among any respectable class of people. I
repudiate and protest, in the name of the people,
against any such sentiment being attributed to any
portion of the people of Ohio, or of the West.
That is what I say, sir.
Mr. COX. The gentleman docs not answer
my question. Wendell Phillips states that such
a conversation was held with a Republican mem-
ber of this House from Ohm. Now, what I want
to know of my colleague is, who is the Republi-
can mcmberthut furnished that sort of testimony?
Mr. BLAKE. In the first place, the whole
statement is merely an irresponsible newspaper
report. No authority is given for it. Thegentle-
inon will not himself vouch for its coriectness,
and 1 protest against bringing in here such vague,
niespon&ible newspaper statements as the ground
of a charge against membcis of tins House. The
gentleman brings in here such a loport, and then
wants to know which one of my colleagues made
the statement. Sir, I do not believe any one of
them made it; and it is not true, whether it was
mode or not.
Mr. COX. I merely wanted to know whether
any of my colleagues had made it.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 do not believe any one of them
made it. I tell the gentleman theie is no such sen-
timent among the people of Ohio; and if any one
asserted such a thing to me, I would tell him he
was mistaken; if he persisted in it, I would tell
him it was a falsehood.
Mr. COX. And then there would be a fight, I
suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAKE. I suppose so, unless, as is prob-
able, the man who made the assertion would be
too cowardly to fight. Mr. Speaker, 1 am admon-
ished by my time being limited, that I can sub-
mit to no further interruption; I trust, therefore,
gentlemen will excuse me.
I said, sir, this cry against New England first
made its appearance in Richmond, the so-called
capital of the southern confedeiacy; and from that
point it has spread to the sympathizing friends
of that nest of traitors in the free States. But
a few months since, and General G. T. Beau-
regard, the rebel general commanding in the
South, issued an order to all his men to call our
troops by no other name than abolilionhls; and
j theteupon, eveiy man in the loyal States, and in
| the United States Army everywhere, who is m
: favor of sustaining the Government, maintaining
i the Constitution, enforcing the laws, and using
| all the means justified by civilized warfare which
i God and nature have placed within our reach to
| put down the lebellion, was denounced by eveiy
sympathizing traitor m the North as an abolitionist.
Now, sir, what means all this? Is H possible
that Jeff Davis has extended his dominions into
the loyal States, and that these men have taken
the oath of allegiance to his government, and for-
saken our own, with all of its hallowed memories'
Has Davis a branch of his government estab-
lished in the fiee States? I cannot account for
the striking agreement between the rebels and
their sympathizers in sentiments and actions upon
any other hypothesis than that there is a full un-
derstanding on both sides on these questions. If
the rebels of the South and their sympathizers in
the North are not acting in concert, they arc at
least in harmony.
Sir, the sous of New England, scattered as they
are all over the West, will yet make these gen-
tlemen who live in their midst, and who are known
to give publicity to such sentiments only for the
purpose of discoid, feel their power. What has
made the great West, but New England enter-
prise ? Talkabouta Union withoutNew England!
Sir, you might as well talk about a solar system
without a sun.
Why, sir, under other circumstances,it would
be amusing to hear my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] descant on the qualities of the Yankee. I
am not surprised that his congregation in New
York were convulsed with laughter at his delinea-
tions of Yankee ehaiacter. With all the nasal
hcang of the Yankee, and with many of those pe-
culiarities by which he is known in all countries,
they must have readily come to the conclusion
that if the gentleman was not bom in Yankee
land, there was a live Yankee around, near the
place of his birth. [Laughter.] How could they
help their mirth on such an occasion, and with
such a specimen before them? It is no wonder,
then, they felt great merriment at the exhibition
they were having of the Yankee on that occasion.
Sir, being of the Hibernian stock, although bom
in the State of Vei mont, 1 am unable to appreciate
this cant about Yankees and New England. I
am not ashamed of my oiigin, nor the place of
my bitth. Vermont has never done anything,
that 1 am aware of, to disgtace me; and God be-
ing my helper, I will try to do nothing to disgrace
her.
My colleague [Mr. Vallandigiiam] in his able
and extraordmaiy speech the other day, says:
" It h now two yeais, sir, Miice Congress assembled soon
nffn Hie presidential election. A sectional anti-slavery
paity had jus-t .succeeded through the toun* of the Consti-
tution. Foi the (iij-t time a I'ieMd"iit had been chosen upon
a platform ol avowed ho.-nlity to an institution peculiar to
neai Iv one half of tlx; State?-; there was an n resistible con-
fliet bijc,iu-e ol that institution between the States; and
that the (Jmon could not endine i part slave and part free.'
(Jongiess met, tbeielore, in the nud^t of the proi'oundest
aquation, not heie only but thioughout the entire South.
Revolution i_'laie<l upon us. Repeated efibits tor concilia-
tion and eonipioiuw: weie attempted m (,'ongiess and out
oi it. All were injected by the paity just coming into
power, except only the pioinise m the la-t liomof the ses-
sion, and that too against the consent ot a majority ol that
paitv.both in the Senate arid House, that Congress—not
the Executive—-hotild never be authorized to abolish or
interleie with slavervin the States wiieie uexKted. South
Caiolnia seceded; Geoigia, Alabama, FIoi ula, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Texas speedily lolJowed. The confederate
government was established The othei slave States held
back Yuginia demanded a pence congress. The commis-
sioners met, and. alter some tune, agreed upon tenns of
final adjustment But neither 111 the Senate northe House
wete they allowed even a respectlul consideiation."
Sir, what aie the facts? The gentleman here
seeks to convey the impression that the war was
brought on the country by the Republican party,
when every man knows that for months before
the inauguration of JVIr. Lincoln the war had com-
menced r On the 21st day of January, 1861, Judge
David A. Smalley, in his charge to the grand jury
of the United Slates district court for the south-
ern district of New York, ^aid:
'• Tt \h well known that war, civil war, exists in portions
of the Union ; that pei-ous owing allegiance to the United
States have confedeiated together, and with arms, by force
ami intimidation, have, pieventcd the execution of the con-
stitutional aets ot Congress, have foicibly seized upon and
hold a custom-house and post office, foi ts, arsenals, ves-
sel-, and othei properly belonging to the United States, arid
have actuailv fned upon vessels bearing the United States
flag and earning United States noops. Tins is a unnpa-
uon of the authority ot the Federal Government; itia high
lieason hv levying wai. Either one of those acts will con-
stitute high tieason. There can be no doubt of it."
This was while the ptftron saint of all the sym-
pathizers with the rebellion, James Buchanan,
was President of the United States. What was
the action of this man Buchanan at this time when
war was upon the country? Why,sir, from the
first outbreak, with traitors for his Cabinet coun-
selors, he aided and abetted the rebels in arms
against their country—against your Government
and mine.
James Buchanan, in his message to Congress
on the 3d day of December, 1860, declared:
"Tins Government, therefore, is a great and powerful
Government, invested with all the attributes of sovereignty
over the special subjects to which its authoiity extends.
It* framcrs naer intended to implant in its bosom the seeds
of its own destruction ; nor who e they, at its creation, guilty
of the absurdity of prowling for its own dissolution. It was
not intended by its framers to be the baseiefes fabric of a
