1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
number of surgeons, and give the wounded men
the very best suro'jral skill that the country will
afford, I know that many cases of extreme hard-
ship have 'juried through the pcrtness of per-
sons styled and pel haps commissioned us medical
cadets—men.- beardless striplings—who are in au-
thority, and order nurses to bind down and tie
men and amputate their limbs, when the men be-
lieve no such necessity exists. I do not know
whether they arc intended to serve as surgeons or
not; but if they are, in my judgment they ought
to lie dismissed from the service; and therefore,
in order to raise the question, I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator fi om Maine by striking
it out and inserting the following words:
All medical cadeH now m the set vice of the United
flute-, both j ejfular ami volunteer, be niu-teicd out;
and .ill or |i;trts of aet& authorizing their appointment
siuili he iepeali-d
Mi. FESSENDEN. I think that the Senator
trom Iowa is acting unth-r some delusion in ref-
erence to that matter. It was not intended that
these medical cadets should be surgeons. The
very fact that they are called medical cadets im-
plies that they are young persons, who are mak-
ing medicine their study, and that they intend to
become surgeons. These officeis were resorted to
for the reason that more aid was icquucd than
could be had in the shape of surgeons and assist-
ant surgeons, and a particuiai kind of aid. They
come into the service unquestionably for the pur-
pose of learning. They are not to perfonn oper-
ations; but they can lender very valuable assist-
ance to surgeons, they can render very valuable
assistance in hospitals, with what knowledge they
have. 1 do not understand that they act as sur-
geons at all, or are ever suffered to do so until
after examination it is found that they are lifted
for that post, and get an appointment to it. I am
told, and that is the reason why I have moved the
amendment, that they are an exceedingly useful
addition to the medical eoi ps of the Army, and are
found very beneficial indeed. For that reason, I
am p* t fee tly willing t hat they should he employed.
If I supposed that they, after coming in us med-
ical cadets, young and untried, were allowed to
perform the functions of surgeons and assistant
smgeons who had passed examinations, I should
go with the Senator; but 1 think he is laboring
under a mistake, and I think it will be dangerous
to lepeal the act authorizing their appointment,
which 1 am told has ptoved beneficial,and agreat
deal of good has arisen from the employment of
these young men, f do not think we should adopt
his proposition—certainly not without more in-
formation than either he possesses or 1 possess on
this subject. T would call the Senator's attention |
to what he said a little while ago tn regaid to an- :
other matter, that it will not do to take rumor and •
to go entirely upon representations made by sol-
diers and persons tra\ elmgabout the camps. They
are apt to misrepiesent the facts in many casts,
and if we take such i^presentations as the source
of truth, we shall be lik< ly t*o get v< ry little of it.
I have had the statement which I have made m re-
gard to the usefulness of these persons from more
than one surgeon in whom I have confidence. 1
believe the corps to be beneficial and useful.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not profess to have as
much information on the subject, perhaps, as a
Senator ought to have m order to enable him to
cast an intelligent vote. I know of one case of this
kind. A surgeon was appointed to take chaige of
a hospital boat to transport some two or three
hundred or more wounded men to my own State.
He refused to receive on board expei leneed phy-
sicians who had been sent by our Governor, and
took on board a couple of medical cadets. He
had no other medical assistants whatever in tak-
ing care of these men during the passage trom
Pittsburg Landing to Keokuk. The two medical
cadets performed many if not all the amputations
supposed to be necessary on the way. The pa-
tients seemed to luck confidence in the medical
skill of the operators. Some of these patients were
men of high and general intelligence, men who at
home move in the first circles of society; they
believed that their limbs ought not to be ampu-
tated, and that the)' were losing them to gratify
a desire on the part of these young men for sur-
gical practice, and who in the presence of the pa-
tients made sport of their screams uttered while
amputations were in progress, threatening to kick
them into the river if they did not icmain silent.
!! This sccne tianspired very nearly under my own
j, eyes. I did not see it in person, but I have the
11 facts from eye-witnesses in whom I have the ut-
|! most confidence. I think I may say that I know'
j! the statements are true. I do not know that this
| kind of practice is very general; but, Mr. Pres-
| ident, 1 do know that this nation, if it is able to
j carry on the war at all, is able to employ enough
j experienced surgeons to take charge of our sick
i, and wounded soldiers. I do not think that it is
,j proper to make our hospitals a mere school for
j| surgical experiment for medical students, mere
r striplings who are preparing themselves for future
practice. We ought to employ, I think, the best
surgical talent we can obtain.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of my
colleague how extensive this thing is. Does he
judge from an isolated case?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir, not from an isolated
case. I have information, but not so director so
conclusive, that induces nic to believe that this is
somewhat general.
Mr. GRIMES. I make the inquiry because I
have a relative in the Army who had an arm very
badly shattered, and the brigade surgeon and ihe
surgeon of the regiment both insisted on ampu-
tation; but the young surgeon opposed it, pre-
; vented it, and he is acquiiing now the use of his
! arm. That is exactly the reverse of the case
statu! by my colleague. This is a case that has
i come within my knowledge.
, Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
: dent, the heart is made sick by the stories that we
^ hear from all quarters during this war, and I shall
; thank God when we get through with n. It seems
that we are living in an age, if not of total deprav-
[ ity, at least of universal slander. If j'ou listen
to one man, you will hear the medical cadets de-
; nouneed; if you listen to another, you will hoar
: the legular Army surgeons denounced; you will
j hear the volunteer surgeons denounced; you will
; heat the female nuises denounced. So it runs
all through the st. rviee of the country. W< aie
living in a time when everybody is dissatisfied
1 and everybody is finding fault.
j Now, sir, I do not think it will do to take up
! these isolated cases and make them the basis of
1 general legislation. I have no doubt that there
arc medical cadets who have rendered real service
to theeountry. 1 believe thatgeueially they have
done so. That there are otheis who have disgraced
themselves and their position cannot be doubted.
11 is so with the surgeons. Sir, we have surgeons
attached to our-regiments, and some of them ha\e
passed through this body and been maths brigade
surgeons, who had no experience when they en-
tered the service and who will have no experience
when they go out of it, for they are incapable of
learning anything. We have this sort of flippant
kind of men among the stngeons as well as among
the medical cadets. Many of these medical cadets
probably have entered the service to learn, it is
a great school for medical men. We have had
but little of it heretofore in this countiy,and I
trust that hereafter we shall have less.
1 hope that the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa will not prevail. I sympathize with linn in
the feeling he has expiessed in icgard to such mis-
conduct as that which he mentioned; but we have
had such misconduct, not only fi om cadets, but
from surgeons; (hough I believe the great mass of
the surgeons, of the assistant surgeons, of the med-
ical cadets, and of the persons engaged in the hos-
pitals, and in the camps, ha\e endeavored faith-
fully to do their duty. That is n  v expei lencr.
1 believe it to be so. I want to believe it to be so
for the credit of human nature. We hear so much
about misconduct, mismanagement, shirking,
stealing, and everything else that brings dishonor
and disgrace on our country and on human nature
that I want to believe something; is good in human
nature after all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to be informed
how many medical cadets then- aie.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am not
sure what is the number, but I think they started
with seventy-five, and I believe we added sixty to
them in another bill. I suppose we have one
hundred and forty or one hundred and fifty.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amount paid
them?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The com-
pensation is very small indeed, thirty dollars per
month and a ration per day.
Mr. POMEROY. The number of cadets ao-'
ualiy in service is repotted at seventy; and their
pay is thiT-ty dollars a month with one ration a
day.
j' Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Jaw*,
j, allows more than that number, I think. \
Mr. SHERMAN. All I want to get at is this: *
what is the necessity for further legislation; If the
law already allows a great number whatisth^'
necessity of this legislation ? We ought always to
understand what, the law is before we proceed to"*
! lemcdy its defects. • '
i, Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubtof the truth
, of the statement made-by the Senator from Mas-
: sachusetts—1 had attempted to say substantially
< the same thing before myself—that in my opinion
a majority, a very laige majority, of the officers
!■ of the Army, including the medical corps, intend
; to do their duty, and are faithful men, upright
, men, men that can be trusted; but in this case I
, think the presumption is against disinterested
i' practice. You employ a large number nf these
" cadets; this amendment pioposos to employ as
!; many cadets as the Surgeon General may deem
: necessary for the public service. The number is
j' unlimited. They enter the seivice for the prao
'j tice, in order that they may perfect themselves in
a knowledge of surgery; this is their compensa-
i| tion. They are lo receive but thirty dollars a
j; month, nmfone ration a day, whnh will merely
i; defiay their personal expenses whiie in the field.
Their practice is to be their, pay—the expei lence
*il they shall deuvc from the amputations which they
perform or witness. The more amputations, the
j more is their pay; this is what thev enter the ser-
■ vice for. The. hospital is their green-room, the
| wounded soldiers'are their subjects; they cost
them nothing; they obtain them without hazard
or inconvenience. Now, does not this laise a pre-
sumption against adisinterested judgment on (heir
■ part? It seems to me that it would be much bet-
I k r to add seventy physicians, in place of the
| seventy cadets now employed, or to add one or
1 two hundred experienced surgeons, in addition
'' to the number named in the sixth section, lather
than to give the Surgeon General authoiilyfo
employ an unlimited number of medical students.
1 know it would have a better effect on the minds
of the soldiers. The employment of a physician
!j is frequently a mere matter of taste 1 know; and
ij yet that mere matter of opinion, a mere whim,
: may decide the fate of the patient. Everybody
I, knows that confidence in the physician often cures
the patient without nvdicnte, and that disirust
; often kills, notwithstanding the greatest skill. It
/ seems to me that no soldiers, no body of nn n,
j can have the same confidence in a mere strip!.ng,
j. a medical student of a year's standing, as it would
: be reasonable to expect from them in a man of
I known experience. The very motive that prompts
the youth to enter the service creates distiust. It
, would be much better to encounter, I suppose,
[l the additional expense,and secuie a laigeramount
!j of experience. If I err in coming to this roneiu-
ij sion, and the Senate shall so decide, I shall bo
|i content. I have performed my duty.
!) Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
ij that the Senator fi om Maine withdraw his amend-
ii ment, and that we leave the matter in regard to
!j medical cadets where it now is by law. 1 think
i' that they have not got so many as the law will
i; allow them, and we can piovide for it in some
!. other bill if we find that an additional number is
necessai y.
Mr. POMEROY. They have got precisely the
number th" law allows.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I may be
mistaken about it; but 1 had the impression that
we had passed two laws on the subject.
I Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have, as a
general thing, concurred in the views which have
.! been expressed by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] to-day. I wish the whole i ountry could
1 hear or read the remarks he has made in relation
; to the condition of things in our hospitals; but,
sir, in respect to this subject of medical cadets, I
. do not agree with him. f believe that they are
■ peifoinung their duties as well as any other ofH-
: ceis of the Government, In 18(J1 we passed an
act aufhonzing the appointment of fifty medical
cadets; their pay w«s to be thirty dollars a month
: and one ration a day, and their duties are pre-
j scribed in the act itself, by which it will be seen
i that it was not expected or intended that they-
