1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1413
Nortlnveet with tho South, against the eastern States. Be
riot deceived. Pause. forthe love you beai to your coun-
tiy, and tcflect. This movement is oaly a rebel scheme m
disguise, that would involve you alike with themselves In
the crime of lobeHion, and bring to your own hearthstone?
the desolation of a French revolution. Separation on either
side, with peace in the futuie, is impossible, and we aie
compelled by cell* interest, by every principle of honor and
every impulse of manhood, to bring this unholy contest to
a successful teunmation.
What 1 Admit that we are whipped ? That twenty-three
million northern men arc unequafto nine million* ot the
South? Shame on the State that would enteitam so dis-
graceful a proposition ! Shame upon the Democrat who
would r-ubmitto it,and raise his cowardly voice and claim
that he was an Indianian ! He and such dastaids with their
off>pring, are fit " mudsills,*' upon which should he built
the ioidiy structure of their southern austocracy ! And with
whom would this unholy alliance be formed? With men
who have forirotten then father, their oaths, their country,
and then God—with gueinllas. cotton humei—with those
whoforcc every male inhabitant of the ^outh, capable of
bcaimg arm's, mtorhe field, though -taivmg wives and babes
are lelt behind; men who peisecute and bane, oi dnve
fiom then lines, every man, woman, and child who will not
fall down and woi-dup their southern cod. And yet free-
born men of our State will sympathize with >uoh tyrants,
and date to even dream of coalition. Indiana's pioud and
loyal legions, numbcimg at lea?.! seventy thousand effective
niHii m the field, and n* with one great itent t. we know they
would repudiate; all unholy combinations tending to the dis-
membeiment of our Government.
In this dark hour of our country's trial, there is but one
road to success and peace, and that is, to he as firmly united
for our Government as the rebels arc against- it. Small dif-
ferences of opinion amount lo nothing in this i>rand snug-
gle for a nation*-: existence Do not place even one -tiaw
in the way; and lemembei that every word you speak to
encourage the rtouth, nerves the aim that atiWh the blow
which is aimed at the heart's blood of our biothois and kin-
dred.
ALVTN P. ITOVEV, frig. Gen.
WILLIAM T. SI'IUELY, Col. 2tfA hul.
WILLI KM K. MlLKAX, Co! 4'6lhul.
GEORGE F. MeGlNM^, Col. 1 l£/i hid.
JAMES R SLACK, Col. \'tk Ind.
Helena, Arkansas, February 2. Ib63.
The gallant General R. H. Mih'oy, who has
met the enemy on many a hotly contested field
during this war, and has never failed to perform
his duty, in a recent letter says:
[From the Indianapolis Journal.]
Wtnciiestfr, Fmrt Yjrotvta. Januaiy 30. lBf>3.
Editor Journal : £ have ju-t read the noble resolutions
of my biothei officer* ot Indiana in the {rid hint army of fiose-
crans, who. havtmr a^-si-f d In their heioi^m u* achieving
the splendid vietoiy ovei the tiaitoi army undei Bra!™. tuin
round to rebuke the more vile and cowardly tumors at
home, w ho, having taken advantage ot the absence of over
one hundicd thousand patriot soldiers to -tep.i into power,
are di^giacnig our State bv tiicir treasonable acts.
1 desiie to thank these brave ofiicei<, who. knowincr no
party save tliat fin the Union, have adopted thc?c resolu-
tions, which meet my moj-t hcaity appioval.
Any man, or set of men, who, m times like these. when
our Goveinment i- engaged in a deadly struggle lor its ex-
istence, a struggle whn.ii involves not only the faiii ol fir-o ,
goveinment luour own counuy, but foi all tiie world, ;
would attempt to di-g;ace and ptostuute the name of Dem- i
oci.it by cngaaizin^ a parf\ under th.-; name to onpoi-e tl.c |
Goveinment. and divide and di^tiact the pr ojile of th" loyal
States, aie tiaitoi . and much meaner than uio-c in an.^, '
who boldly and dneeti} ^eek the de--tiuetion o; the Gov- ,
eminent. toi the^e pietendod Demoeiats Mieaktnglv and i
indneeilv «eek i!«f :-;ime end bv eveiunt pieind.LO ag«ut.&t j
the Government and division among the people. !
J./et these tiaitoi-, of the Indiana Ii''i;i-ldturo. and the \
eoppeiheads, butternut-., and K G C.'s tlnodgliout the i
State, who are giving aid, eomioil. and eneouiagement to ]
armeo ti ear-on in the'Soutn. read in the odium that ha-^ fol- I
lowed the memory of the blue 1 iclit Ft detah-r-; and TIait- J
ford conventionists of 1810, f-omeihmg of the execration j
and dele.-tauon that will follow their memory down the :
s'reain of time. I
I join with my fel'mv soldiers of the T'nion evryu iKre j
m warning these ttaitoi.s at homo that when we have j
ciu*hod armed tieason at the South, and le^ioted the i-ov-
ereisnty of the Goveinment ovei these mi:-suided ir-'tare^, [
(which, under God, we suiely will do.) we wo! upon oui 1
leturn, while our hands are in. al-o exterminate tn'r.-on at
the North, h> arm.-, n nefd be, and seal. In the blood ot
traitor, wherevf-i jbund. the permanent peace oi oui enim-
try and the peipetuity office fcowinmeni to all futuie gen-
erations. it. U. MILliOY.
We,the undesigned, Indiana officers at thte plac% ?vi' *t
cordiallv -ub:-enbe to the sentiments expressed in the auuve
letter of General Mihoy
MA11K Jj. DF/MOTTE, Captain ami A. Q. HI.
DAXfijL MEEKER, /hn^on Surgeon.
J()H \ (>, Ci; WENS. J. D C.
Z. J5A5R1), Cuj'lain and  d. JJ. C.
The brave soldiers of Ohio are responding to the
soldiers of Indiana and Illinois; and from our
whole Aimy there is but one sentiment of cietes- .
tation for those men who talk peace, when they
know there can be no peace until the le'uel dinner ,
are conquered and destroyed. The people will |
soon respond to the s'entiment which comes from j
the Army, and the sympathizers with the rebels 1
will find themselves in tho position of the Cowboys 1
of the Revolution. The and noble Ohio _
boys, now facing the enemy,and willing to endure s
all to save their country, say in their addiess to
the people of Ohio, and which ought to be road by
every man in the nation, as follows:
Battle-field of Stose River, february 1.
To the People of Ohio :
The Ohio soldiers; of the western army, your friends,
brothei*, and ?ons, addiess von from this field of renown in
urgent entreaty, upon matter? of such grave import to them
ami to tho countiyas to demand your eahn and patient
audience. Eviles fiom home toi long, weaiy months, away
from the petty strife of local politics, and the influence of
selii-h demagogues and patty leadens, with the pure and
steadfast faith in the holy cau=e of defending our Govein-
ment which brought us into the field, and has sustained us
in pen!«. hanNhips. toil*, and exposalcs which have scarce-
ly a parallel m history, we feel none of the acrimonious
bitterness that now enters into the ignoble contentions of
home politic*, and calmly view the condition of the country
from that only tiue *tAnd-p<um. the soUhei'  and patriots
devotion to the «reat Republic—onceblessed of all nations.
Wo ask, what means this wild, bhameless pauvstufe at
home? Why any opposition to this war ot self-preserva-
tion? Wiiy any but political demagogues should wish a
scveianee of the Republic? Whereiore a foolish cry tor a
cessation of hostilities, on oui pait, to give time tothetrai-
toi icbels to strengthen their defenses and discipline their
armies? Why should the brave, tiue men ot the great
Army of the lTnited States, wai-hioken, toil-worn, and bat-
tle-stained, be left without r-ympathy or aid fiom you men
ot Ohio, now enjo\ing the b'ie.-^m^-- of peace, eaielcss of
d.mgeis of invasion, wai's diead tenors, only because we,
youi brother- and sons, stand u between yourlovedhomes
and wai'-i deflation
Are we not in \v<n ? Is not the whole force of theGov-
emment employed in defending the nation against a gman-
tieefloirto desttoy it? ilas not blood flowed like water,
and tiea?urc expended enough to make tich ;i nation? I?
it not vvoith pi e-ei vui£f -1 ('an two or moie States be caived
out peacefully trom the pie?enr loved Republic ? (-an we
give away it-"i iveis, lands, and loyal people to it- destioyer?
Can we allotd to divide the Republic into contending
petty States, and be lorcver the victim of internecine
wan- between small piinejpahtie- ? Can we quietly, calm-
ly, oven complacently, mi, bv and m-o the giand Republic
(if the world ihu- cur off and destroyed by innale weakness?
No honest citizen ot Ohio is willing that such should be
our fale.
What matters now the cau^e of tho war?—by whose fault,
oi by the adoption ot what me taken policy ? It exists. It
must be lought out. oi ended by giving up all that it is waged
loi. Foi the sakeoi peace; to bend oi the biniieu.- of tax-
ation; for the tear ot the shedding of blood, would any
ba^elv give up Ins nnlion. and become the citizen of a 1 ti-
med and dishonoied land 3
Then wheieioie oppo.-stmn to the war? Because a par-
ticular pait\ i> in powei." Becau-e its policy is obnoxious?
Because il "has committed cihh- ? Recause it has tinown
to ns-inface and given prominence to bad oi ineompete.it
men, or:«dopted pohtiefl theoi ie-., and -^oivxht to make them
piaetieal, winch aie condemned by man\ good men? No!
the lomedy lor all these evils, if they exist at all, may be,
sought in the quiet but powei iui meaiH of the ballot, which
has"power in oui Goveinment to change dynasties whete
the armio5 of the woiid would tail.
is it thought that peace and a voluntary le-toiation of
the Union may be ciiected by eompionuse ? All that ha?
been tried Diidainiully the iehcl-itunir b.ick in our faces
eveiv piofieied olive bianeli before neacefui men became
aimed -oldkmand the hooinmc of 1 'oi15?u ntei *--• cannon,
with lis rernble aimum.called a nation to aims. Andnow.
insolent and deiiatit, the\ laugh to teoin all thou«>ht« ot
[)eare on any <;th< i tenn- than recognition oi* tneu fal-e
nationahtv. 'J'le'y are -troneer now than then The des-
pots and mone'-chaniret-- ol Cnrope have civen them sub
^t.iniial aid to der [io> a lepublie ; tney have moie puwei-
i1.! aiiiie'-, abb i ,'^v neial-,and a lhmci (b'tt.rmiuation than
when the i elud!ion b'''jnn. They know then strength, and
appeal to it—not to the poor demagogues ol the North, who
aie iheir allies. They condemn and despi-c them. Read
their piodamatioii-j, addie-'-e-, aimyoulei-, and news-
papeis. At u<  time'have thevever spoken of their noith-
ern fiiends except a-, allies in the mar! 'J'iiey dende the
iooli-h apjieals oi then jnnlheni allies foi pi m c and eom-
ptomise, and pieelndo ail hope of the restoration ot the
Union on an> term-.
W hatineaieukbi" nn-clnef is bemsrdone by tb<\°c noith-
em allies! Their-pcecSn.s ni'd now.-jia'per^ are quoted,and
results ot elect ion- lepoited m -outhern papers, evidence,
not of any hope o! restoiing the Union, but to show that
the lo\al people ol the Xoith .ire becoming willing to >ub-
nut t<) any di-himorable and hmnih.iting tcuns ot peace,
based *"veil on the mil ie< oiiniiion that this fiendish rebel
lion was light, an a chat it was well to destroy tins Govern-
ment.
People of Ohio! hid one alternative is left you. You
mi'sijiiououitce thn a just rebellion. You must say that it
Ufl- Tight ondju^tnulle lo St^ti >y (hit llr public ; ihatu Re-
public is- v vcuK, fwlyiess Covcrmnevf. po rrrless to sustain
itself, and lo be ilcdioyed ivkenevcr c^r.^pirotors enough can
he rlhed 'or the jmyp ->e: ot ooo mn<.t show to the wonJ the
puwei or -el; pi c • '! vat ion m the <nea' example of confed-
erated republic-; that it ha~ a quiet, doim.iut foice,wlncii
aroused, has gig.uitic stseimth and eneigv ; that it not only
can pioteet it- unz-eiiMii an tho id mUi- and puvileyes, but
can -u-tain it>elfa& will agaiu-t foreign attack as internal
ti ja-on.
\Ve are fighting for the Republic; to it we have given
om hem's, oai aim-, oui live-. Wi intend to stand between
jon and 'lie de-soia1 mu host- of the reb-.I-, who^e mostciiei-
i-hed hope and de-,>< ha.- heen, and i^; to take po^.-es-iop
or and lavagj \ our own b'vmtiiul Ohio'. Oi.ci already we
have stood 1U a living wall between you and tln-s late,and
we tnav have t<< do if again.
Men'of Ohio ! you know what this we-'tein amiy ba-i
suflcied. You know not now the haid-lups and suffer
ii'g«= of \ our-oldiei sin their chill lent-\ their .-heiteile-c biv-
ou.'ica, their long, weaiy maiehet, and theii baltle-Ummed
lanks. If there be honesty and purity in human motives,
it must be found among your long-enduring soldiers. Heilr
us, and for your country's sake, if not for ours, stop your
wild, shameless political stales, unite for the common
cau«e, and never think or speak of peace and compromise
until the now empty terms mean the Republic us it was,
peacefully if it may be,butfoiciblv at all events. It i* said
w.u and force cannot restore the Union. What can? Is
there anything el«e that has been loft untried, short of na-
tional dishonor and shame? Nothing. Purely physical
power has been invoked to destroy the Government, and
physical force must meet it. Conquer the rebellious arraie3,
shut in by blockades and victorious armiesthedeludedpeo-
ple of the rebelling States, and let no peace, no happiness,
no prosperity dwell in their land or homes until they rise
against their own tyiants, until popular opinion with them
ovei throws their false government, and dooms theii despotic
leaders. Whip them and confine them, until " Aetaeou is
devoured by bib own dogs."
This is all that can be done, and it must be done with the
determined eneigyofa united people. Thusfecl andthinfc
the soldieis of the grand Army of the United States. Are you
with u->, or will you now desert u-«,sell your national birth-
right for a mess of pottage, and for success in local politics
baiter away your country, crawl at the feet and lick the
handd of the perfidious, cruel, and devilish consp.iators
who have organized this rebellion, and who boast of their
success in destioyingyoui Government, slaying your sons,
and waiting your treasuie, contemned, derided, and de-
spised by them, while you are humbly ciavjng their favor?
Not waiting oi even hoping for returning loyalty in them,
or ior teimsof peace to be tendered by them f ('an you thus
dishonor yourselves, your soldiers, and your State ?
We a^k you now to stay, support, and uphold the hands
of your holdieis. Give some of the wasted sympathy, so
illy but freely bestowed upon the old political backs and
demagogue*, who seek a blessed maityidom in Lincoln
bastiles, to the suffering but bravely endtuing soldiers who,
m the camp, the field, and the hospital, bear real hardships
uncomplainingly. If tieason must run not in the North,
keep it there ; insult nor >oui soldiers by sending to them
the vile emanations of the traitois who aie riding into of-
fice, place, and povvet over the ruins of the Government,
and making them their stepping atones, insult us not by
lettcis, speeches, and papers which tell us that we aie en-
gaged as hnehngs m an unholy abolition war, wlueh make
mob idols of the horn of those whose hypoeiitical dema-
goguery takes shape in cowaidly, covert treason, whose
constant vocation is denunciation of theii Government and
its aimed del'endcis.
The army of the West is in terrible earnest; earnest to
conquer and destroy armed rebels; earnest to meet force
with force; earnest in its hearty detestation of cowardly
traitors at home j earnest in will and power to overcome
all who desire the nation's mill.
Ohio's one hundred thousand soldiers ifi the field, citi-
zens at home, potent in either capacity, ask their fathers,
hi cthren, and fiiends, by their fiiesides and in their peaceful
homes, to hear and heed this appeal, and to put an end to
covett tieason at home, more dangerous now to our na-
tional existence than the piesenceof the aimed hosts of
misguided rebels in the field.
On the hearing and adoption of this address by the first
biigade, thud division, fouiteenth army eoips, Colonel
Walker alfO reported the following resolution, which was
unanimously adopted : Therefore,
u Resolved, For ourselves we are resolved to maintain
the honoi and integrity of our Government; from the St.
Lawienee to the Gulf, and between the oceans, there shall
be but one supieme political Powei. We are able to defend
our birthright; the blood ot our sues is not contaminated
in oui vein-; we aie neither to be insulted nor robbed with
impunity; the Gove) nmcut we defend was foimed for noble
[imposes; we are the executois ot a living, a dying testa-
ment, wi n ten in the blood of om (atheis, which we will re-
write in om own ; to piesove our Government is to usj a
law, unalterable in our heaits as the decrees of Heaven;
we f-top not now to point the linger oi scorn at petty trai-
toit. who vainly s-'cek to immoitahze themselves by acts of
treason—too cowaidlyto sin with an uplifted Hand, too das-
taidiy to stake life for life, as moie honorable traitois do;
let them bear in mind that there is a time coming when the
hone-t indignation of n loyal people will hurl them head-
long into an abyss as bottomless as the pit."
These resolutions and proceedings of the bravo
men now in the field speak for themselves, and
need no comments of mine. Let us hear what the
brave and skillful General Rosecrans says, one of
the real heroes of the war, the man who saved his
army from defeat at Murfreesboro', and snatched
victory from the arms of the rebels by leading his
columns in person, amidst a shower of iron and
lead around him:
Headquarters Dfpartment of the Cumberland,
JVlURFRSEf-bokotennicssi-'e, I'chmary ■'*, 1863.
To the Honorable the General Sociably of the StateofOkio:
The lexduiion of thank-- pa>sed by vbur honorable body
of the aimy ot the Cumberland, u-j commanding geneial
and his *taff, ha- been duly teeetved and published"to the
tioojv of this command. On behaltof all Iietuin you heart-
felt thank4:.
This i- indeed a war for the Constitution and the laws—
nav. toi national existence—against ?ho<c_ who have de-
cpi-ed oui honest iriend>hip, deceived ourjuvt hopes, and
driven U". to defend our eountiyaml oui home-. Hy I'oul
and Willful slandeis on om motive- ;utd intentions persiht-
mgiv i epeated, they have airaj ed agam-t it-? out own fel-
low -em/en-, bound to u> by the tuple tie- ni eori>angiunity,
geogiaplueal po-ition, and commercial mterc.-t.
Let no man amons u- be base enough to forsct this, or
fool enough to tiust an oligarchy of tun tors to their friends,
to civil liberty, andhumantieedoin. Voiuntaiy exiles from
home and friend-, foi the defence and r-nfety of ait, we long
for the nmc when gentle peace shall again spiead her wings
ovei our land; but we know no such ble a.ng is possible
