1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
of the State of Ohio, who, in his address to the
General Assembly of that State, said:
" The Democratic party ever lias and ever will oppose
eithei the diffusion or the extension of slavery into any free
territory of the United States, by every legal and constitu-
tional means, and would rejoice if any mode, not doing
\ iolence to others, could be devised to overthrow and erad-
icate the evil."
On the subject of the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, Governor Wood said:
"ThatCongress, having by the Constitution authority to
legislate for the District of Columbia in all cases whatso-
ever, may there abolish if, I entertain no doubt. Congress
is, by the Constitution, the local Legi&latuie of the District,
and all eases within the sphere of legislation are embraced
within the terms ' in all cases what&oeveias used in that
instrument. Congress appears to me to posses* the !-ame
legislative power over slavery within the ten miles square,
that may be exercised by the Legislatures of the slave States
over it within their respective jurisdictions; and that it has
been considered m those States a pioper subject lor legisla-
tion, their history furnisher the clearest pvnlencc. I have
evei viewed the abolition of slavery in the District not only
as a matter of expediency, but of absolute right to the col-
oied race."
Such were the expressions of a man twice elected
Governor of Ohio by the vote of my colleague [Mr.
Yallaxdigiiam] and his party; and these senti-
ments on the subject of slavery, from 1848 to 1854,
were indorsed by every leading paper of the Dem-
ocratic party, and by every leading man of the
party in the State. Who, then, are the abolition-
ists? The men who are now denounced by the
gentleman and those who are in sympathy with
him, as abolitionists, never said anything stronger
against slavery than was said by Governor Wood,
and repeated in the Democratic resolutions for
six years in every State and county convention
held by the party in the State of Olno. And now,
after supporting the Democratic party, with the
resolutions I have referred to, for six years, and
after having aided in the election of Governor
Wood on two several occasions, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] stands up before
this House and declares:
" Sir, I am one of that number wlio have opposed aboli-
tionism, or the political development of the anti-slavery
sentiment of the North ana West fioin the beginning. • 111
school, at college, at the bar, m public assemblies, m the
Legislature, in (Jongte's, boy and man, as .1 private citizen
and in public life, in time of peace and in time of war. at all
tunes ami at every sacrifice, I have fought against it "
Sir, the doctrine of the " irrepressible conflict,"
of which we have heard so much, was preached
by the Democratic party of Ohio long before the
formation of the Republican party. The Repub-
lican party did make the issue before the people
on the non-extension of slavery to the free Tcrri-
toiies, and the people sustained the party by the
election of Mr. Lincoln. Congress, from 1789 to
1848, affirmed and exercised the right to prohibit
slavery from the Territories—for sixty-eight years
the power of Congress over the subject of slavery
in the Territories was never questioned by any de-
partment of the Government.
Washington sat as president of the Convention
that framed the Constitution, and he was Presi-
dent of the Republic eight years, and repeatedly
signed bills to prohibit slavery from the Teni-
toues. Madison, who was the leading spirit in
ille construction of the Constitution, lived and
(3ied in the delusion, if it be a delusion, that sla-
very could rightfully be prohibited by Congress
from the Territories; and as President of the Uni-
ted States, repeatedly acted officially on this pre-
sumption. Jefferson, the father of true Democ-
racy—not the sham article that some men now
wear for the purpose of more effectually aiding
the enemies of our Government—Jefferson, the
loading spnit of the Revolution, the author of the
immortal Declaration of Independence, served
ei°"ht years as President of the United States, and
lie*, too, believed Congress had the power to legis-
late on the subject of slavery in the Territories.
He drew up the famous ordinance of 1787, by
which slavery was forever prohibited in all the
territory northwest of the Ohio river. He also
pressed the expediency of a measure upon Con-
cress by which slavery should be excluded fiom
all the Territories of the United States. Sir, these
are the doctrines of the Republican party, and
they were the principles of the old Democratic
party. Can any man believe that this rebellion
v.'as'brought upon the country on account
maintenance of these principles, which are as old
us the Constitution? Does the gentleman from
Ohio believe it? I certainly will not underrate
his s;ood sense by charging him with believing it.
Mr.'Clay, the great statesman of Kentucky and
of the world, the great leader of that Whig party,
the dissolution of which the gentleman from Ohio
in his speech so much deplored, very forcibly ex-
pressed his views on the power of Congress to
legislate on the subject of slavery, in his speech
on the compromise measures of 1850, when he
said:
<<•1 must say, that when a point it settled by all the ele-
mentary authorities, and by the uniform interpretation and
action of eveiy department of our Government—legislative,
executive, and judicial—and when that point has been pet- j
tied during a period of fifty years, and never was seriously
disturbed until recently, I think that if we are toregaid any-
thing as fixed and settled under the administration of this
Constitution of ours, it is the question which has been thus
invariably and uniformly settled."
And again, this great statesman, in the same
speech, said:
" I have said that I never could vote for it myself, and Ire-
peat that I never can and never will vote, and no eat thlypotter
will ever make me vote, to spread slavery over teiritoiy where
it does not exist.r
Has the Republican party ever more emphatic-
ally denounced slavery extension than this gified
son of Kentucky? Has any public man of that
party ever opposed more strenuously the exten-
sion of slavery to the Territories than did the gal-
lant " Harry of the West?" If so, I confess it
has escaped my observation. And yet the gentle-
man from Ohio would make the people believe that
the Republican party is responsible for this slave-
holders' rebellion, because they have faithfully
adhered to the principles that Mr. Clay declared
in 1850 had been settled by every department of
the Government for a period of more than fifty
years. And now men are denounced as abolition-
ists, in obedience to the orders of General Beau-
regard, for sustaining the doctrines asserted by
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Jackson, Clay,
and for fighting rebels seeking to destroy the best
Government 111 the world—the only free Govern-
ment on earth. And what is still worse, the men
who thus stigmatize the soldiers and the states-
men of our country, call themselves Democrats!
1 have heard of men " stealing the livery of heaven
to serve the devil in," but I believe the prince of
darkness himself would be ashamed of the men
who are now attempting to aid their friends, the
rebels of the South 111 arms against their country,
murdering our best men, sending mourning and
lamentation into every neighborhood in the loyal
States, by so mean a pretense as that adopted by
the sympathizers of the North.
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio says, " a sectional
anti-slavery party had just succeeded through the
forms of the Constitution," and he seems to at-
tribute the cause of the great calamity of civil war
to this fact. What constitutes a party sectional
and anti-slavery? If the tact of believing with
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Jackson, Clay,
and the entire old Democratic party of the free
States, up to 1854, that slavery should be prohib-
ited fiom the free Territories, makes a party anti-
slavery, then indeed the Republican party may
be justly styled anti-slavery. But why call the
Republican party sectional? Is it because Mr. §
Lincoln and Mr. Hamlin both resided in the free j
States that the party must be denounced as sec-
tional ? Sir, this is no uncommon occurrence in
the history of our country.
In J812, DeWitt Clinton, of New York, was
nominated 111 opposition to Mr. Madison,and on
the ticket with'him for Vice President was Jared
Ingersoll,ofPennsylvania. In 1824, General Jack-
son and John C. Calhoun, both from the slave-
holding States, and slaveholders, were on the same
ticket, for President and Vice President of the
United States. In 1828 they were also on the same
ticket, and were elected
the leading southern politicians; and all southern
cl'amor about violated rights is nothing but the
basest hy pocrisy.
Every school-boy knows that the attempt of
South Carolina, in 1832, to nullify within her
borders a law of Congress, was, to every intent
and purpose, disunion.
Sir, the rebellion was not the work of a mo-
ment, nor the result of any injustice done to tha
South, or threatened to be done by the Govern-
ment of the United States; but it was inpursuancs
of the long-cherished schemes of southern men for
the destruction of the Union.
As evidence of this fact, we have only to refer
to the speeches of the leading men of South Caro-
lina in her secession convention, they said:
"Mr. Parkfk. Mr. President, it appears to me, with
sreiit deference to the opinions that have been expressed,
that the public mind is fully made up to the great occasion
that now awaits us. It id no spasmodic effort that hascome
suddenly upon us, but it has been gradually culminating
foi a long series of years, until at last it has come to that
point when we may say tne matter is entirely right.
" Mr. Indus. Mr. President, if there is any gentleman
present who wishes 10 debate this matter, ot course this
body will hear him; but as to delay for the purpose ofadia-
cn^sion, I, for one, am opposed to it. As my friend (Mr.
Paiker) has said, most of us have had this matter under
consideration foi tile last twenty years, and I presume w«
have by llns tune arrived at a decision upon the subject.
"Mi. Keitt Sir,we are pin-forming a great act, which
Involves not only the stirrn? present, but embraces the
whole gi eat force of ages to come. I have been engaged in
this movement ever since I entered politicaliife. I am eon-
tent with what has been done to-day, and content with what
will take place to-morrow. We have carried the body of
this Union to its last resting place, and now we will drop
the flag over its grave. After that is done, I am ready to
ad]Otirn%nd leave the remaining ceremonies for to -morrow.
" Mr. ItHETT. The secession of South Carolina is not
an event of a dav. It is not anything produced by Mr. Lin-
coln's election, o'rby the non-execution of thefugitivesiave
law. It lias been a matter which has been gathering head
for thirty years. The election of Lincoln and Hamlin was
the last straw on the back of the camel. But it was not
tiie only 011c. The back was nearly broken before. The
point upon which I differ from my friend is this : he says
bethought it expedient for us to put this great question be-
fore ttits world upon this simple matter of wrongs on the
question ofslaveiy, and that question turned upon thefu-
gitivesiave law. Now, in regard to the fugitive slave law,
I myself doubt its constitutionality, and,! doubted it on the
floor of the Senate, when I was a member of that body. The
States, acting in itieir sovei eign capacity, should be respons-
ible for the lendHion of fugitive slaves. That was our best
security.:j
Thus spoke the men who took the initial step
in this 'rebellion; and shall we believe them, or
the traitors at the North, who are endeavoring to
deceive the people to obtain political power?
Bui, sir, " the proclamation !" " the proclama-
tion!" "the bloody proclamation!" This is the
specter that haunts the imagination of some gen-
tlemen by day and by night. What would gentle-
men have us do? The President declared his pur-
pose to save the Union without destroying slavery
if he could; but if he could not he would destroy
it. He maintained that it was his duty to save the
Union with or without slavery. It was found that
while our soldiers were fighting the masters m
front, the slaves were in the rear raising provis-
ions for the rebel army. It was found, sir, that
the slaves were being used to dig intrenchmenta,
build fortifications, and to shoot our brave men,
whenever the occasion required. It was ascer-
tained that the most efficient help the rebels had
was the labor of the unwilling slave.
Now, sir, good sense would dictate to any man
that in a contest like this for national life, it was
not only our privilege, under the law of nations,
but our most sacred duty to detach these slaves
from the service of the rebels and attach them to
our cause m the best possible way. The cause
of the country demanded this, not less than the
lives of our soldiers in the field. What else could
iriFsVhn'auincyAdams and Richard Rush jj the President do, and be true to the trust reposed
in io_o,joii" '-y prp„i,ipnt and Vice in him by the people, and the obligations of the
were on the 8ame_t.ckelfor Present and Vice ^ ^ ^ & ^ Q ,
" r honor Abraham Lincoln for issuing that
President of the United States. „ ,, ^
1836frGenfrSSHarriSon and Frank Granger |j proclamation.' It has done more already to make
we.:e nominated on the same ticket for President 1 '
and Vice President of the United States. They [
were both from the free States.
the dynasty of Jeff Davis tremble than any other
instrumentality that has been used against the reb-
els. Put forth by the President as a war measure
to suppress the rebellion, to vindicate the Consti-
1 * , • . 1 _ TT.. ~ill Anltr ouriA.
Tvjrtur >ill rases have occurred in our short!, —     , # .
i- ' Jetnn one at that time thought that j> tution, and maintain the Union, it is not only sane-
rity in this or any other civilized country. The
proclamation was not issued for the purpose of
destroying slavery, but for the purpose of rees-
tablishing our Government, of crushing the rebel-
lion, of saving the life of the nation. No man who
rebellion; and 110 one believes now that the elec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln was the cause of the present
rebellion—the gentleman from Ohio does not be-
lieve it. Sir, there has not been a moment of time j|
for fifty years when disunion was not, to a greater |j
or less extent, the ruling thought of many of II
