1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bad precedent and a bad example. The next
thing we shall have will be a proposition for au-
ditors in the Adjutant General's department, and
then for auditors in the Ordnance department; and
so every department that can be named or thought
of will want this new kind of office, and this will
be a precedent for it. I think we have already
auditors in the Treasury to preside over the "vari-
ous departments, and supervise their accounts.
Their duties are well defined by law. I presume
that to some of these officers these accounts would
legitimately and properly and legally come; and
if they have not force enough there to take care
of them, increase the force. I am opposed, how-
ever, to creating this new and extraordinary class
of officers. But, sir, I do not know that we have
any avail. The remedy for all our evils seems to
have been, and still to be, an increase of officers,
an increase of rank, and an increase of pay and
emoluments.
For these reasons I am opposed entirely to this
feature of the bill. These officers are anomalous
in their character. The bill provides that they
shall be subject to the Quartermaster General's
control, and their decisions will be probably reg-
ulated by him. Now, I am not one of those who
have any doubts at all of the loyalty or patriotism
or integrity of the Quartermaster General, but I
do know that he is a most arbitrary man, that he
sometimes rejects claims as honest as it is possi?
ble they can be, upon the merest whim and ca-
price. I am opposed to creating this extraordi-
nary commission under him, in his department.
What grade are these new officers to have—that
of lieutenant colonel of cavalry ? [Laughter.] I
am opposed to them anyhow. I move to strike
out the provision for these officers. I move to
strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, i hope, Mr.
President, the Senate will not strike out this sec-
tion. 1 hope Senators will give a few moments,
attention to its consideration. The Quartermaster
General states the case with clearness and precis-
ion. General Meigs says;
"I recommend tliat Congress be requested to authoiize the
employment of thtee officers, to be btj'Ied ' aud-tois of the
qtuuteimiiiter's department,' who, under the duection of
the QuarteimasterGeneral, and acting by Ins auihontyand
in Ins name, may take charge of the administrative exam-
ination of the accounts :uul returns of both mone> and prop-
eity in this office. The duty is one of high impoitance,
arid though technically and legally the examination is re-
quired to be made by the. Q-uariermasterGeneral, and should
be made by his authority and undei his direction, it is not
physically possible for him to in-pect all the papers in per-
son, or to take action on any but the uioie impoitant ques-
tions arising on their examination. The unsettled accounts
now in this office amount to $105,000,000, and over five
million dollar* aie in the hands of otficeis who have not yet
made then returns or transmuted their accounts."
Here the whole question is stated. The Quar-
termaster General has an amount of business
put on him that lie tells you it is physically im-
possible for him to perform. These accounts,
he says, now unsettled amount to $110,000,000;
$105,000,000 in his office and $5,000,000 in the
hands of officers who have not yet made their re-
turns. He has the clothing accounts, the transpor-
tation accounts, and the vast accounts of that office,
and I do not believe the man lives who can give
that personal examination which the interests of
the country require. I believe it is of vital im-
portance that these accounts when they come into
the office should be at once carefully and thor-
oughly examined and passed upon. A prompt
examination of such papers will enable the Gov-
ernment to ascertain how affairs are managed, to
correct abuses, and to save the public money.
Here is a simple proposition to employ three
auditors, at a salary of $2,000 each. It is an ex-
penditure of $6,000 a year to enable the QuaVter-
master General to bring about him three trusty
and competent men who, under his direction, will
aid him to do duties that arc now imposed on him
bylaw. Of course they will report to him all the
facts, and the important questions he will be en-
abled to examine carefully and pass upon. I be-
lieve that it will be for the interests of the country
to secure these men at that rate to assist the Quar-
termaster General. Iam sure when we get through
this contest we shall have lost millions, if not tegs
of millions of dollars, by not having all of our
accounts brought up promptly, and thoroughly
investigated and passed upon. When these ac-
counts lie in the office for weeks or months with-
out being examined, men everywhere get careless,
and many things are allowed to pass that could
be corrected at the time.
I believe it is poor economy to withhold the
force necessary to examine and settle all the ac-
counts that are incurred during this war. I think
We shall have difficulty yet in our paymaster's de-
partment. I fear that department is loosely man-
aged; that paymasters do not make their returns
so promptly as they ought to do; and that they
are not examined as soon as they ought to be. I
believe that it will turn out that some of these pay-
masters will be ruined, when in many cases they
could have saved themselves if their accounts had
been settled promptly. Months go on without
settlement, and finally, when their accounts are
reached after eight or ten months, it is too late, for
mistakes cannot be rectified. I think if there is
any duty incumbent upon us, it is to provide, at
the lowest possible salaries, the competent force
in the Departments to keep all the accounts of the
Government promptly settled.
Mr. FOSTER. It is very pleasant, Mr. Pres-
ident, to lecture on economy, and very pleasant
to argue against/ the increase of public officers.
We are sure to have auditors who will be very
much pleased, here and over the country. And
it is tolerably easy to make a sneer occasionally
in a good-natured way against the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs when he reports a
bill which it is said only proposes an increase of
expenditure, or an increase of officers, or an in-
crease of rank.
Mr. President, we arc engaged in a war for the
preservation of the national life, and we have got
a million men in the military service of the coun-
try. Does it not follow, as a necessary conse-
quence, that we have got to increase officeis, to
increase expenditures, to increase in all the de-
partments of the Governmcntlargely, very large-
ly ? Docs any man suppose that we can keep an
army of a million men in the field with the same
amount of expenditure, and controlled by the
same number of officers, as an army of fifteen or
eighteen thousand, which was our force two years
ago? Is it not palpable that, with this change in
regard to the amount of our forces, the change in
the condition of the country, there must be a
change in the number of officers, in the rank of
officers, in the expendituies of the country ? And
is it worth while to sneer because there are prop-
ositions here to increase the number and the pay
of officers and multiply^greatly the expenditures
of the country? It seems to me that Senators can
hardly realize whcie we are, and what our con-
dition is, who indulge themselves in remarks of
this sort; and really, sir, 1 am not, for one, pre-
pared to admit that it is economy to talk about
restricting to the present number all officers m our
dcpai tments, all officers that have to do with the
settlement of accounts with the medical and with
the military department of our Government. I
agree with the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, that it is false econ-
omy. We waste millions for the sake of saving
thousands. We waste hundreds of millions for
the sake of saving tens of thousands. That is the
economy. If we wish to get up a reputation for
economy let us state the ground on which we
place it. We oppose, for instance, the appoint-
ment of three officers at an expense of $G,OQO, in
order to have accounts for over $100,000,000 re-
main where they are. Is that economy ? It cer-
tainly is a saving of expenditure to avoid the ap-
pointment of three new officers and the payment
of $G,000 a year. That is clear enough. -Saving
that, however, if we lose any considerable amount
of the 510^5^00,000 which these men would set-
tle, and settle in a short time if they were ap-
pointed, where is the economy? That is the ques-
tion. Can anything be gained by having the
Quartermaster General left as he is? He goes to
his offiee, devotes himself during all the hours of :
labor, and much more than all the ordinary hours
of labor, and it is but a very small impression that
he can make on the duties devolving upon him
now by law. When the Army was fifteen or eight-
een thousand m number, he could get through
with his present fortA-, but when it is a million
men, it isabsuid to talk about it; absurd to sup-
pose that lie can perform the duty, or that three
men as good as he is with him can perforn&the
duty. It cannot be done. It is a physical impos-
sibility. No matter how skillful, how quick, how
accurate men may be in business, there is a linsit
to human ability, and these four men cannot per-
form this duty as one man could beford.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
alludes to the pay department of the Army, and
speaksof the probability that paymasters will lose
money in consequence of the long period inter-
vening after their accounts are rendered before
they are settled. No doubt they will lose, and
lose largely, and their bondsmen in many cases,
and probably be ruined. That is bad enough; but
it is not the worst of it. The Government will lose
thousands, and, in my opinion, millions of dol-
lars for want of having the paymasters' accounts
settled at the proper time. It is bad enough to
ruin the paymasters and their securities, as they
will be ruined in many cases for want of prompt
settlement; but I repeat again, it is not the worst
of it; because there are, no doubt, as there are in
all departments oftho Government, dishonest pay-
masters; and they know as well as we know that
if there is to be a period of five or six or eight
months before their accounts are settled, there is
an opportunity forswindlmg. It willbe improved.
Their accounts will not be looked at for months,
and, perhaps, for a year. I apprehend there are
paymasters' accounts now on file in the proper
department that have not been examined for one
year or thereabouts; and this not because there is
any default in the officers, having charge of that
business, for they work hard night and day, some
of them to an extent that is impairing their health
and ruining their constitutions. Under these cir-
cumstances, theGovcrnment will lose thr'ough our
neglect to provide proper force to examine these
accounts. The Government will lose millions of
dollars.
Is it economy, then, for us to stop here and ar-
gue day after day about the propriety or necessity
of increasing the clerical force in these depart-
ments ten, twenty, m one hundred men ? No, Mr.
President, it is false economy, and it is a false
mode of transacting business, if we claim to act
on any recognized principle as among men who
are doing business for themselves or others. No
mistake can be more gross than to suppose that
it is better to keep the present condition of things
as it is, because itusedto be so two years ago. in
my opinion, the number of officers recommended
by the chairman of the Military Committee for
the quartermaster's department is not enough;
nor is the pay of $2,000 adequate to command^he
service of such men as we require in these places.
Men who are competent to perform these duties
can do better than to go there at $2,000 a year. I f
we take men at that salaiy I fear we shall get
cheap men—cheap so far as regards salary—but
who will ultimately cost the Government twice or
thrice as much as it would be necessary to pay
men who would be competent, and who would
perform the duties as faithfully and promptly as
it is possible for men to perform them.
I trust that this bill will not be cut down, and
that we shall not find that we can strike out this
officer or strike out that, or reduce this amount or
reduce that, not because I am not for economy,
for 1 am; not because I am not opposed to an un-
necessary increase of public officers, for 1 am; but
I believe it is necessary to increase these officers,
and largely to increase them, and to pay them a
price which shall command the best talent as well
as command men of integrity.
Mr. FESSENDEN.- Mr. President, when I
first looked at this bill, it seemed to be quite a start-
ling proposition to me, because, although we have
been in the habit of enlarging a little lately on the
number of employes in the Departments, itisnot
very long since the time was when a proposition
coming before the Committee on Finance to add
two or three clerks, was generally contested or
talked about for a day before we could agree to it,
thinking that there were already more employes
of that sort than were needed. But, sir, we have
lately been in the habit of going on a larger scale,
and reflection has satisfied me that it is a matter
of absolute necessity, that we cannot look upon
things with the same eyes that we did a few years
ago; and my friend from Kentucky suggested the
right idea a day or two ago in debate, when he
said, as applicable to myself, that when we were
in the habit of talking of hundreds of millions, a
quarter of a million did not look like a very large
amount.
Now, sir, I congratulata my friend from New-
Hampshire on one thing, and that is, that if this
