J 863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a private clerk whom he should employ to do this
work for him. These papers come to the office.
He is responsible for them. He says he has not
the physical power to go through them and ex-
amine them carefully; he can only examine the
great questions that arise; he wants this aid. It
is simply adding help to enable him to do that for
which he is legally responsible. Then whatever
he acts upon goes, by law, to the Treasury De-
nartment. He is responsible for what goes there.
Therefore, these men do not amount to anything
except simply aids to him. It is just as if the Sen-
ator should sit down at his table to-night and
should call around him two or three cleiks and
should say to them, " I want you to examine my
correspondence, to answer this letter," or " read
that," or " aid me in any way." Thatis all there
is about it.
Mr. HOWARD. Then what are they but
mere clerks ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Quar-
termaster General desired that these officers should
have a salary of $2,500. Our committee cut them
down to $2,000. We thought competent men
could be obtained for $2,000. Then he wanted
the additional clerks to be of the first, second,
third, and fourth classes. We cut them all down
to the fii st class, the lowest salai y, $1,200 a year;
but as to thirty of them, we provide that they
shall be copyists at $600 a year, and lie intends
to employ women to do that work.
Mr. HALE. The Senator has admitted away
the whole of his bill, every particle of it. He
says the Quartermaster General wants just ex-
actly what 1 was willing to give him, additional
clerks. But General Meigs is a military man; he
is a brigadier; he wears one star on his shoulder,
and he does not wish to have un-ie cleiks. He
wants a man with a high office, with a high-sound-
ing name; so he asks us to give him auditors, and
to create an extraordinary board. The result will
be that we shall he asked to do the same thin*? in
the Adjutant General's department, and in other
branches of the War Department, and in the Navy
Department, and these new auditors will intro-
duce confusion.
I listened to the Senator from Connecticut in
his lecture to me on economy with a good deal of
pleasure, as I always do to him.
Mr. FOSTER. It was not a lecture.
Mr. HALE. I understood it so. At least the
Senator referred to me. But, sir, the whole dif-
ference between him and me is that he wants three
auditors appointed at a salary of $2,000 a year
each, while I am willing to allow tlnee clerks, to
receive the highest pay we give any clerks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is $1,800 a year.
The difference would be but $600.
Mr. HALE. I do not care if I do not save the
snap of my finger; I do not want a new bureau.
The next thing will be that these auditors will
come here and ask for a chief clerk for every one
of them; and then they will want a deputy and
an assistant clerk, and a stenographer, and so on.
It will be like the Court of Claims, that has a soli-
citor, an assistant solicitor, and a deputy solicitor;
and that will be what this solicitor will want. Now,
sir, the only way is to be consistent: tell General
Meigs to be content with our giving him just
exactly as much clerical force as he wants, and
not resort to this new and untried and extrava-
gant proposition to create a new board of officers
m th is syj^ordinate department of the Government.
I agree toeverything that the Senator from Maine
says; if he has not got force enough, give it to
him. If a hundred and twenty clerks are not
enough, give him a hundred and fifty, if you are
satisfied that they are necessary; only do not cre-
ate this new board of officers who will introduce
confusion. But, sii, I shall not occupy any more
time.
Mr. GRIMES. Is on amendment to the sec-
ond section now in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to the first section pending, offered by
the other Senator from Iowa, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not persist in that
amendment if the Senator from Massachusetts
deems it unnecessaiy. I think on consideuitton
he will agrt-e to insert all that portion of the amend-
ment on which I fee! disposed to insist. The text
of the bill now is, "and who shall perform such
duties as may be assigned to them und<«r the di-
rection of the Quartermaster General." I pro-
pose to add there, " and as are now required of
him by law;" so that it shall not enlarge his juris-
diction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that we
could alter the phraseology, and remedy the ob-
jections of these gentlemen very readily, by strik-
ing out all after the word " three," in the fourth
line of the first section, to the word " who," in
the seventh line* and inserting " clerks of class
four;" so as to read:
That there shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice. ami consent of tin* Senate, three clerks of
elah&foui, whoMiall pn form Mich duties a* may be assigned
to them under the direction of the tiimrtcrmaster General.
Mr. HALE. The President does not appoint
a clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then say " tW shall
be appointed by the Secretary of War three clerks
of class four," if you do not want to call them j
! auditors. It seems to be agreed all around that
1 this additional force is necessary. J do not think
I there is much in the name; but if that objection
! js a valid one, just say that there shall be ap-
1 pointed by the Secretary of War three cleiks.
i Mr. FESSENDEN. ' What will you do with
I would leave him in; he
the solicitor?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
seems to be needed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you provide the neces-
sary salary that will do pohnps. The Quarter-
master General wants some one of sufficient legal
ability to examine the legal questionsarising there;
there are a great many of them. If you give the
competent salary, I do not know that it will be
any objection that lie is called a clerk; but if he
{I is a clerk of class four, he svill get but $1,800 a
ji year.
|t Mr. TRUMBULL. He proposes but $2,000
!, now.
!■ Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The De-
'' partment asked for $2,500, but we cut it down to
l! $2,000.
|j Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the suggestion to
j! remedy this whole difficulty. I wish to aid in the
j passage of this bill, for I think some bill of this
■I kind is nece.ssaiy. I would suggest, then, to the
i Senator from Massachusetts, who has charge of
! the bill, that he just make the first section read:
| "That there shall be appointed by the Secretary
| of War four cleiks," or five if you please, "of
; class four, to peiform such duties as may be as-
' signed them," &c.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate come to that
j conclusion, it would be best to strike out that sec-
! tion altogether, and let the second section be:
! That there shall he added to the eieriea) foiee of the Qu.tr-
1 tmmi-terGi-m'ifi!'-Orhe<' tour eh-rksof class, four, and one
• hundred arid twenty clerks itc.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be just as
' well.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I propose to amend the
| second section so as to provide how they shall
j be appointed, it is now ambiguous, ft does not
' provide that they shall be appointed by the Pres-
I ident, or even by the Secretary of War.
! Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sec-
j retaiy of War appoints them.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
; from Iowa that we never put in a provision such
' as he suggests. When we add to the force of a
i Department, no matter where it goes, in no case
! will it be found that we say by whom the clerks
i shall be appointed, because, as a matter of course,
| if nothing is said about it, they are appointed by
' the head of the Department.
Mr. GRIMES. But the law does not say, or-
dinarily, that they shall be retained so long as shall
;; watisfy the t.hu*f"of the bureau; and that clause
I, hei'i,*thut they shall be letaincd as long as the
'! Quartermaster General may see fit, may luul to
the construction that lie is to appoint them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There u* no objection to
\< making that definite.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if the first section
I' is stricken out, 1 move to amend the second sec-
Ji tion, so as to m ike H ieyd:
ij That there MmU no added to this clerical force of the
i! Quartermaster (icin'ral's Ofii«'o, to he appointed hy the Hee
tar} of Wai four clerks 'it chi*.* torn. and ono handled and
twenty cleiks tt  be employed as> long a*. tho (iuai ierma&-
tur Gerieiat mav deem u *c< s^aiy, and to ho ela-^ed as !ol-
lows : namely, ninety rlerkf of class one, and thirty copy-
ists, at an animal compensation of $600.
I think the section needs amendment there also.
| That $600 will apply to the ninetry clerks as well
! as the copyists.
! Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The salary
! of class one is fixed by law.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. This would change the
| law the way Us reads.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I suggest that it can be
simplified in half a dozen words, so as to read:
That there shall be added to the clerical force of the Quar-
tenna>tei General's Office, to he appointed by the Secretary
of War, lour clerks of class lour, ninety cleiks of class one,
and thnty copyists, at an annual compensation of $600.
The classes fix the compensation of -the clerks;
but when you employ copyists, and thus intro-
duce a class not known to the law, you have tb
designate what their compensation shall be.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. And six
laborers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The phraseology which
1 have proposed will probably cover all that is
necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, to strike out the first section of the
bill.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. As we seem to be agreed
; as to the form in which the bill shall stand, I sug-
| gest to (he Senator from Massachusetts whether
i lie had not better let it go over. I wish myself to
' draw up a section to be added to the bill providing
1 for the evidence on which the accounts shall be
| settled where the vouchers are lost. At present
i such accounts cannot be settled. It ought to be
! provided for.
' Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
i that the fiist section be amended, so as to read -
! thus:
i That thoie shall he appointed h> thp President, by and
] with the advice and consent of the Senate, o f ufheer to
' b.3 fctvh'd th<* f-olu ilor for the quartermasters'department,
. at a compensation of $v2,000 pei annum, who i-hajl be a per-
son of lf<*al knowledge and ability. and who shall, under
the ducmiori o' the Qimi teimaster General, trme charge of
and advice the Quaitenna^ter Genejal upon all legal ques-
tions aitsing in the military service of the quartermaster'#
department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
bettor.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then lot
three fourth class clerks he provided for. It seema
i' to me they ou^lit to have such a legal officer un-
li dm- present circumstances, and it would be better
;! to have him appointed by the President, by and
ij with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have 110 objection to
5; that, and 1 would put his salary at $2,500, as I
ij do not think you can get a man fit to be there to
i perfoim these duties for less than $2,500. I made
i the proposition in the form l did, to meet the ob-
[' jections of others.
j! Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move,
j| then, to strike out all after the word " Senate,"
|i in the fourth line of the fust section, down to tha
![ word "one," in the tenth line, and to substitute
|| "an" for " one," so pa to make it read:
ij That there *!mll be appointed hy the President, by and
!j with the advice ami consent ot'the l5enitle.au officer to be
I styled the solicitor Ibi the quiuterma^tei Nd.-pilrtni.'nt, &e.
|| I move, also, to strike out " $2,000" and insert
it " $2,500" as his salary.
| Mr. LANE, id'Kansas. I should like to have
:! the word " buieau" inserted instead ofdepart-
!| ment," where it occurs. "Say quartermaster's
j! bureau," instead of " department."
!> Mr, FESSENDEN. "Department" is the
! common name.
j: The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The question
j! is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
' chusetts.
jl A division being called for, the ayes were nine-
! teen.
|! Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
,j The PRESIDING OFFICER decided that the
: yeas and nays were not ordered, only six Senators
| usin^ to second the call.
jj Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that we have
I not a fjuonitn, and 1 think we had betteradjourn.
ji Mr.TRUMBULL. If a division isinsisted on,
■i we must adjourn.
^ Atr. POWELL. I move that when the Senate
'i adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
;j Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 hope not.
!l We ought to meet to-morrow,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall call for a division
il on that motion.
