186°-
O.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
the speech, as it was finally published in the Ap-
pendix, and found that it had been very much
smoothed over, that it had been •' curried off," but
still containing substantially the same sentiment.
I therefore piefeired to take the report as it was
sent off without revision; and there is no substan-
tia! correction of the sentiment of the extract of
the speech as I have quoted it, and it is perfectly
consistent with the gentleman's whole course since
the war commenced. That is my explanation,
and the member may make the most of it.
Mr. VALLAND1GHA1V1. The memory of
the member fiom Ohio is about as coired in this
particular as it was of what occurred in the pri-
vate meeting of the Ohio delegation, to which he
has referred. Let the House iudsre of what it is
worth.
Having corrected this most glaring error in the
New York Herald's report, I proceeded to re-
rmuk that—
There uie many other minor errors in the Mtmmary of
the Herald; winch will app'.ar fiom the official .eport
!>ut which I did not take the trouble to correct.
Several days afierwai ds, having corrected in style
and verbiage only, but not in any material factor
sentiment, the manuscript of ihe reporters, as will
appear from the oiUsnal manuscript in the Globe
office> if any one will take the trouble to examine
it, with the corrections in my own handwriting,
the speech was published in the Globe substan-
tially as spoken.
I am soi ry to trouble the House with these mat-
ters. I did not introduce them. They have no
business here at any time, and especially in times
like these. But if the member will bring up and
misquote a speech of mine made two or three years
ago, 1 do not mean to be misunderstood. And if
any man thinks that he will be allowed to mis-
repit-sent me without response before the public,
he has not learned the character of the man he is
dealing with.
Now, in respect to the u dead body" calumny,
now again repeated by the member from Ohio,']
have to say that the miserable falsehood was man-
ufactured and published by the abolition press,
and was promptly denied by me in a printed card,
and lias been always denied ever since; and yet
now, for the pui pose of contemptible electioneer-
ing capital, it is again dug up fiom the sinks and
cesspools of partisan falsehood.
As to the report of my speech lecently at New-
ark, New Jersey, and the misreport ot it repre-
senting me as saying that the confederates " ought
to be induced to invade the North," I have already
denied and corrected it when alluded to the other
evening by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] i never uttered such a senti-
ment, and never entertained it in my heart.
And now, sir, 1 recur to and read fiom the offi-
cial report of the speech of December 15, 1859.
In the course of that speech I remarked: t
'* I have -aid.and n peal, that the sentiments which have j
been a\o\v(i an-1 the ^jatemein-* made upon this tioor.de- |
mawinur notice and ieph. impel me to break the silence !
winch I have thus iai obsei ved. The North and the ►Sooth 1
stand li'-ie arrayed agauf-t each other. Upon the one tide. !
1 behold muiit-iioal powei ; upon the other, the Viojrnt, j
even fie' '-e son u of retis'ianc. Disunion ha-- heen thif at-
ened. Sir. iii all tbifc eontioverav, so far ui it is iCttional. j
I oecupv the pov.tio-e of aimed neutiahty." j
There was no war in the country then, no re- i
belhon, no collision; a controversy of words only; j
and it was to that I referred.
lK F nin not a nojthern man*'—
A distinction I have always observed within the
last five years, when speaking of the different sec-
tions of the country. I was born in the West;
and it is my country, when you speak of country;
it is my section, when you speak of section; and
I am of and for Ohio, because it is my native
State; and Ohio is the iirst-born and now empire
State of the Northwest.
tvl have little ,-ympath} with the Noah;*'
speakmg not of the section in which I lived, but
of the cenu\tj and New England States—
'■ no vcty good feplins for. and am hound to her by no tie
h.'tMX'vri om<*i thai) what once weie, and ought alw.ixs
to In- .unotiL" the sttonavstoi all ties, a common language
and common countiy.1'
And that being the only tie, I referred to it
accordingly.
t;Loa-t of ail am I that mo,n unseemly and abjcct of all
political spectacles?, a ' northern man with southern prin-
ciples' -
Why did not th^ member from Ohio quote that?
lj Because it would have been n contradiction of the
i; whole tenor and purpose of his speech—
j: *• hnt.God he thanked,sun a United States man, with Uni-
j| ted State.. principles
[| Is that patriotic ? Is that loyal—devoted to the
!j Union?
|] " When I emitnate to the South. take up ipy abode there,
!i identify iny>eii with hei uiteie-t?, hoidnursiave" or holding
j1 none, then, and not nil then, will I have a right, and wit j it
j| he nn dutv, and no doubtmv plea-mrc. to maintain and .*up-
:: poii sotuhem ptmeiple.s and southern institutions. Then,
!; I am not a mhiiI.u^i man oilier. although in tins up-
holy and most unconstitutional c:us;ide against the South,
in the muM of the m\ a-ton. nr=on. irwineclion, and nnu-
dei to winch she ha1- been subject, and wfth which she is
still threatened ; with the tore!) of the ineendiaij anil the
d<tgg< r ol the as-M^m sii-pended over her. my most cordial
sympathies are wbolh svith her.:J
And they were at that time,for it was just after
the murderous and treasonable raid of John Brown
against Virginia at Harper's Ferry, and it was
that, and the continual apology for and justifica-
tion of it, to which I referred.
" Mr. (Jleik, I have heard a good deal said here, and rlse-
wheio, about 4 sowhein nghis.-' Su,l have no'respect—
none— none—for southern ng!it-= merely because they au>
southern rights."
Why was not that quoted by the member ? He
well knows why.
"TIkv nre your^, gentlemen, not mine ; maintain them
here, u it inn the Union.'*
Yes, sir, that was theadvicewhich I gave when
they thiEaiened secession and disunion—" main-
tain them within the Union"—and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mi. Thomas] declaiec! to-
night Unit the true men of Massachusetts would
maintain and defend the Union by arms, if need
were, within her limits—
"FninlV; feaile&slv, boldly, quietly.
Any secession in that, any rebellion, any blood-
shed ? None, sir; none.
l-Do it like men. Defend thnm here and everywhere,
and wuh all the mean* in yom p'uvei. a;- I know jou will
and a-? I know von ean. Yoiktown and "Vew Oilcans the
end of the KevofuU"n. and (lie end of th«* wai are
both yours, and there is no power on < ai iii that can  ubdur
0! conquer you 5;
I said that before the war, and I have said and
say it now again, after two years of such war as
never scourged this eaith since it was created.
'• Hut, while ] nave no inspect lor southern tighNsunply
because they an; southern lights, } have avery tendci and
most profound and penetrating io«aid for my own oblig i-
uo-is. \ oni right1- impose upon me cories-pondimr obhga-
tion«, winch >hall be iuihlled in then spirit and to the very
leutr/'
And if the North and the West had thus ful-
filled these obligations, as they did fulfill thorn until
the abolition party obtained power, the secession-
ists and disunionists of the South never would
have had strength enough even to make a show of
rebellion.
(< Tin ee fitth* rule, fugitive slave law, equal right5 in the
Tcnitories, and \vhat>oevei cite tin- Coii>niutioiij.MVfisyou.
[\ppiaik-e J Our lathers mad^ that compact, and I will
yield a eoulial, ready, and noi grudging, obedience to every
pait of it.
" i have heaid it fcOinetnne« said—it was said here two
years ago ; not on this floor, eeriamly, but elscwhcie—thai
there is- no man from the lree Stato-s, IVoith or West, who
is ; fue te the rtouth.5
That, sn\ was the accustomed phrase of the
original per se disunionists of the South applied to
Democrats who maintained then self-respect. It
was the charge brought against Senator Pugh and
all others among us who would not yield every-
thing, and 1 replied to it in the spirit which became
an American, as a Representative of a constitu-
ency as proud as any southern man represented
upon this floor:
" WpII, gentlemen, that depend? upon what you mean by
being true to the South. li you mean that we. the Uepie-
spntatives; of lh« fu-e Stntes of this Union, Noi th and WcjI,
shall pit h.'re within this Chamber, uttering southern senti-
ment?, consulting; southi-rn interests, Mumming southern
institutions, ant! jjiving son the: ij votes, lecklos of our own
id<;ntiT> and our own self i"-pt ct then T m'V"i \\n^:am
not now. and m-v-^r wii! whii-. (he Representativeof a tree
State, be k true to the South and 1 thank God toi it.'3
Why was not that put into the speech of the
member from Ohio, intended for circulation
through that State?
l£ II that be what is meant by ' rottenne^'
I think that was the charge brought against the
Democracy by a southern Senator in the other
wing of the Capitol—
"If that be what b meant by 'rotU'nness,' in the other
end of the Cap.iol, commend me to lottennesa uli the day-,
of my liie.5>
Now, sir, I will rfad a sentence ft cm th" clos-
j ing part of the speech) and detain the House no
j longer: *
I "Then, wr, I am against disunion. I find no more pleas-,
; ure in a southern disanionist than in a northern or west-
j em diMinioniat. Do not tell me that you of the South have
; apologj jn the events and developments of the last few
I month's, t know jou have.'' * * * *
| "But will you secede now r Will you break up the UniOb
| of these State* r Will you bring down forever, in one pro-
; mi^euous turn, the columns and piHats ol this magnificent
j temple ol liberty, which oui father-^ reaied at s:o gveat eosi
j of blood andot treasuie? WaitaUttle! WtutaHUle! Lei
i us? uj again the peaceful, the ordmarj.Uie constitutional
I ineai^ lor the iedip?s ot giievances. Lot us resort once
1 mote to the hnitot-box. Let u* try yet again thai weapon,
surer set and better than the boyjnet."
That was the advice I gave, and had it been
followed in the North and South and West, this
country never would have been involved in a civil
war.
Again I beg pardon of the Blouse for trespass-
ing so long upon its time, but I have been forced
again into it by the repetition and reiteration of
charges absolutely and unqualifiedly false, or facta
utterly distorted and misrepresented for a mere
partisan purpose.
INDIVISIBILITY OF THE UNION.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, some two
months ago I offered certain resolutions on which
J have had no opportunity to ask the action of the
House. I will discuss them as if they were un-
der consideration. The resolutions are as follows:
Re.soh-c(l, That this Union must be, and remain, one and
indivisible fo><>v r.
Resolved, That if' any person in the employment of the
United States, in eitb-M the legislative or executive branch,
should piopusc to make peace, or should accept or advise
the acceptance of any such proposition on any other basis
than the n.tegntj and cntne umn of the United States and
their ri i rutone.- as the> existed at the tune of the lebellion,
he will be giii'ty ot a high ciime.
Resohci!., That tin- Government ean never accept the
mediation oi peintii the intervention of any foreign nation,
duiina ihK lelflhon, in o\u domestic affairs.
iln\nlvrdi That no two Govui ninenb can ever be permit-
ted to e.xi>t w nlun the terntojy now belonging to the Uni-
ted States and which acknowledged their jurisdiction ai
the tune of the insuiiec'ion.
It may be thought that these are stringent and,
in the present aspect of affairs, somewhat defiant
resolutions; but the greatness of a nation is never
so well exhibited as in the midst of great troubles
and dangers. The character of our revolutionary
ancestois never shone so brightly as when their
armies were rcduced to a few thousand men,and
took shelter at Valley Forge. There were many
faint-hearted patriots and false-hearted Tories then
as now advising submission to the British yoke.
But tlie men of the Revolution—the Adamses, the
Hancocks, and Otises—refused to listen for a mo-
ment to any suggestions of peace except upon the
basis of the absolute independence of the Republic.
Rome never appeared greater than when, after
the loss of nearly her whole army at the battle of
Cannae and the slaughter of two thirds of her sol-
diers, the senate went outside the walls in a body
to meet the fugitive general, and voted him thanks
" because he had not despaired of ihe republic
That this Republic is beset with difficulties, it
were useless to deny—with difficulties much more
numerous than can well be accounted for, consid-
ering the vast resources of the United States and
the feeble powers and vulnerable condition of the
rebels. It is not my purpose to inquire why itis
so. I will neither criminate nor reenminnte. Cen-
suring the Administration and making war upon
the generals would but aggravate the evil. Unity
of purpose and harmony of action is the only way
in which we can hope to succeed. With these and
wise counsels success is certain.
I shall make no argument in favor of the first
resolution, because I have found no man, claim-
ing to be loyal, who does not agree to it.
The second proposition involves thesame prin-
ciples as the first,and needs nofurtherar&ument.
If the House should approve of the first and
second resolutions, the third seems to follow as a
corollary. If this great nation ought to live for-
ever, lie who counsels its destruction deserves
death. He who does not desire to see it live for-
ever is an enemy to liberty and to the civilization
of the human lace, f trust there will be no vote
against this proposition.
The remaining resolution requires more consid-
eration. There seems to be a good deal of anxiety
lest foreign nations should recognize the inde-
pendence of the confederate States. I do not know
why it creates any uneasiness. 1 do not see how
