1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the obligations and duties of the parties would be
changef. ForeignPowers have already acknowl-
edged them as belligerents; so have we, by our
unfortunate blockade. The subjects of neutral
nations may, if they choose to incur the risk, try
to run the blockade. Ifthey are captured, andthe
blockade is adjudged to be effective, they incur
the forfeiture, and their country does not protect
them. If ineffective, restitution is awarded. If
their independence were acknowledged, the effect
of a blockade on neutral commerce would be the
same, and not otherwise. How, then, would the
acknowledgment injure us or aid them ? Not in
the least.
There is one thing in which the recognition of
the southern confederacy as an independent na-
tion would change our relations with foreign coun-
tries. While we claim those States to be but in-
surgent provinces within our jurisdiction, we are
bound to treat all the subjects of foreign nations
who happen to reside there with justice. If in-
justice be done them by Government officials, the
parent country has a right to call on our Govern-
ment for redress, as we did on Austria,and France
is said lately to have done with us. If independ-
entnations are at war, all men who choose to con-
tinue their residence in the enemy'a country are
enemies equally with the native-born citizen, and
their native country has no right to intermeddle
to protect them. But in insurrections, only the
rebels are enemies, and all others, although res-
ident in the disturbed district, are entitled to pro-
tection, and the country to which they owe alle-
giance may watch over their welfare. Hence,
recognition must be worse for the subjects of for-
eign nations.
But other nations might tender their mediation,
as France has proposed to do. However accept-
able such offer might be in wars between nations
whose independence is acknowledged by both par-
ties, no nation capable of self-defense and con-
scious of its own dignity would ever tolerate such
mediation, nor even the intcrccssioji of other na-
tions in their internal affairs, notwithstanding the
country is divided by civil war. (1 Wildman,53.)
The claim that other nations must not suffer by
such wars, and therefore they might intermeddle
for the general good, is a repudiation of the equal-
ity and independence of nations. Bynkcishoek
calls such a principle " monstrum horrendum, in-
forms, bigens, cui lumen ademtum."
The right to intervene is still less allowable.
Rome declared that it was not allowable to in-
termeddle with the domestic affairs even of her
rival, Carthage. The attempt to control their in-
ternal affairs is never made, except when the one
nation is powerful and the other feeble; then it
is a shameless and lawless exercise of might over
right. Such at present is the attitude of France
toward distracted Mexico. Even she has spirit
enough to assert, if she cannot defend, hor dignity.
This is a question so important for our con-
stituents to understand, that I bog leave to quote
copiously from Sergeant Wihl man, one of the latest
and best writers on international law. lie refers
to and fully refutes a dictum of Vattel, which has
been construed to authorize such interference in
certain extreme cases. He says, (page 47;)
"No State lias any right to intermeddle m the internal
affairs of another. This rule is a necessary consequence
of the legal equality and exelu.-ive jurisdiction of independ
ent States. A tight of mtorlerenoo cannot be claimed even
by an ally, much less can it be churned by a ganger. When
certain Uaithaginians in Home picl'eried chaigos against
Hannibal, Sejpio deelaiod that the Roman senate would
not be instilled in intermeddling in the. allans of Carthagm-
ians. ili'iein, as An*totle lias observed, consi>ta the dif-
ference between :i confedciaey and a State—that it is the
duty oi confederates to protect each othoi against foreign
invasion, but not against domestic disorder. Piotection
docs not take away national independence, which cannot
exist without sovereign authority.
" International lights and duties are reciprocal. No na-
tion is entitled to exercise any light which it is not bound
to allow umh'i the like circumstances; nnda^ no powerful
State would allow a leehle neighbor to intermeddle in its
domestic affairs, so neither has a poweiful State a right to
intermeddle m the domestic affairs ot a feeble neighbor.
The perfect equality ami entire independence o{ ali distinct
States is a principle of public law g"nerally recognized as
fundamental. Relative magnitude eieates no distinction
ofngiit; lelativi imbecility, whethei permanent or casual,
gives no additional light to the more powerful neighbor',
and any advantage se^ed on that ground i^ mere usurpa-
tion. Tin.- I-* the gteat foundation of public law, which it
mainly concerns the peace of mankind, both in their pol-
itic and private capacities, to pte&erve inviolate.
"Even such interventions as are humane and disinter-
ested in their purpose are illegal. Though they may be
beneficial in act, they are pernicious In example ; for char-
ity may be made a cloak for ambition, and a State is no
more justified than a private person in doing evil that good
may come. Though its charity be genuine, a nation has
no right to impose benefits upon its neighbors by force, or
to gidtify its humanity at the expense of their independ-
ence.
" It has been said that the rule is subject to exceptions
which cannot with propriety be expressed in institutes or
elements of international Jaw. This evasion, which hath
been applied to excuse the usurpation of kings, is just as
applicable to excuse the usurpation of republics; but it is
not, therefore, entitled to the indulgence with which it has
been cited by a republican lawyer.^
" The discretion of a statesman is properly employed in de-
termining whether a State shall execute the right it has, but
to assume a right which it has notis mere usurpation. The
maintenance of peace is the usual plea with which usurpa-
tions are excused. Such was the plea set up by those sov-
ereigns who, many yeais ago, took upon themselves by their
mutual compacts to dispose, accoidmg to their pleasure, of
the dominions of other sovercieigns, as ifthey had been
the dominions of the contracting parties. Such wrongs are
the offspring of what is called reason of State, which, says
Bynkershoek, I define— montfrum horrendum, informe, in-
gens, cui lumen ademtum. With those who once give way
,to this monster, and allow themselves to deal with the prop-
erty of others as their own, all discussion of the law of na-
tions is idle.
"Yet it has been said that when a country is divided by
a civil war, each faction is to be deemed an independent
State, and that a foioign Power may assM those whose
cause it deems to be ju'st; and this conclusion is deduced
from the principle that they are independent of all foreign
authority, and no ioieign Power has any light to judge their
acts.
"This doctrine is contradicted by the precedents, which
in such cases prohibit not only inteiference but even inter-
cession.5'
" Cardinal Richelieu, having learned that the papal nun-
cio had been icquested by the Court ot Soissons to piocure
for him the intercession of the Pope, informed the nuncio
that the king would be displeased if his Holiness inteifered
in the matter; that it was a domestic affair, and that his
Majesty would not allow any one to interfcie between him
and his subjects. On a Mib-equent occasion the French
embassador wa> mmi noted to negotiate for a settlement of
the differences existing between the Pope and the Duke of
Farina rejecting the Duchv ot' <\i-tro. The instant the
subject was mentioned the Pope declared that he required
the personal suhmi'-Moii of the duke, that it would be a per-
nicious precedent to allow a subject to tieat with Ins sov-
ereign, and to negotiate teuns of accommodation thiough
the intervention of a toicigri Powei."
"In 1G«)0, during the quanel between the Prince of
Orange and the States of Holland, when the prince was be-
sieging Am^teidam. the Spanr>h embassador offeied him
the assistance of the Spanish tioop> for the reduction of
the town, The Prince of Orange icplied that the Kmsr of
Spain had no busmen to intcrterc in the domestic affairs
ot the count! y/'1
" When the differences between the prince andthe States
vveie settled, the same embassador, in attempting to icpan
his first mistake, committed another by demanding an audi-
ence of the Stato to congratulate them on their icconeil-
lation with the pnnee. As Minn a-, the States were aware
of the. puipo"'} for which he had demanded an audience,
which was not diseoveied till he was at the fool of the
staircase, they sent a message to request that it might be
dctei red *'
On the same pi met pie, an offer of mediation on the part
of the States (fcneial, between the Dukes of i>iunswiek
and Lunehomgand the city of ill unswick, which they vveie
besieging, was (ejected, and I heir deputies were not allowed
to communicate with the city.''
'•The doetiineof Vattel, which is as little reconcilable
with icasou as it is with precedent, is piobab!\ founded
upon a mi-construction of a passage ftom Giotius, which
does not suppoit it."
1 know \evy well whore the sympathies of the
monarchies of Europe tend. There is nothing
they so much dread as a prosperous, mighty re-
public on this continent. It would lie a school
in which their subjects would learn the value of
democratic principles, would gradually accept the
idea of universal liberty, would leaiu to govern
themselves, and dispense with thrones and nobil-
ities. In a few years, if we remain united, we
would become a match for any or all the despots
of Europe. Jf this nation wore broken into frag-
ments, and two or three republics were to arise
upon its rums, we should be a feeble people, inca-
pable of self-defense. The Old World wo.uld shape
our institutions, regulate ourcommerce, and con-
trol all our interests. Free trade would bring with
it the destruction of our manufactures, the prostra-
tion of our commerce, and finally dictatu the rul-
ers who should sit upon our thrones. The fate of
Greece, of Italy, and I fear the approaching fate
of Mexico, should be our warning.
I am aware that a late English writer (Phillmore)
attempts to prove that there are cases in which
nations may intervene. But he speaks cautiously
of them as exceptions to the general rule. He
cites the intervention of England m the French
Revolution. But the British prime minister at the
time put it on the ground that France had pro-
claimed the doctrine of calling on all nations to
rebel, and establish $t liberty and equality," and
tendering them aid. Intervention there was an
act of self-defense. So intervention in the Greek
revolt was put by England on the ground of ne-
cessity to extirpate the pirates that infested those
seas and pieyed on British commerce.
These might be mere pretenses; but they show
that a pretext was thought necessary to justify
them before the tribunal of nations.
Intervention to preserve the balance of power
has no application to civil wars, but is claimed,
as against independent belligerents, to prevent the
conqueror from adding such large dominions to
his own as to endanger his neighbors. The Holy
Alliance justified themselves by the necessity ot
restraining France from acquiring universal em-
pire. But such interference was defended as ex*
ceptional. England refused to join in it as a per-
manent rule. It has never becomc an article ot
national law.
Nations have sometimes intermeddled to stop
the effusion of blood, and to rescue men of similar
religions with themselves from religious persecu-
tion and oppression. Such were the Crusades;
such the cautious and hypocritical aid rendered by
Queen Elizabeth to the Protestants of the Neth-
erlands and France. But publicists have generally
treated those acts as contrary to the law of na-
tions, though disposed to palliate them on the
ground of humanity.
The late attempt of France to induce England
and Russia to join her in an effort to arrange our
domestic affairs is a violation of every principle
of national law, and a gross indignity to an inde-
pendent nation. Wildman (page 47) says:
kCNo State has any right to intermeddle in the internal
affairs of another, (even by intercession, p. 37, § 5.) This
rule Is necessary as the neeet-sary consequence of the legal
equality and exclusive jurisdiction of independent States.
A light of interference cannot be claimed by an ally, much
less can it be claimed by a stianger."
The argument of the author is elaborate and
conclusive to prove this proposition. He says:
" The exceptions by which it is attempted to restrict the
piohibition of forcible intervention in the internal affairs of
independent States arc wholly inadmissible. Eien such in-
terventions as are humane and disinterested m their purpose
arc illegal. The maintenance of peace is the usual plea
with which such usuipations are cxcused."
He states our very case, (page 51:)
'• Yet it has been said that when a country is divided by
a civil war each faction is to be deemed an independent
State, and that a foreign Power may assist those whose
cause it deems to be jn^t; and his conclusion is deduced
from the principle that they are independent of all foreign
aulhontv, and no foreign Power has any right to judge their
acts. This doctune of the nght to inteifere is contiadicted
by precedents which in such cases prohibited not only in-
terlereuce, but even intercession."
The French minister says in his dispatch:
" But this spectacle, which does .so much honor to their
coinage, is onlygiven at the price of numbeiless calamities
and a prodigious effusion of blood. To these lesults ofcivil
wai, which from the very fiist assumed vast proportions),
theie is still to be added the apprehension of servile war,
which would be the culminating point of so many irrepa-
rable dieasteih."
But now comes the potential reason:
"Europe itself has suffered from the consequences of the
crisis which has dried up one of the most fruitful sources
of public wealth, and winch has become, for the gieat cen*
teis of labor, a cause ot most sad tuals."
For these reasons he says that "intervention is a
mission which international law assigns to neu-
trals."
Earl Russell, while deeming the movement pre-
mature, acquiesces in this construction of the lav
of nations, but states that—
"Ilcr Majesty'?) Government will watch carefully the
progress of opinion in Amoiiea, and if it be found to have
undeigone any change, the three Couits might avail them-
selves of the opportunity to offer then fuendly counsels."
In other words, " if the Democratic party suc-
ceed, their advice in rending the Union asunder"
may be offered with a better prospect of success.
1 have looked in vatn through the be3t writers
on national law for any such " mission assigned
to neutrals." It is true that Vattel, following
what he supposed to be the meaning of Grotius,
asserts that " when subjects have been so op-
pressed as to cause a revolt, foreign nations have
a right to aid them against their oppressors.'* But
the author from whom I have been quoting has
shown, by elaborate and conclusive argument,
that Vattel, generally so correct, entirely mistook
the meaning of the text, and that Grotius and all
others hold a different doctrine. To admit that
proposition would be to make a foreign nation a
judge of the justice of the war, when, in truth,
such nation had no jurisdiction.
We have already seen that no precedent can be
