10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23.
„ Mr. TRUMBULL. We will vote it down
without a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
irteet oh Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
* ;Mh WILKINSON. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed, in order
to take up the bili (H. R. No. 589) for the relief
;of persons for damages sustained by reason of
<JefH*edationsand injuries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians. ^My object is to take up that bill and
t&en to, move an adjournment in order that to-mor-
row it may be the unfinished business of to-day.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. I prefer to go on with this
bill to-morrow. I think we can finish it in half
an hour then.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
• HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 23, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NUMBER OF VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in answer
to the first branch of the resolution of the House
of December 11, inquiring what number of sol-
diers of the volunteer and regular Army have been
placed on the pay roll of the Army; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
COST OF MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
- The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General in
response to a resolution of the House of the 19th
instant, relative to the cost of mail transportation
between New York and Washington for the last
four years; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying: the House
that the Senate have passed a bill (S. jNo. 448) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the Governor of Minnesota, or his authorized
agent, thecosts, charges, and expenses incurred in
suppressing Indian hostilities within that State
and upon its borders in the year 3862, in which lie
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate iiave passed a bill (H. R.
No. 226) to amend an act tu establish a court for
the investigation of claims against the United
States, approved February 24,1855, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
GEORGE W. JOHNSON.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
a bill for the relief of George W. Johnson; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and ordered to be printed. *
WASHINGTON THEATER COMPANY.
Mr. CALVERT, by unanimous consent, report-
ed from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia House bill (No. 684) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Theater Company, with amendments, and
asxed that the bill be put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Tiie amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not think a
measure of this character should be passed with-
out some understanding as to the merits of the
bill. 1 wish to know how much it may interfere i
with private enterprise. I do not know that upon
a full understanding of the bill I should object to
it; but I suggest to the gentleman who reported
the bill that he allow it to be postponed for one or
two weeks. I have no wish to impede its prog-
ress; but I think we should have a little more time
to consider it. I move to postpone the consider-
ation of the bill for one week.
- Mr. STEYENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give way for a moment to
enable me to give notice of a bill to amend the
charter of the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can give his
notice under the rules. It is not in order to give
notice of any bill in open House. -
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. STEYENS. I ask for the vote on my
motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill of the House (No. 659) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee
had proceeded in its reading of thebillforamend-
ment to the end of the seventh section.
The Cleik read the eighth section, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further cnactcd. That the provisions of
the act entitled ••An act to piovule lor the hotter organiza-
tion of the Treasuiy, and for the collection, safekeeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenues," ap-
proved August 6,1846, be, and the same are hereby, so far
modified as to authonze the Secietary of the Treasury, at
his discretion, lo allow any money obtained from loans or
internal revenue to be deposited m solvent banks, to the
credit of the Trea^urei of the United States, upon deposit-
ing, by said banks, with the Treasurer an amount of United
States bonds or interest-bearing Treasury notes equal to
such deports, respectively, as security lor the payment
theicof; and from time to time the Secietary of the Treas-
n y may use such deposit5*, by diaft or check, to pay anj'
of the creditors oi tlic Government, or foi tran&fei to the
Treasury or authonzed depositones.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I propose to sub-
mit an amendment to the eighth section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 have an amend-
ment, which I desire to present, to the preceding
section. I move to strike out the entire section,
and insert what f send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STEVENS. We have passed thatsection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ver-
mont will be permitted to offer his amendment,
unless objection be made.
Mr. STEVENS. I make objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope not.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to hear it read
if the gentleman desires.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will explain
to the gentleman what it is. It is the oiiginal sec-
tion as amended by the committee, with the ex-
ception of the amendment adopted on motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. As I supposed. It is an at-
tempt to undo what the committee yesterday did
deliberately.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I do it for the purpose
of speaking five minutes on the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Is an appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Have I the floor
upon my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment has not been received.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I insist
on my appeal, for the purpose of occupying the
time of the committee five minutes in showing the
absurdity of the language as well as the matter
of the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order.
I object to his characterizing as absurd what the
committee has deliberately done.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ex-
plain one point.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have the right
to state my point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has made no
point of order. I made the point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, sir, I wish
merely to suggest to the Chair that I was led into
an error by the change made in the numbering of
the sections. It was merely a mistake; and I think
I have the right to offer the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is cleax'ly out
of order.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order to move to go
back and consider this section ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SPAULDING. I suggest that the misun-
derstanding occurrcd in consequence of a change
in the numbering of the sections. 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Vermont will be permitted to offer
his amendment.
The question," Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committeewas
taken; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was decided to be out of
order.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I move to insert
after the words **in solvent banks," in the ninth
line, these words: "to conform to the require-
ments of section eight."
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is no measure on
which 1 can be called to act during this session of
Congress to which my constituents will look with
deeper interest than that of providing ways and
means for the Government. For my action upon
it I shall be held strictly accountable. And the
question with me is not whether this or that in-
terest will suffer damage by the measure nioposed
in any bill for providing the ways and means,
but whether it will damage this or that interest
to an extent that it cannot bear, and will that
damage inure to the benefit of the Government of
the United States? If that be so, then the interest,
be it what it may, must be content to suffer, or suf-
fer in discontent.
What is proposed by this hill ? That the banks
shall be taxed like all other interests for the ben-
efit of the Government at the present crisis of its
existence. It proposes this tax, and for what
reason? This bill would propose a tax on banks
of issue—on their circulation—as a means of tais-
ing the revenue in part which the Government
must have. It would impose a tax un their de-
posits. It is asserted that if this tax be insisted
upon and carried out, then all of the banks must
surrender their charters; that they must close
and wind up their affairs. Very well. 1 do not
believe that the tax proposed would cause any
bank in the State of Maine, nor any sound bank
—the existence of which is necessary for the good
of the community in which it is located—to wind
up its affairs.
I want to call the attention of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] to a brief statement
.contained in the last message of the Governor of
Maine, which shows the prosperous and healthy
condition of the banks of that State. It is as
follows:
" Indeed, our banks were rarely, if ever, in a sounder con-
dition than they are to day. As compaied with last year,
then circulation ha*;, indeed, increased nearly $2,000,000,
but the balances to their credit ar the point of leilemption
have increased by nearly the same sum, while their aggre-
gate amount of specie, notwithstanding the great tempta-
tion to sell presented by the high premium, lias decreased
by only some $40,000." * + * * "Deposits
have increased by more than §1,500,000, while individual
indebtedness to the banks has decreased by a still larger
sum." * * * * a Our financial institutions
are conducted with prudence and honesty; and they prove
that, notwithstanding the many leais and predictions to the
contrary, our State has rarely "had a year of sounder pros-
perity m business affairs than the one which has just
closed."
i presume that that is the condition of the banks
all over New England.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As the gentleman states that
he has read that paragraph from the message of
the Governor of Maine, I would ask him whether
he includes among the banks referred to the Hal-
lowell and Shipbuilders' Banks?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. No, sir; there are
no such banks in that State. The Governor speaks
in relation to the banks of Maine now in existence.
Now, Mr. Chairman, will any gentleman tell
me that any tax which this Congress is likely to
impose on the circulation of these banks, or on
their deposits, will cause them to surrender their
charters? Not a bit of it: they will do no such
thing. My constituents and Congress understand
that. No New England bank, at least, in my
judgment, will surrender its charter for this rea-
son; &nd why? Because these sound banks are
as necessary for the community-in which they are
located as the community is for the banks.
