THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1863.
New Series No. 31.
The business people cannot do without these
banks, unless you give them a substitute which
shall be equally good for business purposes; and
the hanks cannot exist without the support which
they derive from business people; and the stock-
holders, who are a part of the people, will say,
true, we suffer some damage; ourcirculation must
be less, our dividends must be smaller, but what
is our loss is the Government's gain, and what is
the Government's gain is, in the end, our gam.
This is the view 1 take of it, and I think my
constituents would be ashamed of me if I did not
look at it in this light. They do not shrink from
meeting the demand of duty. I am certain that
the banks of Maine are ready to answer, to a rea-
sonable extent, tiie wants of the Government, and
I believe thatthe banksof New England are ready
to do the same thing. But the question which the
people of Maine propose to this Congress is not
how not to tax them; but the question is, how
much do you want as our proportion of all you
propose to mise, and how do you propose to have
us raise it? I repiesent them truly when I say,
these are the questions which they put to you;
and when I add that they are impatiently waiting
to know your answer, for they want to be idismg
the money, that this Government may not be
clogged in its enginery m this hour of the nation 5s
great peril 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, for the pur-
pose of saying a few words in luply to the re-
marks which we have just heard. All that the
gentleman has said only confu ins me the more in
what I declared some days since. At no time can
the banks wind up their affairs so well as at this
time, as it is clearly demonstrated that their dis-
counts being leduced, they will not be so much
distressed as under other encumstauces.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. But, sir, there is
no reason why they should wind up their affairs
and surrender their charteis, since they are as ne-
cessary now as they have ever been for the con-
venience of the people.
Mr. Fessenden's amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move to insert after the
words <£ interest-beating Treasury notes," these
words, "United States notes."
Mr. Chairman, the effect of this amendment will
be to retire from en eolation justas many of the^e
notes as are deposited in tin* Tieasury by such
banks as desire to have the benefit, of the public-
deposits. Yesterday, when 1 otlcied an amend-
ment, I was met by an interruption as unexpect-
ed as it was unwelcome. I was stating that the
system of banks proposed, and for which I am in
some degiee responsible as a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which has reported
the measure, was not an original scheme, but that
it hau its origin in the plan proposed by Mr.
Jeil'eison to meet the exigencies of tin- last war
with England. I had certain passages fiom the
writings of that statesman read, to show that the
system has been earned out with little modifica-
tion.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask that the gentleman's
amendment shall be precisely stated.
Mr. MAYNARD. My amendment is to inseit
u United States notes" ill the tweiuh line ot the
eighth section, meaning another ciass of notes—
the legal tender notes. I was showing why that
class of notes ought to be embraced. Foi that
purpose 1 was attempting to show what was, I
thought, the w isdom of issuing those note* to the
fullest extent that may be practicable. Tin doc-
tune of Mi. Jefferson was thatthe paper eneuL-
tion m a country was a favor, to the extent < t the
interest upon it, to the party which issued that
circulation. He held, thereint, that the banks
should not be allowed to have that benefit, but tnat
it should be restricted to the Government, and
that the banks should be allowed only to receive
deposits and make discounts. He derail u thai
the country at that tune would carry $200,000,000
of Treasury notes^nthe mode he suggested; that
is, b{?sui°* them upon taxation. It the aoiiurvn.
31
that time could carry safely $200,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes, then it would carry $1,000,000,000 to-
day.
While I do not profess to belong to the school of
politics known as the Jeffersonian system; while
I do not profess to adopt ail of the peculiar doc-
trines of that statesman, yet I cannot shut my eyes
to the fact that a large portion of the American
people do; that they believe in his doctrines as
the foundation of their political faith. Wc had
arguments at the last session to show that the
legal-tender feature of these notes was unconsti-
tutional. Let me read from Jefferson to show what
he thought on that subject: *
" It may be impracticable to lay down any general foi in-
ula of wool? which shall decide at once, and with precis-
ion. in every ease. thU limit of jurisdiction. Bu&theieurc
two canons vvliu 1) will <;mde u-. -.liely in most ot the c't-e^.
I The capital and leading object of (tie Constitution wa=; |
to leave Willi the y lateral! autiiontres which iexpected their
own citizens only, and to uauslcr to Hie United rttate> tho-e
\vhn h u -p' etcd citizens ot fmeign or other .Slates: to make
u . several as to ourselves, hut one a* to all mlieis. I n ihe
lattei ca-e, then, conjunctions should lean to the general
jiu i^dieuoti, if Uie woich will bear u, and in ia\oi of the
State- in the rormer, it'po-Mble to be-.o roixuued. And.
indeed, b. iween citizens and eiti/.en-> of the same £rate.
and undei then own laws.l know but a single ease in winch
a jui i-dic turn i- jjrven to the Geneial Government. That
is, wlrcie anjtluni; hut gold 01 silver is made n lawful tendei,
or the obligation of contract* is any otiiei wise impaired.
The ^epaiaie Legislatures had so olteu aim«cd that power,
that the eiu/.en • tln-jtwelves chost- to tiu-t it to the general
rather than to then own special uuthonties."
Whatever merit or demorii, therefore, may at-
tach to the. system of cmrency adopted by us to
furnish the means of cai rymg on the war, may be
faiily credited to the eminent author of the Dec-
laration of Independence. He believed that under
the Constitution the Federal Go vei n mm it, and that
alone, have the power to make other than gold and
silver a legal tender; that m time of wai, at least,
the Government .should furnish the paper cur-
rency required by the comuiy; and in order to do
so, should gradually retire from circulation the
notes of the loeal bank--, confining them to the
business of deposits and discounts. Wc aie giv-
ing his plan a toil and fair trial. If it succeeds,
his admirers will doubtless claim it as another
pi oof of his wise statesmanship; if it fails, it will,
perhaps, be accepted by otheis as additional ptoof
of ! lie eotrcMiu ss of opinions inspecting him they
have loinj, epiM't.-ined.
Mr. IIORTON. i ask that the amendment
offer* d by iIk gvuitleman from Tennessee bo le-
porti-d.
Mr. MAYNAHD. I feel constrained to wilh-
dravv the amendment. I mfiodnced it merely for
the purpose of presenting the point I desired to
make. I think the amendment in itsolfa wise one,
but 1 am not at liberty, consistently with other
obligations, to ndh< re to it.
Mr. IJORTOX. 1 nn \,  to amend in line nine,
by sti iking out the woid.- "interest-bearing."
The amendnt nit was agreed to.
Mr. IIORTON. 1 move to amend in the
twelfth line by striking out the woids "'equal
to," and inserting m lieu thereof the words " no
less than."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOW. 1 move to strike out the entiie
! eighth section. I Uhtko that motion in good faith,
: believing it for the interest of the Government
; and f"i die interest of the people of the United
| States, eitner to a hoi ish the so u-Ti easu ry sy siem
(. nnii ! v, or to ust. i he sab - i'; t asm y sy stem puiv
■' and siiiiole. 1 c«.u ^ee no mcs-my v. hu'ever for
I giving to tiie SucrtluiV ot th< lheasury,at the
■ M'-sciit time, the power to street hnuks tor the
' deposit of the public mon< y of the United States.
It is creeping uuidtutllv buck to the original sys-
tem of pet banks. I do not Wish to impugn the
1! S"'Iveiicy ot the b<niks, or to say tnat they aie not
'j as istife as the sub-Ti easury ot tlu United Sta'es;
j but wheie is tiie uisunnination to stop ? 1' you
,i deposit in tin; banivs of on«- State, w!iv not de-
| posit m those of auothe r ; And tiie matter will g"
j ou until political ia\ one s v> nl he the deposits! n s
| of the public money, and the sub-Treasuters who
n receive the salaries wiil have nothing to do. T
have heard no complaint from the Departments
that they have not been well served by the sub-
Treasury as now conducted, nor have I heard any
demand from the people that any greater facilities
for the deposit of the public moneys shall be
provided. Therefore I hope the section will be
stricken out.
Mr. HORTON. I rise to oppose the amend-
meutof the gentleman from California. He thinks
we ought to have the sub-Treasury repealed en-
tirely, or use Jt pure and simple. 1 would like to
know how we can use the sub-Treasury pure and
simple with nothing but paper money for currency,
with the exception of the small amount of coin
which will be obtained from duties.
This section gives the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the power, if m his discretion it is for the pub-
hc'interest, to use the banks for loaning money,
or to use the banks for depositing the money of
the Government, requiring of them a security in
the shape ofGovcrnmont bonds orTreasury notes,
to an amount not less than tin* amount of deposits,
and as much more as the Secretary sees fit.
Now, my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] is very anxious to give the Secretary of
the Tieasuiy the discretion to issue $900,000,000
of Treasury notes or legal tender notes, if he thinks
it is best. Now, 1 do not think it^is any very
great amount of discretion to confer upon the Sec-
retary the power to deposit the paper money of
the United States in such institutions as he sees
fit, requiiing of them any amount of security he
chooses. 1 think it is a verysafe discretion,and
that those gentlemen who arc so very sensitive
upon this point, air attaining at a gnat in order
that they may swallow a camel.
Mr. HOOPER., i move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury," in the sixth and
seventh lines.
But before I state the reasons why I offer the
amendment, 1 wish to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to the fact that the sub-Treas-
ury pure is authorized to receive the lawful money
of the United States. It is not excluded honi re-
ceiving the legal tender notes. 1 inferred fionihis
statement that the gentleman supposed the law
coiiiim d tin; stib-Tteasury to the receipt of coin.
Mr. HOllTO^. Oh, no; I know better than
that.
Mr. HOOPER. I will now state the reason for
this amendment. Whe.i, with other gentlemen,
as a sub-committee, I waned upon the Secretary
j of the Tieasmy on Saturday last, he stated dis-
! tinrtly, ni wotds winch I putdown m writing 
| Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
| not allude to that.
j Mr. HOOPER. He said that he was entirely
: opposed to the eighth section.
1 'Mr. STEVENS. I lise to a question of order.
Mi. HOOPER. 1 went to the Secretary of the
Tieasiu y oiHemily.
Mr. STEVENS. The w;entlem;m has no right
to n f<_T to the action of tlu committee or of ihe
Seci etiiry of the Tieasui y. 11 is ?til irregular, and
I hui'e no such statements will be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of oulei.
Mr. HOOPER. I will not stale, then, what
the Seen tai y <>f the Treasury stated further; but
[ would (.ail the attention of the committee to the
faot that this act reestablishes 'he old pet. hank
sy -item If ' !><- House wish to do that, of course
they witi do so; bui I di ->re that they shall un-
di-rstand u'nat *h>'v are voting for.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I oppose the
amendhh ut to the am* ndmeiit, and 1 do it with a
\ tew to expi'-ss my concurtencc in the ainend-
meui oiTired by the gentleman fiom California.
I tun not very mnch disposed to enter into a di>-
eiissiou of this financial question, because 1 see
so mueh financial learning upon this side of the
House which seems to be lost. The maitn- is
probably very clear to the gentlemen who speak,
though to those not speaking :t is not very clear.
But this proposition of my friend from Cahfor-
I !■ nia is clearly proper. The object of this sec--
