1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
and the races to be kept separate and distinct there
must be a social and political barrier between them.
Experience everywhere teaches that so soon as
the black man acquires a soci^d equality he crowds
forward to political equality f not by his own ele-
vation, for that is impossible. The white race be-
ing the superior race, every attempt to equalize
them lowers it, until the two commingling together
must produce in the United States what it has pro-
duced in Mexico, in Central and South America,
a race of mongrels, neither white nor black.
But, sir, I deprecate such being made the object
of this war, because, in my judgment, it never
can be accomplished, and must involve the whole
country in utter ruin. Do not gentlemen know
that, in the progress of this war thus far, we have
lost more white men than we have freed negroes;
and are they willing that the immolation shall go
on? i tell them that if they are willing it shall
go on, the people of the country are not; nor lire
the people willing that their money shall be taken
from the Treasury and squandered by Congress
in the purchase of the slaves of loyal masters in
loyal States. The appropriating of a million of
their money, at the last session, for the purchase
of the slaves of this District, was one of the meas-
ures of this Administration condemned by the peo-
ple at the last elections.
This is another of the heresies of the doctrine
that it was slavery caused the rebellion. Sir,
slavery did not cause this rebellion. Itwasslavery
that Massachusetts and South Carolina quarreled
about, an I it was this quarrel spreading North
and South that involved us in this war. Slavery
not only did not cause it, but has taken no part
in it to this day. As well might you say that it
was the negroes causcd the war as that slavery
did, and then demand the extermination of the
negroes. No, sir, slavery was the Mordecai that
sat at the king's gate, an eyesore to Hainan.
Prior to the rebellion you told us that the insti-
tution of slavery would prevent it, because the
South knew they had an element among them that
would take advantage of them in the conflict, and
rise up against them to destroy them. Now you
say itis slavery that feeds the rebellion; that while
the white rebel lights in the field, hie slave remains
at home, protects his family, and raises supplies
to feed him. Liberate the slave, say you, and
you cut ofF this protection and t^ese supplies, and
compel the rebel soldier to return to his home and
his plantation.
Suppose this proposition to be true, how do you
propose to apply your remedy? You proclaim
the wlavns of rebels to be free, but cannot execute
your proclamation, and he remains a slave. You
propose to execute it with the A rmy. Then your
proclamation must go in the rear of your Army,
and cannot travel in advance of it. The Army
crushes out the rebellion as ltgoes, and leaves your
proclamation to operate only upon the country
restored to the Union. Then you free the siave
when he has no longer a rebel master to support.
Why not push your Auny forward and let sla-
very take care of itself? But if it be true, as you
assert, that slaves of rebels feed rebel soldiers, do
not slaves of loyal men feed Union soldiers* If
withdrawing slaves fiom rebels in disloyal States
weakens the rebellion, does not the withdrawal of
slaves in loyal States weaken the Union cause
there? What then comes of your proposition to
withhold from the soldier his just pay and apply
the money to the purchase of slaves in Delaware,
Maryland, Kentucky,and Missom i? These States
all have then-armies m the field, fed and supplied
by Have labor at home. Withdraw that slave
labor, and your Union soldier will be compelled
to return home to protect his family and cultivate
his plantation, or, seeing the destitution that is im-
pending, he will stay at home, while the Army
needs his presence in the fieid.
Sir, there is no truth m your theory, and sens-
ible men must know it. Why then ad here to such
a theory if not controlled by the morbid spirit of
abolitionism ?
Sir, I have had no sympathy with ihese rebels.
Of all the men in this country, the Democrats of
the North have a right, if any, to demand an ag-
gressive war upon them, even to subjugation.
They crept into our national convention, divided
our organization, and brought about the election
of a minority President. Had they remained in
Congress, the victory of our opponents would
have been a barren one. Abraham Lincoln would
have been " Tylerized" and politically tied hand
and foot. But they meanly and cowardly ran
away and left us to the tender mercies of north-
ern Puritanism, and now we are persecuted and
insulted as our fathers were in the earlier history
of the country. The bill under consideration is
but one act in the great political drama, and is
skillfully drawn to harass and outrage northern
Democrats whose blood beats 111 every pulse with
the Army.
But, sir, whatever our passions might invite us
to do, there is a higher mission for the Democracy
than the gratification of hate, malice, and revenge.
We must save this country; and I assert here to-
day that I have no hope for this country except
in the deep-rooted democracy of the people. You
will have no thirty years war. Two years more
and your power will vanish from you as the snow
before the warm sun of spring. 1 know that this
bill and other kindred measures are intended to
enable you to hold on, but you might as well try
to dam the waters of the Mississippi as to pre-
vent the people of this great countiy from \ esum-
ing the power of this Government, which has been
so much abused in your hands. The people want
this Union restored, and this Government main-
tained and administered according to the Constitu-
tion, because it is their Union, their Government,
and their Constitution, and the Democracy are
with them, and they know it.
I had hoped that this contest would be so quick,
so sharp, and so decisive, that the rebel army in
the field being crushed, the Union elements of the
South would have ivdhed, and thus a restoration be
brought about before all these mad party schemes
could be matured. But our legislation has been
such as to leave no hope to these Union men but
in the rebel army. Hence its enormous propor-
tions and the desperation with which they meet
our brave soldiers on the field. The issue, as H
now stands, gives no hope for peace but in the
extinction of the white race in the South; and it
would seem that the manufacturers of New Eng-
land desire to displace the white men in the con-
ton States, and by putting the negro in his stead,
hold these States as a kind of East India colonies
to New England.
The idea of putting the negroes North as well
as South in possession of the land to grow cotton
for the North to spin is, to my mind, simply ab-
surd. 1 never had the exalted opinion of the negro
some gentlemen seem to entertain, and my obser-
vation of him since this war commenced has not
improved that opinion. I presume they are as
intelligent and piovidentin this city as anywhere.
J do not know why they should not be as refined^
for they have had the advantage of the presence
and example, and, in some instances, the society
of Congressmen and Government employes, and
in addition, there have been, for the past two years,
swarms of philanthropic gentlemen and ladies
waitingupon them,yet.] have observed no marked
improvement. On the contrary, in the midst of
the fostering care extended to them by the Gov-
ernment, charitable associations, and citizens,
their impiovident natuie seems unchanged.
1 have before me a report of a committee of
Quakers who visited the camps and quarters of
the '' contrabands'1 in and around this city, and at
Baltimore and Fortress Monroe, for the purpose
of ascertaining their condition and wants. They
say:
l- The whole camp I? under the care of a supeilntendent,
with one abstain, and one doctor, who are appointed and
paid by Government."'
Again they say:
" Apm r from the eiowded condition of these people nod
their d-'Iicieiiev of clothing,those wlio were weJi appealed
tolerably comfortable The sick in hospital wen* in a mis-
erable condition. In consequence of necessary repairs to the
men's- hospital, all the .Mck were crowded in' the women's
hospital. Tin*- was ill-ventilated. and di'-giMmg in the ex-
treme. Tlio.-f with whom we spoke complained of cold ;
lint the state of the an was such that we could not remain
ui ii lon<z enough for intelligent inquiry. Some were re-
ported to bo ma d> ins condition ; and nil the eucumstances
of the ho-pttal seemed to us inexcusably bad. The north
vide ot the camp was not weather-p'oof; some of the
women remarked that' the ram came in like a spring' and
wet tneir beds.
''The dead-house contained twelve bodies, mostly laid
m an irregular heap. Some of them lay in their clothes,
and the bodies weie stiffened in van0m form1-*. The ap-
pliance of these cave ri~>e to the most unfavorable con-
clusions as to the care bestowed upon them duiing their
la^t hours. Several had been brought infiom other places,
and were carefully wrapped in a suitable eoveiing. Tilt?
interments were reported to be made by a Government con-
tractor, who performed the duty as it suited his conve*
nience. Sometimes as many as twenty bodies accumula-
ted, and remain as long as a week or more.
"The neighborhood of the camp was not pi operly drained.
There weie pond=< of water that could easily be removed;
and it appeared to be wanting in many accommodations
necessary to the health and convenience of its inmates.
Upon the whole, we ihouglu the camp sadly deficient m
almost every lespect."
1 make this extract for the purpose of showing
how little care they take of themselves and each
other. Had they been white, they would have
found timeto make their huts " water-proof,"and
waited upon each other sick, and buried their
own dead, and they would have drained theirovvn
camp. If the inmates themselves, being "con-
trabands," were too ignorant or indolent to do
so, why do not some of the thousands of free
negroes about this city give them direction?
This report, while it was not intended to be
looked at in this light, speaks volumes upon the
natural indolence of the negro. Let me add, that
having had occasion frequently to visit the city
of hospitals that surrounds this city, notwith-
standing so many poor soldiers are there suffering
for want of constant attention, yet I never saw a
negro about one of them, not one. Yet they know
how to nurse, and are most of them trained wait-
ers. White men and white women volunteer to
wait upon these poor sufferers, but it would seem
that these negroes neither care for their own race
nor the whites who are fighting their battles under
the President's proclamation and at his very door.
What, then, is to be the condition of all these
negroes when their redemption is made complete?
Are they to have superintendents and doctors and
nurses and workmen, to build their shelters and
see that their wants are supplied? I fear that
the people will have charitable objects enough at
home in the presence of the wounded and maimed
soldiers returning from the battle-fields and camps
with disease and broken constitutions, and no time
to attend to these unfortunate creatures. Yet for
this grand consummation you propose to pay
$20,000,000 for the negroe s in Missouri alone, and
how many millions more for those in the other
loyal slave States I am not informed.
Do gentlemen think the honest tax-payers of
Pennsylvania will consent to be taxed with the
thumbscrews of direct taxation to pay for negroes
who will not take care of themselves, who will
not even bury their own dead comrades? And
if they are thus indolent, how will it be when you
come'to form them into communities South ? i.rou
propose to make soldiers of them. Do you ex-
pect white soldiers to take care of them, wait upon
their sick, and bury their dead ? If you do, your
expectations will not be realized. And having
disgraced the calling of the American soldier by
associating him with these people, you propose
to conscript the free white men of the North to
fight his battles and take more negroes for pay.
I declare here and now, that I will not vote a
dollar for such purposes. My vote may not be
needed. I am aware of that. But 1 admonish
this House, ay, sir, I would admonish the Pres-
ident to bear in mind, that Governments derive
their just powers from the consent of the governed,
and the people will never consent to these things.
I think I know those I have the honor to rep-
resent here. I hold my seat to-day by the largest
Democratic majority that I am aware of, and in
the next Congress it is trebled. I should feel my-
self recreant to my duty if i did not in their names
protest against these outrages upon them. I wilt
be posted for disloyalty, perhaps. I care not; I dis-
regard it. I will not even ask the poster" to
paste the new bills over the old ones. Perhaps
the member from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] will rise
and announce that 3 am misrepresenting my peo-
ple. Let him do so. They know me better than
he does them; and I am quite sure I have more
regard for their opinions than I have for his.
1 warn gentlemen not to misunderstand the voice
of the people at the last elections. They knew
what they were doing, and did it with determin-
ation. Let me give them a few facts. On the 17th
day of September last, a citizen of Pennsylvania
wrote a letter which has been published through-
out the State. Here is an extract:
"Believing the Republican party to be unfaithful to the
Convolution and incompetent to the due management of
public affairs, the Democratic party rallied against it and
threatens it with deteat. And that it should be defeated,
and the powers of Government confeired upon amoie com-
petent and faithful party, one would think ought nuw to be
