1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
admitted. It failed to preserve peace when pcacewasyet
possible; it has failed in the management of the war; it
Ints offended and alienated conservative men in the border
States; it has blundered into a confiscation scheme which
unites and inspirits the whole South against us; it has had
discord, with consequent weakness, in its own councils; it
has established an unsound system of finance and paper
money; it has recently manipulated the tariff into a mo&t
partial and offensive tonri; it has stiuck at public revenue
and credit in squandering the public lands by a homestead
law; it has applied the public money to the purchase of
negroes against the will of the nation, and proposes to ex-
tend such system of purchase hereafter; it has wasted the
public treasure upon coirupt jobbers and agents; it has
sought to degiade our cau&i; by arming savages for war;
and, to conclude, it has struck at the Constitution repeat-
edly, and scoffed at those who would maintain and detend
it. Having thus shown itself grossly unfit tor the posses-
sion of power, its defeat at the earliest possible moment is
the duty and the interest of the people. Doubtless there
are conservative men m the Republican paity who have
been less active and guilty than others in the business of
misgovernment; but they are in the minouty and compar-
atively powerless. Their lecent State convention at Ilar-
risburg indorsed the radical "VVilmot, and passed by the*
name of his conservative colleague with significant silence.
"That no confidence can be placed in the Republican
party for safe, lawful,conservative, and constitutional uile,
particularly appears trom its measures against northern citi-
zens and newspapersfor alleged disloyalty. No piovisions
of the Constitution aie more distinct and emphatic than
those which guaranty the fieedom of the press and the
exemption of the citizen from ai biliary arrest and impiison-
ment, and no pievious attempt has "been made to violate
them since the election of Jefferson." * * * *
" It may he said that times of war are not subject to ordi-
nary rules, or, to use eurient phraseology, that the ' life of
the nation'is of superior importance to its fundamental
law. But was the Constitution made for times of peace
only ? Is not a state of war contemplated by it, and full pro-
visions therefor made? The war power, whether against
external or internal foes, is vested in Government, and also
all subsidiary powers necessary to its exeicise. No one
can point out a specific and proper power for a time of war
which has been withheld froin Government.
" Wretched ijideed would be our condition if American
liberty had no guarantees bur for times ot peace only. Like
other nations, we may havetiequent wars; and to hold that
they suspend or affect the force of the Constitution is to
denounce its utter condemnation."
Upon that platform, and the principles of the
" Democratic Address "issued by the Democratic
members of Congress last spring, we fought the
battle of October, and won on the popular vote and
a majority of one on joint ballot in the Legislature.
Yet that majority of one elected that gentleman to
represent that great State for six years in the other
branch of this Congress. Did the members of that
Legislature misrepresent their constituents when
they votedforhim? Let no man be deceived. The
people are against the entire policy of this Admin-
istration. The old Whigs who voted for Mr.
Lincoln never dreamed that he would prove him-
self a radical abolitionist, or that he would sur-
render to such. They will vote for anybody as
against an abolitionist. Nor can you suppress
their voice by the exercise of arbitrary power,
either delegated or assumed. You may declare
the President a dictator. lie can never dictate to
a proud and jealous people. The Anglo-Saxon
blood will not be dictated to.
In the legislation of the past few weeks the peo-
ple already behold nothing but bond and mort-
gage, taxation and chains. They were, and are
yet, willing to give everything they hold dear,
even to life itself, to perpetuate this Union and the
^Constitution of their fathers. But they now see
that your object is not that. Let me, then, in all
solemnity, admonish the party in power to retrace
their steps. Renounce your proclamations and
schemes of emancipation. Put military command-
ers in the iiekl, not for political favoritism, but
because of their merits as purely military men.
You will restore confidence to this Army, and you
will then have no use for negro volunteers to fill
up its decimated ranks, no need of conscription
to raise men to fight for you, no need of suspend-
ing the writ of habeas corpus and imprisonment to
close men's mouths. Your war will not then be a
war of a political party and to enforce old political
dogmas. It will be the people's war, the white
man's war, and a war for the white man's Con-
stitution, his Union, and his liberty. In such a
war, the Union must and shall be preserved.
BATTLE OF FAIR OAKS.
Mr. VAN WYCIt. The commander-in-chief
of the army of the Potomac assured one of his
generals that on arriving at Richmond he would
make a detailed report of the battle of Fair Oaks,
doing full justice to Casey's division. As that
event is indefinitely postponed, a short but un-
official sketch may not be amiss.
After lying several weeks in front of the works
at Warwick, not fully supplied with provisions on
account of want of transportation and condition of
the roads, nor with medicines considered neces-
sary to prevent and remove the deadly effects of
malarial and other diseases, in light marching
order, without tents and blankets, with but few
crackers in haversack, Casey's division, with the
grand army of the Potomac, pursued the retreat-
ing enemy. It reached the battle-field at Williams-
burg late in the day, as the enemy were with-
drawing from the fight. Wet from incessant lains,
no fires could be lighted in presence of the foe. In
groups they stood looking out into the dark, dim
shadows of the forest, listening to every quivering
breeze; yet no enemy came, for he had accom-
plished all he sought on that field of carnage, and
under cover of night, by the most direct route,
was seeking Richmond. Still they were watching
and resting against each other for mutual waimth;
leaning on their muskets, many slept.
From Williamsburg, Keyes's corps, consisting
of Casey Js and Couch 's divisions, had the advance,
each alternating. Casey's division was the first
of the grand army to cross the Chickahominy
and save the bridges from destruction under the
fire of rebel artillery; thence was continually m
the advance until after the battle of Fair Oaks,
fighting its way; was halted beyond the Seven
Pines, on the Williamsburg road, about five miles
from Richmond, in a wooded section full of
swamps. Since the 5th day of May its marching
had been toilsome and laborexcessive; still not a
murmur was heard. All were full of hope,willing
to do, to dare, and die. Skirmishing and recon-
noitering parties were sent in every direction, and
each day wasdiminislnng its numbers. The morn-
ing roll-call showed, from each regiment, many
prostrated by disease, exposure, and fatigue, who
kept not pace with the moving column.
The left wing had crossed the Chickahominy,
the lightstood panting and impatient on its north-
ern bank; HeintzeJman's corps was from six to
eight miles in rear of the advance. The ability
and foresight of Kcyes soon discovered the dan-
ger of his position, entirely exposed and almost
defenseless, and he remonstrated once and again.
; Rifle-pits, redoubts, thefelling of forests immedi-
ately commenced. Every man fit forduty, and not
on picket, was at work. So imminent was the
danger that in a few days commissary stores, bag-
gage, and wagons were sent to the rear; each hour
was one of watching. So it continued for six days;
and they were " days of danger, nights of wak-
ing." The entire division occupied the frontline,
with Couch's division about a mile and a half in
the rear.
The enemy knew our numbers and our weak-
ness. Tender solicitude for the property and
comfort of lebels gave them facilities of travel,
and they could easily communicate with Rich-
mond. Lee and Johnston were not slow in devis-
ing plans for the capture of Keyes's corps. As
ourforces had gradually narrowed thelinesaround
Richmond, the enemy was concentrated, and, be-
ing near his depot of ammunition and supplies,
could leadily move his forces. The elements
came to their aid. The storm of Friday night
was most terrific; lightning rolled in sheets through
the heavens, while rain in floods deluged the
country; the ground everywhere was covered,
and the rifle-pits filled. To cross the right wing
seemed an impossibility. One of the bridges was
swept away, and the foundations of the other in-
jured. So, also to the enemy the escape of the
left wing seemed impossible.
On Saturday, the 31st day of May, that weak-
ened and overworked division were cheerfully
woiking with the ax and spade, when soon after
midday sharp picket-firing was heard, continuing
and increasing. Every soldier flew to his regiment,
and in a little time the whole division was m line,
less than five thousand men bearing muskets, ready
to oppose the rushing waves of southern chivalry.
The pickets suddenly retired until they reached
the main line about one o'clock, when the firing
became general with artillery and musketry. The
musketry firing was so heavy that the sound
reached bevond the Chickahominy, and was heard
distinctly from eight to ten miles. Our batteries
were posted in the open field, while the woods in
front protected the fierce onset of the enemy.
Rebel regiments and brigades, swaying in the bat-
tle-shock for a long while, were held m check by
that* band of less than five thousand. On they
came, and were again and again held at bay; yet
fresh troops were moved forward to take the place
of those who fell, and each wave from behind
dashed with renewed impetuosity against the few
but determined men who impeded them; but when
the soldiers of Casey's division fell, no fresh thou-
sands rose up to aid them; no man had rest from
the toil of battle. Every discharge of musketry
and roar of artillery made its numbers less. At
length they were forced to yield, yet turned not
their back to the foe. In order and slowly they
retired, firing and receiving the fire of the enemy.
On the first line and every rod of the retreat they
covered the ground with rebel dead. Our own
brave men fell too "where the sleepers are many,"
yet they fell with their back on the field and their
feet to the foe. Inch by inch the ground was con-
tested, and the advantage of the enemy dearly
purchased. Our redoubt on the advanced line was
taken, containing a full battery, which was im-
mediately added to the fire of the enemy against
us. A fte r th ree h ou rs 'hard figh ti ng we were forced
against our second line, where Couch's and some
of Heintzelman's forces could not withstand the
onset, and they also, in less time than Casey's
division, yielded.
The veteran warrior, Casey, had been in the
thickest of the fight, directing and animating; none
of his generals had faltered or failed; many of his
field and line officers lay where they had fallen,
or had been carried from the field; and nearly two
thousand, one third of his command, had found
a soldier's death, or were maimed and helpless
from the fight. At six o'clock, General ICeyes,
amid a shower of bullets, in one part of the field
again checked the enemy with some of Casey's
men, who for five hours had been under fire; and
there the enemy pursued no further. Sumner was
crossing on the grapevine bridge; night was com-
ing on, and the army saved. Opposing forces that
night lay down and slept with arms by their sides
amid the dying and the dead. Since the war be-
gan no division of equal numbers had met such
losses in a single battle. The thought of the sol-
dier was of the comrade ho would never see again;
and if he slept, his dreams were of those who, in
the morning, were full of life and flushed with
hope, but who, in the future, would bivouac on
those shining plains where peace is endless.
Every man felt the enemy had sustained a great
shock. Well matured plans, the flower of the
southern army, fortunate aid of the elements, in-
spired the enemy with the hope and ceitainty of
capturing Keyes's corps and destroying the left
wing, and that morning moved with not less than
forty thousand men to attack Casey's line. Had
that division " given way unaccountably and dis-
creditably," where would have been that corps—
where the left wing—where the Army ?
They little thought that night the thousand-
tongued lightning was scathing the memory of the
gallant dead, cursing the graves of the wounded,
blasting the reputation of those who had cscaped
unhurt from the carnage of battle; carrying into
the soldier's home grief more poignant than the
message of death, in the dispatch of the com-
mander, charging them with cowardice, casting
reproach upon the States of New York, Pennsyl-
vania, and Maine, whose troops composed that
division. I wish not to be misunderstood. I
never have said, I will not now say, an unkind
word of General McClcllan. Casey's division at
that time, as did the whole army of the Potomac,
yielded to him their admiration. He never ap-
peared among them but to be warmly greeted;
but he confided too closely in those who had his
confidence. Unfortunately he repeated the error
of the Williamsburg battle by sending dispatches
too hastily.
It was well known there were wicked, almost
treasonable hatreds among some of his generals;
one not willing to ascribe credit to another unless
he himself could share the victory. This existed
principally among professional generals of mil-
itary education. General McClellan, of necessity,
was not at the battle of Saturday. He was with
the right wing, and could not reach the field until
night had closed the contest. Therefore he had
no personal knowledge of the conduct of the di-
vision; and the information upon which he based
his dispatch was from a rival general, who him-
self was not in the fight, and knew nothing of
Casey's troops. General McClellan did not see
Kuyes, who commanded the corps, nor Casey,
