480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Department during this year under that bill. If
it would be in order for me to make a statement
to this House in regard to the only change in my
amendment which I have been requested by the
Secretary of the Treasury to make, in order to
render it entirely satisfactory, I should like to call
the attention of the House to it, and to be permitted
to modify my amendment to that extent.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to know if the
amendment which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has offered is amendable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not amendable; but
thegentleman has aright to modify his own amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I should like to inquire whether
it is not in order for me to move to add an addi-
tional section to the substitute of the gentleman
from Massachusetts?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at the present stage
of the question. If the substitute shall be adopted,
it will then be in order to move to amend it by
adding to it.
Mr. HOOPER. It seemed to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that it was not unreasonable to submit the
amendment which I had prepared to the Secretary
of theTreasury, who, as we all trust, will adminis-
ter the Department during the next twelve months,
and to ask him to suggest any modifications that
occurred to him.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman, I
wish to inquire of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts whether he proposes to retain in his bill the
provision that is now embraced in the thirtieth
Sine of the first scction, which requires that the
bonds provided for by the bill shall be sold at not
less than par; and if he does, whether tho retain-
ing of that feature of the bill will not compel the
Secretary, under the discretion given him in the
first section, should he not be able to sell the bonds
at par, to issue all of what is provided for in the
first section in these Treasury notes?
Mr. HOOPER. I will state that I do not pro-
pose to amend the bill in that respect. I believe
that the striking out of the convertibility of legal
tender notes into bonds, will meet all the wants
of the Department in that rcspect, and I believe,
indeed I know, that the Secretary is entirely satis-
fied that it will do so. The amendment introduced
by the Committee of Ways and Means into their
bill, authorizing the sale of bonds nt less than par,
I think is an invitation to the public to put the
price of the bonds down, and I think it has had
that effect already. The ldoaof the issue of Gov-
ernment notes has been that the price of the bonds
would be sustained; or, if any one prefers the ex-
pression, that the currency might be depreciated
to an extent that would make the six per cent,
bonds of the United States worth par; and I claim
that par for asix percent, bondis notavery great
depreciation of the currency, considering that the
principal at maturity and the interest are payable
in coin.
Mr, BAKER. I desire to ask the gentleman a
few questions. I beg to call the attention of tho
gentleman to the fourth scction of the bill pro-
posed by him, which is in these words:
That any bonds that have been heretofore or that may
hereafter be issued by and on the faith of the Government
of the United States shall be deemed to be due and payable
in coin at any time, at the pleasure of the Government of
the United States, after the period designated in the bonds
for the payment of the same.
^ I %g to ask what bonds are meant by that sec-
tion,and whether itincludes the three years seven
thirty bonds?
Mr, HOOPER. If there are any such bonds.
The section refers'to what are termed bonds of
the Government.
Mr. BAKER. The seven thirtiesarc designated
bonds.
Mr. HOOPER. I suppose, then, it includes
them.
Mr. BAKER. It is very important that this
matter should be thoroughly understood.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman means Treas-
ury notes, I do not think this section applies to
them. If the Government are bound to pay them
in coin, I have no doubt they will do so; bur this
section refers only to the regular bonds of the
Government.
Mr. BAKER. It also includes, I submit, the
three years seven thirty bonds.
Mr. HOOPER. If they are bonds, the section
will apply to them. The gentleman says they
are. I wish to call his attention to the fact that
the Treasury notes authorized to be issued under
my amendment, both principal and interest, are
payable in lawful money; and I trust that, before
we get through anotheFCongress, there will be no
other money than coin which will be considered
lawful money of the United States.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to make
a suggestion to my colleague. One of the prom-
inent distinctions between the bill of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, which is under consid-
eration, and thatof my colleague, is in the form in
which this amount of §900,000,000 is to be raised.
Tiie committee provide in their bill that it may be
raised in either of three ways: by selling bonds
at the market price; by issuing §400,000,000 of in-
terest-bearing notes; or by issuing $300,000,000 of
legal tender notes. That, sir, may have the ad-
vantageofintimating to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the sense of Congress as to the manner in which
this loan shall be negotiated. It may have this
advantage to the public, that business men and
financiers shall know at all times what descriptions
of Government securities and of currency are to
be put into the market, and the amount, or an ap-
proximation to the amount, the maximum. The
amendment of my colleague proposes to take away
all restrictions from the Secretary save one, and
to say to him, "go into the market and raise this
money in the best manner you can," giving him
the alternative of issuing legal tender notes to the
amount of §900,000,000 if he finds the other two
methods which have been suggested fail him, but
he is limited by my colleague's bill by the rcstric-
tipn now referred to in the discussion, namely,
that he cannot sell the bonds at less than par.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of my col-
league to this consideration. It is by no means
certain that the $400,000,000 of interest-bearing
notes, which it is proposed to issue, will remain
at their par value. My own opinion is not clear
upon that subject, and some financiers whose opin-
ions are moic worthy of consideration than my
own, express doubts upon that subject.
Mr. HOOPER. Were they not bankers?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir; they
wore not. Now, sir, [ wish to submitto my col-
league this consideration: supposing that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury finds that this is not a fa-
vorite class of issue, that the purpose for which
it is intended to be issued is not likely to be ac-
complished thereby, that these notes fall below
their par value, then, under the amendment of my
eolieague, the Secretary, to avoid the dilemma
which he will be in, will have to negotiate bonds
at par, if he can, and if he cannot, he will have
no other resource whatever than the issue of the
legal tender notes.
Therefore, sir, I submitto my colleague whether
his amendment docs really give that latitude and
freedom to the Secretary of the Treasury which
it appears on its face to give, if he should be un-
able to negotiate bonds at par, and if the interest
bearingnotesshould noteommand thcirpar value?
I want to ask my colleague whether the Secre-
tary has any remaining alternative but to issue
$300,000,000, $500,000,000, or$900,000,000 of the
legal tender notes—as much as may be necessary
to inflate the currency to the extent of making the
bonds of the Government negotiable at par, or for
sale at par ? I am in favor of giving the Secretary
of the Treasury very considerable powers in this
matter. He is the man who is to represent the Gov-
ernments the marketsasking for loans. Hp ought
to have extraordinary powers, corresponding to
the extraordinary condition of affairs'in which
we ore now placed. And, sir, I do not wish, by
adopting an amendment which would seem to
enlarge his power, actually to put a restraint on
him which would hamper him to a large degree,
as I am fearful the amendment of my colleague,
unless he can otherwise explain it, will do.
Mr. RDWAUDS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, who has just taken his
seat 
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not rise to inter-
pose an objection to what is fair and right; but I
understand the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] has had his time extended to an
hour by consent of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly; that is so.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have the floor, by leave
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor, and yields it to those
other gentlemen, by consent of the committee.
Mr. HORTON. May I ask if the time occu-
pied by the gentleman from New Hampshire is
to come out of the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which I understood to be one
hour ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,] whether
the contingency mentioned,namely, that interest-
bearing notes may be below par, is guarded
against any more by the bill of the Committee of
Ways and Means than it is by the amendment of
his colleague ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Under the bill
the Secretary ran issue legal tender notes to the
extent that he may deem sufficient or expedient,
and then sell the bonds at such price as they will
bring in the market.
Mr. EDWARDS. Can he issue any more legal
tender notes than the amount stated in the bill of
the committee ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. HOOPER. Then if the Secretary issues
the legal tender notes, I ask my colleague how
the Secretary is to fulfill his promise with refer-
ence to this $400,000,000 of Treasury notes ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The bill, as I
understand it, provides for the issue of the sum
of 0300,000,000 of legal tender notes. It has
been slated here, and I believe correctly, that
there has been a previous issue of §300,000,000,
$250,000,000 of which are without any limita-
tion, which gives $550,000,000, into which this
$400,000,000 may be converted. But, sir, it is not
quite likely that the whole of these interest-bear-
ing notes will come forward to be exchanged.
There is a sufficient issue of legal tender notes au-
thorized to redeem all the interest-bearing notes
authorized by this bill, and $150,000,000 more.
Mr. HOOPER. In such a contingency as my
friend from Massachusetts suggests, I believe it
would be more for the interest of the Government to
make a further issue of Government notes, if the
cxigcncicsof the public service require it to pay the
Army and Navy and other creditors, than to let
the bonds run down to an indefinite extent. As
I stated in my remarks the other day, I do not
want to see the candle burning at both ends. I
think it sufficient that we depreciate the currency,
and that we ought notto depreciate the bonds also,
at the other end, by selling them at a discount.
We authorize the issue of $.900,000,000 in such
forms as the exigencies of the public service may
require. The Secretary can use hisdiscretion. We
are sure that the Army and Navy and the other
creditors of the Government will be paid. As to
the third section of the amendment, which makes
the three years notes payable, principal and inter-
est, in lawful money, I agree with my fuend, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I believe that there is no reason why we should
insist on paying them in coin. At the present
value ofspecie, six percent, interest in coin is now
equal to nine percent, in currency. I do not think
that the country can afford at this time to borrow
money at that rate of interest. I think the con-
venience of the public would be met entnely by
issuing these Treasury notes for the short term-
not exceeding three years—and that the interest
of the country and of the Government would be
promoted by having the principal and interest of
these notes payable in lawful money. 1 will not
detain the committee any longer.
Mr. HORTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to op-
pose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I do not intend To occupy
the time of the committee very long; but 1 must
ask the courtesy oi the committee for a small ex-
tension of time. I do not intend to call before
the committee the potent authority of the Secre-
tary of theTreasury in favor of the views which
I propose to submit. So far as I have any refer-
ence to him, 1 think I should put a few woidsm
his mouth: {< Save me from some of my friends
The gentleman from Massachusetts has brought
the authority of the Secretary of the Trcasuty at*
the sanction for his bill, and that has been the
staple of the argument which he has made. But
he has also brought the very momentous author-
ity of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and of my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Spaulding,] and of a very eminent financier
