1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
Who commanded the division, nor either of his
brigadiers. Here, then, is the error that he should
publish a dispatch censuring a whole division
without receiving reports frojn either of the gen-
erals in that division.
Some officers of high rank were opposed to
Keyes's corps and Casey's division for reasons
not necessary to mention here. General McClel-
lan did not partake of that feeling, neither did the
two generals of his staff, Marcy and Williams,
high-minded, noble men.
A certain general who witnessed little of the
fight that day, but in the rear saw all the sick
men unfit for duty, and some men, as in all regi-
ments, constitutionally timid, retreating to a place
of safety, suddenly became panic-stricken, and
denounced the whole division. At that time he
probably did not know that the division he so
much despised had for three long hours resisted
the advance of over thirty thousand rebel soldiery.
Relying upon such statements, the commander-
in-chief sent the unfortunate dispatch. Afterward,
upon visiting the field and receiving accounts from
the participators in the combat, modified his re-
port, admitting that portions of the division be-
haved well, and made a most gallant stand against
superior numbers, reserving it to a future time to
designate what portion had done us duty. As if
the censure were not complete, the remnant of the
division on Tuesday morning, in a rain storm as
feaiful as that which preceded the battle, wore
ordered to the banks of the Chickahominy. Can
you imagine their feelings as they solemnly re-
tired fiom the field where hundieds of tin ir com-
rades were buried, and the hospitals where hun-
dreds were writhing in wounds; not a sound along
the whole line; noTol! of dtum or shuck of file;
the thinned ranks and bullet-ridden banners tell-
ing of the fierceness of the light. They wont
without tents, without blankets, without food, and
without murmuring, to he down on the bank;.' of
that deadly stream.
Then came an order removing: Casey to another
field of labor. Mingled with the farewells, tenia
dropped fiom many weather-beaten chock.-s tu the
veteran chief parsed from their midst. Another
distinguished, brave, and skillful leader was placed
in command, General Peck. Stuart's raid across
the Pamunky changed somewhat the affans of
the Army, and this proscribed division assumed
the defiant attitude of the front. Soon Jackson
came thundering on the right wing-—it  ave way.
and he threatened their ictreat by crossing the
Chickahominy at the railroad and Hotiom's Budge,
points occupied by Casey's old division, but alter
a little artillery piactice he found them strongly
posted and determined to resist—and they did un-
til the remainder of the army wa-t sale, when they
destroyed the bridges and retreated. This divis-
ion was the first to cross the Chickahominy and
the fast to leave it. The next day they aided m
holding the ground at the White Oak swamp
bridge with the lire of twenty-six cannon raining
shot and shell among them; formed the rear
guard from Malvern 1 lills; protected thousands of
wagons after tin; main aimy hud passed; crossed
the last stream ami destroyed the last bridge
winch separated our works from the approach of
the enemy, and again held the front lines of the
army.
it is not too late to vindicate the memory of the
dead,and remove aspersions cast upon the living.
Many of the heroes slam the nation knew; among
them Colonel Haitey, Colonel Drown, Major Van
Vaikenburg, so truthfully alluded to in Casey's
repoj t as a brave, discreet, and eneigetic olIice , a
brother of the distinguished in ember of this House,
my colleague from New Ym-1:. Shall this obloquy
be east upon then names? Would you plan? this
thorn on their tombs5 llonouible in their lives,
their deaths were noble. You say history will
right this matter. History is made up of dis-
patches of generals, of repmts clouded by passion
and prejudice. The errors of this generation will
not be corrected in the next.
An able correspondent of one of the loading
papei s in the North, at first cen^m ing the division
when he heard the number* of si.on and wounded,
said: " Casey'sdivision could dir>if they could not
successfully resist the enemy." Yet he d'd ample
justice when visiting the field and everywhere saw
evidences that the rebel loss had been vastly greater
than our own, and that the dead were most nu-
merous whf.rt CciNey hm] fought. H1 saw wh°re
men lay crossed in death with the enemy where
they had crossed swords in life.
On Sunday the battle raged from eight to ten
o'clock, and on Monday the enemy retired, but
the army of the Potomac never occupied beyond
Casey's first line.
General Heintzelman's report of the battle, dated
June 7, was published only a few days since,
wherein he admits he did not witness the first few
hours of the fight. He says;
u Believing tlie position m (rent of tiie Seven Pines to
be a ciiUcal one, and not having e.itiie confidence m the
new uoops composing General Casey's division. I sought
and obtained peimi-i-ion on Fitday atrcrnoon to advance a
portion of my corps fiom Us position near Bottom's Bridge."
He evidently did not move them until next day.
At one o'clock he heard firing, and sent his aids
Johnson and Hunt, to see what it was. At two
o'clock he received a note from Lieutenant Jack-
son of General Keyes'a staff, that the enemy were
pressing hurd, and asking for aid. At half past
two lus own aids returned, informing him that
General Casey's line was being driven in. Then
he says, " I mounted my horse and rode briskly
to the fiont." IIow far he then was from the
front he does not say. On reaching the front, he
adds, u 1 met our troops fiercely engaged with the
enemy near Seven Pines, having lost the position
three quartersof a mile m advance." lie already
had sentordersforah the available troops, and even
sent to General Sumner for assistance; conceding,
virtually, that General Casey's division had fought
three hours at least without reinforcements, and
heen diiven only three quarters of a mile, and he
had not confidence in his own corps and Couch's
division to do what Casey's division was unable
to do, for he sent to 8umner for assistance. Be-
fore five o'clock Couch's and Kearney's forces
were*'driven out by the ovei whelming masses
oj ihe enemy." At another place, he adda:
t: The t*i eatc-'t distance the enemy with hi-" overwiK'lm-
ii!'r nuiiiij"! - claim to have dm on u-* hack, in but a mile
and a halt ■"
After three hours' fighting, Casey'h division
was diiven three-fourths of a rmle; yet the same
enemy, in less than two hours, drive Couch and
Kearney's fores—over eleven thousand men—
threc-fouiths of a mile further; and then they
were alone saved by Sumner crossing the river.
Need anything more be said:
General Qemtzelman is entirely mistaken when
he says on Sunday they ieoecupied a portion of
Casey's camps. They did not until the enemy,
on MonOay,retreated to Richmond. OuSunduy,
aftet flighting only two hours, the rebels held Ca-
ft.-y's gruund and camps. One word more. He
sa>-s;
'• An officer infoimed that, aftei we h:i<] driven the
enemy beyond mn fy-t lptrenehnx'nN, In- visited (Jeneia!
(Jasey V eainp.-, and found moie men bayonett d and shot
mside file .shekel tent.- than outride.1'
Is this the way history is to be mado > "What
feeling is to he gratified m the publication of false-
hoods so flimsy that the weakest intellect can dis-
them? Are grave lopiuts to be made of
unofficial statements from anonymous ofiKCis?'
General Heintzelman does not pretend he saw
much of the battle. Why take the senseless, fool-
ish twaddle of wandering officers, when he had,
or could have had—-nav, should have had—the
official reno'tsof the brigadier generals, of Casey
commandingthedi\isioti,and Keycscommanding
the cotps? The reports of all those offieei s show
the infamy of the statement ofGeneia! Hemtzul-
man's anonymous couespondeut.
Doubtless ai'toi the battle many wounded sol-
diers, our own and the enemy's, sought shelter
in ten's; but if the report means, as it evidently
does, to convey the impression that Casey's di-
vision was surprised and many of his men inur-
deied in their unts, then, sir, speaking in behalf ;
of Casey *s old division, of the gallant dead, whose
memory we cherish as our own lives, and as a j
Reprcsentnuve of the American people on this !
floor,! hurl back the imputation m the face of the |
man who originated o.id Im who iopeat-3 it. Such j
a charts ?s as ungenerous as it is unfoimd- d. I !
t haracterize u as itdeserves. 1 do not believe the
Jj rights of a freeman are lost m the duties of the j
sohlif r. If General Heintzelman knew anything j
his own division commanders. In his repuit 
Geneial Kearney says:
"As it \\\v, Casey's division h<>id it-= line of battle for
moie thauthtce liotu?., and the execution done upon the
enemy was f-hown by the number of rebel dyad iett upon
the field after the eiwniy had heid po-^essioi. ol it for np-
waid of twenty-roar hours."
Southern papers and generals have not been
slow to charge our soldiers with cowardice when-
ever the least pretense offered. Yet nowhere,
from the report of the commanding officer to the
Richmond correspondent of the Charleston Mer-
cury, in all they have said or written about that
battle, has the least intimation been given that our
troops behaved badly. They never supposed
Casey's division << broke unaccountably and dis-
creditably*," but they have yielded universal test-
imony that it fought with obstinacy and disputed
every inch of the ground. They never supposed
•they obtained an easy victory, and that they did
not find in these tioops " foemen worthy of their
steel." Had they broken and fled, Hill, Long-
street, Smith, Huger, and Johnston would have
discovered the fact sooner than Union generals
who were not m the fight. They speak of " gain-
ing positions and being driven back unul rein-
forced; of thedespeiatc valor and courage of their
tioops m overcoming our ranks." The follow-
ing is a sample, taken fiom the Charleston Mer-
cury, written by a Richmond coriespondent:
" It appear* that our scout* repot ted se.vt ntecn thousand
of the enemy on tins sid-* the rhiokahominy, at a pomtbe-
Hveen the York river uulroad and the WUliamsbuiy road.
The swelling of the Chu kahominy by the stonn cut off, as
sitppo>ed, a!) chance of reiinorcuiir thcs>e seventeen
thousand ; and the attack aheady delayed, was he^un not
at dn\ bit ak, 'nit at ten or eleven o'clock. The enemy v'as
found fatty int't cnchetl ami fiilh/ corni r of our approach. His
stu'nsih had not be^-n vciy much oveiotnnatcd ii we may
lUitiie bv tiie regiment- repioaented by the prisoner taken.
Of these nineteen \vt rc m> ntioned in the morning papers.
There ritpv hnvr heen *\n ty ihousond or si vii) thowawl Yan-
kee* enguatil, but iiodnxz jnoces )t except their ob^tinatcre-
si'lcntf mid oin /nan/ lusies, I)i>pciate couias1^ eanied
mticnehmciit a'tci inueneiunnnt Om lo--= veiy heavy,
jiauieulaiij m olijcciv. The enemyloss, excjtt at the
intrenehmcnts, is not iatge."
This ia one of the very few battles where the
official report of the enemy s-liows a vastly supe-
rior force. Geneial Johnston, admitting from
thirty to forty thousand men. says:
" Before tlie 30(1) of M:ty I li;ul i^eeitahied from trusty
scout? that Keye.-V coi [>-• v\ .1- encatuped on this side of the
Ciuekahonunv, n°ai the tl'iHiane huij: inati. On icceiving
tlin jepot! i detetnnned to aitaek them the newt morning,
hoping to i)c able to dt-le.u Keye<"s corp- completely in lt^
nioie advanced poMtion beioi<'n oonbi he jeinlorced, and
-i-nt riiflet- to tiie divi-ion- ol iMajor Lrenetalc' Hill. Ilucer;
.°init!). and Lon;.'-irc( t. If ill. supported by [iOmi-tr'-et^vas
t«  .iit.it*K the enemy in 11out.' Uulii'i wa- to move down tlie
Cbmle-a City crot- road to attack m fi.uik Smith was to
be in teadinON cithei to tall on KeyesV right think, or to
e.ovei i^ongstreet'? left. Tnej weie to uiove at daybieak.
Heavy .nid piotiaetcd iam d.n ma tiie afternoon and night,
bv elhn<r the -hentn of the Chicl;ahonnn \. inerensed the
probability of om )iavin« to de.il uuh noothei tioops but
those ol Kcye-.' * " ^ * '• Had Majoi Gen-
eial lliiget,>- division been in position and >eady fo: action,
when those of Smith. Long-tiect. and Hid moved, I am
^ati-fied that K *yesV coip- would have been de^tioyed, in-
stead of being ineidj dcleated. Had it gone into action
evt-n at four o'clock the victoiy would have been nnieh
nlorecomp^cte.', ^
Colonel Simpson, of the fourth New Jersey
vohu'tecrs, who was a prisoner in Richmond, in-
formed General Casey that £' confederate officers
expressed much surpiise that any cem:ure had
been cast on hisdiviMOjj; thatit ioui>bt with more
obstinacy than any other lightmgr on thai day, and
that his determim d reKistauce saved the annv of
the riirht bank of the Chickahominy from u dis-
astrous defeat."
It must be Ratifying: to the nation that the ser-
vices of General Casey at Fair Oaks have been
reeo^mVed by the Government in a commission
as major general, with rank from the date of that
battle.
I have, Mr. Speaker, in this recital, onlysought
h to make a plain, unvarnished tale. While the
ij history of centuries is being crowded into days,
!] hours, and moments, I felt it my duty that tiie
records of this House at least should bear justice
tc the bravery and devotion of a gallant band who
deserve well of their country.
PROSECUTION OF TIIE "WAR.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Speaker, when the bill
of the fight, it was that all of Casey's division Ij to organize an army of negroes was under con-
were m line of battle before the enemy came on ji sideration,! endeavored to secme the floor to ex-
them in force. II press my earnest and unqualified opposition to
But he is contradicted by the report of one of j I its postage, believing that such a measure, if
