1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
from the city of New York, so that this is a bant-
ling of many fathers. It is like Joseph's coat of
many colors.
But, Mr. Chairman, the particular features of
the amendment to which I wish to call the attention
of the committee are these: itgives the Secretary
of the Treasury authority to issue $900,000,000,
if, in his opinion, H is neccssary, of bonds bear-
ing interest, providing that he can sell them at
par, or $900,000,000 of Treasury notes bearing
interest, piovidtng he thinks it necessary; or, if
"he cannot sell the bonds (bearing; six percent,
interest and redeemable in twenty years) at par,
or the interest-beanngTreasury notes at par, then
lie may issue §900,000,000 of le^al tender notes.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says he thinks
it is better to inflate the currency up to the point
of bringing these bonds to par, than to sell the
securities of the United States for what they are
worth in the market.
Mr. HOOPER. Not for what they are worth
in the market, but for what the brokers may
choose to give for them.
Mr. HORTON. The whole matter is left to
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Committee of Ways and Means propose,
however, to fix a maximum for this great evil of
an inflated currency. They say to the Secretary,
" you may go thus far, and no further; and if you
fire a financial minister such as ought to beat the
head of the Treasury, as we have no doubt you
are, you certainly can get the necessaiy amount
of money to carry on the Government for the cur-
rent fiscal year and for the next fiscal year from
those two other sources which we place at your
disposal.55 We give the Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Chairman, the power, in case lie is cornew-d
and cannot get along with tins maximum, and
with the §400,000,000 of interest-bearing Treasury
notes, to go into the market and act aceoiumg
to his best judgment and ability, and we will hold
him absolved. Cut the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts wants to inflate the currency so that the
Secretary can have the power to sell the bonds
at par. That is, he wants to keep, so far as the
people of the country are concerned, the u word
of promise to the car, and break it to the hope."
He wants to seem to do things at par which can-
not be done, and he ought to know they cannot
be done. If it can be done at ail, it can be done
under the discretionary power which the Commn-
tee of Ways and Means give to the Sucietary of
the Treasuiy. The bill gives him the power to
sell the bonds of the Government below par, bi't
it does not obljge him to do it, if he can avoid it.
But if he cannot avoid it, then you take out of his
hands the power of raising money, unless it is
done by one of these two other methods, and the
gentleman dofs not give him that powe:. I sub-
mit, Mr. Chaii man. that it is not acting according
to sound legislative principles for us to put into
law a. provision sueii as that. If we never issue
another dollar of this legal tender cuireney, the
provision which is now under consideration, giv-
ing the Secretary the power to issue this enor-
mous sum, would have the effect of producing an
inflation in the money i.iaiket.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ysk the attention of
the committee to the very prophetical indications
which aie given out by the gentleman fiorn Mas-
sachusetts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HORTON I thought permission was
given to extend my remaiks beyond live minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pio-
ceed unless objection be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object unless i can
have five minutes when the gentleman is through.
Mr. HORTON. Rather than inflict upon the
committee a five minutes speech of the gentleman
fiom Illinois, I wdl withdraw my application for
more time. [Laughter.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say one word upon this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is nut
farther debatable.
Mi. THOMAS, ofMessachusetts. I move then
to amend by striking out the last word of the
amendment of myVoI league.
The CT-IAIRMAN. " The Chair will remark
that the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is an amendment to an amendment, and
cannot therefore be amended; and the Chair will
farther say that no further debate ia in order.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then I !
wiil not say a word. i
Mr. HOOPER called for tellers on hissuhstitute. I
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper, and j
Pi-ielps of California, were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 32, noes 67.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the amendment, in the
nature of a substitute, submitted by Mr. Stevens.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not intend to occupy
the time of the committee even for five minutes
in the further discussion of this amendment. If
I did not make myself understood the other day
it was because I was muddy, and I do not want to
muddy the waters further by additional remarks.
I rise simply to say that the question is now be-
tween my bill, which proposes to pay the inter-
est on the funded indebtedness of the Govern-
ment in legal money, and to pay the piincipal of
the bonds in com in the course ofa period running
frum ten to fifty years, and the bill of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, as amended, which pro-
poses to pay interest on the bonds in com, and to
pay the principal, the entire $900,000,000, at the
end of twenty years. Il'my amendment shall be
adopted, after the payment of the seven-thirty
bonds, due in two years, $150,000,000, there will
b'j left but ^100,000,000 of bonds the interest of
which is payable in coin. You would have to pay
the interest on that ^100,000,000 in coin, but that
would be all, if my bill passes.
I will not lake up the time of the committee by
any fiuthei discussion. 1 ask for tellers on my
amendment.
Telk-iij weiv ordered; and Messrs. Van Wtck
and Duly wen- appointed.
The v oi.imute* divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayu' 39, noes GG.
So tlii. «unendm< nt was disagreed to.
Mr. LO VEJOY. I now send to the Clerk's desk
the following amendment, which lofleras an ad-
ditional ■>< i tion to the oijginai bill.
The Cleik reod, as follows:
Ki,r. lo ,/inr? Jirit further mo-ted. Tnat all hanks, ;iv-o-
eiation-, eerpet.uiou-; <>i individual--, K-aimsr notes or iuiN
lui cik "il.uuni in eurienej. feliall ho Mihjen to mid [my a
dun nt two p< i (.out -01111 annually, liom and aim the t<-l
il.iy <if .Ink , upon any eneuiation ot notrc or bdK as
euiri ne\. And a retain shall bo made h\ earn kink, iinm>-
ei.iUud, coipoiaiion. or iti'Uvuiu.i!, 10 ih< Coniuii^miiet of
Inicsml Re\t-iiU''. which -ai.ill contain a Hue -uatement of
the .nnouut of emulation o! ihe taxi hnuk-., a^o<-iaiiou<.
(,e,rpo!iUinn<. n  inui\ uiu.iH. on he- 1m day ol June, iyhH.
and M'nii annually th'-watier And there -di/il' t.n annexed
to < arh atid i veiy mi<-1i iii'itu a d< eiata; lun. under o.ith 01
afin mat ion, to he made ui due loi m and maunei a- «lia!i he
nr'^cnhea hv the <;omangioma uf Inn i nnt K< venue, by the
jiie-iuent ot pom*' nth<-r ofneer oi the-:ud hank. a>soein
tioiu coipomnon, oj individual, dulv authorized to make
.-ii'-h oath, that the same commit a true and fairhtul <-tat'>
ru< el ol lie* iimount ot ( uculanon of the said bank, a^oei-
ation. ooipouiHon, or individual. And in ( ase of nfcplect
01 lehi-a! to make sueli .statement, a^ nibie<aid, or to pav
Jiie riuties aforesaid, the said hank, iafion, eoipora-
li«ti. 01 imisv ujuaL >hall iof teit and jidv the Mini of $o,U0U,
to he lecovnud in'nny comt ol the Cnitod State«.
Mr. LOVEJOV. I wi.-h simply to state that
the puipose of tins amendment, winch gentiemcn
hd\e ahrady dn^-vrmi, if they have neon kind
enough t'  I.sir-it te ;t, is to impose an annual tax
of foiti per rent.., payable two per ccnt. semi-an-
nually, upon the circulation of ail banking corpo-
rations, associations, or individuals issuing notes
for citculaticm. And as the matter has already
boMi piftty fully discussed, I do not know that 1
care to occupy the attention of the committee ex-
cept simply to call their attention to this point,as
a gnat many side issues have been brought up.
The question is, who shall enjoy the priviifgc of
the cturcney for circulation in this country, wheth-
er it he £.300,000,000 or ^000,000,000 without in-
terest ? Shall that intcre&tor benefit accrue to the
Government or to individuals? That is theques-
And now, Mr. Chairman, I woo hi make an ap-
peal tv th. < omiriitiee to lei this amendment pass
thi'-a^h ijr; eauil !•" ivpr '"ted to :lie House,whether
th^ie is a majority m huoi uf it oi not. so that we
may hove iocorded a vote upon it in tl>e fious\
I hope that so much will be uranted to us at lea&t.
Mr. STEVEaS. I move to amend th > amend-
ment by striking it out, and the whole bill with it
after the enacting clause, and inserting whatl send
to the Cleik's desk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is that motion
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Not while an amendment
is pending to perfect the bill by the addition ofa
section. When the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois shall have been voted on, the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be in order.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Before that is done I
wish to reply to the gentleman from Illinois. I
oppose the gentleman's amendment simply for the
purpose of appealing to the committee to permit
a vote in the House to be taken upon this propo-
sition. I think it is but fair, it is but justice to the
country, that we should show our hands upon this
great question, and not smother it in committee.
Mi. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of or-
der. I understmid the Chair to decide that no
amendment is in order to the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Chair did not so rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I said that I trusted we
might have a vote upon this proposition in the
House, so that we may see where we stand upon it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of order.
I understood that an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois was not in
order; otherwise why am I deprived of the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so de-
cide. An amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois will be in order when the
gentleman from* Illinois [Mr, "VYashburne] shall
have concluded his remarks in opposition to his
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the point of order of
the gentleman from New Hampshire has been
finally decided 1 will make another effort to go on
with what I had to say. I make this appeal to
the House, because I desire the country to know
how gentlemen stand upon this important subject
—important to tho people of the country at large
who arc not stockholder in these banking associ-
ations, and who constitute the mass of the people
by a thousand to one interested in them, if gen-
tlemen had heard such lectures and had seen such
interest manifested as I did during the recess of
Congress upon the subject of the refusal by Con-
gress to tax these banks, I believe they would be
willing to come up here and record their votes, and
record them in favor of this proposition. Why,
sir, the question was put to us by our Democratic
! friends m the West, how it was that, we,as a Re-
1 publican House, in framing a tax bill, were will-
mg to screen ihes>e banks while we taxed the notes
of everybody else? That was demanded of us,
and what answer could we give them r There was
, no answt r.
' Now, sir, let us come up and vot^ fairly and
I squarely upon this amendment. I appeal to our
! Democratic friends, the anti-bank men as they
, claim to be, par excellence, to show to the coun-
■ try liow they stand, and whether they will range
themselves on the side of this policy—on the side
of the people—against these corporations who are
eating out the substance of the people. I want
them to siiow tin ir hands.
! told my friend from Ohio [Mr. Hortok] that
he should Slave the infliction of a five-minutes*
speech ftoin me. I am now fulfilling that prom-
ise, partly for his benefit.
I say,Mr. Chairman, that I want this question
decided. I want a vote on it. I want the people
to see who is willing and who is not willing to
tax the banks, i want them to see who is in fa-
vor of letting the Government have the benefit of
the cii culation, and who is in favor of letting the
shinplaster factories have it. I, for one, do not
want, to have the worthless circulation of these
banks. I have no doubt that it would be very
generally worthless in a short time. I agree with
the gentleman from New York [Mr.Hall] when
he send that he wanted the people to have tin?
bene lit of the circulation. He wanted, and 1 want,
that Um people shall have T easury notes instead
of the shinplasters of private coipoiations. I trust
that this House will agiec with that gentleman
fiomNew York, and adopt thcameodment of my
tollw^U'-, [Mr. Lovi;joy,] that the notes of tiia
banks shall be made to pay a fair and just rate
of taxation Indeed, I hope that the tax will have
the eiVect of driving the notes of these banks en-
tirely out of circulation, in order to give place to
the national currency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
