490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the bill of the House (No. 659) to provide ways
and means for the support of (he Government;
the pending question being on Mr. Wickliffe's
amendment to Mr. Lovejoy's amendment to the
tenth section, oil which all debate was closed, by-
order of the House, in one minute.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
complete what I was on the point of stating in re-
gard to this matter of revenue. There is to be
from four to six hundred million dollars circula-
ting in this country without paying any interest.
The interest on that sum at-six per cent, will be
from twenty-four to thirty-six million dollars.
Somebody will have the benefit of that. Whether
will it be, the banks or the Government? That is
the point.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Illinois  
The CHAIRMAN". Debate on the amendment
to the amendment is exhausted. Does the gen-
tleman from Kentucky withdraw his amendment
to the amendment ?
Mr. WICKUFFE. No, sir; let it stand.
The question was taken on Mr. Wickliffe's
amendment to theamendment,andit was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. i move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] by striking out the last word. I wish to say,
Mr. Chairman, in reply to  
The C [I AIRMAN. Debate on the section and
all amendments to it is closed.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Illinois
asks the pertinent question, whaf are to be 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky cannot proceed without unanimous conscnt.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Th'cn the gentleman can-
not go on.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well. But have I not
the right to speak one minute?
The CHAIRMAN. The one minute has ex-
pired.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Chair asserts that as
a matter of fact, of course I will not dispute it;
but I have not been allowed even to commence,
and do not know how the minute can Jmvc ex-
pired. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois occupied the minute.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not speaking in his
minute; I was speaking in my own. 1 supposed
we were to have each a minute. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. All debate was limited to
one minute.
Mr.MALLORY. Then I withdrawmyarnend-
ment.
The question being on Mr. Lovejov's amend-
ment-
Mr. WASHiJURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messis. Wasiictjrn'e
and Evfii.iMj were appointed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I nppcal to the committee,
as a matter of flavor, at least, to give us a vote on
the amondmer"in the House.
Mr. ROSCOE C0NKL1NG. No, no.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, yes. [Laughter.]
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 29, noes 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I now offer my amendment
as n substitute for the hill.
The arm ndment was lead.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 should like to have about
ten minutes, if the committee have no objection,
to explain what my substitute is.
Several Members. Agreed, agreed. Let the
substitute be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I will ask to have it printed.
After I occupy some ten minutes i will make
that motion.
Mr, ROSCOE CONKLING. Then the two
billy-—that of the Committee of Ways and Means,
as amended, and this—will be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes.
Mr. WASHRtTRNE. Will the gentleman
yield to amotion to refer the bill back to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means? I Laughter.1
Mr. STEVENS. I must decline.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow rue, be-
foie lie opens the debate, I want to offer a resolu-
tion at the end of his rematks.
M r. STEVENS. Wc are now in the Commit-
tee of th^ Whole oifthe state of the Umon.
Mr. COX. I understand that. I wish to offer
a resolution that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of this bill, with a recommend-
ation to the House that it be referred back to the
Committee of Ways and Means, or some other
committee.
h Mr. STEVENS. J will give the gentleman an
opportunity as soon as I get through.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
I understand that we are proceeding now in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
under the imperative order of the House to close
debate in one minute.
The CHAIRMAN. That was on the tenth
section of the bill and the amendments pending
thereto.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, if the House
will persevere m paying coin for interest, then I
shall be in f.ivor of a bill different from all yet
offered. It has been suggested by n very eminent
financier. It pai takes of the qualities both of a
funded debt and a currency. The provisions of
the bill arc, allowing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue Treasury notes or bonds to whatever
amount the public necessities may require, hear-
ing an interest of 3.65 per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually in coin, and being a legal tender
like the United States notes. The interest on the
debt, which J have already stated at about the sum
of $2,100,000,000, would be  $70,650,000
The piemium on this, at forty per
ccnt  30,00*0,000
$107,310,000
No w, that is just about what our present le venue
could pay. That income, we have scon, will be,
as we suppose £200,000,000
The ordinary and foreign expenses,
aw before stated  93,000,000
Balance to pay out $107,000,000
Lenving but $310,000 beyond the income. Out
as a pat t of the income would be in coin, namely,
$37,000,000 beyond foreign expenses and the old
debt, the premium on that would be $34,000,000.
Deduct deficiency to pay interest, $310,000, and it
would actually leave a surplus of $14,590,000.
From this should be deducted lite difference of in-
terest Let ween that £.275,000,000 already sold at the
rate it bears, and what it would be at 3.Go per cent,
being $6,433,000, and it would reduce the surplus
to $6,357,000, leaving the Government m a com-
fortable condition.
This would really be a loan at par, bearing 3.65
per cent, interest, which the Government could al-
ways command without being beholden to money
lenders. It wouid also Iv a currency (being legal
tender) whenever the holder chose to use it as
•such: and would answer the people as well as
gold, and better than greenbacks.
Would this indefinite amount inflate the cur-
rency? for that can he the only objection. I be-
lieve not; but, on the other hand, it'would limit it.
Whoevci \v ould receive U, and would want an in-
vestment which would yield him a fair interest,
5.11 percent., and at the same time could be used
as money when he needed it, would hoard it until
he had a call for ensh. Jf he had twenty year
bonds, and wanted the money, he must sell them
at market pi ice. These he could use without
recon version.
I believe that the immense deposits now in the
banks would be withdrawn for investment in this
interest-hearingcurrency. Such withdrawal would
contract the cunvney, as I need not again repeat
that as they aie now used they are a leal circula-
tion, benefiting only the banks, and not the de-
positors. The New York banks alone, through
the use of their deposits, have within a few months
expanded the circulation more that! $60,000,000.
As these deposits were withdrawn for investment
m the three sixty-fives, the cut rency would con-
tract, and the price of gold sink to its legitimate
level.
Now, it has been suggested to me all round that
I ought to give way to a motion to rise, that these
bills maybe ordered to be printed. As I expect a
vote on my substitute, and as that request seems
reasonable enough, 1 will submit to whatever the
committee wish.
Mr. STRATTON. This is a very important
measure indeed; and it is certainly one which
members cannot understand properly by simply
hearing it read. I propose, therefore, to move
that the committee do now rise, for the purpose
of moving in the House that these bills be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the gen-
tleman give way to me for a moment?
Mr. STRATTON. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to offer
an amendment in the first part of the proposed
substitute, to strike out the words " not less than
par," where it occurs in relation to the disposal
of bonds, and I wish to offer a few suggestions in
relation to this bill.
I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I am not one of
those who can permit a sudden thought to strike
them, and swear eternal friendship. This measure
is sprung upon us at the last moment with very
little consideration, and I trust the House will not
be carried away captive, though it docs contain a
new idea. The proposition wears so specious a
character that I do not like the House to adjourn
after the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania until I can say at least a few words, and
they shall be few, upon it.
It is very obvious that, from the showing of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, we can make so
large a saving to the Government in the amount
of interest to be paid, that his new proposition
will acquire strength in the House if time is not
given to reflect whether greater and counterbal-
ancing evils will not flow from it.
One point to which 1 wish to direct the atten-
tion of the committee more especially, is that
this gieat circulating medium which the gentle-
man's amendment provides for raising, will be
used as a currency to the exclusion of that we
have heretofore issued, or, if not to the exclusion,
then in addition thereto. It is to be made a legal
tender to all intents and purposes—saving duties
on imports—in payment of all debts public and
private, and is to bear interest at the rate of 3 65
per cent, per annum. Of course no one would be
so foolish as not to prefer this to the currency we
have authoiized, which bears no inteiest. Then
what becomes of the argument winch has been so
long insisted on by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania and by others here, that we ought to estab-
lish one uniform system of national cunency?
If the notes proposed by the substitute the penile-
man from Pennsy Ivama now submits are to ^o into
circulation m competition with those we have al-
ready authorized, it is clear that one will be at a
premium or the other at a discount. If we author-
ize these notes, every one having the choice be-
tween the selection of interest-bearing notes or
bonds will, of course, take the interest-bearing
notes, which he can tender on any debt or nny
puichase; and no bonds will be sold at ail. The
whole amount of notes will be issued, and nothing
else.
I regard the substitute now submitted as one of
those specious propositions likely to captivate on
its fnsf presentation, but which, if' adopted, would
result in a prodigious inflation of the cunvwy—
an evil we all deplore at the present morn<.ni,—•
and magnify it to an almost indefinite extent. I
theretoie hope the House will give the proposi-
tion a careful and candid consideration befote it
shall consent to adopt it.
Mr. STRATTON. I trust I am not so prone,
upon a hasty consideration of agt ave proposition,
to jump at conclusions as my distinguished col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Moans
who has just taken his seat. In ail matters of so
much importance as the one which has ocupiud
the attention of the House for the last two weeks,
1 have always endeavored to act with a pioper
degree of caution as to what conclusion I Mutll
come to, and as to the result which it is most de-
sirable to attain.
Neither am I wedded to that pride of opinion
which I think I discover in some gentlemen here
that will not permit me, after having committed
myself to a particular proposition, to give to a
new proposition that weight which its importance
and ment demand.
I admit that of the propositions which have
heretofore, been before the committee for eonsid-
erarion, I piefer that of the Committee of Ways
and Means, or that bill which has been known
during this discussion as the bill of the commit-
tee, to those presented by either the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the ch.-uiiacui of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, or the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
