1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to them, they are entitled to them under the laws
of the United States as they now stand; and I do
not suppose this lawcan divest them of that right
if it has already been acquired under a capture
that has heretofore been made. The Senator from
New Hampshire suggests, and I think it a very
good suggestion, that we say " lawful captures
by the naval forces of the United States." ,
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think that that meets
nil the cases.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I should like to know
of the Senator what he means by the " high seas."
Does he mean captures made within a marine
league of the shore?
Mr. SUMNER. No, on tide-water.
Mr. GRIMES. " On the high seas" would be
beyond a marine league. The Senator is more
familiar with maritime law than I am, but accord-
ing to my recollection of the law (< the high seas"
means beyond a marine league of the land. Now,
if the Senator's amendment were adopted, it would
cut off all captures that might be made by naval
officers within the three miles. Does the Senator
want to do that?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do not.
Mr. GRIMES. Will not his amendment do it ?
1 think that is the effect of it; but if he will adopt
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
New Hampshire, and allow the courts to decide
what are lawful captures and what are not accord-
ing to maritime law and naval usage, I shall be
satisfied.
Mr. SUMNER. But captures on land in a cer-
tain sense are lawful; only they pass under the
name of booty; they are not maritime in charac-
ter. For instance, a boat's crew may land on the
shore and may capture personal property. That
I believe would not be cognizable in an admiralty
court, or in a prize court, but still it would be a
valid taking of the property.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will admit that
that is not lawful prize within the laws of war,
and therefore the amendment suggested would not
cover that case.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon,_
it would be a lawful capture, under the laws ot
war. 1 do not say that it would be what is tech- i
nically called prize, but it would be a lawful cap- .
ture. Now, in point of fact, I ^understand that I
naval officers of the United States on the western
rivers, do land and take cotton, huddle it on board
their steamers, and treat it afterwards as captured
property. It seems to me very clear, according
to principle, that those officers ought to be in the
same situation with the Army officers, in respect
to such captured property. Why is it that be-
cause they are on a gunboat, in tiie Mississippi
or in the Cumberland river, and from that they
make a landing on the shore, they should have
an immunity with regard to captured property
which the officers of the Army do not enjoy? My
object is to put them on an equality with the offi-
cers of the Army in such cases. I think the Sen-
ator from Iowa must see how reasonable it is.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment goes beyond
that, and covers the whole coast.
Mr.SUMNER. TheSenatorfrom New Hamp-
shire makes a suggestion to me which I am very
glad to accept. 1 will modify the amendment so
as to read:
That none of the provisions of tilts aet shall apply to <my
lawful maritime ptize by the naval forces of the United
States.
I think that will carry out the idea.
Theamendnient to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask a question
of the Senator from Michigan, about this amend-
ment. 1 want to know whether it has not been
decided that admiralty law applies to transactions
on our western waters?
Mr. HOWARD. There has been no decision
to my knowledge relating to the subject of cap-
tures made upon water in reference to the lakes
and the rivers connected with them. That ques-
tion has never arisen, whether the laws of war
respecting maritime captures apply to the lakes.
The Supreme Court of the United States, how-
ever, in the case of the Genesee Chief, decided,
obiter, though the question was not really raised
before the Supreme Court, that the lakes and the
waters connected with the lakes are subject to the
admiralty jurisdiction of the United States. That
was a civil case, and one in which the question
whether under the Constitution of the United
States the admiralty jurisdiction applies to the
lakes and the connecting waters was not very fully
discussed; indeed, I do not know that it was dis-
cussed at all by the counsel; but the learned Chief
Justice, in the course of the decision which he gave
in the case, took it upon himself, I think gratui-
tously, to say that under the Constitution the ad-
mirality jurisdiction of the United States extended
over those waters. That is an opinion, I must be
allowed to say at the same time, in which I have
never concurred. It is an opinion which has been
resisted by very learned courts in States bordering
on those waters, and one which will be hereafter
more strenuously resisted than it has been hitherto.
I have no idea thatany intelligent competent court
can ever hold that the admiralty jurisdiction of
the United States in its length and breadth applies
to the waters of those lakes or to the connecting
waters; and for this reason, sir, these waters have
never been treated by the nations who have owned
them as any part of the high seas; they have al-
ways been treated as internal waters, over which
the jurisdiction of France in the first place was per-
fect from one border to the other of the lakes, and
over which the British jurisdiction and the Ameri-
cae jurisdiction has been extended. On the
American side of the divisional line, the respective
counties fronting upon the lakes and rivers, com-
mencing in the State of New York, and passing
through the States of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michi-
gan, and Wisconsin, all of them, 1 believe, extend
out into the lakes and are terminated by the na-
tional division boundary line, and over those
counties thus consisting in part of land and in part
of water,those States have umfonnly'exerciseu the
ordinary Slate jurisdiction, certainly in respect to
crimes and offenses committed upon them. When
an attempt shall be made to exercise actually the
admiralty jurisdiction of the United States upon
those waters, I foresee that there will be very
strong resistance on the part of the States inter-
ested in the question. 1 he State courts, 1 think,
will notconcur in opinion with the learned Chiet
justice of the United States on that subject. That
is all the answer 1 can now give to my i'riend from
Minnesota-.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have an amendment
which I propose to offer to the additional section
adopted on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Clark;] and in order to reach
it, I move a reconsideration of the vote by which
that was concurred in, for the purpose of offering
an amendment which 1 think will obviate the
whole i>f this difficulty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole were
concurred in by the Senate, with a single excep-
tion; and the Senator from Michigan now moves
to reconsider the vote concurring in the several
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the several amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move an amend-
ment to the section a'dopted on the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire, which I think will
obviate the whole difficulty we are now in. In
line four of the additional section, after the word
"States," I move to insert the words "or any
officer, sailor, or marine in the naval service of the
United States, upon the inland waters of the Uni-
ted States;" so as to read:
That it sli.Llt be the duty of every officer or private of the
regular or volunteer forces of the United States, or any offi-
cer, sailor, or marine in the naval service ol the United
States, upon the inland waters of the United States, who
may take or receive any such abandoned property, &c.
That covers the whole ground, and / think will
obviate this difficulty.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator will not
insist upon that amendment. It does not improve
the question at all. I do not see that it can better
the condition in which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts leftit. Thatcannotbeimproved. Itseems
to me there is a needless misunderstanding about
the effect of this provision. The Senate at its last
session decided, so far as it could, and upon con-
siderable consideration, that there was no such
thin" in law as captures within the limit and ju-
risdiction of the United States by the Navy; that
the law of capture does not apply.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will paidon
me one moment, I will state that 1 have it. from
an officer formerly stationed at Memphis, who was
provost marshal there, that our gunboats did seize
a very large amount of cotton, and the Secretary
of the Treasury lias informed me thathe has never
received one dollar from those seizures. I new
desire to so fix this bill that the officers of our
gunboats and of our naval vessels on our western
waters shall be compelled to turn over this seized
property to the Treasury of the United States prfr*
cisely as the Army has to do. '
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permitme to
inquire whom the provost marshal said theguiv?
boat officers turned the cotton over to?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot tell. I do not
suppose it was turned over to anybody. It was
stolen, I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. By the generals?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know what be-
canje of it. It never got into the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. I would recommend the Sen-
ator before he casts any imputation upon any of
the naval officers who command these gunboats,
to inquire further and see what became of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to cast any
imputation upon anybody. I simply want in the
future to compel these officers to turn over their
captures and seizures to an agent of the Treasury
of the United States, and then there can 1ft no im-
putation cast.
Mr. MORRILL. My objection to this prop-,
osition of the Senator from Michigan is, that tt im-
plies that the Navy may make these captures and
shall turn them over. Now, the amendmentof tire
Senator from Massachusetts excludes the idea of
their making them at all, and that is exactly in
conformity with the action of the Senate at the last
session. 'The Senate determined, upon a full re-
port and considerable consideration of the subject,
that the law of prize did not apply within the limit
and jurisdiction of the United States, and that the
whole law of prize which authorizes captures by
the Navy does not authorize the capture of prop-
erty belonging to citizens, whether loyal or dis-
loyal, within the limits and jurisdiction of the
United States. The amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts is predicated on that idea of
what the law is, and it excludes the Navy from
any participation whatever in the seizure of prop-
erty within the limits and jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States. I suggest to the honorable Senator
from Michigan that it stands much better as it is
under that amendment. The Navy should not
make captures within our limits and jurisdiction.
That is not its province. That is the province of
the Army.
Mr. C HANDLER. The Senator will pardon
me. We are dealing with a fact and not an as 
sumption.
Mr. MORRILL. I would change the fact, and
make it illegal for them to make captures within
our jurisdiction at all. I very much prefer the
amendment as it stood when offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CHANDLER. The fact is, that our gun-
boats are a sort of videttes thrown out ahead of
our armies. Senators will remember that when
our gunboats first entered the State of Alabama,
they took a considerable amount of cotton, and
very properly. Now, what I want to do is to
compel the naval officers to turn over this seized
property or taken property to the United States.
I hope my amendment will oe adopted. It will,
I think, perfect the bill, and avoid any necessity
for the additional section pioposed either by the
Senator from Iowa or the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. GRIMES'. Mr. President, ifa naval officer
captures any property on the western waters, or
anywhere else, and claims that he is entitled to it
as prize, he is obliged to turn it over, under the
laws as they now stand, to some officer appointed
by the United States; and 1 undertake to say that
the Senator fiom .Michigan, oranybody else, can-
not trace one single bale of cotton or any other
property to any naval officer which has been
improperly disposed of. Such is not the case in
regard to the Army, and I understand that^ the
purpose of this bill is to make some provisions
' that shall be applicable to the Army. It may be
| true—and I am inclined to think that the Senator
1 from Michigan is correct—that the admiralty laws
1 do not apply to the western waters; but I am
: unwilling to say so to the officers and men who
j are out there. I know that if we do say so by le-
1 gislative act, we shall create dissatisfaction among
