1863.
It is a soft, penetrable mass, through which you
cannot penetrate to the bottom; oniy by artificial
moans can it be made an island to support such
works as it will be necessaiy to erect m order to
make a navy-yaid; the whole surface of the teni-
t0lT !j\ere t0 oecupied must be raised from four
to six teet before it can bo made available.
Now, what will 11 cost r Pennsylvania, being a
large State, may furnish soil enough fiom other
pottions of het temtory to make this an island,
if it were the little State of Connecticut, wo might
possibly be compelled to convey a pretty large por-
tion of our territory to this so-called island with-
out making!! avadabie exceptat low water. Penn-
sylvania being more extensive, undoubtedly can
do it and make it an island, but it will cost a mint
of money.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They have
the Aileirhanh s.
Mr. XuJSTEEt. They have the Alleghtinies, as
rny bonoi able fi it nd fi om Massachusetts suggests;
but it will eo.si a ^rood deal to bring down the Ai-
leghanies, or sueh portion of the Alieghanics as
will be necessary to make this an island. It would
be better, m point of economy, to fix upon some
other locality, some humbler place near New Lon-
don, leady, prepared, even if the Government
should pay a proper price for it, than it would be
to incur the expense of excavating the Alk'ghanies
and transporting the soil to this island neai the
city of Philadelphia.
The hommibh Senator savs that Connecticut
does not pi oiler anyihut';- in tins matter; she does
not oli'cr to give; the Government will nave to
buy. It 5s tine that Connecticut has not: No-v
London has not pi oposed to e t he Gove;nment
a site for a navy-yaul. I s'nail not by any mean-;
institute a comparison between the" hbeiah;v or
New London and Philadelphia. Philadelphia enn
cei tamiy ailbid to give veiy much nunc than is :w
London. Phere aiC, however, reasons wh} >t
should not be chained to an illiberal or nnsei 1 v
spirit that New London or Connecticut h-is not.
proposed to make a gift to the Go\ernment, sani-
ated ju^t as thi-s matter is. It seemed to the peo-
ple of New London.ami to the people of Connee- !
ticut, that it would be like a strife, an unrtigniiied
bid, to sec who should be most liberal, aftm l'hi:- :
adelpiiia had m'opo^ed to make a gi;;, ;f ihey -
should conic forwani with such a proportion. U
wns agitated: the subject was talked o-/m, and !
talked over recently, m a special session i.t om
Legislature, met foi purposes t\ latins to the war, !
whether the State should make an oifer of a. site i
to the Government ior fins purpose, a> d n was '
deemed that it would ho mdeiii'nto; noi :hat tiie '
State was not piepared to doit, but il w >; deemed '
that it would have rather an otfensive look, eon-
sidei 1112; the posaion in winch tiiL (piestioa stands.
But the honorable Senatoj says tin • e ,,w two
tilings essentially requisite lor a naval doom and ;
navy-yard having in view the construction of iron-
clad ships, and that tins island near Phil.ah Iphia '
lias these two essential requisites, madeine' that .
place superior to all others. These ai e den-re-':- '
bihty and iresh water. Now, sir, f. om the let-nit ■
of the hoard or officers who were appom'ed oy
the Secretary of the Navy to make the examma- '
lion, I think it will appear that they have weigiied
fairly all the ad van ug< sand disati \ an Ugcs of these i
two place.-, and came tit cideciiy to the result that '
New London was t'i" pieiW\ilde place. Thcjren- .
tlemen appointed by the S.-cietory had these "two !
j-oints m view, a.s well as the1 honorable Senator i
They were men of tinni'mco in their pi ofesM<m; :
most of them had s«.t val and f.uthially m the :
Navy of the United 8tn. a, and \ver " competent, ,
if any men in the conn try can be competent, to
decide just such questions as the honoiabie Sen-
ator has suggested; and they da! decide them.
But tile honorable Senator says that tin re was
a division of opinion, and thtM while four of the !
commission dceided one way, two de.nded the
other. That is title: but it is also true that lh<>se
two gentlemen wiio made the mmornv ropoit—
and 1 by no means wish to say one woid in dero- ;J
Ration of their ebaiacter for ability, honor, or m- j
n^rity; far be it from me to intimate aught against
them—were so circumstanced that unless they
were something mm e than imman they would be
apt to have some preconceived opinions on the
subject which they weie called to decide. One
of them had already decided the question, and his
opinion and judgment were on file in the Navy
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
Department before he was appointed. The other
was a leshlent of ihe city of Philadelphia, paid
probably had some of the opinions of the honoi-
abie Senator, that Philadelphia was a groat city,
and Pennsylvania a gi eat State; that Connoeueut
was a small State, and New London a small vil-
lage.
Bear in mind, Mr. President, that I do not
alhide to these facts by way of impeaching the
honor or integrity of these gentlemen one iota, for
I would be the last man to do it. [ know them
to be ho tunable, high-minded, intelligent men; but
they a'e subject to the same feelings, p,u tialities,
prejudices which attach to human nature in its
inchest manifestation. Of the other gentlemen
who made up the boaid, none of tlu tvfw ei e cm-
"■ins of Connei'licut, and none of them had any
prepossessions in fovoi of New London. The
w *y men on tins commit.mod \\eu; competent to
d<'"i'h ' lie two questions w Inch the honoruld<; Sen-
alt.r KU<i<;eHH—det\ nsiiuhty and fresh watm ; but
aside fiom them, I hav i: #• very highest jio^silde
testimonials fi otn ^eoth-nnai connected with llie
pubn • .-erviee—military mm, enirmcers—that the
harl.oi of New London i-iay be made asdekmsi-
M<> ,is the rity of Phi i.ulep
The whole commerce m
\v bi'-h enters thr<ui<,'n its
ocean, past Montauk P« on
\ I)' k, belt)! e i L pas&es ' lie •
most sail tinou^b a i'or j
pool
li.i, at very smtiil cost.
Loii_ ' Island fcJounti,
•astern opening to the
i'i oi der tog'et to New
u i oi c>fN''W London,
bar lour miles from a
il land on one lid.nid to a point t)f laud on
u , n here fortifieri iods io,iy be m ector! v. inch
shall command the passage, t in ) e bem^ thus Oiliy
lour miles of water bi tvicii luem. Abmit mid-
way ol that passage th« hms.i leil^" of i ocks wheie
another fortiheanon can iv eri (,'ef{, beipjr but, two
nnhsfroni lanrl on ca. n miu. 'S'ln- whole com-
merce of the bound, L la..'at, p is.^es tin oimh that
"W, sir, it ma}' be veiy unimportant for the 1
Gtivtinnnnf to foitity that p'>nif v ph i-fei-nce]
to New London, ruiti with reiVre'i'-e to the whol" !
sea-b'i;ud of L'onnecticut, v, hie 1 ts on the Sound, I
ami has a <--ood many } irosjun-oas towns a nd il- i
hi^-es—no cities equad to Philadelphia, it is t: ue— |
d hyliaviii^ this pass made imprr'^-
sels of war. In tins connection, I
orable Sencuor has not foigotteu the
Yoik—not a\dla';e, but a city as
t o udoul)!ed 1 V as the eit^ of Phi ladeIplna,
i tae honotabic Senator m iy not tinnk so,
1 he1 ,e\ e theie is a lit tie i\>el 'orr nf rn y
Plidaah-lplna and New Voik at tunes.
. ii < 1 Ne
to ne piotei
iKiblo to v
tru-t tlu% li-
my of Nf
imp< rta.ntt
vJinun
hecau
hot wo
There is limit* bet wen Philadelphia and New Lon-
don, certainly: but between Philadelphia and New
\ ork" 1 have beaid that at limes there was some
ht'ie feeling of i ivalry, of course notlnn^.but what
was p:ooer; that just a id proper rivahv which
may exist between two ^nat cities. Fortifvin^
tins ,'rui ar.ee nuo the t*:ound from the east, which
will piotect the harbor of New London entirely
on that side, will protect the speat city of New
cth
I
k, and leave that city pei
far it* the rast end of Isl
; cernr-d ;and thoGovernment ha:-
' laire sum, tif money and will
i more upon fortifications but1
i neaiei .\i w Voik, winch will 1.
| sory if PUS ol'a''' —tii!1 Uaae—i
1 Put, sir, I Will s'^y jk  more on ih1
j deieus'.biuty, thoo^'n 1 in'^iitsav umcli.
. i^ods fio-di Wiiuu*,tne aiivautmres nm imt
pi oteeted ?
id Sound is col
.h ea,d y ex pendr
uei na
r in
the Sound
V
.snb.je
-,t of!
■} ie- i
«.v!
means on tiie side of Po
elannrd by the honorable
in the immediate ha' boro!
•e>- is not entirely fr«.*h, y
siderahie ext'.nc, f o' theje
Wdter pouring sn fn>m f!;e
chances the emit,a
ladt liio >a !o tae e\ t at
Senator; for ahiir-n^h j
Xew Loud oil p.e w a- |
t if. is so to a. vet y con- [
i- alai re bod v ol ! - >>sh |
i tvers abovi , w'ueh so i
' v;«uer that i he m, i n.« '
substances, crimtaceoo« f.ure.io
!! attach th''iiise;ves to tin- bottoi..
p m s.dt w.a'.i will not attach the
,1 vesfcels lym1^ in that harbor. H"?
• , cc .. w n .t a
f u on v e^s.-is
en e? to i M' isi*
•s, no tie1 ram
a very short d stance, peifeetly aecessiba' to ships j
ol rlu* 'attest class, fiesh wat^r ma.v be i>bfa;>i''d ,
as fresh as that of to • i>mw;)te; not as abundant, :
but sutaciently so for ad imimoses (or the con- j
struction of slaps of win, iioa clad <;r oUmrwise, {
that may requue fiesii water m order to preser,e ;
them. i
Why, sir, at a fraction cf the expense winch it J
will require to place League Island m such con- j
dition as that a structure may be placed upon it, i
streams of fresh' water which are in the neighbor-
hood of New London may be brought in by arti-
ficial means, and docks made where vessels may
be in perfectly pure fresh water all the time.
Mr. President, 1 am not asking that the Con-
^icss of the United States shall appropriate a dol-
lar of money for the benefit of New London, or
for the benefit of Connecticut. I only aslc that
where there i  api-oject before the country which
it seems to me will be attended with great ex-
pense, and where the same result may be arrived
at without that expense, we say to the Secretary
of the Navy, 4< proceed no further in this mutter
until the further order of Congress." Unless we
say tins, the Secretary proposes to go on and take
this locality; and the exigencies of the case are
talked about as a reason why it should be done.
Why, sir, it will take years before anything can
be done with League Island. There is no neces-
sity, theretoi e,for haste with reference at all events
to the existing war, for nobody supposes this war
is to continue as it now is four or live years, which
time it would take before.a single ship could be
made ready at League Island. If you were to put
the whole power of the United States, so far as?
any one would think of p' icmg it on this island
for the purpose of making it a navy-vaid and na-
val station, it would take from four to five years
bt fore a ship could be launched there. Before that
time I tiust tins exigency wdl have passed awav.
There is no necessity, therefore, for any haste in
the matter; ami inasmuch as wc cnmply propose
to say to the Secietary, " stay your hand until
further order of Congress," I truiat the Senate will
i readilv pass the resolution.
Mr. GIUMLS. Mr. President, I nm not here
: as a lepresentative of any S>aie that can be di-
lectiy or tnditeetly mteresu d in a navy-yaid, ex-
cept as to the ^cii'-ral interests winch my con*
jst11uents may feel m our maiitmie defenses. I
. believe that I can appioaeh the consiilei ation of
t Ins subject without any prepossessions in favor of
any place, or any piejudieos against one. If 1 had
prepossessions in favor ot' any one, l think they
would be ill !a\ or of my native New England; but
it oecuis to me, sir, that there aie considerations
connected with tins question that ate of very gi eat
importance to the welf'ai e of the >. ounti y, and that
we ought not to regard it as a simple question be-
tween League Island and New Loudon.or between
Pennsylvania and COnneetirut, but look at it m a
mitesnumbke view, and see what wdi probably
be tiie consequences of the vote we may give on
this subject to the counts y at large.
I think it is agieed by everybody, Mr. Presi-
dent, that our ships ot war m future are to be iron
ships; and hardly anybody proposes now to build
an vthing else, except it be \es,se!s of a small class
wifii a gieat rate of speed. For cruisers, if we
ma in tain cruisers, if we do keep up a class of steam
wooden vessels, we have a number of yards at
which they can be fitted, or where they can be
placed in oidmary; but we have not at this time
anywhere a yard properly adapted to the construc-
tion of iron ships, ami the machinery winch is
connected with them. Now, sir, it is not only a
place at which ships can be constiudcd that is
sought to tie S'-cuied by the Navy Department,
hut they want to obviate a great many of the
troubles that have arisen during the past year in
e < o j Si rpiei.ee of defeeuve machinery. It .so hap-
oens that we have no yard in the United States
whore we manufactuie our own engines and our
own bmleis. We are entirely dependent upon
puvate contractors foi evn-ytlumi of that suit.
Tho ViOP PllKSf DENT. The morning hour
Slaving expired, the unfinished business of yester-
day conns op
Ait. POSTRU. 1 hope the gentlemen connected
with that subje■ • t will allow this to go on for a
vei y sIku t time. This is ,'ei'a.in!y a pretty im-
port nit matter. Under the eueumsLmces, I would
not ask :t to be piessod as a^amst business of
gi eater nnpoi * one, and 1 will not a^k it to be
pn s^ed any £nat length of time, bu> 1 hope we
may gel a vote hei'ose lon<:: and 1 Past, by com-
mon col sent, the other business wiif be hud
for a shoit time. Il gentlene n «;et impatient, tney
can ask for the ordei of the day at any Mile.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if there be no ob-
;"Ction, the order of t':o day wii! be informally
laid aside. The Chair hears none. The Senator
pom Iowa will proceed.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 was saving that we have no
