1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
them. I tell you, Mr. President, that the most
onerous, the most laborious, and most irksome
duty in connection with the naval service is per-
formed by the men in your western flotilla; and
now will Congress say to those men, "you shall
not have an opportunity of testing the question
in the Supreme Court, or before any of the courts,
as to whether you are entitled to prize or not, al-
though the Chief Justice of the United States has
expressed the opinion," obiter,as the Senator from
Michigan said, "that they are entitled to it."
Do that,and you will see that they will be attempt-
ing to get detached from that squadron, and be
connected with some other squadron. That will
be the inevitable result of it; because, in addition
to their patriotism, like everybody else, they pre-
fer to be employed in that part of the public ser-
vice where they will realize something in addition
to their regular compensation. I want that west-
ern flotilla to be as effective as possible; and al-
though I am inclined to the opinion that they are
not, and that the courts will decide that they are
notentitled to anything under the admiralty laws,
as prize, lam utterly unwilling to say that they
shall not be entitled to it, and that they shall not
have an opportunity of testing that question in the
courts o£ justice. I think that the Senator from
Michigan, 1 think that every Senator here who
wants that flotilla to be effective, and wants the
Mississippi rfver to be opened, stands very much
in his own light in attempting to cause Congress to
make any such declaration in the law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan to the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows: "
YEAri—-Messrs. Arnold, Chandler, (Joll.imer, Davis,
Dixon, Harding, tlaikm, ILirn-j, Henderson, Hicks, How-
ard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, NeMiiith, Pomeioy,
Powell, Uioe, RichauUon, Sherman, Tiumbtil], Wade,
Wilkinson, and Willey-**.
NAVS—Messrs Anihonv.Clark, Cowan. Oooliule, Foot,
FoMei, Grimes, Kuisr, Mouill, Sunmei, Ten Eyck, Wd-
in t, and Wilson of Ma^Mchusett;,—Uf,
The amendment to the amendment \vun agreed to.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. In relation to the second
section of this bill, which provides for buying this
property in insurrectionary districts, I desire that
that section should be stricken out. The appoint-
ment of agents to receive abandoned property
and captured property 1 do not object to. i am
told that theie has been a vote of the Senate on
this question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There has
been no vote yet on coneuning in the amend-
ments made as m Committee of the Whole. There
have been two votes on amending the amend-
ments made as m Committee of the Whole. The
question now is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like now to have
a vote of the Senate on the question of author-
izing agents to purchase this property. Itstnkes
me as (urmshing money to these insurrectionary
distiiels by winch they will buy ammunition end
arms to fight us with. I move to strike out the
second section; and as the third section is the one
which carries the second section into effect, I
move to strike out the third section, and I ask for
the yeas and nays on that, motion.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The Secretary lead the section, as follows:
Sec. D. Jlnd be it furlhir cnuctcd. That it .-hall be Inwlul
for such agfMit oi agouti, under such regulation-, as the t?ee
retary of the Tiea-ury may pre.-cube, to puichase in r>«mi
hihiUM ftion.try Hiate-. coiion, n< c, >ugai, and tobacco, at
such pi ice or purc^as may be a^icod on, not exoeodnux the
niaiket pu«*« of mu h juncle at the place oi i-ale, nor iwo
tliml*. or the niaiket pnco thcteot in the city of New Yoik
at the date of the Li-t quotation- known to*Mich ajjent.
Air. CHANDLER. I will not go over the m-
guments that were used m committcc on striking
out the second and third sections. I hope the mo-
tion will not prevail. I believe I explained the
matter fully before.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make one state-
ment in regard to this motion. This provision of
the bill is its essential feature. Every other pro-
vision of this bill is amply provided for by the act
of 1861. There is not another provision in this
bill that is not provided for thoroughly m the act
of 1861, though possibly I should except A om this
statement the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire. This feature of the bill differs from
the act of 1861, which, I think, covers the whole
subject of dealing with these insurrectionary dis-
tricts, in that it authorizes the Government to be
a factor in the staples of that country; and that is
just what it is, no more, no less; so that if the
Senate strike out this section, they strike out the
whole measure. It is equivalent to voting against
the whole measure, because every other provis-
ion in the bill having been heretofore provided
for, the only question for the Senate to consider
is, whether they are willing now, and whether
they mean to authorize the Government to become
a general factor in the staples of that country ? If
they do, they will vote to retain the section, and
to retain the bill. I do not understand that there
is any other question. The bill makes no appro-
priation; but of course it is to be followed by an
appropriation adequate to make the Government
a general factor in the staples of that country. I
therefore hope that if the Senate is friendly to the
hill, friendly to the object of the bill, which object
is as 1 have stated, it will retain this section, be-
cause the bill is nothing without it.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not understand the
effect of the adoption of this amendment to go to
the extent claimed by the honorable Senator from
Maine. The first section refers toalaigeamount
of property, the abandoned and captured prop-
erty in the insunectionary districts, which must
necessarily fall under the control of our forces as
they advance into that country, and must be taken
care of or become absolutely wasted and destroyed.
The second section of the bill is a very different
thing, authorizing the Government ofi.be United
States to become the purchaser of hundreds of
millions of property through its agents, to resell
again in Lhe maiket. Now, Mr. President, 1 am
not myself prepared to go the length of allowing
the Government to become a gieat factor, to go
into the business of piuchosing and selling cotton,
nee, and tobacco, for two leasons: first, I think
lhe Government is not the pioper kind of corpo-
ration toeairyon that transaction; and another
reason is, thatfoi my parti do not desire to fur-
nish in these districts means and money by which,
coming into the hands and under the control of
secessionists, the enemy may purchase ammuni-
tion and all the supplies of war to wage and carry
on this war against the Government of the United
States.
Mr. President I shall not take up the time of
the Senate, because I know that we at o just in the
last slaves of the session, and 1 am willing to come
diieetly to.a vote. 1 feel the necessity of prompt
action in what we do.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to take
up the time of the Senate, but 1 hope this section
will be stricken out. The end to be accomplished
by lhe adoption of a section of this character can
ceitainly be best accomplished by withdrawing
entirely the blot kade from the southern ports, and
then letting those people tiade wheie they desire
to trade. That would be less objectionable than
this proposition; because, besides allowing I rude
wit h States in rebellion, under this section we have
(he Government emhaiking as a great trader or
factor in this business. I do not know that I have
seen a moie objectionable proposition in this Sen-
ate (luting the present session.
Mi. Piesident,my whole information from the
A1!i.>«tNsippi t iver at the present time is, that more
aid and comfort has bren given to the rebels re-
cently on the Mississippi i iv< r by the contraband
I rade that has been carried on there tha.il anything
else that has occuired during the war. The very
first thing we did m the origin of this war was to
declare non-intercourse with the icbels. It was
done by an act enabling the President to proclaim
that fact, and it was followed by a proclamation
of the Piexident, and it has been our efFort m the
West at all times to give aid to the blockade es-
tablished upon the southern poits by completely
closing the Mississippi river, in order to prevent
the very thing thyt is designed, in my view, by this
bill, if we allow trtido to be earned on there by
individua!s,the result of it will be that the means
will be given to the rebels to carry on tins war
for any length of time. If the Government trades
with them at all, 1 suppose we must give them
money for their products, or else we must ex-
change productions with them. If the western
States are permitted to pour into the robe! Slates
their corn and their hay and other productions, if
the rebels desire to hold out, this war will be in-
terminable. I think that the object and design of
the blockade of the ports and the blockade of the
Mississippi river was to prevent the very thing
designed m this bill. It may be adopted; but if it
is adopted the Senate will see in less than twelve
months, in less than six months, that the effect of
it will be merely to give aid and comfort to the
rebels. 1 know that such is not the design, and
I can see the reason that has operated upon Sen-
ators to induce them to favor a proposition of this
sort. 1 can very well imagine that a great deal of
property which would be exceedingly valuable to
the Government of the United States might be
taken possession of under this bill. We might
go on and purchase a large amount of property at
the depieciated value m the southern States, which
would be exceedingly valuable to us at the present
time; but it ought to be remembered that while it
would be valuable to our own Government, the
prices we should be compelled to pay to the rebels
would be far more valuable to them than the ar-
ticles could possibly be at the increased value here
to ourselves.
I do not think the Government itself ought, un-
der any circumstances, I care not whether in the
midst of peace or war, become an immense trader
in articles of this cbaiacter* If you open up trade
to these men under the circumstances, and pay
them as contemplated undei this bill, I exceed-
ingly fear that this rebellion will last longer than
is contemplated by gentlemen who are sustaining
tins bill. If trade is to be opened at all, if the
Government is to enter into a business of this
character, I say at once open up the blockade of
the Mississippi river,and let my people go to the
Gulf of Mexico. Sir, we have suffered long m
the West, and we are willing to suffer more; we
are willing to continue our sufferings until the
rebellion has been piostrated, and our flag made
to wave again over cveiy foot of territory from
Missouri to the Gulf of Mexico. We are willing
to make every sacrifice that is essential to the
accomplishment of the purpose. Put, sir, if the
Government is to enter into a scheme of this char-
acter, if the rebels are to have the benefit of trade
opened up to them, let us establish a general trade,
and let my people commence trading with them,
too. It would relieve us of many burdens in Mis-
souri, Iowa, and Wisconsin, ewid elsewhere. The
productions of our soil have been lotting upon
our hands, that portion which has not been de-
stroyed, at least m my State; and we have had
no markets whatever for them. They do not hear
railroad transportation from the West to the East,
and hence it is that we have been compelled in
consequence of this blockade to bear all the suffer-
ings that a people could possibly bear.
If there was any reed good to be accomplished
to the Government of the United States by this
proposition I would say amen to it. If I am not
mistaken trade was opened at Fredericksburg at
a very important period during our war, and what
was the result of it? The merchants of Freder-
icksburg went to Baltimore under permits from
our officers and purchased supplies for the rebel
army, ami the veiy moment General McDowell
evacuated Fredericksburg, the rebel army entered
Fredericksburg and took the supplies which were
purchased under permitsfrom ourofficers. It will
be repeated m the West. Sir, those men who
think that this rebellion can be crushed othei wise
than by force, by military power, are laboring un-
der a most egregious error. It cannot be done.
There is but one way in which it can be put down,
and that is by force. Putitdown by force; block-
ade the ports; blockade the Mississippi river:give
them none of the aid and encouragement that
jj would be given by this bill; keep up your non-
i| inteicoursu with them; give them no money; give
;J them none of the products without which they
'I cannot, I hope, long hold out; let us take every
j j inch of the tei utoiy west of the Mississippi liver;
,j let us occupy it; take possession of Aikansas,
| western Louisiana, and Texas; and in the course
j of a short time, with non-intercourse proclaimed
j with them, we may possibiy put them in a eon-
: dition where they will be compelled to yield; or,
| at least, if they do not yield, we shall have gotten
I that portion of their territory which, taken away
from them, they are bound ultimately to die; be-
cause we should have cut the main artery that
gives life and energy to the rebellion. Sir, I
