496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
ther provision, another place was to be exam-
ined. What was the meaning and intention of
that act? Although the Secretary of the Navy
in his report takes a different viewof it, evidently
the intention of Congress was not to decide the
question of location, nor to compel him to make
that decision—as he seems to think he is com-
pelled—but to provide that if a board of compe-
tent officers were of opinion after examination
that the public interest would not be promoted by
the selection, the selection should not be made;
and, furthermore, that a choice should be made
by that board as between League Island and the
other places mentioned. I understand the Secre-
tary of the Navy to take the ground that, in con-
sequence of the peculiar wording of that act, it
not being expressly said that in case a report was
made against League Island he should be pto-
hibited from accepting that location, therefore he
is bound to accept it—which he proposes to do—
and thus bind the Government, so far as he can do
so, in favor of the establishment at League Island.
The board provided fbr in the act investigated
this subject, and reported upon it. I shall not
inquire who constituted the committee. The Sen-
ator from Iowa has stated that lie cannot say
whether they were properly appointed or not. I
think they were; but at any rate U can be said, as
has already been said by my colleague, they wen;
not prepossessed in favor of the location at New
London. Tht:y visited that harbot. I had the
pleasure of accompanying them as an invited
gucstof the city of New London. I had the pleas-
ure of sailing up that harbor with them. I had
seen it before. My attention had never been par-
ticularly called to it in reference to this particular
question; but, sir, on that occasion it did seem to
me that it was utterly impossible for any compe-
tent person to view those capacious and accessi-
ble waters, and that surrounding ground, without
coming to the conclusion that it was the best place,
not only in the United States, but perhaps even
on the globe, for the purpose now under consid-
eration. The continent there is pierced by n river
which, for some eight or ten miles, is piobably
not equaled in many respects by any estuary on
the globe. The soundings, as we proceeded,
showed that the water was never less than about
forty feet in depth, even when we were as near the
banks as we now are to the walls of this build-
ing. It is, in fact, an arm of the sea, and at the
same time does not partake entirely of the char-
acter only of salt water, but is freshened by two
largo rivers which it receives at. Norwich.
It is at ail times free not only from ice which i-5
permanent in its character, but also fioin running
ice, from the fact that no very great river, pene-
trating into the country, pouis down its floods of
ice with every fieshet; those to which 1 have al-
luded, though large m volume, being eotnpaia-
tivily short m their course. 1 saw to-day in a
Baltimore paper, a letter from Philadelphia, Mating
that at this very moment, even m tins mild win-
ter, almost unprecedented in this climate, the Del-
aware river was so incommoded by the ice [toured
down by the freshets from the upper Delaware
that it was impossible to navigate it. Immense
masses of ice were sweeping down the river,
borne swiftly on by the wmtery torrents. That
is a difficulty to winch that "Teat river is always
exposed. Though 1 know but little of the char-
acter of the Deiawaie river, 1 have seen it, cer-
tainly more than once, when u was impassable
by any means of navigation in consequence of
ice. It is not an uncommon thing for that rivt-r
to be so filled up with ice as to be utterly impas-
sable. This never happens in the case of the
Thames river. The water is so near the ocean,
and of so great depth, that it scarcely ever—per-
haps not within the memory of man—entuely
freezes over; and at the same time it is entirely
exempt, for the reason I have stated, from ice pro-
duced by a freshet pouring down fiom the upper
regions.
That, sir, is the position of New London. The
board were not prepossessed in its favor. They
examined the sire carefully. Th^y went,ti!so,
to Narragansett bay. They then proceeded to
Philadelphia. They made a careful examination
of the three sites. Now, what is their leport: it
seems to me that we can draw more lignt from
that report than from any other source. They
have given us their reasons in favor of New Lon-
don and against League I&land. The principal
reason they give against the selection of League
[sland is that which seems mainly to attract the
attention of the Senator from Iowa; and that is
its low, alluvial, muddy character. The Senator
says he has been on that island, and that it is
not formed of the loose and muddy soil which
has been described by the Senatorfrom New Jer-
sey. He says he found residents there; he found
no less than five families living upon that tract of
ground; and he says he saw tiees standing which
were of great age. He gives us the testimony of
the trees and the testimony of the inhabitants,
lie cannot give us " the testimony of the rocks;"
for I presume there is not a rock on the island.
The people on the island assure the Senator it is
not unhealthy. Can the Senator name to me a
place on the face of the globe the inhabitants of
which will acknowledge that it is unhealthy:
However pestilential the breezes which sweep
over any spot of earth, however fiuitful in dis-
ease its soil, its favored inhabitants will assure
yon that it is the abode of health and happiness.
Mr.JjRIMES. I can add a little to the Sena-
tor's teslunouy. I have the leport of Mr. Hum-
phreys, made in 1818, in which he assigns as one
of the reasons why a navy-yard ought not to be
established at New London, that the ships would
j| be greatly injui ed in consequence of floating ice in
the river Thames.
Mi. DIXON. That is a point on which I should
he very glad to leave this question. If the ques-
tion is raised upon the comparative freedom ftom
ice of these two haibors, I should be very clad to
have it tested on that point. The committee ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy examined
and have reported upon that quorum.
Now, with regaid to the nature of the soil at
League Island, the Senator fiom Iowa says it con-
tains four hundred and fifty acres of solid land.
He knows very well that these four hundted and
fifty acies of land are to be approached by a nar-
iow maigm upon the verge of the water. We have
the testimony of the Senator from New Jersey,
with icgaid to the chaiacter of that mai y;ni. It is
of such a character that it must be entirely filled
up. The committee report that vast quantities of
adjacent or neighboring soil must be eai ried upon
that land to make it of such a character that it
will sustain and uphold buildings. The Senator
says this is true or only fouror five acies; that is
to say, the Government need to render fum and
solid only four or five acres, and at tne same time
he tells us that the navy-yard uheady established
in Philadelphia is not laige enough. Why, sir,
that yaid includes a great deal more ground than
has been mentioned. Four or live acies will not
be sufficient for a Government nuvy-yaid. Here
is wanted an immense establishment, probably a
laigei establishment than now exists anywhere
m :1ns countiy, and stul the Senator tells us we
need to tedeem only four or five acres, and that
we can fhen proceed at oni leisuie upon the rest.
Mi. GRIMES, The Senaior must remember
that we have a navv-yatd of tieven acies of
valuable ground above, which ue <\m abandon as
we s  e fit.
Mr. DIXON. I understood from the Senator
that was to be abandoned; that we needed only
one navy-yard.
Mr. GRIMES. We can abandon it when we
see tit. The proposition of the Navy Department
is gradually to nunc that n.ny-yurd down to the
new one on League Island.
Mi.DIXON, it will be guukud,I acknowledge.
"V^u must fast fill up this island; you must make
this soil; you must actually create it on a basis
v. here you cannot now stand ; .oid then you must
move your navy-yaul to it. i myself beheve that
it will be a gi adual process—almost as gradual as
Liie process by which this island has been created
since the beginning of the world, by alluvial form-
ations and deposits.
I wish to read a tew words to the Senate from
this leport with legaid to the character of this
land. As I said herorc, the question is not be-
tween New Loudon and League Islcuid. The
question is whether League Island is the proper
place to be sehi<,ted. Is Cong}ess pr"par<*d to say,
upon present mfoimnt ion, thatanavy-yaid should
be commenced upon League Island, involving the
enormous expense which \ believe will be in volt ed
by cieatmg land there? We are told the island
has been offered to us, and why should we not
accept this gift? The same argument will apply
to any other position in the United States. Why,
sir, there are innumerable stations winch the peo-
ple would be glad to give, if the Government of
the United States would accept them. I will ven-
ture to furnish the Senate any number of gifts of
this description, if the Government of the United
States can be influenced by such a consideration.
If the bare obtaining of the title is sufficient, it
j would be difficult to say where we would stop.
! Now, what is the real character of this munificent
| gift? 1 read from the report of the committee:
j ^ League Island is a reclaimed maiah, eurmunded by a
i dry stone wall and embankment of eaith, raised lo exclude
j the river."
! Of course without that wall, the river would
■ flow over it. It can hardly be called an island in
I its natural state. Is that an island of four hundred
and fiftyacies of dry, solid giound, which is only
now redeemed from its former marshy condition
by this stone wall?
"A poition of the i-land was reclaimed many years
since, and h known as the old meadow; we have no pos-
itive inlomiation on this point, but presume that nt the
lime the wall and embankment were built all the laud wot th
reclaiming einht.tced withm the inclo-ane ; Miiisfi-
queritly, and about eighteen veass since, a  we aie in-
fonned, the nicio-nrewa- extended =o a> to emlnaee an
additional aiea, now known a- the new meadow. Accord-
ing to a plan whicli ha  been submitted to the boatd by a
committee fiom tne Ibuud of Tiade,tin* old meadowcon-
j tains two bundled and nineteen .ieie . and the new meadow
j one hundred and fifty rive acre* On the noith of the
Hand, and between u and the mam, tiieie h a channel
! winch"—
i And hero I desire the attention of the Senate,
i for this is a very important point, it seems to me—
> " we arc told, wa* of sufficient depth, m former days, to
float lame t-bip> o<'wat , now it a nairow and s-haliovv
channel, not suflieienf in float vessels ot ;inv ^-v/n used by
1 the > av\. Laige aiea> ot mni-hes have louned on the cast
i and we -i ends and on the north -id>' of the Mainland the
■ whole app< aianee indicate a eon-taut and rapid aecumti-
j latum bom the immense depo-at* ot the Delaware nvei.
I To rai-e ihe >tu iace of this island to a height which would
\ renih   it fiiie uoni ihe eneroaelnnent til luuh (ide>,\vill
leqiiin' a filling oi fu-in tone lo ten feet ovn the whole
] area;"—'
! Four hundred and fifty acres of hind are to be
| raised to the height of nine or ten feet! I have
| not made a calculation as to the amount of soil
j which will he required for that puipose, but any
| one can see at a single glance that it would be
; immense. The repoit continues:
: " And if. as has been suL'sr-"-te(l, a line of wharf fiout be
1 crimed out to the twenlv-thice icet line, it will involve an
; additional filling of a space one mile lon<r, and aveiaging
: four hunched and eighty-one tect wide and nineteen teet
j deep."'
j There, sir, is the official report; and yet the Sen-
; ator fiom Iowa says ihe filling in is to be of very
| trifling amount.
! u If this "pace is not tilled, thftn the constant n=e of dredg-
i in« machine*, u ill be ie<juued n> in.inu.un a j-ufhcient depth
j ot u aiei to accommodate the ve-M't- \A the Navy,5'
;; Thus it wili be seen, youaiv not only to make a
j: foundation ; you aie not on'y Lo create 'he land upon
h which buildings may be erectea and this navy-
[' yard constructed, hut you mustliil op the ground
I for it, m older to maiuiam the navigation of the
I: river. If you do nut thus fill up this island, then
|. you must le^oit to the constant usu of dredging
j1 machines. Sueh m the navigation, such is the
h ch.ii^ieiei of the soil. The island is of so loose a
chduicici in it is fo i maUon,so sii^htly held together
by its own cohesion, that it really, if I may use
the expression, slips apart and fills up the chan-
nel of the river. You must, theiefore, buildup
a wall and fill in your solid ground from the sur-
loundtng country m order to pieserve the naviga-
i tton of the uver. That, sir, is what yoa piopose
J to accept. I do not believe any Senator heie has
j any idea of the enormous expense that will bein-
i volved in the ac< ept.mce of this gift It would m-
j volve the Government in an expenditure which
cannot now be esumated; and yet we are told that
we should accept it, because New London does not
offer to give to the Government land which can
there be purchased for £.75,000. My colleague has
! already aliuth-d to the reasons why the offer was
not made. The fact, that neither the city of New
' London nor the State of Connecticut ceime here
[ to press on the Government the acceptance of a
! piece of ground ought to have no e fleet whatever
, upon the decision of Congtes^ If the piace be
; not a fit one, do not accept it because the title is
! offered to you; if it be a fit and propei on^. and the
| Government ought to accept n.aud 'he public m-
! teresticquires it, then they should either pay what
1 it is fairly worth, or wait ami sec what tne gener-
