1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and therefore it enacted that when the President,
by proclamation, had declared any part of the
United States to be in a state of rebellion or in-
surrection, thereupon all commercial intercourse
with that country should cease altogether, and
that all property, merchandise, and articles com-
ing from that to the other part of the Union, and
all going to that, should be subject to seizure and
confiscation, and all the vessels and vehicles that
conveyed it. That was putting it on the ground
of the international law of war, that there could be
no trade between the parties; but by the modern
laws of war that has been in some degree relaxed,
and to ameliorate, if you please, the severity of
the law of war, there has been authorized, to a
limited extent, some degree of trade and inter-
course, and henceitwas provided in that bill that
after the pt#clamation of the President—
"And thereupon all commercial intercourse by and be-
tween the same and tlie citizens thereof and the citizens
of the rest of the United States shall c^ase, and be unlaw-
ful so long as such condition of hostility shall continue ;
and all goods and chattels, wares and meichandise, coming
from said State or section into the oilier part* of the United
Stated and all proceeding to Mich State or section by land
or water, phall, together with the vessel or vehicle conveying
the sam^, or conveying persons to or from such State or
section, be forfeited to the United States: Provided, how-
ever, That the President may in his discretion heense and
permit commercial intercourse with any such part of said
State or section, the inhabitants of which are so declared
in a state of Insurrection, in such articles, and for bueh
time, and by such persons, a* he in his dUcretion may
think moist conducive to the public interest; and such in-
tercourse, so far as by him licensed, shall he conducted and
carried on only in pursuance of mles and regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretaiy of the Treasury."
All trade and commerce of any kind which it
may be for the public interest to have carried on,
may be carried on under this law of 1861 by license
from the Executive, and under rules to be fixed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Then that
leaves the question sinfply this: whether this Gov-
ernment will enter into the business of appointing
agents to carry on a commerce in rice, cotton,
sugar, and tobacco, by buying them, instead of
leaving that commerce to be carricd on, if at all,
by individuals only under the license of the Pi evi-
dent. It seems to me that our law of 1861 was
made with a view to this, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan had too much to do with it
not to understand it. It came over from the House
of Representatives, and 1 had some hand and par-
ticipation in framing it, and consulted the Senator
fully about if. lie himself was chairman of the
committee that i eported it in this House, ami on his
own exertions, with ahuieaid from myself, it was
carried through, and all its features were then dis-
tinctly understood. It was distinctly pro\ uled that
whatever tiade and intcrcouise >va« needed with
that country should be earned on according to
the rules of modern war, that is, by the license of
the Executive, be limiting his license to particu-
lar persons, and particular articles, and paitieular
sections, and pai ticular times, and all that. The
President, therefore, can make his agents, not
agents of the Government to buy for our Govern-
ment, but agents by his license to do whatever
trade is needed, and forbidding what ou^ht not to
be carried on. Hence we need no provision like
the second section of this hill, as if seems tome,
unless we prefer to become ourselves the monopo-
lizers of the trade of the nation, and J do not think
that would be well-advised policy.
As to the other provision, the buying of that
which has been already confiscated, it seems to
me that ought not to be adopted. I know it may
be said that if you buy of these people and pay
them two thirds, you will put them on their good
behavior from that time forward to get tin; ic-
mainnig third, which will be some inducement;
but is it not a dangerous one?
Further, it is said that those officers-* of ours in
the Army cany on trade in cotton, &c. 1 do not
see how that can be, because if they should buy
cotton, they can get nothing for it, unless they
send it oat into the other part of the United States,
and if they do send it out. it is confiscated un-
der the law I have just read, unless they are li-
censed by the President. Nobody can bring cot-
ton or rice from there heie,or carry goods there,
unless licensed by the Executive. They cannot
do it without having the goods subject to seizure
and confiscation under the law.
In view of those two statutes, our confiscation
net of last year and the act of 1861, I do not per-
ceive the necessity of the bill we have before us,
and especially that part of it which undertakes to
enter into the brokeiagc business ourselves.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Senator
from Vermont that the practical workings of that
law have proved a failure for some reason or oth-
er, I do not know what. It has proved very del-
eterious to the service.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it has been badly
executed or neglected.
Mr. CHANDLER. The men licensed may be
very respectable men, but they have employed
improper agents, and the whole thing is a failure.
As I stated befoie, the only money received in to the
Treasury from these articles was at Hilton Head,
where an agent was sent, and there he realized
half a trillion dollars. I believe if this bill is
passed just as it now stands, it will bring hun-
dreds of millions into yourTreasury within twelve
months from to-day. They claim that they have
five million bales of cotton. Cotton is now worth
§400 a bale, that would be $2,000,000,000 worth
of property lying there which ought to be made
available to our Treasury, a portion of it at least.
I believe there are hundreds of millions of dollars
in this very bill we are now voting upon, if it shall
be carried through, and I ask Senators to stand
by it, and I hope they will and retain these two
sections that are vital to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. What encouragement have
we for the execution of this law more than these
other laws which wo have passed? If the confis-
cation act is carried out by the Executive, and
the law which i have just read in relation to trade
is carried out as it should be, and as it is their
duty, official, boumlcn duty to do, it is all that is
needed. There is no more reason to expect that
they will execute this than the other law.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to refer
to any information I have from the army of the
West; but i desire to say that I think not only
ought we not to pass any such measure as this,
authorizing trade with the States in rebellion,
but we ought to amend the law which has just
been read by the Senator front Veunont, so as to
prevent agents fiom being appointed by this Gov-
ernment to trade with them at all. I undertake
to say before this Senate that nine tenths of the
cotton in the cotton States is now confiscated un-
der the confiscation law; and the idea of permit-
ting our people to go there and buy it with money,
to give the means, the elements of strength, to
those men in order to continue this rebellion, looks
to me to be peifectly preposterous. 1 will state
further that I have some facts in reference to that
cotton trade which are perfectly appalling; but I
desire not to state them, because, I understand,
investigations are to be had.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This question be-
came a subject of discussion between General
Curtis and myself a few days ago, and 1 will
state to the Senator from Vermont how it is, as
I understand, that the military officers speculate
in cotton. The commandants of the military
departments give permits to private citizens to
purchase cotton. They go and purchase of loyal
men.
Mr. HENDERSON. Men who say they arc
loyal.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Be it so. The mili-
tary officers demand a percentage, and a very large
percentage, for giving protection to that cotton
and getting it out. of danger, and in that way the
army of the West has been greatly demoralized.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, right there, will the
gentleman permit me to suggest that the man who
has bought that cotton under that permit, unau-
thorizedly given, when he brings it into the loyal
part of the United States is liable to lose it imme-
diately, for it is at once subject to seizure and con-
demnation under the law.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Ifboughtof loyal men?
Mr. COLLAMER. No matter of whom bought.
The non-intercourse act is that there shall be no
j trade with that country. It does not say with
J disloyal men, but that there shall not be any trade
!! with it any way. That is our law.
Mr. LANE," of Kansas. They bring cotton
;j within our lines.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 say, if they bring it
within the part of the United States that has not
been declared to be in a state of rebellion, it is at
once forfeited, and they can tret nothing for it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Now, take Helena as
a point to which cotton is brought.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is in a State which
has been dcclarcd to be in rebellion. A man can-
not carry that cotton from one part to another of
the States declared to be in rebellion, nor can he
get anything for his cotton there; he must carry
his cotton into some part of the country where'it
can be purchased for use for manufacture in order
to get anything for it, and the moment he brings
it into any loyal State, that momentit is declared
by the law to be condemned and seized by the
Government.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To get the opinion of
the Senator from Vermont, 1 desire to state that
a portion of the. people of Arkansas, professing to
be loyal, obtain from the commandant of the de-
partment permission to bring cotton within our
lines, and dispose of that cotton for articles to pre-
serve life, with the consent of the commandant.
He gives permits to respectable loyal men to buy
cotton, and those permits arc indorsed by the sur-
veyor of the port of St. Louis. And the men who
get the permits are allowed to buy the cotton and
give in return to those starving people certain ar-
ticles to preserve life. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Vermont to declare here that that is con-
trary to law ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the law
makes no difference as to who buys it or who sells
it. The cotton in order to be availed of to any
advantage must be brought to the loyal part of
the country to be sold at last. No money can be
got on it until it is brought there.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They exchange the
aitides at Helena.
Mr. COLLAMER. They may exchange the
cotton from one man to another at Helena, but that
will not allow it to be used.
Mr. LA NE,of Kansas. It passes into the hands
of our citizens at Helena for these other articles.
Mr. COLLAMER. To whom do they sell it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To men who have
I these permits.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permits from where?
«Mr. LANE, of Kansas. From the commander
of the department and the sur\*eyor of the port.
Mr. COLLAMER. When n man has gotcot-
ton und<jr what he calls a permit, what does he
do with it ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, lie takes it to St. Louis
or ships it to New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now we come to it at
once. The moment it is brought into St. Louis,
or into any part of the State of Missouri which
has not been declared to be in a state of insurrec-
tion, the moment it is brought into a loyal State,
it is forfeited by the law. The law is thatall
goods and chattels, waies and merchandise, com-
ing from said State or section into the other part
of the United States, and all proceeding to such
State or section by land or water, shall, together
with the vessel or vehicle conveying the same, be
forfeited to the United States." Therefore all this
cotton which is purchased and repurchased, the
moment it goes into the loyal part of the United
States, into Missouri or any other State which
has not been declared to be in a state of insurrec-
tion, is absolutely forfeited to the United States.
That is our law of 1861; that is the general law
of war; but there is a provision in the act of' 1SG1
that the President may grant licenses to trade in
certain articles to certain persons and in certain
sections, and to carry on that trade under regula-
tions prescribed by the Secretary of the Tteas-
ury. Now, if it is ttue that these people manage
the trade in the manner stated, it is because li-
censes have been gianted improperly under that
act.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The evil is in this,
that militai y officers, after the President has sanc-
tioned this mode of trade, come in and demand a
large portion of the profits from gentlemen who
have permits under that act from the Piesidentor
from the commander of the department by his au-
thority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] to
strike out the second section of the bill, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
51, nays 15; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Carlile, Clark, Coilamer, Cowan, Doo-
little, Foster, Giimes, Hauling, Harris, Henderson, Hicks,
Howe, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Latham, Morrill,
