498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
League Island and New London on this point
may be regarded as equal. The committee in
coming to a result divided their inquiries into fif-
teen different points of inquiry, and upon those
fifteen diiFerent points of inquiry ihey give New
London the preference over League Island in nine
out of the fifteen. In five out of the fifteen^ they
make them equal; leaving one, that is, the simple
matter of fresh water for the preservation of iron
vessels in favor of League Island. In no other
point is League Island anything more than equal
to New London, and only equal in five out of the
fifteen points of inquiry.
I said I would not prolong the discussion. I
will not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will slate the consider-
ations that will govern my vote upon this resolu-
tion; and ihey do not depend upon the question
whether Leagoe Island is the proper place for a
naval depot; nor shall I in casting my vote determ-
ine whether it is necessary at this lime to estab-
lish a naval depot at any point; but my vote will
be governed by the law which we passed at the
lastsession of Congress. That law pi ovided that
the Secretary of tile Navy should have authority
to accept the title to League Island on certain con-
ditions. What were they ?
"Provide!, That said utlo Miall br perfect ami iiidi-ft-.i'iMc
to the whole island to low water-mai k ■ .hutproridrilrtha,
That the title stroll not tie accepted if upon nunc thorough
examination find survey of t!i<- pp'inw:s by a competent
board ot'officorM, to be by him appointed, he «li:ill die-cover
that the public interests will not he promoted by iicquiung
tlie title a  aforesaid.1'
Then the second section of the law goes 011 to
provide:
"That tin1 board of officers to bo appointed by tho Secre-
tary of the Navy according to the provisions ol'the first ac-
tion of this! act shall, before prorvedui" to any deeiMon of
the question hereinbefore referred to them, make a survey
and examination of the harbor of New London, Connecti-
cut, and its sui rounding, with reference to it-; capacity and
fitness for a naval depot and navy-vaid, and whether tiie
public interests will not be pwmotedby establi^hini; a naval
depot and navy-yard in ornearsaidliaiborof N'cw London,
Instead of League island; mid tliatthe\ also make the same
Investigation in regard to the waters of Nairagans-eU bay."1
Tiiis board of officers have been appointed, and
have made the examination. They have made a
reportagainstaccepting the title to League Island;
and now the Secretary of the Navy, as I under-
stand it, proposes to go on and accept League
Island against the report. Now,if wepassalaw,
let us stand by it. hi my judgment, it would be
a very improper course of action on the part of
the Secretary of the Navy to accept League island
without any further legislation, and tins resolu-
tion ought not to be necessary. Here is a reso-
lution proposed directing the Secretary of the
Navy that lie shall not violate the spirit of the
law, as J understand it.
Mr. W1LM0T. No,sir; thatr.ommission was
for the purpose of enlightening the Socretax'y's
judgment.
■Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see what tin- com-
mission was for. 1 will read that part of the law
again. This in in regard to League Island:
" Provided, That naid title shall not b ; accepted and re-
ceived unless the same shall be perfect and indefeasible to
the whole island to low-water mrtik; n« r if, upon more
thorough examination and survey of the premise-?, by a
competent board of oifieers to be by him appointed, he r-ball
discover that the public interests will not be promoted by
acquiring the title a.s aforesaid."
Mr. WILMOT. If upon survey " he shall dis-
cover."
Mr, GRIMES. lias the commission reported
that the public interests will not be promoted by
accepting it?
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator pardon me
for one word, with the permission of the Senator
from Illinois? The Senator, in my opinion, it* quite
right in saymg that the Secretary under the law
has noauthoritytoaccept the title to League Island,
and that this resolution oughtnot to be necessary.
It is unnecessary, in my judgment, and if the Sec-
retary went on to accept League island, I believe
he would be acting without authority of law; but
in his report made to the President and sent to
Congress at the beginning of the session, on page
33, he says:
" I propose to receive and accept for the Government the
munificent donation of the city of Philadelphia, unless Con-
gress bhall otherwise direct."
That I thought made the resolution necessary,
order that we should avoid trouble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have read only the pro-
Viffo to the first section of the act, which related
wholly to League Island, and directed that the title
should not be accepted, if, uponathorough exam-
ination and survey of the premises by a competent
board of officers to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Navy, he should discover that the public
interests would not be promoted by acquiring the
title. Now, how is he to discover that? He is to .
discover it upon "a thorough examination and
survey of the preiryses by a competent board of
officers." Did Congress provide for appointing
this board of officers without any purpose? Had
they not an object in appointing them? Did we put
m that proviso that the Secretary was not to accept
League Island if lie discovered that it was not best
to accept it on the report of a board of officers,
with the idea that when the report was made lie
was to go on and accept it notwithstanding the
report? But there is more that makes this clearer,
when you lake into view the second section of the ,
act; rind the whole statute is to be construed to- :
gether. What does the second section provide
for? It provides that this board of officers shall
also examine the harbor of New London and Nar-
ragansett bay, and further—
" And whether the public intercuts will not be promoted
by establNnni,' a naval depot and navy-yard in or near .said
haibor ot New London instead ot League [-laud ; and that
they n\«) in it Ice i lie same investigation m i egard to the waters
ol Naiiaganiett bay.5'
They report, as I understand, that the public
interests will he promoted by selecting some other
place than League Island; and yet, notwithstand-
ing that statute, your Secretory of the Navy pro-
poses to go on and accept the title to Leaguelsl-
and. I say that that is contrary to the spirit of
this act of Congress; and, fur one, without going
info the merits of this question, 1 will not agree
that the Secretary of the Navy, when Congress
has provided the means of ascertaining where the
naval depotand navy-yard should be established,^
shall go on and establish it in defiance, if not ot
the letter, of the spirit of the law; and if he is
proposing to do it, 1 would pass this resolution,
although such a resolution,in my judgment,ought
not 10 he necessary. I will not impeach the mo-
tives of (he Secretary of the Navy. He may con-
strue the law differently, and other Senators may
construe the law difieientiy, but, construing it tor
myself, my vote will be governed by the consid-
erations I have stated.
Mr. COWAN Mr. President, I think that the
honorable Senator from Illinois puts a very un-
let r construction upon this act of Congress, and
that he mistakes entirely the office and function
of this board under the first section of it. They
were instructed to examine and survey the prem-
ises, to examine and survey League island. They
were not to %ivv their opinion about it, under that
branch of ihe commission to them. They were
simply to examine and teport the facts. The
Seeietary was not to accept it if from their report
he should discover tiiat the public interests would
not bo promoted. Not that the board should dis-
cover it; but the Secretary himself must discover
that the public interests would not be promoted
by accepting this title, and then he was not to ac-
cept it.
Well, the board report. There is nothing in
the law which makes the majority report conclu-
sive upon anybody. There is nothing m the law
which attaches to "the majority report more verity
than to that of the minority. This icpoit was to
be submitted to the Secretary, and if he found
that the two were wiser, more reasonable, had
been more careful m their survey and examina-
tion, there is nothing more likely in the world
than that he should believe them, it does not fol-
low et all that four men should be wiser than two;
and four men are only resorted to as wiser than
two in order that theie may be an end of litiga-
tion. Tins was not litigation; this was not to set-
tle a controversy as to right or wrom;; this was not
to end a dispute; but this was for the purpose of
affording to the Secretary information on which
he might act intelligently; and I say further, Mr.
President, that here to-day in this debate a single
leason has not been given why this title should
not be accepted—not one.
The purpose as signified in the proposed grant
is that the title shall be vested in the United States
for naval purposes. There is no stipulation there
on the part of the United States that they will put
a depot there for iron purposes. There is no stip-
ulation there that they will do anything at all.
The United States may receive and hold this title
for twenty years without ever occupying a foot
of League Island. They may expend large sums
of money, or they may not. That will depend on
the sohsequent action of Congress. But the ques-
tion now is whether the United States had not
better accept this title, accept it covered by this
trust, theobjectof the trustbeing naval purposes;
whether they had not better accept it than dis-
regard it. Perhaps next year, when they want it,
it may not be offered.
The whole argument against the acceptance of
it bases itself upon the economy of the accept-
ance. Mr. President, the old yard at Philadelphia
to-day is worth §2,000,000; and if it were decided
to abandon that property, it could be sold for
that sum readily, as the times now are; and that
$2,000,000 would transfer the yard and fit it up,
do all the piling t^iat is necessary at this time,
and without perhaps any further expenditure
whatever, other than the ordinary expenditure
about the continuance of a yard. But still, as I
said before, the United States tire not bound to
tiansfer the yard to League Island. In accepting
this title they aie not hound to do anything unless,
in the subsequent judgment of Congress, appro-
priations should be made for transferring thepies-
ent yard to that station; and hence, if that be the
case, the whole matter is still subject to the future
action of Congress, and no harm can possibly be
done. There is not a single public interest in the
world, not even the interest that the public has
to establish a naval depot at New London, that
will be affected in the slightest by it, because by
accepting the island there is no disposition made
here by which we agiee that we shall not estab-
lish a navy-yard at New London. The hands
of the Government are as free after the acceptance
of this island, to go anywhere else, as_ they are
before it accepts it. Therefore I ask again, where
is that interest of the public which will not be pro-
moted by the acceptance of this title? Docs it
take anything to put it away in a safe and keep
it there? It does not affect the city^gf Philadel-
phia as long as it is not occupied for the purpose
Ntated in the trust, because the people on it go on
and occupy it until the United States, under the
giant, choose to take possession of it for this pur-
pose.
Mr. SUMNER. May Task my friend thisques-
tion: will theie not be an implied understanding
on the part of the United States, if they accept
that title, to go on with it and put a navy-yard
there?
Mr. COWAN. There is nothing to be implied
outside of the grant. This grant is in writing,
and the purpose of the grant is set forth.
Mr. SUMNER, If we accept that now, must
it not be with an understanding that we go on
wif.ii the purpose for which it was given?
Mr. COWAN. If subsequent Congresses shall
so decide, hut not otherwise. There will be no
binding obligation on a subsequent Congress to
appropriate money to transfer the presentyuid to
League Island, or to make League Island a navy-
yard and depot. There may be such a notion
furkmg behind all this thing, but it is not in this
law, and it is not in the acceptance according to
the tetms of the law. But gentlemen may feel
themselves bound 
Mr. DIXON. I wish to inquire of the Senator
whether it is not offered expressly for the purpose
of a navy-vard?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly; exactly as gifts of
that kind are always offered. A man offers land
for school purposes. If it is taken for school pur-
poses, and the school or college is erected on it,
that is an appropriation to the use, and the title
becomes absolute then in the donee; but if it is
i not taken, the title lemains in the donor for all
i other uses; and if it he abandoned it reverts, goes
back. There is nothing heie which binds usjand
I it would be impossible rhat there should be. If
1 there were anything more, it would be a contract,
: and then, perhaps, the action of this Congress
i would bind subsequent ones; but as at present,
! under the law and under this report, there is noth-
: ing to prevent the freest action on the part of Con-
! greS9.
' Thehoriorable Senator from Connecticut points
with an air of great timmph to the resolution of
the majority,-the resolution of four members of
the board giving their opinions. I might with the
same propriety read the resolution of the two; but,
