1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he does not believe that it was legitimate, within
the province of a committee of conference, to make
that alteration ? If it was, then the committee has
not transcended its authority.
As to the fifth, sixth, and seventh sections of
the report of the committee, they are in hozc verba,
I think, the amendments of the Senate. Surely
there is no objection, then, to their coming in.
I trust I have shown that the report of the com-
miitee of conference is strictly within the line of
the duty of a committee of conference, which is
to bring about an agreement between the two
Houses upon questions on which they have dis-
agreed; and there is not a single provision in this
report of the committee of conference not relating
to the disagreement between the two Houses. The
most of it is in the very words of the Senate
amendments, and that which is not in the v£#rds
of the Senate amendments is in lieu of the pro-
visions of the House bill upon the same subject,
but not to the same extent as the House had
passed them, because the Senate would notagree
to that. Instead of declaring a prosecution or pro-
ceeding against a party for an arrest to be void,
we have substituted a section that certain facts
shall constitute a defense against such a proceed-
ing, and I think that was legitimate; and I think
when my colleague looks carefully at the bill
which passed the House of Representatives, and
the amendments which passed the Senate, and
compares them,he will find that the report of the
committee of conference is in strict accordance
with the rules of parliamentary proceeding1.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT >)ro tempore. Before the de-
bate proceeds fuither the Chair desires to dispose
of the question of order which has been raised, or
rather which has been suggested. A question of
order cannot be predicated upon an assumed fact.
Whether the fact be so or not, is a question for
the Senate to decide. A question of order could
not be predicated upon the fact, if it were so, that
the committee of conferencc had exceeded their
jurisdiction. It furnishes very good reasons for
voting against concurrence in the report of a com-
mittee of conference, but it does not raise a point
of order for the Chair to decide and dispose of as a
mere question of order. It is certainly very clear
that a committee of conference have only juris-
diction of the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses, and have no jurisdiction over the text
of the bill; therefore it is not competent for them
to amend, or recommend modifications or amend-
ments to any portion of the text of the bill. Their
jurisdiction and their acts must be strictly lim-
ited to the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses. They have no jurisdiction over anything
moie than that. In considering those questions
on which the two Houses have disagreed, they
may recommend amendments, but to what ex-
tent is not a question of order for the Chair to
decide. Whether the amendments proposed and
recommended by a committee of confeience be
congruous to, or in conformity with, the original
amendments themselves or the questions of dif-
ference between the two Houses, is not a ques-
tion of order for the Chair to decide. In no case
is it matter for the Chair to decide as a question
of order whether a proposition be congruous or
not. The Chair repeats that it may furnish good
reason for rejecting a proposition, for rejecting
an amendment to an amendment, for instance,
for rejecting a report of a committee for incongru-
ity, but it is not a question for the Chair to de-
cide as a question of order. That is a well-estab-
lished rule of parliamentary law.
Mr. RICHARDSON". Probably I can attain
the objoet I have in view by making a motion that
the report of the committee of conference be not
received. 1 make that motion if it will attain the
purpose I have of discussing, for it is a matter of
impoitance enough to discuss the question before
the Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore* The Chair has
passed upon no question of order. The Chair has
said that the objections raised do not presonta ques-
tion of order for the Chair to decide as such. They
may raise objections, decisive reasons for non-con-
currence in the report, The immediate question
hefote the Senate is, " Will the Senate concur in
the repoit of the committee of conference?" and
that opens the whole subject-matter to full debate
before the Senate.
Mr. WALL. Understanding, Mr. President,
that the Senator from Delaware who is not in his
seat [Mr. Bayard] desires to speak on this bill, I
move the postponement of the consideration of the
report until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that it be postponed until five o'clock this after-
noon. There are some very important measures
that we ought to act upon*
Mr. POWELL. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts that this is one of the most
important bills.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I know it
is very important.
Mr. POWELL. I hope it will be postponed
until to-morrow. We shall all be busy to-day
here, and cannot examine it at all. We should
have an opportunity to examine it. There is plenty
of other matter to take up to-day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sim-
ply say that the questions have all been discussed.
The Senator from New Jersey, I understand, de-
sires to speak, and I propose to postpone the re-
port till five or six o'clock.
Mr. WALL. I would suggest seven o'clock,
after the recess, if we take one.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well;
say seven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent this report may be laid aside until seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not agreed to sus-
pend the report until seven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
then is on the postponement of the report until
seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can have an un-
derstanding that there shall be a vote this even-
ing, I shall have no objection; but if the inten-
tion is to suspend it with a view to go on and
take up time in regard to it, I shall object to the
postponement. If it is understood thata vote is
to be taken on this bill to-night, I will make no
objection to suspending it until seven o'clock. I
do not wish to hurry it to a decision before Sen-
ators have an opportunity to express any views
they desire to express; and if we can, by a sort
of common understanding—I do not wish any
formal agreement about it—generally consent that
the vote shall be taken some time to-night, I shall
make no objection to its going over until seven
o'elot k. It is now within a day of the last of the
session, and that is the reason I make the sug-
gestion. 1 hope our friends on the other side will
indicate whpther it will be acceptable to them to
take a vote some time to night, in case we post-
pone the report until seven o'clock.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It introduces new mat-
ter, and we desire to discuss it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That nobody objects to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And if the discussion
must go on now we will discuss it now if that is
the purpose. We have not had time to examine
it, and you will save time by deferring it till then,
and will bring us to a vote sooner.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very point.
I wish to know if it will save time, or whether, by
putting it off till seven o'clock, it is the intention
merely to take up time for delay. If that is the
object, I am opposed tothe postponement. If the
object is simply to discuss the bill, very well. Of
course there is no limit to discussion; I undei stand
that; if gentlemen wish to express their views
-simply,notwith the purpose of delay, I shall have
no objection to let the report go over until seven
o'clock. I apprehend that there is no intention
to make a factious opposition. If it is merely for
the purpose of having an opportunity to oxamine
the biil and discuss it at seven o'clock, I have no
soi t of objection, but I should like to have that
understood. Let us know that it is not meiely
for the purpose of delay that the suggestion is
made, but that the vote bhall be taken when Sen-
ators shall have expressed their vi *ws upon the
bill, without factious opposition. That is all I
want.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there seems to be no
disposition to give any assurance but that {actions
opposition is to be made, and if that is the ease,
we may as well commence at once.
Mr. RICHAPvDSON. The Senator has no
right to assume that factious opposition is to be
made. We intend to express, at length, our opin*
ions in reference to this whole measure, to wfaicji
we are opposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let us begin,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I £hiakw£
had better fix seven o'clock. I do notthinfcany
opposition is going to be made that will amount
to factious opposition.
Mr. RLCHARDSON. Not at all.
Mr. WALL. There is no such intention,.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. lthinl?Sen*
ators merelydesire to express their views, and w«
can do some business before that hour, and can
finish this bill to-night, I think, if the Senate will
postpone it until seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that. I call for
the yeas and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Senators
on the other side of the Chamber, in replying to
the question of the Senator from Illinois, to say
that they did not intend to make any factious op-
position, but merely wished to express their views;
and if that be'the case, I think we might come to
a common understanding, not that the vote shall
be taken at a particular time, butthat if the report
be postponed until seven o'clock, after Senators
shall have had an opportunity to express their
views, they will not prolong the discussion for the
sake of factious opposition, and if so 1 think we
had better postpone it.
Mr. POWELL. I understand that an impu-
tation has come from that side that it is feared we
shall make factious opposition. I, for one, if they
throw that imputation on me, will make no agree-
ment whatever. I wish Senators on that side dis-
tinctly to understand me.
Mr. ANTHONY. I said I thought they were
not going to make factions opposition. Now the
Senator charges me 
Mr. POWELL. No, not the Senator from
Rhode Islfnd, but others.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think no such imputation
has been made.
Mr. POWELL. We have asked the postpone-
ment of this very important, measure for a short
time to look into it. That, I think, is a courtesy
which the majority ought always to yield to the
minority. If Senators do not choose to do that,
they can take their own course, and we shall take
ours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That remark makes it
necessary that 1 should say a word. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky, if he was paying attention,
will bear mc witness that I stated distinctly that
I had no objection whatever to its being laid over
to seven o'clock, unless the object was simply de-
lay. Now he rises in his place here and says it
is a courtesy never denied to a minority, when he
has been informed by every Senator that they can
take until seven o'clock, and there was no objec-
tion to it, unless it was intended for delay merely.
Then, with what sort of face can he get up in the
Senate and before the country and say it is a thing
never denied? Every Senator agreed to it; and
now he gets up and throws out a threat to the
Senate as to what he will do, assuming that an
imputation has been cast upon him. Why,.sir,
there never was greater courtesy exhibited in the
Senate fhan on this occasion. Not a single Sen-
ator objected to delaying this report until seven
o'clock, with a perfect understanding that every
one should have an opportunity toexpress all the
views he desired to submit. I said so in so many
woids, and I believe I was the Senator who ob-
jected to putting it over merely for delay. There
is no objection to the postponement if Senators
wish to examine the bill,as the Senator from Ken-
tucky says, and see what is in it, and to discuss
it. N"o one objects to that, and no one has made
any objection to it.
Mr. POWELL. The honorable Senator says
I make a threat. Allow me to tell that Senator
that 1 never make threats. It is no part of my
.nature to make a threat. We asked this cour-
tesy, and some Senators on that side refused to
agree to it unless w * would come under covenants
and agieements and obligations to conduct debate
in a eeitain munnei. i looked upon that as an
imputation that ourobject was to do what iscom-
; monly called filibustering. That was what I ob-
juctcd to. The presumptions are that we do not
; 'intend to do anything but what is right and per-
: fectly parliamentary. The very inquiry whether
