.500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24
a bureau. If we have a precedent for calling a bu-
reau a department, the precedent is wrong, under
the Constitution, and the sooner we change it the
better#
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the Army appropri-
ation bill of this year—and all the Army bills that
have been passed since I have been in Congress
read in the same way—there are appropriations
" for the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel," &c.; 44 for the in-
cidental expenses of the quartermaster's depait-
ment,"&c. It is the common language used in
all our bills, and it never has been discovered,
until recently, that there was any danger in it.
Mr. GRIMES. The object of the Senator from
Kansas will be accomplished by inserting* the
words " of the Army" after " department,"and
then it will read " in the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Army."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My object is that the
cart may not get before the horse; the subordin-
ate above the principal. Here is the Constitution
of the United States, which, when speaking of De-
partments, says that the heads of Departments
shall have authority to appoint clerks, <&c., and
now, in passing a law, we are calling a bureau a
department.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We always
have done it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the precedent is
wrong, and unauthorized by the Constitution, it
should not be followed. The Constitution calls
the Secretary of War the head of a Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is theie anything m the
. Constitution that prohibits our establishing other
departments, if we see fit to do it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I know we have es-
tablished something here which may bo a prece-
dent for this. I would like the Senator fro.Yi
Maine to tell me what position in this Govern-
ment the. Department of Agriculture occupies.
We have confusion in that concern, k is not a
bureau, nor is it a department, for the heads of
Departments are Cabinet ministers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not nccessuiily.
Mr. TKUMBULL. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Kansas. I see that
this matter was got along with very easily ot tin-
last session of Congress. In an act authorizing
an increase of the clerical force in the War an'5
Navy Departments, this language was used:
4< That hi addition to the clerical and other t'oice now au-
thorized bylaw in the War ncpaitmentanditabureaus.the
Secretary of YVai thereby nuthmi/,ed to appoint as. follow*-:
in the otlice of the Seeretarj of War, lour clerks of tin-^
one; in the office of the Adjutant Genetal, eighteen clerks
of class one, and two mes^ou^ois; in the office ol tile
Quartermaster Geneial, ton ch'rks of cluta one, and one
nictf&emfei," &e.
I think we shall get rid of this whole difficultr
by simply saying that theso clerks shall be ap-
pointed ts in the office of the Gluartcrmasier Gen-
eral."
Mr. LANE, of Itansos. That will be entirely
satisfactory. I so modify my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question if;
on the amendment to the amendment, as modi-
fied.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose as an amend-
rnentan additional section whHi I have drawn
up with some care:
Jiixd be it further enacted, T!iat in ^ tu'' account
of officer for clothing and oilier muiU'i'y fupphe^, the atTi
davit of an> officer may he received 1. snow tin- io^ w
vouchers or company booklet anv urui.-r or en runiet:-n :<•
tending to prove thai any appanMit d"ne;ene\ iumi-
sioncd by uuavoidahl.  areidtnf or 1 < >-w ia aetu; I *i r j c ^
without any fault on his part. ot th.it the wim',* or nnv ') m
of Mich rlouung and Mipplies i:ad h-'t-n i>:onc,h. rani li-VM >
tued and appropuaud; and -uch atiida-w;.; ;.m\ be co.i-uf-
frcJ .u> evidence to rstab«ish me faeU *« * io.rn, ujth e,
ivuiieiit fiflifi Hvii1'«ncp, fvs may sen-m lo t-ie Hc-r^taiy o"
War jti t and proper nnd-n* the eaeuaisuiuv-. of the cc*
SH ER.1\1AN. I know trie S^nf-iror is c#* ■* -
ful in drawing provisions of tins kn.d; but v;L!;~
out an examination by a commiuto, I dislike t,,
change the rules and regulation*. of th^ Department
tor the settlement o^aecounts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. had not seem to me
that the affidavit ought to be conclusive evidence,
except where, in the judgment of the accoumui?
oincers, under the circumstances of the case, u
should be so. There might be cases where no
Other evidence could procured without very
great difficulty, and the circumstances «pok
for themselves. There might be cases where it
would be dangerous to take such testimony. We
must leave that to the accounting officer. The
amendment goes no further than to provide that
the officer's affidavit may be received as evidence,
and may be acted on with or without other evi-
dence, according to the discretion of the Secretary
of War. I drew it to meet all these contingen-
cies. I stated yesterday that there were a great
many cases where, in the very nature of things,
other c\ idence coulu not bo proemed, and that I
thought it was due to the o-nccrs thot they should
have an opportunity to file their own affidavits
and discharge themselves where they cannot pro-
cure other testimony. 1 stated a case, and, as I
wish to be perfectly frank with the Senate, I will
say that the ca^e is that of an officer in whom I am
very much interested; and t will state the circum-
stances agoin,as some gentlemen did not hear me
narrate them yesteiday.
He received certain supplies of clothing and
other property on the day that he was ordered to
march, to start off with his company; I believe
with two companies, but I am notsureabout that.
He had to start in a greet hurry in order to make
his way down to the army at Pittsburg Landing.
He distributed the supplies, handed them over,
and he took vouchers; but he was on the march
|| constantly from the day he started until he got to
11 the battle-field; all the time engaged, and most of
the time going by forced marches twenty miles a
day. He arrived on the evening after the first
battle had been fought. He went into action the
next, morning at six o 'clock, and he fought during
the day until about the n.iddle of the atternoon,
when he was very badly wounded, so badly that
he had to leave for home, and ho came home
leaving his accounts. He had no time to enter his
vouchers in the company books, but left them in
the possession of the sergeant. After he came
away, the vouchers wen1 lost in some way. The
seigeant was afterwards killed; some of the com-
pany have been killed, and a large pronoitjon of
them are wound'-d, and he has not rejoined them.
He is able to rejoin them, but has sne-e been ap-
pointed a colonel of a lcgiment, which he now
commands. How can hsettle hiw accounts? The
vouchors are lost; the books of the company are
lost; the sergeant in whose possession he left them
is killed He distributed th'° property, but how
is he to prove it exempt by his own affidavit > If
it is left for several years* how is he to get at the
facts at ali ? Who knows where the men wili be
who could, perhaps, prove the facts? That is only
one of a thousand cases, or probably more.
Then what is this provision ? Simply that he
bhail have a rijjht as to those facts to give his own
a til davit, and that t lie affidavit shall he i ecci ved as
to the tacts, and the Seer. taryofVvar may judge
whether or not thoti", to be sufficient evidenej; ho
may requite moic if he sees fit. That is t!>c sim-
^ pie pioposifion. The law as tf now stands is this:
,; a That it -.hall be the duty of ail <<fTv«)- ''bribed u ; rh the
i' i^suc ot eloO-in'? oi othei "-'ipolK ea:e'nily to p1 e^erw the
'j same- fiom waste oi damage,'aad in case o{ deueicnov. on
i final -jettiomcnf, ofmyaitnde of supply, ihc value theieof
I i ^hall ha enmgod Piiam-r the dehuquenf and deduei.-d fioni
i| ins monthly pay unless he -hall t^ijow to the '.au-'iaciion of
r the Secietaiv ui'U'ai by one oj moic depoyuioii-—53
J. j.t docs not say his ov/n—
ij "sctunc fonh t'.'e eiiciur.stancc^ of tlifi ca.-e, that the
l' .aifi d^f.eit'ney wm1, (^ea^'on'-d hv in avoid..bl-; aefMlmf.
! j oi was le-;i m actual s.-rvice u-itlioiit any ianir on his part.
Ij arid ni e '-<> i,; il.un.iije lie hli.til ai-<^ he ^unject to t naiyi-
foi I'.t uiit-d. uri ^ he shou n,
I hke nianiier. in Mi • • .!*t^a'-'inn n. iiio Soeietrirv  f ^V.u. :fni
■; due care and a*ie>,tion u ei • c-tv< n in the eatson o. i
| ^uch yui)pl;e>, aau mat thu dania^e did not re.-ult won! hi-,
i ne!.'!e-.;t.,? :
| Mr. KING. If oil that the section now pro- '
- posed ac.ompilshrd wo^.iu be what the 8ennior ,
, i rom ivldin*- &tc'tr;r>, to r^lr^ve tlie ^fHccr m the par-
■ tior-ar can reterred to by into, [ uo not thtr-k 1
1 shouls; have auy ouj^ct^n"!; but {should be wil'iog
*c> tai;.1 fi:s assurance that here is a difficulty m
, tin4 'ov ut of ihf accounts of an honest man; '
i:Kt r" •: y mat his onth mitriit be taken ps to the
\%#yKy^o/ ujf cofidi-ion of ihs accoun's; but 1
t.'iii:k " woi'ld be r-xcfc'-dmscly dangerous to make
that rule a g'-nesal one. The law is quite loose ,
enougli nr.w in g" .rd to this matter, and it ts no- j
; torious i!ja> oa'hs that come to he customauly ,
'i tak jn by tv  « matter of course in the ren-
j dition of rheir pcconnt'?, come to be regaided as .
ij mai'prfl us we talk about custom-house j
poko oatjss. I i\r- , <-,r <\\ni th^v are not solemnly ;
taken, for I have no disposition to disparage or im-
peach the character or integrity of these Gentle-
men; but when oaths are frequently taken they
become almost a bywoid, and are regarded more
as a matter of form than as having anything to do
with the truth of the facts set forth, if such a
provision as this should be made general upon a
particular case being brought to the notice of the
Senate, it would introduce a laxity in relation to
the rendition of these accounts; it would introduce
a laxity of care on the part of the officers in the
preservation of their vouchers that would be very
detrimental to the service. There would he no
occasion or necessity for their providing vouch-
ers, if, when they come to settle, all they have to
do is to make an affidavit, and that is evidence.
.1 think it too dangerous to adopt such a general
rule in relation to the settlement of these accounts.
I think we had better leave them as they are. It
has always heretofore been the case when a case
of this kind occutred—and they are common both
in the Nnvy and At my—for the officers to come
to Congress and got irlief. Then we are able to
judge of the equity and fitness of the relief by all
the circumstances of the case. I think it is dan-
gerous to allow the affidavit of the party himself
to be received as evidence, and then to leave it to
the discretion of any officer whether that shall be
conclusive or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only wish to say that
I never wuuld olfer an amendment of this kind for
any particular cose, but there are thousands of
other cases, und if it is put upon that ground, I
should prr-fcr to withdraw it.
Mr. COWAN. I think the provision is per-
fectly proper. I do not see that it conflicts m the
slightest degree with the law as at present admin-
istered. Heje is a party who loses his papers.
His own affidavit of tho loss and search, and ali
that kind of thing, has always been allowed in all
courts. He must prove the contents aliunde how-
ever, from some other source after the loss and
.search have been once established. The existence
of the papeis must fiist be shown, a^d then their
loss and the search for them, and th^se affidavits
air mnoduccd to show what the contents were.
That is the common proceeding.
Air. KING. As the proposition i,$ waived, I do
not propose to debate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not waive it. I say
I would not offer it for a special case.
Mi. COLLAMER. It seems to me that we are
sticking at this point rather extraordinarily in
view of the progress of the age. I believe now, in
a very large majority of the States of the Union,
and certainly m England, contrary to the old com-
mon-law doctrine, every man is permitted to test-
ify in his own case, to be a witness at any time
for hirnsdf to any thing, no matter how important
it is—not merely to prove the loss of papers, hut
anything else, 1 care not what. Why notadmit
him to test'ty in tins matter, when we admit him
in almost evei y otini ease, nnd in almost everv
State m the Union r it seems to me it is nothing
more nor jess than carrying oiif the liberality of
the age in which we live, it is only permission to
file his affdavit, to put his testimony on paper.
Mr. K 1 XU-. The Senator from Vermont aig'ues
as if hie officer was not now allowed to give Ins
oath. There is nobody who objects to that. The
testimony of the offie^r, and indeed, in a great
many ca^os, the certificate upon honor of the ofa-
Ci-r is ail that is reqoned. Aly objection to the
rniendrnent proposed as an additional section is
that it goes t<> make this affidavit a common prac-
tice among the officersot tlie Army, and it invites
carelessness in reference io the presenation of
vouchers and other evidence. Though it is not
necessary to hove many guards perhaps for hon-
est men, unfortunately thei e nie a great many men
who li<-ue ciept into ihestj disbui sing departments
ageilist whom we ought to have all the piooer and
neo<-s*ary L'tuuds the r the law can thro w about the
roffiUion of accounts.
y,o\v, rim affidavit of the party may he made,
the c rtffi< ate of the officer on honor mav be suf-
licsent m some cases. The law now allows such
evidence as^is satisfactory to the accounting offi-
cer. A'ly objection to the provision heiepioposed
is that_ its language, as ] understand it, and as I
'hmk it will be construed, will introduce the cus-
tom of verifying the acounts by the affidavit of
the party; and it makes that, affidavit by its terms
and words evidence in the case; and then imposes
