1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
termaster's department, and I hope it will be
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to that, and I do not know anybody that
has.
'Mr. LATHAM. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas *uul nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to nuk ' any
opposition to the first provisions of this hi'l winch
consolidate these corps, and increase the unmoor
of officers in them, although I confess, in the ord-
nance corps, it would be a great deal better if you
increased thenumberof mferiorofficersanddimin-
ished the number of superior officers. There is
some reason and some principle upon which the
increase of those two corps can be predicated.
An engineer officer or ordnance officer under-
stands his specialty. It requires that a man
should be educated to bean engineer, and edu-
cated for that particular duty. It requires, also,
that a man should be educated to be a good ord-
nance officer, and to be educated for that special
duty. It h only once m a very great while that
you find one engaged m civil pursuits who is fit
to be taken into either of these corps, and become
en efficient officer of the Government. But when
you come to the quai tennaster's department, it
is altogether a different thing. I think I can safely
say that some of the best officers of the quarter-
master's department tire from civil life, recently
appointed; and I think it would be a great deal
better if selections for that department were made
from civil life, from the business men of the coun-
try, rather than the Army. Hence, I say we
ought not to increase the rank and number of the
quartermaster's department in the regular Army,
but should go on and appoint quartermasters, as
we have been appointing them, from civil life,
and allow the quartermaster's corps to stand
where it is. For that reason 1 have moved to
strike out these sections.
Mr. RICE. I think the Senator's remarks, if
they apply to the quartermaster's department,
would apply with equal force to the commissary's
department.
Mr. GRIMES. The commissary *s department
is not included in this bill.
Mr. RICE. Every other department has been
provided for by an increase in the number and
rank of officers, and this is the only one that is
left. The laboisof the quartermaster's depart-
ment are certainly as arduous as any other depart-
ment of this Government, and perhaps more so.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator from
Minnesota will pardon me, I think at the last
session we increased the quartermaster's depart-
ment both in number and in rank, and d[<l not
raise the commissary's department then.
Mr. GRIMES. That is true; and we left the
commissary's department the only one that was
not promoted.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES., At this session we have pro-
moted the commissary's department. I was con-
tent that we should because I think that depart-
ment one of the best administered in the Govern-
ment, and I was in favor of the passage of the
bill in the end, although I was opposed to it at
the last session. But this is a proposition to still
further enlarge the rank and increase the pay of
the officers in the quartermaster's department.
With the experience I have had; with the obser-
vation I have had; w^th the knowledge that I pos-
sess that improper selections are made—whether
they are going to be made or not, I do not know;
but improper selections have been made—I am
satisfied that just as competent, if not more com-
petent officers can be selected from those outside
the Army and placed in the quartermaster's de-
partment to discharge its duties than would be
assigned under the fifth section; and 1 prefer to
take them from outside instead of putting them
into the regular Army of the United States.
Then I h;ne moved to strike out the sixth sec-
tion, also. The sixth section provides that all
these offices when created shall only last during
the time of the rebellion. That \vould be hardly
proper, I think, because if we put a man into the
engineer corps of the regular Army, and be is
promoted from a second lieutenancy to a first lieu-
tenancy, and then to a captaincy, 1 should be
unwilling to thrust him out at the end of the war.
The same remark would apply to ordnance offi-
cers. I think, for these reasons, that these sec-
tions should be stricken out of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
httle. Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris. Fessenden, Hicks,
Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wilson of Missouri—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Carlilc, Davis, Foot.
Harding, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nesinith, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Rice, and Richardson—14.
Theamendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the seventh section of the bill, for the
reason that it has, as I have been informed, been
incorporated into a bill of the Senate by the House
of Representatives as an amendment, and will
probably be concurred in by the Senate. I there-
fore move to strike it out of this bill.
The Seeietary read the section, as follows:
Sec V. And be it fuithcr enactcd, That auction two of
the act approved March 3, 1649, entitled '-An act to pro-
vide for the payment ot hor&<* and other pioperty lost or
destroyed m the mihtaiy service, of the United States," shall
be construed to include steamboats and other vessel?, and
"railroad engines and car*," m the propeity to be allowed
and paid for when destroyed or lost under the circumstances
provided foi in *«ud act.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to refer to the act of March 3, 1849; but if !
I properly understand the provisions of the law :
in regard to payment for horses and other prop-
erty lost or destroyed in the military service of
the United States, I hope this section may not be
stricken out.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think if
the Senator understood the reason why I make
the motion he would not object to it. This sec-
tion has been pyt by the House of Representa-
tives to-day as an amendment upon a bill that we
sent to them, and it will come back here, and
doubtless be at once concurred in. For that rea-
son I move to strike it out of this bill. Ftisavery
important provision, for the Treasury Department
have decided, under the law of 1849, that a steam-
boat is not a boat, and there is no power to pay
for engines or cars, because they are not included
in that law, and this includes them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was aware that much
difficulty existed in the Western department with
regard to u. With the explanation of the Senator,
of'coiuse I have nothing to say against the mo-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I oiler the following amend-
ment, "  insert at the end of the fourth section
this proviso:
Provided, That no officer of the ordnance department be-
low the rank of tield officer shall be promoted or commis-
sioned to a higher grade, nor shall any otlicer of the Aimy
be commissioned as an ordnance officer until he shall have
passed a sau^factoty examination bcioro a boardol not less
than three eidnauee office is senior to himself in rank ; and
should such officer fail on such examination, he shall be
suspended from piomoiton or appointment tor one year,
when he maybe icexamined betore a like board; and it
upon such second examination an ordnance officer fail, he
shall be dismissed fiom the spi vice, and it an officer of the
Army lie -hall not be commissioned.
Theamendment to theamendment was agreed to.
Mi. HARRIS. In the third line of the fourth
section, I move to strike out the word " four,"in
the two places where it occurs, and also to strike
out the words " and eight second lieutenants,"
and in place of the word "four," to insert "eight,"
m each place. The effect of this amendment
which I propose will not be to increase the number
of second lieutenants,but to add the same number
of captains and first lieutenants.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York moves, in section four, line three,
to strikeout the word " four," where it occurs in
two places, and toins'it the woid "eight;" and
in the same line to strike out the words " and
eight second lieutenants," so that the section
would read:
That there shall he added to the ordnance department
one lieutenant colonel, two majois, eight captains, eight
fir?f lieutenants.
| The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following amend-
I ment as a new section:
j 5<ec. . Jndbexi further enmtcd, That an\ person drafted
j into the military seme of ihe United State-, who is con-
i scienlioutlv unable to perform military service oi pay com-
mutation therefor by reason of his sincere and religious
• scruples against bearing arms, may apply by petition to any
judge of any court of the United States for the eircuit -or
district wherein he resides, setting forth the facts; where-
upon the said judge shall proceed summarily to hear and
determine the ease; and if it shall appear that such pbtlv
tion is honest and true, and that such petitioner shall nave*
maintained a consistent character in accordance With his.
well-known religious profession incompatible with military
service, the judge or court aforesaid may order and direct,'
that such petitioner shall be relieved from the penalties'
provided for his refusal to respond to said drattand to bear1
arms; but the judicial record and the certificate thereof
shall nevertheless declare that such exempted person still
temains in duty and honor bound to contribute towards any
public hospital or charitable service a peace ofFeringin ac^
cordance with his means.
The object of this amendment is to relieve the
members of the society of Friends, commonly-
called Quakers, from the operation of the enroll-
ment bill. This is in strict accordance with the
spirit of the Constitution, and with the civilization
of the age. It will not weaken our Army, and it
will be received with the highest satisfaction by
a loyal, intelligent, and patriotic part of our pop-
ulation ; and it is just and right. I have beea stead-
ily in favor of making theenrollmentgeneral, and
have steadity voted against nearly nil exemptions
but those for conscience sake. 1 think the higher
a man's position, the more he is bound to set the
example of cheerfully rendering his full share of
personal service to the common defense. I would
excuse no man from bearing arms in deference to
scruples that he had not avowed previous to the
occasion which calls upon him, and which do not
correspond with his previous life and conversa-
tion; but when men have from their youth pro-
fessed and exemplified in their lives the principles
of peace, I am not willing to compel them into
the Army. I think that the Senate, on considera-
tion will agree with me.
I know it is argued that these men, if theircon-
sciences will not permit them to fight, can pur-
chase their exemption; but this is m their view
second only to the offense of taking up arms. In
the language of the memorial which they have
laid on our desks, they say " they have always
considered that for them to compound by the pay-
ment of money fora service from'thc performance
of which they feel restrained by the commands
of our Saviour, would be a gross violation of con-
science, and offensive in the di\ ine sight."
It is useless to argue that this is an unreason-
able view of the subject. It is enough that this
view is entertained by intelligent and honest men
who have given in their lives nnd conduct the
best evidence of the sincerity with which it is
entertained. One man's belief frequently seems
strange to another; and doubtless it would seem
as strange to a Quaker elder thata Christian man
can ask the blessing of the Prince of Peace on the
engines of destruction as it does to us that any
class of people can decline, in this extremity, to
take up arms against this wicked rebellion. Let
us have charity for each other.
This amendment would exempt but few peo-
ple. The number of Friends who are between
the ages of twenty and forty-five is not large.
The young men have not followed in the ways
'of the'ir fathers. While this religious denomina-
tion has impressed its principles deeply upon the
Christian world, its own numbers have fallen off.
Such has been the case in ihe State which I in
part represent; and I presume it is so elsewhere-,
but even if the sect should bccome extinct, the
good which it has done will bear fruit in all coming
time. In Rhode Island, I know, the younger mem-
bers of the society of Friends have furnished their
full share to the volunteer foiceof the Union. I
know personally many who havecnlistcd. I know
a Quaker elder who has two sons in the Army,
and they went with his blessing. He docs not
believe in fighting, but they do; and theyall be-
lieve, in the wo)ds of an eminent K>ntuckian,
that " never, since it flamed over the portals of
Paiadise, has the swmd been drawn in u holier
i cause." No class of men, according to theirmeans
j —and being thrifty and industrious their means
J arehberal—haveeonfrtbuted more than theQuak-
i ers toward the charities of the war—the hospitals,
. the sanitary commission, the relief societies, and
: all the arrangements for the health and comfort of
the Army. Whatever conscience will permit
, them to do for the cause of the Union, they do
! cheerfully and liberally. Let us not attempt to
' compel them to do that which they hold God has
! forbidden them to do.
i Mr. President, I may feel more strongly on thia
i subject than some oth^r Senators, because I know
