502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
his State, and, as he thinks, greatly to the preju-
dice of the correct administration of justice, i
know it obtainsin some of the States of the Union;
I think, however, in only a few of them. If the
Eroposition be adopted, I think the practice will
e that all the accounts will be settled on the oath
of the party as suggested by the Senator from
New York, and 1 move to amend the amendment
by providing that the party, before his own affi-
davit can be received, shall state that he knows
of no witness by whom he may prove the same
facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will save the Senator
the trouble of proposing an amendment by with-
drawing the proposition. I stated very frankly
to the Senate my reasons for offering it, and the
manner in which the information came to me,
which in my judgment rendered it necessary and
but an act of justice to the officers of the Army.
I thought it was so perfectly plain and palpable a
proposition that it would at once meet the accept-
ance of the Senate, and would not occasion a de-
bate, which sounds to me very much like fighting
a case before a justice of the peace. But as the
Senate, or some Senators, do not seem to take
that view of it, I withdraw the proposition so fat-
as I am concerned. The amendment suggested
by the Senator from Illinois will change the whole
practice of the Departments, and make it a great
deal worse for the officers than it is now.
Mr. CLARK. I renew the amendment, and T
; think it is eminently right to the officeis of the
Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word u of-
ficer" the words " stating that he knows of no
witness by whom lie can prove the same facts."
Mr. FESSENDEN. As that would effectually
prevent the testimony of the officer ever being
taken, because if he has a company it is not pi ob-
able they would all be killed, 1 would much pre-
fer that it should not be inserted, because it would
expose them to greater difficulties than they have
now at the Department; and I would prefer that
the whole proposition should be voted down rather
than to adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois. I am willing to withdraw the original
amendment; but the Senator from New Hamp-
shire objects to my withdrawing it. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Illinois, however, wouid
place the officers in a condition where they could
never settle their accounts under these circum-
stanccs.
Mr. CLARK. I object to its withdrawal, be-
cause this seems to me a proper time to pass it,
and I look upon it as a measure eminently just to
the officers. I am at a loss to know what those
men would have. There is a man who volunteers
and accepts a commission to go into your Army.
He takes upon him the supplies intrusted to his
hands to distribute to his company. In the va-
rious vicissitudes of war, he loses his supplies
perhaps; he loses his vouchers; if he escapes with
nis life he is fortunate; and when he is called to
the War Department to settle his accounts, he is
asked, "what proof have you got?" "None,
sir; I am here barely with my life; my supplies
were taken by the rebels, or perhaps distributed
to the men who have been killed by the rebels; 1
have no evidence." Very well, sir; you can
have no pay; you fought very gallantly; you have
been wounded; you have poured out your blood ,
for your country; but you must pay for these sup- :
plies before you can have any pay for your ser- I
vices. ' ii Rut is there no relief for me?" Yes, ;
says the Senator from New York; come to Con- 1
gross, and spend year after year of your vaiu- ;
able time to get that which the Government ought !
to give you, and then when you get it they deny i
you the interest; or go to the Court of Claim*, 1
and fee a lawyer, and to the Supreme Court, and I
fee another; and then come here and get a panic- '
ular appropriation for your claim, when you get ■
through there. j
Now, a word in regard to the amendment of the I
Senator from Illinois. Suppose this officer knows i
of a man who is away in Oregon by the time he |
wants him, is he to go there to find him ? Why, !
sir, that is best which is administered best. My '
trust is in the officers accounting at the Treasury
Department. You have to make evidence there,
as You do in courts. If you have lost your pa-
pers, and if your papers are goup, and there is
other evidence, the accounting officer will natu-
rally inquire what other evidence there is. The
officer will tell him. If that evidence can be had,
he will require him to get it. [f it cannot be had,
he will not require him to get it, but will settle
the case with him. We allow a man in the Army
to make a will without its being written, from the
very circumstances of his case. Shall we not then
allow him to prove the loss of papers by his own
oath, and thus to settle his account with the Gov-
ernment in cases where the evidence has been de-
stroyed ? It is not because I have any interest in
any iiving man who may be put in this position
that I urge this provision; but I say it is eminently
just to the officers of the Army that it should
pass, and I hope it will pass here promptly, and
now.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I think
the difficulty in regard to this matter may be read-
ily settled. There is a portion of the proposition
moved by the Senator from Maine which I should
like to support, but I do not desire to support the
whole proposition in its present shape. My im-
pression is, that if it be adopted as proposed, it
will certainly open the door to a very great
amount of fraud, provided parties should avail
themselves of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will save my friend the
trouble of making his suggestions. 1 offered the
amendment; I have a right to withdraw it; it is
in my handwriting, and I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be with-
drawn without the consent of the Senate, after an
amendment has been offeied to it.
Mr. F ESSENDEN. There has been no amend-
ment made to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been
one submitted to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not opposed to the
proposition of the Senator from Maine. I say
that a portion of it is a very good provision, and
ought to be adopted. I meiely suggest to him
one consideration in reference to it. I think that
an officer rrsuy, at ail tunes, prove the fact of loss,
but it may be very difficult for him to prove the
extent or the amountof loss that he has incurred.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. How can he prove the
fact without the same trouble that I have sug-
gested ^
Mr. HENDERSON. I think it will rarely oc-
cur that he cannot prove it by some man in his
company or regiment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many of the men may be
killed; they may be in different parts of the coun-
try; the officer frequently is the last man that is
with his company.
Mr. RICE. Allow me to suggest that there are
many cases which have been brought to our at-
tention aheady where officers weie captured by
the rebels, and all their books and papers weie
taken at the time they were captured. Are they
to send down there for them?
Mr. HENDERSON. Cannot the affidavit of
some one of the company be obtained of the fact
of the loss? I merely make the suggestion that i
do not desire that the mere affidavit of an officer
shall be taken as evidence, not only of the fact of
loss but of the extent of the loss, i am perfectly
willing that after he has established the fact of loss,
it shall be taken as evidence in regard to the ex-
tent of that loss. I think that is the rule of evi-
dence now in the courts of law, and it is the proper
rule of evidence, that where there is no other test-
imony of the extent of the loss, after the fact it-
self has been established that the loss has been
incurred,the party interested may establish theex-
tent of it. I am unwilling to go beyond that.
An amendment may very easily be framed to
secure the object, and m that shape I would most
willingly voteforit. I think iusagood provision.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator fiom
Missouri that the fact of the loss is oftentimes
most d ifncult to prove; and in the courts of justice
now the loss of a paper is generally—it is always
so in my State—proved by the affidavit of the
party.
Mr. HENDERSON, We are not talking about
a paper. As I understand this provision, it goes
to the extent of the establishment of the loss of
property. The mere loss of a paper would not
affect the officer here. It is a question as to the
settlement of his accounts in the quartermaster's
department; it is to settle the question of the loss ,
of property. I made the suggestion because I
thought we could have an amendment drawn up
to meet it; but if it be unpleasant to the Senator
from Maine I shall not adhere to it. My desire
is to have this evidence taken, eo far as it relates
to the extent, the amount of loss the officer has
sustained, but I would rather he should establish
the fact of loss aliunde.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps my mind was
influenced by the peculiar circumstances of the
case to which I referred. In that case the vouch-
ers were left m the hands of the sergeant, with
some few ai tides that belonged to the officer, and
the seigeant himself was killed. How can you
prove it ?
Mr. HENDERSON. What was the article of
property that was lost?
Mr. F ESS EN DEN. These little supplies; most
of them had been distributed; clothing and such
things as are always put in the hands of a captain
for his company, all but a few had been distrib-
uted to the company; a few were left. The few
left and the voucheis and books were put in the
possession of the sergeant, and the sergeant him-
self was subsequently killed.
Mr. HENDERSON, Then surely there would
not be any difficulty in proving the fact of loss by
other m-'inbers of th>i company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How can you prove that
the sergeant had them?
Mr. HENDERSON. Cannot the fact be es-
tablished by some other member of the company
that they weie placed in his hands?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only by the officer him-
self.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. T move to
add after the word " lost" the words " in battle
or at sea."
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a pend-
ing amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wlnne the party has 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish my friend would
have the kindness to withdraw his amendment,
and I will withdraw the ongmal one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, if the propo-
sition is to be withdrawn I shall not urge my
amendment to it.
Mr. RICE. Can that be done without the con-
sent of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it can, before the yeas and nays arc ordered, and
they have not been ordered.
Mr. RICE. I renew the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is within the
power of the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to my honorable
friend'from Minnesota to allow this matter to be
passed over, that the Senate may take up a bill in
relation to damages in Minnesota. 1 have been
striving to have that taken up.
Mi. RICE. That is a very powerful appeal,
but I think this can be disposed of in five minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illinois
has withdrawn his amendment. I will not have
the thing resting on me, at any rate; and there-
fore, as I have done my duty and called it to the
attention of the Senate fully, and there is so much
opposition in every way, and an amendment is
passed which would spoil the whole thing in my
judgment, I withdraw peremptorily the proposi-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairso un-
deistood the Senator fiom Maine; and the Sena-
tor from Minnesota has renewed his amendment.
Mr. RICE. I am now willing to yield to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, and let it
remain as it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. KING. I ho pe we shail dispose of this
bill. It ought to be got through with. I hope the
Senator from Wisconsin will not press the mutter
to which he has referred. Let this bill be dis-
posed of.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senate is ready to
vote on this bill, I shall n<>t interpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment oiiginally proposed by the Sena-
tor from Maine, and renewed by the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that was with-
drawn. If it is persisted in, I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now naove to postpone
