THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-'UM
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY'JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON ^ I
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1863.
New Series..
branches of the service. It is notcorrect that the
engineers have not been promoted. I believe our
General-in-Chief was an engineer; General Mc-
Clellan was an engineer; and many of the highest
officers in the volunteer service were taken from
the engineer corps; and after the war is over they
will go back to their rank in the regular Army.
This amendment gives to the engineers their cor-
responding rank in the regular Army. The only
ground on which this bill is advocated is, that
there is no engineer corps attached to the volun-
teers, and therefore you must give to the engi-
neers a higher rank during the war than they
would have in the regular Army. There is some
force in the argument if you confine the operations
of the bill to the present rebellion, up to the time
when the Army must be reorganized. Then it is all
well enough; but if you give those engineers high
rank in the regular Army without giving a corre-
sponding rank to their fellows in the infantry, cav-
alry, and artillery, it will create a great injustice
at the end of the war. If this bill, therefore, is
confined simply to the present rebellion, it will
leave the matter simply as it should be.
Mr. NESMITH. In raising the new regiments
the line officers received higher rank by promo-
tion from the old regiments into the new ones.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will remind my friend
that we increased the engineer corps at the same
time.
Mr. NESMITH. The increase was very slight,
scarcely perceptible. The arguments of the Sen-
ator from Ohio in relation to the promotion of en-
gineer officers and the promotion of General Hal-
leek and General McClellan,do not apply in this
case at all. They were promoted from civil life.
Neither of them had been in any coi psof the Army
for five or six years previous. They were both
civilians, and were not selected from any partic-
ular corps of the Army. It is true a few gentle-
men have been selected from the engineer corps
of the Army, and have been made generals of vol-
unteers, and have obtained a higher rank than
that which they would have had if they had re-
mained in their own corps during the war. In that
way the corps has been reduced; many efficient
officers have been taken out of it and put in com-
mand of volunteers; and the most responsible du-
ties of the Aimy have devolved upon%ien of the
rank of first and second lieutenants. Your en-
gineer of the army of the Potomac to-day, one of
the largest armies of the world, is simply a lieu-
tenant. There is not an instance of that kind on
record, where the various and responsible duties
connected with the engineerdepartmentof an army
of that size have devolved upon a lieutenant. In
any Eui opean army of that size the engineer offi-
cer would be at least a brigadier if not a major
general. Thelncrease of rank proposed by this
bill will be but slight.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain in a moment
how this comes, and why officers of such low
grade in the engineers perform such high duty.
The reason is that the higher officers in the engi-
neer corps, the majors and captains, are now major
generals and brigadier generals. For instance,
Captain Newton, now Major Newton, is a briga-
dier general. They have taken al! the highest of-
ficers of the regular Army, in the engineer corps,
and made them major generals and biigadiers.
They still, however, retain their old rank in the
regular sei vice, and thus prevent the promotion
of those below them. If these offictn s who go into
the volunteer service would resign in the engineer
corps, their junior officeis could be piomoted.
They do not choose to do that. They hold on to
their regular rank and keep down their juniors,
who are compelled to perfoi m the duties of a higher
rank. This bi'l will not change that. It makes
all these places vacant in the engineer corps, while
the officersare pet forming duties in the volunteers.
J think, therefore, it is important that this modi-
fication of the sixth section should be adopted. If
it is not, I shall not vote for this bill, for 1 think
it will be utterly indefensible. 1 hope, therefore,
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr GRIMES. I should like to accomplish, if
91
.1 thought it was practicable to be accomplished,
the purpose the Senator from Ohio has in view;
but I do not see how it can be done. It seems to
me if we arc going to reduce this corps, or any of
these corps of the standing Army, we have got to
wait until the war is over, and then when we come
to make our peace establishment we can provide
some way in which there shall be a reduction of
the Army, just as we did in 1816, after the war
with Great Britain, when the Army was reduced,
and then a am in 1819. This project of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, if we should adopt it and itshould
be carried into execution, would create difficulty.
A manentersthcengmeercorps, and if this war is
protracted for two or thiee years, he gets up to the
rank of a captain. Is that man to go out, or shall it
be the man who is junior to him and has been per-
forming this service for two or three years in the
mean tune? It seems to me it would be an injustice
to turn out the man who may be the most efficient
man in the whole corps, and allow the youth who
has just graduated into the corps to remain in
there; and yet under the provisions of the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Ohio, it oc-
curs to me the only man who is promoted under
the provisions of this bill would be the man who
would be divested of his commission at the end
of the war. I do not see how it can be carried
out otherwise than to establish some sort of a
system by which when you want to disband your
Army, or when you want to diminish it, the chaff
shall be separated from the wheat, and the good
officers retained and the bad ones thrown out.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can be done by sub-
sequent legislation, as was done in the case of the
war with Mexico.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly, it in always done
then, but not in advance. We did it after the
war was over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Still, we give the officers
fair notice that these appointments are to be tem-
porary appointments, and that these promotions
are temporary.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust every man who goes
into the Army goes into it with the understanding
that he is subject to the action of Congress, and
when Congress sees fit to diminish the Army he
is subject to have his commission taken away from
him; but 1 do not see upon whom this provision
is to operate. How are you going to get rid of
these officers > What kind of board is to deteim-
ine the particular officers to be retained and those
who shall go out?
Mr. SHERMAN. The section as I drew it
provides that the President shall make this re-
duction; but if before the war is over it is deemed
important to have a board to advise the President,
that can be done.
Mr. GRIMES. That ought to be provided for
in this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already inserted, in
the amendment 1 have offered, that it shall be
done by the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio to the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to strike out the
eighth section of the bill. I ask the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to that &ection. It is follows:
Sec. 8 ^indheit further enacted, That the force*- author-
ized to Ihj received into the *ervice of th<* United Slates by
the twelfth section of the act nppioved the lah of July,
185*2, entitled ''An act to amend the aet calling forth the int-
htia'to pxerute the law^ of tuo Uninn. suppress inciuree-
fiou. and jejh'l invasion, jipp/oved Febnau v 23. 179a,
the aet amendatory theieot.and lot othfii puipo-es.,*;! ha!l he
olficen-d by persons appointed and connnu loned by tho
Purulent, 'and governed by the rules and articles of war.
If the only object of the section is that which is
expressed on its face, it attains no object, unless
it may be to confuse and disoiganize our forces
now iii the field.
Mr. COWAN. The object is to officer the ne-
groes. The twelfth section of the law of last year
applies to negroes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not know but' &
was meal that was in the tub, but I thought ft
likely it was a cat. [Laughter.^ The Se'nato'f
from Pennsylvania says it was for the negro. I
am opposed to the whole of it. If it is desired tb~
officer the negro regiments, it will lead us into con-
fusion with reference to others of the vrtlunteeHs
who are now in the field, and whose officers are
commissioned by the Governors of the States.
By this section they are to be commissioned by
the President of the United States. The power
is absolutely conferred, by this section, on the
President, to commission and appoint the officers
where they have been appointed by the States.
If it is true, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
think# it is, that the object is to commission ne-
groes, I am opposed to it, and I desire the more
to strike it out.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will state
to the Senator from Illinois precisely what this
section is. It empowers the President to com-
mission officers for the forces to be raised under
the twelfth section of the act "approved July 17,
1862. The twelfth section of that net is as follows;
" That the Piesident be, and he is hereby, authorized .to *.
receive into the service ot the United States, for the pur-
pose of constructing intrenchments, and performing camp
seivice, or any other labor, or any military or naval ser-
vice for winch they may be competent, person's of African
descent; and such persons shall be enrolled and organ-
ized under such regulations, not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution ami laws, as the Pie&ident may prescribe."
That authorizes the raising, enrolling, and or-
ganizing of these persons into forces under such
rules and regulations as the President himself may
prescribe. The eighth section of Shis bill refers
simply to that twelfth section of the acfof last
year, and to the forces raised under it, and makes
clear a point that has been raised, whether the
"President, under this power to raise, enroll, and
organize them, has the power to appoint the offi-
ceis to command them. My own judgment is, that
it carries that power with it. I do not think there
can be a doubt about that. But at the same time
this section makes the matter clear and puts the
officers and men thus raised under the rules and
articles of war.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts permit me to ask him a single ques-
tion?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it your purpose now-
to commission negroes in your Army?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir. It
is understood, in fact, the practice under it is to
commission white officers to command these men.
There are some seven or eight regiments already
organized, and white officers appointed, with the
exception, perhaps, of two or three partially col-
ored persons appointed in the troops raised at New
Orleans by the secessionists, to commence with',
and then General Butler, when he arrived there,
took them into the service of the United States.
I do not know how many, some three or four, I
think, of the line officers, were persons with Af-
rican blood in their veins. But I do not think the
President has commissioned any person of that
Mr. RICHARDSON. I agree with the Sena-
tor that there is no occasion to amend the twelfth
section of the law of last year at all. It was deemed
sufficient at the time the bill was passed, and for
all the purposes of the government of these per-
sons the power was conferred. I do not under-
stand that the object of that twelfth section was to
create officers at all. They were to be placed in
the service merely for the purpose of laboring
under the direction of the commanding officer,
whoever he might he, that had the works in charge.
They needed no officers. They need none now.
It is not necessary that you should have military
officers appointed*to command those persons, in
order that you may make them work upon forts
and fortifications. The section proposed in this
bill accomplishes nothing unless it may be for the
pu rpose of£i vi ngeom missions and pay to negroes.
No w, sn", one word in reference to the talk about
the secessionists commissioning negroes.
