504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
' The bili was reported to the Semite asjimendod,
and the amendments wore concurred in. Tlie bill
was oidered to be engrossed for a third reading',
was read the third time, and passed. The tide
was amended so as to read: A bill to authorize the
increase of the clerical and other foice of the quar-
termaster's department, and for other purposes.
LAND SALES AT PORT HOYAL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have an amendment that
I'propose to offer to the bill introduced by the hon-
orable Senator front Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] in relation to suspending the sales of lands
at Hilton Head, which I desire to have printed,
and I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be received if there be no objection, and the
order to print will be made.
PROTECTION OF OVERLAID EMIGRANTS.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 430,
for the protection of oveiland emigrants, if it is
to be passed at all, it should be passed now. I
do not suppose there will be any objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (8. No. 430) to provide for the
protection of overland emigrants to the States and
Territories of the Pacific.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the fui ther con-
sideration of ^he bill be postponed until to-moi-
row. I am not certain that it ought to pass. I
have received some information on the subject
which I desire to examine thoroughly togethei
wit|i the bill, before voting on ihc bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator wiii allow
us to have a short executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw his motion?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes ten, noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideuition of executive business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts simply to allow me
to make the bill (S.No. 45$) to suspend the sale
of lands on the islands on the coast of South Caro-
lina and Georgia, in and about Port Royal, the
special order for Monday next, at half past twelve
o'clock.
^ Mr. SUMNER. I concur entirely in that mo-
tion. That bili ought to be acted upon at once.
It cannot take more than fifteen minutes.
Mr, FESSENDEN. It is necessary to dispose
of it at once, if it is to be acted upon at ail.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. Then, with the consent
of the Senator from Massachusetts, I make that
motion.
TKeVfCE PRESIDENT. The Senator Horn
Wisconsin moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill indicated in his motion.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent, with the
-business we have before us, to make a special
order of that bill, and overrule everything else,
on Monday; and I do not think it would be right.
Here is the bill about political arrests; here is the
indemnity bill; heie is the bill to aid Missouii in
emancipation, a more important measure by fur;
and we must dispose of all these bills. If w'e can
get up the bill indicated by the Senator fi om Wis-
consin in the morning hour on Monday, and dis-
pose of it, well and good; but ! hope it will not be
made a special order to override everything else.
Let it take its chance of getting; up on Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will con-
sent to make it a special order. It is a bill that
must be actcd upon on either Monday or Tues-
day, or it will not be in time. It is something
urgent; and I know we shall have the vote of the
Senator upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is urgent, the Senate
will agree to take it up, and what is the use of
making it a special order?
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin will insist upon the motion that he
made a little while ago, to take up the bills relat-
wg to Indian matters in Minnesota, in order that
th/'y may be the unfinished business on Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not the
question now hi fore the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I make it, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is not
at liberty to make it.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Air. POWELL. I call for trie yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to the Sen- i
atorfrom Kentucky to withdraw that motion, and 1
let us go into executive session. j
Mr. POWELL, if that is the wish of the j
Senate, I will yield. |
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is willing to j
withdraw it. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can j
be withdrawn only by unanimous consent, the I
yeas and nays having been ordered, and the call |
of the toll having been commenced. !
Mi. HALE. { do n ot eive my consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an objec-
tion. The Secretary will proceed with the call
of the io!l.
The Secretary having concluded the call of the
roil, the icsult was announced—yeas 14, nays 19;
as follows:
VM Mo«sr«. Chandloi, Cowan. Hale. Hauling:. Hnr-
'] us if* ndeir-on, Mirk*,, No«mith. Powell, Rice, TiumbulL
j Wade, Wall, and Wilson ot Mi-^ouii—M.
|i WW::5—\It*.-n*. Anihonv. Arnold, Ihowninir. Chirk,
Dixon. l)< >oi 111 le, re-wtuleu. Foot. Fo-ter,! {at Ian, Ilow.od.
iCuu', Lane of Indiana, Lam1 ot' Kansas, Moiull, Pomeioy,
Simmer, Wilkn^oa, and Wils-on oi Massachusetts—ID.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate refuses
to adjourn, but the body is without a quoium.
Air. CLARK. I Dime that the Sdgeant-at-
Arms be t equestcd to in vite in the absent members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved by the
Senator from New H impshire that the Serjeant-
at-Arms be requested to notify the absent mem-
bers, and request their attendance.
Mr. CLARK. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland,
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
LKAGCIj ISLAND.
Air. RICE. I wish to enter a motion to recon-
snlei the voieon the passage of thejomt resolution
fS. No. 104) relating to League Island, on Satur-
day last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be entered.
Air. RICE. K the joint resolution hps passed
out of the possession of the Senate, I move that
the House of Representatives be lequested to re-
turn it.
j: The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator moves
| that a message be sent to the Flonse of Reprcsent-
j; atives lequesting that body to return to the Seri-
l; ate the joint resolution relating to League Island.
Air. FOSTER. Unless there is some leason for
asking the return ot legislation on which we have
acted, I think, at this stage of the session, it is
unwise to call buck legislative matter on which
the Senate have already passed, if anygood rea-
son can be given for it, certainly it is pioper.
Mr. RICE. I was not aware that it was ne-
cessary in making a motion of this kind, or a mo-
tion tu reconsider a vote, to give the leason for the
motion at the time. It never has been done to my
knowledge.
Mr. FOSTER. "Where a simple motion is made
to reconsider, and the party making it simply re-
quests it to be entered, perhaps that may be so;
but where a motion is made requesting the House
of Repiesirntatives to return legislative nuittei on
which we have acted, I believe it is g( nerally the
case that some reason is given why \va wish the i
matter returned. At a1! events, if it be not, it I
seems to me eminently proper that it should be so. !
Alt. RICE. I believe, according to the rules of |
the Senate, any Senator who has voted for or I
against any measure, as the case may be, may
enter the motion which I have entered within two
days afterwards; and it is supposed that during
that time the bili must be m the possession of the
Senate. That will necessarily follow; or why the
necessity for the rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
informed whether the resolution has been commu-
nicated to the House of Representatives or not.
A page has gone to the Secretary's room to ascer-
tain the fact; but by the 20th rule the mode of pro-
ceeding is prescribed. That rule is m these words:
u When a question has be^n once mad') and canicd in
the a (Urinative or negative, it shall be in cider toi any mem-
ber ot ilie majority to move lor tise reconsideration theieof;
but. no motion tot the recoiiMdeiatiou ot any vote shall be
in oidei aftot al>i!l, resolution, most-.o;0. report, amendment,
or monon upon winch the vote wa> taken, thrill have gone
our ot the pos-er-*aon of tne Senate . announcing th'.m de-
el-ion ; noi :.-hui! <im motion loi tecouMv'oi nuon be m oider
ii'iie^ made on the same day on winch the vote was taken,
oi u uhm the two ae.\t day.*-or actual se^ion of the Senate
theieattcr."
The fust tl ling to ascertain is, whether it has
been communicated to the House of Representa-
tives. If it has, then the Senator's motion will
be in order to ask the House of Representatives
to return it. Petitions and mcmoiials are nowin
order.
Air. GRIMES. I should like to have this ques-
tion in tegnrd to League Island decided befoie we
proceed with other business, so that we may un-
derstand what the decision is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion now before the Senate. The Chair will ascer-
tain, m a very few minutes, whether the joint
resolution has been communicated to the House
of Representatives, and will then announce it.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said:
The Chair will announce to the Senate that the
joint resolution alluded to by the Senator from
Mmnesnta has not been communicated to the
House of Representatives, and the Senator's mo-
tion to itconsider can now be cnteied.
LXLCrriVE COMMUNICATIONS.
TheVICEPRESlDENTlaid before theSenate
a message of the President of the United States,
communicating a report from the Secretary of
State transmitting the regulations, deriees, and
otders for the government of the United States
consular courts in Turkey; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be punted.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, m answer to a tesolutionof
the Senate ofthe 15th instant, information in rela-
tion to the compensation of collectors of customs
under the acts of May 7, 18;22, and March 3,
1841; which was ordered to he on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a h'tter of the Secretary of the Navy, in
favor of accepting the title to League Island, and
recommending an appropriation of $2.*>0,00() for
the work at League Island; win eh was referred
to the Committee on Naval AlYairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Societal y of the Treasury,
communicating, in answer to a lesolution of the
Senate of the 24th instant, a copy of a report of
the commissioneis appointed for the district of
South Carolina under the act for the collectionof
taxes in insurrectionary districts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Air. FOSTER. Mr. President, several letters
have betn placed in my hand% wntten by persons
in Europe, laborers and operatives, a number of
them of the county of Lancaster, England, in
winch, while expressing great gratitude to the Uni-
ted States for their munificent donations of pro-
visions to them while in want, they express an
earnest desire that the same means used to provide
them with provisions might be used to procure
them a passage to this country. They say they
do not wish to eat the bread of idleness or the bread
of charity, but are amply able to provide for them-
selves, if they can but have labor; and they are
persuaded that in this country they could have it.
They do not ask in these letters for Government,
but for individual aid; but they give, as it seems
to me, abundant reasons why the Government
should make an appropriation to procure theemi-
