1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
. Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Ididnotsay
they commissioned them. I said the secessionists
ordered some negroes to be organized at New Or-
leans into a military force. When General But-
ler arrived there, or after he had been there some
days, he issued the precise directions for those
nicn in our service that had been issued for them
by the secessionists, and raised a regiment under
them. «
Mr. ANTHONY. He took the same regiment
into our service.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
the one they started.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not very ready to
follow the examples set us by secessionists, and
especially in this particular, if they have in any
instance organized these regiments of Africans for
military purposes. The only sensible use they
have made of the negro is to make him work. It
is the only sensible employment we can ever put
them to in the world. We can make them work
to raise corn, pork, and beef, to feed our soldiers.
That is the only sensible use we can put them to.
I am opposed now, as I have been always hereto-
fore, to putting this inferior racc in the Army for
the purpose of fighting. You will lose every bat-
tle in which you use them. You cannot make in>
feriority of intellect fight in the field with supe-
riority of intellect.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am rather
surprised at the declaration just made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois; for he told us recently, in a
speech here, that discipline was everything and
courage nothing; and therefore intellect, heart,
and soul must be very Utile.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. If this section of the hill
should become alaw, will notthe Presidentof the
United States have the authority under it to make
a ttegso a major general of the United States
Army?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think not.
Mr. POWELL. Where is the limitation? 1-
Imve examined the law, and the section cuUinly
contains no limitation whatever.
Mr. KING. The Constitution requires that the
Senate shall consent to all appointments of general
officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that there is now any limitation whatever,
in the laws for the raising of volunteers and the
appointment of generals, to the President ap-
pointing a nrgio, a man of African descent, to
be a general; but everybody knows that no one
proposes anything of the kind, or expects any-
thing of the kinu. This twelfth section of the
act of last year gives the President power to em •
ploy " for constructing mtrenchmenta, performing
camp service or any other labor, or any military
or naval service for which they may be compe-
tent, persons of African descent; and such per-
sons shall be enrolled and organized under such
regulations, not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws, as the President may prescribe."
I have never had any doubt whatever—and, not
having a doubt, I reported against the bill passed
by the House of llepiesent.Uivoson this subject—
that the Piesident under thus law has ample power
to enroll and to otganize for military or for naval
purposes, and to appoint officers for them, any
number that he chooses of men of African de-
scent. Further than that, the President is doing
that thing; and more of it, I have no doubt, will
be done. There are some peisons, however, who
seem to think that this section would make she
matter more clearj-so that, there could not be any
doubt about it, that the Piesident should have the
power to appoint and commission these persons,
and place them under the rules and regulations
of war. Any man, however, who is enrolled in
the military service of the United States, is under
the rules and articles of war when he is in the
active service. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr, President, there
is a regiment of this class of troops m my State,
with white officers appointed by ihe President.
They have been recently moved to Fort Scott, and
a gentleman from thatvicinity who 53 now here—
a man of intelligence and character—tells me that
when that regiment first made its appearance at
Fort Scott there was the same prejudice against
it that is now entertained by the Senator from Il-
linois; but seeing their manly bearing and their
perfection in drill and discipline, that prejudice
has been entirely removed; and men of the same
political faith as the Senator from Illinois now
entertain as high an opinion of the fighting qual-
ities of the regiment as they do of any regiment
stationed at that fort.
Mr. KENNEDY. Were they ever under fire?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They have been under
fire. Sixteen of them were surrounded by two
hundred rebels. They fought until eight of them
were killed, and the other eight were down des-
perately wounded; and when relieved, they had
thirty black-hearted traitors lying upon the prai-
rie by the blows they inflicted upon them. In
that encounter they showed as much pluck, as
much steadinesses much skill in the use of their
weapons as any troops that ever fougijt.
1 know the prejudice entertained by some Sen-
ators on this subject, and I sympathize with them.
I once entertained the same prejudice, and those
Senators have my deepest sympathy.
The fact is, Mr. President, this war will prove
the saying of all military men that have gone be-
fore us, that the nearer you can discipline men to
mere machines the more available they are upon
the battle-field. We have a force—our volunteer
force—who do not approach to that quality. They
have an individuality that gives them the ability
to fight without this discipline. Each man fights
for himself. The Senator from Illinois and my-
self were in a battle that was won without ref-
erence to discipline by the individuality of the
volunteers fighting after they were whipped. The
battle of Buena Vista was won in that "way, by
fighting individually after the battle was lost. I
assure these Senators that before the close of this
rebellion they will acknowledge upon this floor,
if they aie here, that they were mistaken as to the
fighting qualities of the negro. Commanded by
white men, they will fight desperately; and we
may have to acknowledge, before this war closes,
that it was closed by thu negro to a very consid-
erable extent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have but a word in
reply to say to each of the gentlemen who have
preceded me. I repeat now what the Senator from
Massachusetts charges me with having said the
other day, that drill and discipline are necessary
m an tinny, ltis true, as the Senator from Kan-
sas says, that you must reduce men as nearly as
possible to machinery, and then direct them by a
single person with undoubted courage and skill.
But,- sir, while I make that declaration, I make
this further declaration, that you cannot speedily
make the drill and the discipline effective upon
inferior intellect. I lay that down as a proposi-
tion that can be tested and has been tested repeat-
edly in our own Army. The higher the intelli-
gence, the sooner the corps becomes disciplined
and drilled. Where there is a low degree of in-
telligence, you cannot discipline or drill them so
as to make them effective. You cannot make them
perform their part of the work.
[ accept what the Senator from Kansas says as
true—I know nothing about it—that the negro
regiment in his Slate may have learned to walk
well and to dress by the colors well. We know
that they imitate exceedingly well; as a Senator
near me says, they dance very well, and learn that
quickly. Hut you have given them but one, the
first step in military discipline and drill.
But, Mr. President, that is not the point with
me in this controversy. I hope the day is not far
distant when this lebellion will be over. When
it is over, those who have contributed to bring
about the final result will have much to do in the
management of ouraifans. lam not prepared,
I am not willing to approach the question that this
rebellion is to be put down by an inferior race,
and that they arc to control our destinies after it
is over. Sir, it is a fearful question for you and
me to contemplate. In eveiy other country on
this continent, where government or liberty has
been confided to their hands, it has been lost.
When confided to an inferior hand in Mexico,it
was lost. As long as, in that country, the Govern-
ment and the direction of public affairs and the
army were confined to the people of Spanish de-
scent, things were well enough; but when the half-
bloods, the Indian, and the negro first entered the
army, and finally attained other places, and con-
trolled the destiny of the country, from the mo-
ment they begin to participate in it, the revolu-
tions, civil wars, and disturbances that have made
that republic a byword and a reproach began to
be enacted.
What is true of that country is true of all Soufll
America, unless it is Brazil. In Chili, in Peru,
in the Argentine Confederation, in all those coun-
tries, so long as they were governed by the de-
scendants of Europeans, they preserved a Gov-
ernment; they obtained liberty; but when it was
committed to this other race, first brought into the
army and then admitted to the exercise of the
rights of citizenship, public law and public order
were lost and destroyed, and they were involved
in civil wars and civil commotions. With this
history before me, I propose, as I have done here-
tofore, to meet this question at the outset, and to
resist it in the beginning. I am unwilling to com-
mit any portion of this country to the keeping of
an inferior race, and I resist this proposition be-
cause I am opposed to anything of that sort.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The troops that we
have been speaking of learn the drill quicker than
our troops do. As it is admitted by the Senator
from Illinois, that which they learn by imitation
they learn much more rapidly than we do; and I
do assure the Senator from Illinois that his fears
that the inferior race will become the superior in
this country are entirely unfounded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not say that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As far as I am con- ^
cerned, I feel entirely confident in our race, and
I have no sympathy with the gentleman who has
fears of his race becoming the inferior. I venture
to say that these troops learn the drill as perfectly
as and more perfectly than our own troops; and
if not as available as the volunteer, they will be
available troops, and will follow their officers to
the death.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
to strike out the eighth section of the committee'*
amendment.
The amendment to theamendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move an amendment, to,
insert as an additional section the following:
*And be it further enacted, That so much of the thirteenth
section of the act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes, patsj-ed at the third session of
the Thiity-Seventh Congress, as authorizes the Secretary
of War to receive from a person drafted under the provis-
ions of haul act a sum not exceeding $300 for the procura-
tion ot a substitute, and di^ehaige of the person paying the
money from further liability under that draft, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. President, I have offered this amendment
in view of the fact that an objection is made in
many quarters to that provision of the act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces which
allows money to be substituted for blood. The
bill provides, as will be lecollected by Senators,
that any person, by paying to the Secretary of
War a sum not exceeding $300, may discharge
himself from the draft. It is said by persons who
are unable to furnish $300 that the rich arc to es-
cape this draft, the men of property are to escape,
while the men that cannot raise $300, and are sub-
ject to the draft, have no way of escaping, butare
compelled to go into the service. The proposi-
tion that I have offered does not prevent the pro-
curing of a substitute. If it is adopted the bill
would still provide for substitutes; but it would
compel a person who was drafted, rich or poor,
to get a substitute in his place, or else to perform
the service himself. Ought not that to be so? Is
it right to fix in the bill a certain sum by which
a man of property may discharge himself from
the military servicer If he can procure a substi-
tute to go for him, let him make his own terms,
and furnish his substitute; butshall wc say in the
law, " if* you will pay the Secretary of War $300
you shall not be compelled to serve in the armies
of the country for its defense, but they shall be
compelled to serve who are unable to furnish the
money?" I tiust that my friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, will consent
to the adoption of this amendment, and allow it
to go on this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say that this provision was put in the bill for the
benefit of the poor men of this country. I have
not a shadow of doubt that it is a provision in
favor of the poor men of this country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not so regard it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I believe
they so regard it; but acme persons who do not
