A863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
understand it look at it in another light. I tell
you what I think will happen if you adopt this
amendment and put it in tins bill; and if gentle-
men wish to put it in I shall make no fight upon
it. I do not wish to occupy any time upon it,
for time is precious. That bill authorizes the
Secretary of War to fix a .sum that shall not ex-
ceed $300; he may fix $50; he may fix $100 or
$200 or $250, or some sun* for which substitutes
can be obtained. Whatever he fixes will be re-
garded everywhere as the sum to be paid for a
substitute, destroying all the demoralization that
bounties have made in the country, by which a
set of men go from one part of the country to the
other, enlist, get the bounty, and run away.
Many have done it four or five rimes. In my
judgment, if this amendment be adopted, the man
who wants to get a substitute will pay a lug her price
than is fixed in theconacription bill; and the poor
man of this country, when this provision of that
bill is stricken out, will have leas ability to obtain
a substitute than he will if it remains in the bill,
and he has the privilege of pay ing a sum of money
or getting a substitute. That was my judgment;
that was the judgment of the committee in put-
ting it in, after a great deal of consideration and
reflection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on this amendment, for I consider
it a matter of some importance.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot see this matter
in the light in which the Senator from Massachu-
setts does. He says it is a clause in favor of the
poor men of this country. Why, air, the poor
men of the country have got to go. They cannot
furnish this money. He leaves it to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War to say that, if a man
pays fifty dollars in money, he need not furnish
a substitute; but if he pays fifty dollars in money
he is to be discharged from the draft. What is
the man to do who cannot pay fifty dollars in
money? He has got to go. Are you for passing
a law that shall compel a man to go and meet the
foes of his country upon the battle-field and un-
dergo the hardships of a campaign, its dangers
and its exposures, when he cannot raise fifty dol-
lars, and release the man that can raise fifty or
three hundred dollars from going on his paying
that sum of money? It is not a provision m favor
of the poor men of the country. They cannot
buy the right to stay at home.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. How are
they goiti^ to get a substitute?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will go; they can-
not get a substitute; they do not employ a sub-
stitute. Your bill does not provide for a poor
man's getting a substitute; and he cannot get a
substitute, unless he can furnish a sum which
shall be fixed by the Secretary of War, not to ex-
ceed $300. The poor men of the country when
drafted have got to enter the service; but the man
of property, when he is drafted, pays his money,
and he escapes going into the service. Nosv, I
would prefer leaving it that every person drafted
shall be compelled to perform the service, or leL
him make his own arrangements about getting a
substitute. The Senator says if that is the case
the price of substitutes will be very high. Pri-
vate enterprise will regulate itself on that subject.
If this amendment be adopted, a person who is
so situated that he cannotgo, or does not wantto
enter the service for some reason or other, if he
has the means, may employ a substitute in his
place; but I would not say to the people of this
country, when I was passing a general bill to
bring into the public service all the able-bodied
men of the nation, " all of you who can pay §300
shall escape the service, and those who cannot
must be drafted, and compelled to enter the ser-
vice."
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Illinois
proposed to abolish the idea of substitutes entirely,
and if the lot fall upon the rich man compel the
rich man to go, then his argument would apply,
and that is a plain military expedient; but he pro-
poses to authoiize substitutes. Now, how will
the power of substitution fall less burdensome
upon the people? That is the only question. In
my judgment, it will be by fixing the sum, and I
speak of*this from actual experiment. I remem-
ber very well, when the draft occurred in Ohio,
that some men who were drafted who were indif-
ferent about money, or were determined to get a
substitute at all events, went around the country
and offered $1,000 for a substitute, and they pro-
cured them. Theydid not care about theexpenso.
Under the proposition now offered by the Senator
from Illinois, if a rich man is drafted he will not
go, but he will pay whatever is demanded for a
substitute, and that wiil fix the price beyond what
a poor man can possibly pay or raise.
There is another objection to this proposition.
The Government wishes the best soldiers possi-
ble. If the drafted men cannotgo—and there are
reasons sometimes why they cannot go—then the
Government wants to get the very best kind of
substitute. How is that to be drwie ? Is it to allow
men who sell themselves at the highest market
price to go into the Army as substitutes ? is that
the best way? On the other hand, is it not better
to offer a bounty to the general class of substi-
tutes? In that way men will go into the service
and receive the bounty fixed by law and become
substitutes. Rv actual experiment in the tecent
draft we know that" shysters, "as they were called
by some one heic theotherday, men in the cities,
scoundrels, sold themselves as substitutes, and
within a day or two deserted and went to another
camp, again sold themselves as substitutes and
then deserted, and so they went from camp to
camp. In this way, men without means, aban-
doned wretches, sold themselves as substitutes,
never designing to render the least service to the
country. That was tho class of men that were
furnished as substitutes under the system pro-
posed to be continued by the Senator from Illi-
nois. If, on the other hand, the substitutes are
employed by the Governmentofthe United States,
it will be done under fixed and established rules,
and by some general system, so that the substi-
tutes will probably be equal to the principals, the
persons drafted. It is belter, 1 say, therefore, foi
the drafted peison to have the price fixed, so that
he shall not be imposed upon. I have no doubt
that the average price of a substitute under the
system proposed by the Senator from Illinois will
be higher th/m under the system in the conscrip-
tion bill, and that the class of poisons who will
be employed as substitutes under the provisions
of the bill will be far infeuor.
I know there will be a little clamor made about
allowing a man to exempt linn self by giving mon-
ey; but, I take it, we are above clamor, or should
be prepared to meet it. In all military law, the
law of substitution is a part of it, and must be so.
Everybody admits that. The Senator from Illi-
nois himself admits it. If weallow the principle of
substitution, we must take that system which,
while it furnishes us with the bestsoldier, will be
the least burdensome to the drafted person; and I
think that system is the one which fixes the price
of the substitute at the standard price which a
man who comes forward and offers himself as a
substitute will be entitled to receive fiom the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
There is another reason. When a person is
drafted, and that peison presents a substitute, he
pays at once to the substitute a gross sum of mon-
ey, and very often the substitute squanders that
money before he assumes the burden of military
duty; while, if left to a general law and general
regulation, the Secretary of War might very well
say, when he employs ^substitute, that a portion
of the money should not be paid until the end of
the war, and a portion of it only at the beginning,
just as, under the present system, bounties are
paid. In every possible point of view, therefore,
as this is an important question, I say it is bettor
that there should be a fixed price for a substitute,
and let the law stand as it is. 1 do not want to
see so much fluctuation in the terms of this very
important law. i believe that the conscription will
save this country. Ever since its passage, I have
had more confidence in the success of our arms,
and in the final triumphant termination of the war.
I therefore think it is a law that ought not to be
tampered with, except for strong reasons. The
provisions of the law will soon be understood by
the people, and I believe they will respond to it
with patriotic ardor. We ought not to change the
provisions of the law, except for strong reasons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law has uotgoneinto
force yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. But still it has been pub-
lished all over the country, and is pretty well un-
derstood. I think, therefore, it ought not to be
changed, except for strong reasons.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot but say that
I am very much delighted with the proo.eediiiga
of to-day. We passed in hot haste, I thinfr,Mftdt
Saturday night, a con>cription bill, and we have
already had two propositions toamend it bygcrr*
tlernen who voted for it. 1 think, if we sit'twd
or three days more, we shall have propositions to
amend other portions of that bill; and Ithin&vby
the next session of Congress, we shall have a prop*
osition to repeal it altogether.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope this amendment
of the Senator from Illinois will be adopted. It
seems to me, if the bill stands as it now does, it
will operate in favor of that class of our popula-
tion who are able to pay the price fixed for sub-
stitutes, and it will operate vei y hard against those
who ere not able to pay. I would rather that the
money clause in the original lull should be stricken
out as this amendment provides, and leave the
party to furnish his .substitute as is therein pro-
vided. There are many reasonsforthis. It seem*
to me that advantage will be taken of this pro-
vision by that class of people, and they are quite
numerous, who are determined to make every-
thing that the Government is doing unpopular
with the masses of the people.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They do
not succeed very well, though.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 hope they do not. I
believe there is too much patriotism in the people
to allow them to succeed very well in their at-
tempt. At the same time, so far as my voice and
my vote go, I would rather remove all objection
and all ground for cavil against this or any other
law that we may pass to put down this rebellion.
I thought the other day when it was proposed
to subject members of Congress to this draft that
it was wrong, because I considered that the Con-
stitution set them apart for a specific duty; but
Congress was so bent on making this law uni-
versal, making it a popular law, that although
there are but two or three Senators who would
fall within this law, they were determined they
should be liable to this conscription act. Now, 1
'want to strike out this money clause, and if I am
drafted i want to go. i do not want to buy my
way out of the ranks of the Army with $150 or
$200 or #300. I see no reason why men of wealth,
men who are abundantly able to pay the price
prescribed by the proper Department, should not
risk their lives in defense of their country just aa
well as the men who cannot raise $200. They
are the very men who should go, because, if any-
thing, they have a greater interest in the mainte-
nance of the Government and in the suppression
of this rebellion than any other class, and they
ought to fi^ht it out.
Mr. HICKS. Mr. President, experience is said
to be our best teacher; and my experience on this
subject has convinced me that the conscription
bill as it now stands will be infinitely, better than
the amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois. We have recently had a little experience
on the subject of draft throughout the country.
We all know that the burdens of this war—the
furnishing of the money to carry it on—will fall
upon the moneyed portion of our people. The
men of limited means do the fighting, and they
do it well. By the provisions of the conscription
bill as it stands the man who chooses to pay into
the Treasury of the United States §300 i-s exempt
from the operation of the draft. A sum of money
is thereby raised that will enable the bringing
into the service of the Government a class of men
without families, young, active, healthy men, and
it will tend to relieve those who have families.
Why, sir, in the draft that we had in Maryland
the procuring of substitutes became a regular
trade, and the draft itself, as far as I understand
it, proved to be a farce. Horse-jockeys and nc-
gio tradcis never made a more regular business
than did the substitute brokers who opened offices
in that State. The very worst class of men weie
brought from New York, Philadelphia, and Bal-
timore to the Eastern Shore, where I reside; and
one of the most bloody fights I ever witnessed, in
a limited way, occurred on board a steamer con-
taining a number of them, and which I happened
to be aboard of. There was very great opposi-
tion among these hucksteiers who had gone there
with a numberof substitutes to sell, trading them
just as individuals who have engaged in that busi-
ness used to trade in negroes. The exposition
became so great and so violent that they got into
