506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ing this rebellion we have suffered by these re-
serves. Humboldt, a town of our State, has been
twice destroyed by the Missouri guerrillas coming
through these Indian reserves—they are but des-
erts—and pouncing upon our towns without no-
tice. Olatha was destroyed in the same way by
the guerrillas moving down through a reserve, a
desert waste, and suddenly attacking it. The
same thing happened at Shawnee Town. Itdoes
seem to me, Mr. President, that a State situated
as Kansas is, deserves something from Congress.
Wo ask no appropriation. We ask only that the
President of the United States may enter into ne-
gotiation for the inauguration of a policy and see
if an arrangement cannot be made by which the
removal of these Indians may be accomplished.
The whole subject must again come before Con-
gress for their action.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs examined this subject thoroughly, and i
believe the bill has the approval of every member
of the committee. It involves theexpenditure of
no money, either immediately or remotely. It is
expected that if the Indians agree to remove to the
Indian country, their lands can be sold for enough
to defray the expenses of the removal. Many of
these tribes arc now wealthy. Theyare entitled
to large annuities from the Government. It is
not expected by the Indian Committee that any
appropriations will be necessary either now or
hereafter for this purpose. The superintendents
and agents now in the field for these various tribes
will be used doubtless by the Commissioner to
negotiate the treaties, and the whole subject will
come back to the Senate as a matter of course for
its approval hereafter. Nothing, then, is pio-
posed by the bill except to enter into the negotia-
tion by the use of the agents and superintendents
now in the field. It is very desirable, I think, for
the Indians who are attempting to adopt the hub-
its of civilized people that some such arrange-
ment as this should be made. It. is probable that
some of the Indians will remain, who have re-
ceived their lands in severalty; but in connec-
tion with each one of these Indian tribes, the com-
mittee have been informed, theie is a band of wild
Indians who have not received their lands or an-
nuities in severalty,and aie constantly encroach-
ing on the rights of those attempting to adopt the
habits of white people. They, at least, it is sup-
posed, will consent to remove out of the State,
even if those living on farms should remain. As
1 before remarked, it involves the expenditure of
no money, and no appropriations are asked for.
Mr. POM EROY. I agree with the Senator fi am
Maine that this bill does foreshadow the inaug-
uration of a new policy. It is a matter thai has
had considerable thought and study; and from
some years among these Indians 1 have become
convinced myself that a new pohcy should be
adopted. They are wasting away; they aie be-
coming extinct; and as they now are, under the
present pohcy and under the policy that has been
inaugurated, they must certainly waste away and
die. I do not know but they will under any pol-
icy. I am not sure on that point. The history
of the colored race, and especially of the Indians,
is a very complicated and dark one. I have vis-
ited every tube in Kansas, and have tried to learn
the causes of their decay. When 1 first went
there, some tribes had seven hundred, and the
Osages had at least five thousand. They are
now reduced down to about thiee thousand, and
the others have diminished almost one half since
I became a resident of that State.
I have thought that the half-breeds, and those
who adopt the customs of civilization, and have
their lands in severalty might become citizens,
and live among us. That is" my opinion. They
have already gone to farming. I think they had
better remain there. They will make very good
citizens. There arc Christian Indians and heathen
Indians in every tribe. A part of them have the
old system of offering sacrifices, and keep up the
old Indian notion, and another portion are under
tiie influence of our missionaries. Those who
have adopted civilization,and are attached to our
mission schools, and are under the influence of
our missionaries, f desire to remain and have their
lands, each of them a quarter section, and live
like white people. The wild Indians, those who
are not- under that influence, I desire, and I think
our people generally desire, to have removed. I
believe it is the opinion of the missionaries among
them that if they could be removed to the Indian
country, and be consolidated with other Indians,
and have one country devoted to the Indians, it
would be beneficial to them and to us. I know
there is an anxiety to take the vote, and therefore
I will only say that I think this is inaugurating a
new policy, and I am in favor of the policy.
Mr.RlCE. With myunderstandingofthelaws
as they now are, I can see no necessity for the
passage of this bill. It confers no additional power
on the President. He has now the power to make
treaties whereapriorappropriation isnotrequired.
It has been done every year for a number of years.
Mr. POMEROY. That question is in doubt.
The Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs desire some direction on
the part of Congress. They would not take the
responsibility of inaugurating a new system with-
out some authority from Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire to state to Sen-
ators that the amendment was drawn by the In te-
nor Department, and I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I shall
take the responsibility of opposing this bill. If
the Interior Department and the Committee on
Indian Affairs are unanimous on the subject, I do
not want to throw in the way of it any crude no-
tions of my own; because I do not consider my-
self competent to express an opinion on the subject
in opposition to the opinions of the committee.
But, sir, I desire to enter my jTrotestagamst what
seems be one argument of the Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Lane,] and that is, that all the rights, and
all the justice, to be considered with reference to
questions of this soit, are to be reserved exclu-
sively for the whites, and that the Indians do not
seem to have any rights in relation to the matter. I
regard them as under the protection of the Gov-
ernment; and because the whites have chosen to
go into their section of country and settle upon
lands and improve those lands and make settle-
ments, i do not think it follows if, in consequence
of that, the value of lands owned by the Indians
and reserved for their use is increased, that there-
fore that value should accrue to the whites and not
to the Indians themselves. I do not accede to the
correctness of such an idea at all, if that was the
idea which my friend from Kansas meant to sug-
gest. If any man chooses to come into my neigh-
borhood and settle, and by his improvements in-
crease the value of the land which I occupy, it
does not follow that he has a right to take that land
from me or compel me to sell it to him; and I think
the same rule holds with reference to colored peo-
ple, whether they are of African descent or native
Indians, precisely, in relation to that matter.
1 should be veiy sony if the policy that has
been adopted by the Government towards the In-
dians should be found to be a failure; for I have
encouraged the idea and the hope that we might
make these people citizens, and have them settled
among the whiles and hold lands as others do,
and pursue their avocations; that they might be
christianized and made valuable citizens, and the
blood of the native possessors of the country re-
main in the country. In that procesy, I have no
doubt, a great many will die; a great portion of
the people may be extinguished; but do we gam
anything by removing them one step further from
us ? I will ask my friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pom-
eroy,] suppose you remove them to the Indian
territory, how long will it be before the whites en-
croach on them there? How long will it be before
the same argument is again adduced, and we shall
be called to make a Territory and then a State,
and the little feeble remnant of them mustgo still
further into the wilderness ?
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, the policy
which I would inaugurate would be toconseciate
this Indian country forever to the Indians.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but have not
these reservations for the use of the Indians been
consecrated forever in the same way as much as
the Indian territory can be?
Mr. POMEROY. But the construction we have
put upon it has been, that i4 forever" means until
the white people want it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; and you will con-
secrate the Indian temtoryin the same way—
until the white people want it.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I would consecrate
it until eternity begins.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that could be done,
though I do not see the slightest probability of its
being done, 1 would say, put them in that terri-
tory and protect them there. What has been our
experience on this question? The Indians have
been step by step removed. We make reserva-
tions in a Territory or State for the Indians; we
inaugurate a policy; we say, hereafter the policy
of the Government is to be this: white people are
not to go on the reservations; they are to be for-
ever for the use of the Indians; the Indians are
to be protected there forever; to be christianized
and made a part of ourselves. The time comes
when the whites surround them and want their
lands. They say they do not get christianized
fast enough; the process is not sufficiently rapid
to suit their purposes; the Indians yet remain semi-
barbarians; you do not get the whole of them civ-
ilized; there are a few left who adhere to their
idols, and, therefore, they must be removed to a
new territory, soniewhete else, which is to be con-
seciated to their use forever; which means, per-
haps, for a generation—some fifteen years. Well,
sir, if that is to go on; if it is necessary; if such
is the state of things in this country that we can-
not be Christians except so far as suits our own
interests, let us understand it, and the sooner the
Indians are exterminated, perhaps the better for
them. But, sir, I do not see the sense of justice,
or the propriety, of yielding day after day, month
after month,and year after year, to the repetition
of the same arguments, when the result is simply
to move them a little further into the wilderness
until the white people work up to them, and then
they are to be lemoved again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend from Maine will allow me to say a word.
I If we are to take up this question and discuss the
i policy now, there are some observations I should
like to submit to the Senate; and if now is the
proper time,I will submit to the honorable Senator
my views. I shall not, of course, occupy more
than a very few minutes in what I have to say.
1 protest that it is not for the benefit of the
whites that I propose to remove these I ndians into
• j the Indian territory south of and adjoining ICan-
!! sas. The Indian territory south of Kansas is in
jj the possession of those Indians who aie in the
j highest state of civilization perhaps of any m the
; United Slates. They are the stronger bands of
| Indians,and they have a government already es-
| tablished. They have a written constitution and
i written laws. They have an Indian territory
which is secured to them. They have governors of
their own. The purpose is to have these small and
scattered tribes of Kansas and of Nebraska, and,
I will say, of all the Indians who need permanent
homes this side of the Rocky mountains, gathered
into this Indian territory; so that the Indians
themselves will have a strength and power of their
own to defend themselves against the incursions
of the whites; the purpose and policy being that
it shall be an Indian territoty. All the Indians
can then be placed under the superintendence of
a single superintendent or governor of the terri-
tory. Peihaps the whole number of our agents
I can be reduced to one. You can have there a few
forts to keep the white men away fiom trespass-
ing on the territory at all. Then you can prevent
the Indians from controversies and wars with each
other; ond there they can live and develop the
highest civilization of which the Indian race is ca-
pable; that it shall be an Indian territory; if you
please,an Indian State. There is no more beau-
tiful territory on the whole continent than this
territory which is denominated the Indian terri-
tory, which was by treaty with the Cherokecs,
Choctaws, and *Chickasaws, settled upon them
in fee simple forever. So far as those Indians aie
concerned, we have changed the very title by
which Indian lands arc held. The other Indian
!; lands of the United States within the territory are
jj held simply as to the usufruct; here we have by
! patentof the United States deeded the land to them
j! in fee simple forever. Mr. Piesident, if you want
to preserve any of these Indians in Kansas, Iowa,
Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Nebraska, who are
!| surtounded by the white settlements springing up
|; around them—if you wish to preserve the rem-
j nants of these Indians at all, they must be gath-
|| ered together in a place where the Indians are so
strong that white men may be kept away from
mtiudmg upon them. I believe it to be the wisest
•; policy for the Indians, the most economical for the
jj United States; indeed, I will say the only policy
I! by which you can save any of the race.
