1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
I do not desire now to take up the lime of the
Senate on the subject; but it was with that view
that I consented to the introduction of this bill;
not at all upon the idea that because their lands
are made valuable by our settlements, therefore
we ought to take them away from them; but to
preserve the race from being overwhelmed and
corrupted by the vices of the whites foster than
they are improved by their virtues. In my belief,
then* only salvation is in their being gathered to-
gether in this territory, which was set apurt for
the Indian race long, long ago—a territory large
enough to hold them all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that what lias
been said by my fuend from Wisconsin may be
a sufficient answer, perhaps, to what I was say-
ing. 1 think, however, as it was an answer to
my argument, he might as well have deferred it
until I got through, instead of interlarding it pre-
cisely in that way m my speech. It may be said,
in excuse, that he has spoken it so well and so
handsomely, that I have no doubt the Senate has
improved by the change. I had about finished
when interrupted, and I do not feel disposed to
go on.
Mr. HARLAN. Will it be in order to move
an amendment to the bill now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not now.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill was oidered
to a third reading, for the purpose of suggesting
an amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the Senator's
amendment is now in order.
Mr. HARLAN. In the sixth line of the first
section, on page 2 of the biil, after the word
ii lands," I move to insert the words " held in
common;'* and in the seventh line to sink** out
the woids <( for their removal," and to mseit the
words " the removal of such Indiansofsaidtnhes
as hold their lands m commonso that the clause
would then read:
That the President of the United States he, and is heie-
bv, authorized to enter into tieatiev with the ^eveial tubes
of Indian-*, rej-peetively. now lesidinu in the Stnte of Kan-
sas, piovuiiny lor the extinction of tti'Mr titles to Imid< held
ill common within saul ^tat<\ and for the removal of s-ueh
Indian*- ot ^aul tribes as hold rlieu lamN in common to suit-
able localities ehewheie withm the territorial hunts ot the
United States, and outside the limit- of any State.
I think that that course would probably be pur-
sued by the Secretary of the inlet lor if the amend-
ment should not be carried. The policy h< reto-
fore adopted by the Inteiior Depaitment within a
fewyeais lastpast has been to mdiKothe Indians
as far as possible to adopt the habits ot emlr/ed
people, to locate themselves on definite puicels of
land, and engage m agiicultural pursuits. Some
of the Indians have consented to do this, ami have
received lands m severalty, each Indian holding
a small parcel of land, varying from foity to one
hundred and sixty acres. Therenresome Indians,
however, connected with each of these tubes that
refuse to enter into this airangemcnt, and still live
in common as sepaiate bands. These Indians
do not recognize these regulations, and they fie-
quently visit those that are attempting to adopt
the habits of civilized people, and take whatever
they find. They go into then cornfields, and take
their corn and pumpkins and squashes and beans,
and everything else that the Indians may he culti-
vating for the use of their individual families, they
claiming thatall this properly belongs to the ti ibe,
and not to the individual Indian that may be claim-
ing it, disregaiding the apportionment of land to
these members of their tribes. If treaties ronld
be entered into with these Indians which would be
effectual in the removal of these wild bands from
the State of Kansas to some other suitable local-
ity, it would result in gieat advantage to the In-
dians that are attempting* to cultivate the soil.
This is the object which the committee propose
to accomplish'by these new treaties to be nego-
tiated with these Indians. If they should notsuc-
ceed, however, in doing this, no harm will have
been done. The whole subject will come back to
the Senate for its approval if the treaties should be
consummated ; so that it will be impossible for the
rights of these Indians to be trampled upon in any
way without the consent of this body. I suppose
that the Senator from Kansas will accede to the
amendment 1 propose.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to have the
attention of the Senator from Maine for a moment
to one point. I stated, with a knowledge of these
Indians, that they were anxious that this policy
should be adopted towards them. They are not
to be removed to a remote country. They are to
be moved over an imaginary line as fur east as
they are at present. A great body of our Indians
—the Osages—are on the border of the Indian ter-
ritory. It is proposed to separate them from the
whites and put the Indians together. I am one of
those who believe that, with the ad vancement they
have already made in civilization, if we can get
these Indians together, with a territorial govern-
ment of benevolent men and men of mind, we may
preserve the tribes. While 1 accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, I disagree with
him in the idea that there will be any separation
in the tribes. Those who are advanced m civili-
zation, who have their lands allotted, and who are„
living as citizens and have the re&poct of our peo-
ple, will move with the less civilized into the In-
dian country, and the result will be that the civil-
ized and the uncivilized Indians will go together,
and go gladly, in order that they may be saved
from destruction.
Mr. COLLAMER. I feel very unwilling to
interfere with this supposed policy in w hich most
people have very litile mtei est generally; but, sir,
it seems to me very strange that it should be un-
derstood that the Indians who aie in the neigh-
borhood of our white people m the State of Kan-
sas are in danger of being everlastingly barbarized
in consequence of their contiguity to a white, civ-
ilized population. To save them from that, it is
proposed to take them away fiom there, and put
them among a larger body of Indians, who, per-
haps, aie not more civilized than the people of
Kansas with whom they have heretofore lived.
[Laughter.] I am inclined to think, after all that
has been said on the subject, that if any law is
really needed, it is a law to civilize the people of
Kansas, and pi event them from stealing the pump-
kins,corn,&c., of the Indians. [Laughter.] But,
sir, I do not subscribe to the notions that have
been thiown oui on this subject at all. My idea
is that the Indians will be more likely to become
civilized in contiguity with our white civilized
population of Kansas than anywhere else; that
is, if the white people do not covet Naboth *s vine-
yard, and want to take the land of the Indians.
Hut, Mr. President, I did not rihO mciely to suy
a woid on that subject, but to make this remaik:
I do not like this talk of the Executive treaty-mak-
ing power undertaking to shoulder off their re-
sponsibilities upon Congress. The treaty-making
power of this Government is in the Executive; that
is, in the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate. There it rests; and I am entirely un-
willing to initiate here a policy that an nctof Con-
gress "can be passed to direct the exercise of that
treaty-making power. I think the tieaty-making
power should initiate this measure, if they find
it to be necessary, and we should not make an act
of Congress to nnde -fake to give it direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment pioposed by the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire, in answer to
the remark of the Senator from Vermont, to say
that experience has shown, although it may not
be comjfiunentnry to our race, that Indians can-
not live in neighborhood with the whites. While
we claim for Kansas as much intelligence as the
Senator can claim for his constituents, while we
claim as much integrity and as much benevolence
for the people of Kansas as he does for his con-
stituency, we have among us bad men, as they
have in his State. They will convey to these In-
dians liquor, spirits 
PROTECTION OF OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it now becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of Satur-
day 's session.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like very
much to have the consent of the Senate to take a
vote on this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Whatisthe
unfinished business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the bill (S.
No. 430) to provide for the protection of overland
emigrants to the States and Territories of the
Pacific.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will move to postpone
that and ail other bills, for the purpose of taking
up the bill (H. R. No. 591) to indemnify the Pres-
ident and other persons for suspending the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and acts done
m pursuance theieof.
Mr. NESMITH. I hope the Senator from Il-
linois will withdiaw his motion, and allow us a
few moments for the consideration of this bill.
This bill was reported on the 18th of December
last. Sincc that time, I have made four or five
efforts to get it considered. It has been twice be-
fore the Senate, and I have given way on account
of the objections urged by Senators to it. There
now seems to be no objection to the passage of
the bill. If it is delayed, it amounts virtually to
an abandonment of the whole thing. I hope we
shall be allowed to act upon it now, and pass it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is to be a vote
upon it, I will not press my motion until the vote
is taken.
Mr. NESMITH. I shall insist on a vote otl
the bill. I would prefer to see the bill defeated
rather than to have it postponed, because that will
be an end of the matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate is ready to
vote on it, I am willing that the vote shall be taken;
but otherwise 1 shall insist on my motion.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 430) to provide for the protection of
overland emigrants to the States and Territories
of the Pacific.
Mr. SUMNER. It was understood on Satur-
day that we should take up, at half-past twelve
o'clock to-day, the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to suspend the sale of
lands on the islands on the coast of South Caro-
lina and Gcoigia. The time has now passed. I
shall not interfere wit h the bill of the Senator from
Oregon; but 1 hope as soon as that is acted upon
we shall take up that bill and pass it.
Mr. NESMITH. This bill will occupy buta
lew moments.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the bill; which appropriates
£30,000 to be expended, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, for the protection of emigrants
by the ovciland routes to the States and Territo-
ries of the Pacific; but $10,000 of jthc appropria-
tion is to be applied to the protection of emigrants
on the route fiom Fort Abercrombie by Fort Ben-
ton.
The bill was passed.
LAND SALES AT PORT KOYAL.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Seriate bill No.
458, to suspend the sale of lands in the islands on
the coast of South Carolina and Georgia, m and
about Port Royal. 1 think it can be acted upon
in fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to lay aside the bill
now befoie the Senate, for the purpose of taking
up House bill No. 582, for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of depredations and
in juries by certain bauds of Sioux Indians. I will
simply remark that this biil and other kindred
measures should have been acted upon by the Sen-
ate two or three days ago; but on the request of
Senators they were permitted to go over in order
to take up some other bill. It seems to me we
cannot in justice suffer these bills to lie over for
other business another day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the bill referred to
by the Senator fiom Massachusetts will be taken
up, because it is one that should be passed imme-
diately if it is to be passed at all. 1 hope the Sen-
ator from Minnesota will not press his motion.
The bill of the Senator from Massachusetts should
be acted upon now, as time is pressing, because
the lands will be sold in a very short time, unless
we pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. We can get to the bill of the
Senator from Minnesota in ten minutes.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts will not take time, I will not
object to its consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it will; but
it is necessary to act upon it even if it should, be-
cause if it is not passed immediately the object of
it fails.
