1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. He rgay be
in the regular Army; but the Quartermaster Uen-
eral can, if he chooses, send a quartermaster of
volunteers there or to any other place. There is
no distinction of law about it, and no advantages
given to the regulars. It needs no legislation. All
you want is to have the action in the department.
We cannot administer the Government here by
legislation. AU we can da is to make proper laws,
and they must administer them at the other end
of the avenue.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the explanation
of the chairman, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment, to insert
the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That no negro, free or slave,
{■hall be eniolled in the military, marine, or naval seivice
of the United States.
I only intend to occupy a few minutes on this
amendment. I offer the amendment for several
reasons. The first is, that the employment of that
class of people in the Army or in the Navy is not
necessary. The second is, that it would cost too
much of time, of expense, and of labor to make
them in any degree efficient. A third reason is
this: as certain as they are employed it will give
rise to the most serious difficulty between the
armies of the United States and of the confeder-
ates. At the battle of Stone river, the Chair will
recollect that the cavalry of the confedciates do-
ployed and cutoff a good many of our wagons in
a train; and among them were, as was stated,
about thirty negro teamsters who were captured;
and every one of those negroes, ast saw it pub-
lished repeatedly, were shot and left to lie upon
the roadside. W hen the rebels made an incursion
down to Harpeth shoals on the Cumberland river,
they took some twenty or twenty-five negroes
upon the steamboats prisoners; and, with two or
three exceptions, they put them to death. The
facts prove that whenever any negroes are taken
in our armies by the confederates they will be put
to death; and the Administration and the Gov-
ernment of the United States will have to meet
that difficulty. I do not want the difficulty to go
on, bccause it is unnecessary. As certain as there
are negroes captured, with arms m their hands
particularly, i n the service of the United States, by
the rebels, they will be put to death at any cost.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose we exercise the
same power on them.
Mr. DAVIS. That is what I have deprecated.
Suppose you do; it will not stop it. It will just
bring the war to that state of bloodv, retaliatory
savageism that the Senator from Michigan seems
to think possible. It will come. If these negro
forces were necessary to give victory and success
to our arms, and to save the nation, it might be
prudently and properly, in the judgment of some
at least, urged that they should be employed; and
if they, upon being captured, were thus treated,
that the law of retaliation should be administered
upon.the lebels. You may retaliate as much as
you please; you may threaten it as much as you
please; vou may enact it, in fact, as much as you
please; but that consequence will nevertheless en-
sue, and it will continue to ensue. Here is one
very strong motive for it: the rebels know that
that mode of tieating the negroes will sti ike terror
into them, and will prevent them from enlisting
and attaching themselves to the United States
Aimy. They understand that people. They un-
derstand the effect such a treatment of them as
ptisonei s would have; and it is with a view of
having that effect as one of the motives that th'-y
will inflexibly and inexorably, ami in every ca=>e,
put them to death whenever they make them cap-
tives with arms 111 their hands.
One of the strangest delusions that ever took
possession of sane men is this confidence that
gentlemen seem to have in the efficiency of the
negro; and this further belief, especially of my
honorable friend fiom Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] that
there is going to be a peifeet comity between the
white forces nod the negio forces when they arc
to be brought into the same field and into the same
armies. I will read one or two matters of fact,
as they appe ir to he, which are published in the
newspapers beating on that matter. Here is an
extract from the True South:
"The entire population of Beaufort and the islands are
now on the ijm vive lor the approaching Unci sales. Opin-
ions, of the mo-i diveisc ch.uactor are entertained on the
subject. It N confidently a^ei ted that the sale? mil be
postponed, but man} are as confident that they will go on.
Some regard an investment in them as the wildest specu-
lation, while others consider the prospect of fortune to be
made, by the cultivation of* the king of staples as very fair.
Some think the bidding will he spirited, and others that few
will be found «o foolish as to invest in what may soon pass
into rebel hands, either by a peace or by an occupation by
confederate forces."
Here is the point to which I call attention:
"One thing is certain, the. sooner the plantations pa??
into private hands, the better for the laborcis now upon
them. If the capacitv of the negro for persistent and profit-
able labor is cvei to be pioved, it must be done by private
enterprise."
Now I will read an extract from Hilton Head,
published 111 a northern paper. It says:
{{II11/ion Head. February 2, 1863.
" The negro expedition from St. Mary's has just returned.
It was composed of fourcompames of the negio regiments.
They went alter negio lecnnts and lumber. They got to-
gether a lot of negroes, but they refused to come away, and
were left behind Thev did not succeed in getting any
lumber. The transports were fired at fiom the shores. Cap-
tain Jack Chiton, of the steamer John Adams, was lulled
by a ball thiou^h the head. Ihs io-s is regretted by ail.
" The expedition succeeded in bringing off lour non-com-
batant-4. The town ot St. Maiy was hurued by the negroes.
The negroes landed and encamped at *St. Maiy's. During
the night twenty tebeU on hoi-cbaek made a dash jnfo
then camp, when the negio v.-fired in every direction, <uid
then stampeded for the transpoits, throwing aicay their guns.
They lushed pelt i e|| on hoaid, and created the greatest
confu-ion. The rebels fiied tiom high bluff*4, and our
tioops could not elevate their <runsenough to do much ex-
ecution Repot i sa\s that two icbels were killed and five
wounded
" Pa—oncer- by the Arayo furnish the following particu-
lar? of allaiis at Poit llovaf and its. vicinity :
(e it wa> g< nei.illv believed tii.it Cbailoton would be at-
Mcki d by land and sea in about three weeks. The prepa-
rations !or the bombaidmont, however, did not appear to
be as extensive a* the magnitude of the work should com-
mand :}
I am afraid they are deficient in that respect.
I hope not.
<e Notwithstanding the rcports *ent by correspondents,
that the nejrio soldier-) number five thousand, it is asserted
by those who have dailv visited the encampment at Smith's
plantation that the force, all told, consists of only seven
hundred contraband.- Two bundled of these, who were
recently ^cut to Fe maud ma, Flouda, to invite the slaves of
lebek to join them, having tailed in their efforts returned
to Poit lioyal a few day- since. Notwithstanding all tiie
pel-native eloquence of General lhmtei, the conliabands
will not enlist.and it issaid tnegenetal intend- ultimately
to dralt them. Although tnotwmus of( eoloied Amei leans
of Aftican descent' me leceivmg Government rations
white soldiers aie obliged to load and discharge vessels
in the doek*.
'• General Hunter reeentlv rev jewvd the white regiment'4
at St Helena Island. Nothing woithy of remailc occurred
on the occasion; but it was noticeable that no enthusiasm
was manifested
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit me
to inquire what he is reading from ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is a letter written to the Hart-
ford Times.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the gentleman know the
correspondent ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman let me con-
tinue the reading? 1 shall not be long.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to inquire if the
Senator does not know that that is a secession
paper.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give you something from
a paper that is not seccsh, if you will just have a
httle patience. I find the following statement m
another paper:
! "Geneial Humeri- daily becoming moic nnpopulni with
] the aim_v, and a iumoi that Geneial Hurn-ide would be ap-
! pointed to Mipei-edelum has cau-ed geneial jo\ among the
I UOop-.
I -*ln ac-c^ida-iee with r.uthoiity received fiom the War
! Depaitei'to, G-'iieial UiusHi ha- a-Mimcd i>inndiei Gen-
I eial H'lvtou. nnhtai} ^veinor, to do duty with the noop-
Gem iai ha\tou ha-, ee >n placed iu command of the foice-
at Bfao'ost. r<*lievuig C< h<nel Good'-1, of the forty-seventh
i Penn-N ivama volunteer-."
| I do imt know, and I can only conjecture why
Colonel Goode was so relieved. It was because
he was not as black an abolitionist as General
Iluntci. I do not know what other reason there
couid ha\e been for it. Here are some facts that
are known to us all:
"On Mondav. the 16th of February, Brigadier General
Thomas G Stev'-nson was placed in an est by Geneial ti ou-
ter. Geneial Stevenson entered the set wee a-4 co'onei of
tiie tweiitvfouitn Mas-aehusett* volunteei-. and wi-pio
. moted lot a.illantand inei iionou- set vice in North Carolina.
Ill- biigud'e i - u poi t.on oi Genera! Xaglc:'.- division, which
lemibrecd the tfoutn Catoima dt-paitment some dn\*o since.
The eiieiini-tanee- which led to lu- arrest are thu- related
in letter-11om Hilton Head:
; t£ Geneial rfteven-on. on uisairival at Port Roval, called,
j m company with seveial membeis ot his stati, at the cu&-
! tom-house, the officers ot winch aie mainly Boston men
and former acquaintances of the general. -While'there the
conversation turned upon the subjcct of negro tmops,the
general stating emphatically that he was opposed to arm-
ing the blacks. A conversation, substantially as follows,
ensued:
a i well,' said one of the gentlemen present* * I had
rather the negroes would fight for us than for the rebels-'
The general responded that he had no evidence yetihat
tue confederates used negro troop- against us; T>ut if they
did it was no reason why we should fight with the saitte
allies. < Hut,* interrupted an officer of his staff, 'yoa know
that black troops were successfully used in the war of-the
Revolution.'' That was a different war.' kAnd you J?now/
continued the officer, ' that General Jackson employed
black men at New Orleans, and publicly thanked them for
their services.' (I don't care anything about that,' was the
reply. ' Circumstances were not the same as now. I don't
want to fight with a negro.5 'Hadn't you rather have them
for us than against us." 'No, <ur.' < But, general, you had
rather employ them than to be beaten ?' 4 No, sir; I had
not.'
" Several days afterwards a formal complaint was made to
General Hunter of the language u-^ed by General Steven
son, and the following older was at once issued :
Headquarters Department ok ihe South,
Hilton Head, Port Royal, S o., Feb. 16, 1862.
Brigadiei General Thomas & Stevenson having stated
publicly in the custom-house of Port Royal, Hilton Head
Ibhmd, that he would rather be beaten than cooperate with
a ceitaiu class of noops authorized by the Government, lie
is hereby placed in arrest, and ordered to report iu arrest
to the post commander, Hilton Head, where he will re
main nutti the plcasuic of the Piesident in his case can
be made known.
By command of Major General David Hunter:
CHARLES G. HALPINE,
Jlwstant Jidjutant General, Tenth Jli my Corps.
" Piior accounts have informed us that a difference had
arisen between Generals Hunter and Foster concerning
then respective commands, and the latter had deptirted for
Washington ; General Huntoras«umed command of all the
troops m a general order, and directed that the transporta-
tion hroughidown should be unnecl&yerto Colonel Elwell,
chief (pun term.ister, and that the heads of the various staff
departments among the new troops should at once leport
to the proper officers at the department headquarters-. This
they failed to do, and one of them, Captain Slaght, Gener-
al Foster's quartermaster, was accordingly placed in ai-
I rest. They alleged that, as membeis of General Foster's
staff, they were not bound to receive oideis from any other
general. " On the 19th, Geneml Hunter terminated the dif-
ficulty by issuing the following order, directing the entire
staff to return to their posts in North Carolina:
Headquarters, Department of the South,
Hilton Head, Pout Koyal, S. C-, Feb. 19, 1863.
Two menbers of General Foster's staff, now sojourning
within the limits of this depaitment, having been engaged
m sending noi th a steamer belonging to this command, and
necos.saiy for the opeiations nhout to commence—such
steamer being sent away clandestinely, and without the
knowledge, con-cnt, or order oi the major geneial com-
manding—and it being found that many, it not ail, the mem-
ber* of General Fo^tei's staff have Indulged m statements
and i emai k? tending to create disaffection, insubordination,
and mutiny, it i- hereby ordered that alt the members of
the -taff of Major Geneial John G. Foster, commanding the
depaitment of Noith Carolina, now within the limits of the
department ot the South, shall quit this department by the
fnr-t y-te.imer going North.
By command ol Majoi Geneial D. Hunter:
CHARLES G. HALPINE,
Assistant Jidjutant General, Tenth Army Corps."
Now we see what that is. I do not know, my-
self, from what State General Foster comes. I
will thank some gentleman to tell me.
M r. WILSON, of Massachusetts. New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. DAVIS, fie is a northern man. Here is
General Stevenson, a northern man from Massa-
chusetts. Both of them have distinguished them-
selves in the Southern department. I have read
the earnest protest of General Stevenson against
the employment of negroes in our Army and be-
ing associated with them as a part of the United
States forces. I suppose, General Poster being
a noi them man, that hit. staiF arc northern men,
and all Ins staff neem to have formed the some
• judgment in lelation to thi^ sort of force and to
! have expressed themselves in the same way; and
! the consequence w.is that the major general com-
' mandmg, General Hunter, found it necessary to
order them all from South Carolina back into
North Carolina. And yet gentlemen pretend to
assume that the employment of negroes is going
to be acquiesced in; that it will produce no feel-
ings of revulsion m the minds or in the hearts of
the white soldiers. That is a great delusion.
But the most serious point of view in which it
presents itself is, that us this class of individuals
are found in our armies with arms in their hands
and are captured, they will be put to death at once.
Gentlemen may be willing to meet that state of
things, and the bloody, revolting, and ciuel issue
which it tenders. They may be willing to accept
it. They will have to accept it. H has ulieady
commenced. Ihave seen no denial of the slaughter
of all the negro teamsters who were taken near
Stone river. I have seen no denial of the putting
