THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcfi 2;
structicm of the law about paying for steamboats
and engines. It is the seventh section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator that that section was
stricken out in committee, and the Senator can
now move to insert it in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
willbe read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That section two of
the act approved March 3,1849, entitled ♦' An act to provide
for the payment of hordes and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military seivteu of the United States," shall
bfc constiuf'd to include steamboats and other vessels, and
raihoad engines and cars in the property to be allowed and
paid (or when destroyed or lost under the circumstances
provided ior tn said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. I offer the following as an
additional section:
Jiiul be it further enacted, That there be added to the offi-
cers now in the quartet master'*; department of the Army, hy
regular promotion therein, one colonel, four Iicmemint colo-
nels, and eight majors, who shall have tuu same tank in
said department as other olficeis of like gtade,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A proposi-
tion of that kind has been voted on and stricken
out to-day by a decisive vote. I hope (tie Sena-
tor will not press it.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the thiid time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for the yeas and
unys on the. passage of the hill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2G, nays 10; as follows:
YF> AS—Messrs. Chandler, Clmk, Colhmer, Cowan,
Di*cimi, Dool11!Ip, l-V-scmli'ii, Foot, J'\>s>tei, II.elan, li.uti.-,
Hendewm. flicks, Ilmvaid, Howe, Lati<- ol Indiana, Lane
of Kauris, .Mm rill, Ne-mtith, Pomerov, Sumner, I'cii l\\ ok,
Tiumbull, Wjllej, VViiiuoi, and VV l-on of Massachu-
setts—\!b.
NAVS--iMe«-rs. Davis, Gnnies, Hauling, King Powell.
Richani-on, .sautslmiy, JSheunan, Wall, and Wil-on of
Uli^omi—10.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the title was amended so as to read, " An act to
promote the efficiency of the corps of engineers
and of the ordnance department, tjuid for other
purposes."
DAY tOIL PRAYER AND HUMILIATION.
Mr. HARLAN submitted I he following lesolu-
tion for consideration; which was ordered to be
printed:
HcsoJcc(K That,df'VoutK recogniziu« the • npretnc author
ity and just government ol Almmhiv Uod in all itie athurs
of iie-n Uii.l ol nation*,, and sinet u Iv behoving ih.it no peo-
ple; howexei «ieat in nuinhriif and tesouiees-, oi liowcvi'i
stiong in the justice of their cau-e, t ;m pio.-pei without
Mis lavoij and at the same tunc d< ploiing the national o!-
ieiises w hit h have piovoki d Hi-tiu'hteous judgment, yet
encouuged, in this day o1 tioubl*', b\ the assutanei1-; of His
woid (o seek Hun lor sueeoi aeeotding to His appointed
way, thiough Je-ni- <;bi i-t, Hie Senate ot the United States
do hoivbj leqttiist tin- Pi eM<iein oi ilu; United States, by his
proclamation, to designate and set apart a dav toi national
piayer and humiliation, teque.st.ng all the people ol I he
laud to -u-pi nd then set til.it pniMiits and unite in keeping
the day in solemn communion with IheLoid ot flo.^,sup
piieahug linn to enlighten the counsels and dtteet the pol-
icy ol tin- nileis ot the nation, ami to support ail om sol-
dier-, -aibus, and matine-., and the whole people, in the
fiim dischniL'e of dim, until the exiting rebellion shall be.
ovei tin own and tin; blessings ol puace ic&toied to our bleed-
ing countij.
riill'IlONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented the memonai of Wil-
liam Cornell Jewell, praying for immediate action
upon the bill now ponding, piovidin^ for the ad-
mission of the Territory of Coluiado into the
Union as a State on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. (iKIAILCS piesented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the City Councils of the city of Wash-
ington, piayii-^ ior an appropriation to aid in re-
pairing the sti > efs of that eity; wInch was rcfei red
to the Committee on the Pistuct of Columbia,
i N X E H N A 1, 1110 \ K N U10 CILL.
Mr. FE^SEPs DEN". 1 mew- to take up House
bill No. 770, lo amend' the act to provide internal
revenue.
The molten was. agreed to; and the bill (EI. R.
INc. 770) tt> am 'in! an actentuled " An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
awl pay interest on the pumic debt,"approved
July 1, 1862, and for other purposes, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say, in reference to
this bill, that U is a very long one, and the read-
ing will take considerable time. It has been very
carefully examined by members of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and some amendments are pro-
posed to it. Unless it is desired that the bill should
be read at length by the Clerk, I think it would
be as well to dispense with the reading; but, of
course, if any gentleman desires it to be read, that
cannot be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The readmg can be dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POWELL. Let the bill be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be read, then, i
suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will proceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I would suggest, by way
of saving time, that as we come to amendments
m the course of the reading, they be acted on
without reading the bill all over first, and then
going back to take up each amendment. The ori-
ginal bill and amendments are both upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be puisued.
The Secretary read the first section of the bill,
as follows:
Bi it enacted, v$*r , That an act entitled An act to pro-
vide internal levenue to suppoit the Government and pay
inteiest on the public debt," approved July 1, 1863, he,
and the -same heieby is, amended as heteinauer set toitli,
namely: ,
Thai wherever any written notice, or other instrument
in wilting, i-< required, tne&ruiic shall be lawful i( wntten
oi paiiiy wiitlcn and punted.
Thai ^eeiion eleven he, and heiehy w, amended as to
authoiize a^ivtant n^-^oi- to peinnui any duties theieiu
linpox'd upon
Thai section nun teen be so amended that the deputy
collet1 tor, a-- well a-, the collet*tor, may peiluim all the duties
requited of the s.ml eollectoi in the said M'ction ; and any
nonce retpiued liv sud section to peiton^ who neglect to
pav' their t«i.ve> may he >ent hy mail or led at the dwelling*, or
uMial [dace?, oi bie-ines.s ol s,uch peiM)iis,it'any they iiave,
wutten oi punted, ami >ani imtiee sh.Ul state the amount
of duty or tax for whu It such p< rsons aie liable, including
the ten percent, additional, as provided toi in said section,
demanding pa>mon: of tiie same; and with respect to all
such duties oi lave*, a^ arc not included m the annual lists
as provided foi m - ai<l sseetiou, and all taxes, and duties the
collection of which is not otherwise provided foi in said
act, it shall he the duty ol each collector m pet-son oi by
deputy tn demand pajinent tlu'ietoi, in the mannet pro-
vided, within ten da\ s iitjm and alter the expiration ol the
tune within which Mieh dutv or nx should have been pmct;
and ;utv cop> ot diMtauit shall lie lett at the dwelling or
u-ual place ol bn-ine--' of the ownei or po« i«<'>-sor of th .•
piopeity di^tianted : l'iovu!e<I. That such -peoial demand
bhali not be uecc.^sai \ in te-pect to t.ixes a^e^ed b} section
h>-vi'uiy hc\en til --aid act. «
That section twentv-eisfht be, and hen'hy i<. amended,
by striking out flit* words "loifeit and pav the sum ol $f>00,r
and luseitingin lieu Uietenl "upon conviction thcieol b> a
eout t of eonipt'toiit jui i^dtction, toilcitand pay the sum t l
.•JOUO, oi he imprisoned foi a fun not exceeding two year-,
at the discretion of the couit."
That seeium tbriy-thiee be amended hy striking out the
following wools- "and miv person who-hall u-e any cask
or packiige to uuuked, tot the puipoae ofselhng^piritsot a
rjuahtv dilfen nt fioni Unit >o m-pected, -hall Im* -ubject to
u like penalty tor each ea-k or pat kagc so ust_d,"aud in-
beumif m lien iheient '-and an\ peison who sinill fiaudu-
lentlv u--e any ca-k.or package so maiked for the puipo-e
ol selling any other spirit- rhnn fh.it so inspected, tn soi
selling spit its of a (jualitv or quantity dirt'etenf f 10m that >o
inspected, shall be subject to a like penalty, as piovided,
loi each ca-k or package so used."
Thai section loitv-lour be, and heieby is, amended, by
strikingous tiie wools *• to be contiffuous to-ueli distilleiy."
That set tion sixty-four be. and heieby i<, so amended,
" that no liet use .-hall bi! lequued ot an attorney having
taken out a Ueen-e a-, such in conseqn^nce of being em-
ployed to putciiase, lent, oi seil leal e-tatc, o  to collect rent
theieon ioi odieis in the oidmaiv etmiseot Im-iues-^;" in
paiairiaph nuinbt i sixteen by insertinu attei the woid t.iv-
ein-'," u oi t aling houses hy adding to paragiaph number
tw entv-eight the lollowing woids : kt nor shall apothecaries
who have taken out a license as such be lequired to take
l out a license as ictad dealers in liquoi-* m conscquencc of
1! selling alcoholand in paragraph number twenty-nine !>v
Jiiseiung attei the word '* tneiehandise/' "or who sh.'ili
maiiuiacture b\ hand oi machinery, lor any other person,
oi person's, g"od-, wares, or ineichandise ,J
The firat aniendoient was in line sixty-one, to
insert, after the woid 4i taverns," the words t{ the
words;" so as to read "by insert tn«r, after the word
4 taverns,' the words 'or eating houses.' "
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sec-
tion, as follows:
That section sixty four he, and hereby is, further amend-
ed by adding, at tin- end theieot, tiie toPowmg p'iragtaplis :
 ' 34. Arehitccu a id < ivii t-nguict r.-, shall pay Kui dollars
for tacb !ieen-e. Eveiy person whose bdsiness it is to plan,
design, or superintend tiie construction of buildings, or
ships, or of roads, or bridges, or canals, or railroads, shall
be regauled as an architect and civil engineer under this
act: Piorided, That this shajl not include a practical car-
penter who labors on a hmlding.
'*35. Builders and contractors shall pay twenty-five dol-
lars for each license. JBvety person whose business it is to
eoustiuet buildings, or ships, or bridges, or canal?, or rail-
roads by contract, shall be regarded as a builder and eon-.
tiactor under this act: Provided, That no license shall be
lequued fiom any person whose building contracts do not
exceed §2,,500 in any one year.
u 36. Stallions and jacks, owners of, shail pay ten dollars
for each licence. Every person who keeps a maie^iorse or
a jackass for the use of mates, requiring or receiving pay
therefor, shall he lequued to take out a license under this
act, which shail contain a buef description of the animal,
its age, and place or places wheie used or to he used : Pro-
vided., That all accounts, notes, or demands, lor the use of
any such hoise or jack without a license, as aforesaid,shall
be invalid and of no force in any court of law or equity.
" 37. Lottuy ticket dtaleis shall pay $1,000 for each li-
cense. Every peison.a—octal ion, fii in, orcoi potation who
shall nuke, sell, or oiler to sell, lottery tickets or fractional
paits thereof, or any token, certificate, oi device represent-
ing oi snte nued torepiesent a lottery ticket or any fiactional
part theteof, oi am policy of numbers iri any lottery, orshall
manage any lottety oi piepure scheme* of lottenes, or su-
pei intend the thaw ing ot an) lottyij. shall be deemed a lot-
teiy Ticket dealet under this act
'*38 litsiiianee agents shall pay ten dollars for each li-
cense. Any person who shall act as agentol any fne, ma-
nne, life, mutual, oi other in-uiance company or compa-
nies, shall be tegaided <\-> an in-uianee agent under this act:
Piovided, That no license shall be lequued of any insurance
aiient or biokei whose icceipis, a  such agent, are less than
the sum of ,^300 in any one year.
u 3D. Butchei'- shall paj ten dollai < for each licence. Every
petson whose bu-iues-5 tt is to sell butcheis' meat at letail
shall be Kgarded a- a bntchct undci this act: Piocidet
That no butcher having taken out a license, and paid ten
dollars there foi, shall be leqniied to take out a hcotise as
ii'tail dealet on account of selling othei article3 ntthe same
stote, stall, oi pi causes: Provided, fuilha . That butchers
who i etail butclieis' meat exclusively I torn a eait or wagoti,
by tuem-elves or agent^, shall be reqflued to pav five dol-
lais onlv (oi each license, an) exi-ting law to the contrary
noiw ithstandmg, and having taken out a license thetelor
shall not be lequired to take out a license as a peddler tor
retailing butebeis' meat, as afoiesaid : Jlnd provided, fur-
ther, That no licence shall be roquued of a butcher whose
annual sales do not exceed $1,000.
'• '10. Retail de.ileis shall pay fen dollars foDcnclt license.
Evei \ per-on u ho^c; business, or occupation it is to sell or
otler tor sale any good-, waie«, oi nieiehanilisc of foreign
ot domestic pioduetion, not including wme«, spintunus or
malt liquois, hut not excluding (hugs, medicines, cigan,
sijulf, oi tobacco, and whose annual salary exceed $1,000
and do not exceed $'25,000, shall be icgarded as a retail
dealet under this act.
" 11. Wholesale dealers, whose annual sales do not ex-
ceed .«50,000, shall pay $25 lor each license; if exceeding
.•$50,000 and not exceeding §100,000, shall pay $50 lor each
hceuM:; exceeding $100,000 and not exceeding ^'250,000,
shall paj j^'IOO foi each license ; ex< eeding$5.)0,006and*T ot
exeeedum ^500,000, shall pay $000 tor each license; ex-
cel dim? ,^'500,000 and not csce^dum $1,000,000 shail pay
§3v'0 toi each license; n\ceedm  $1,000.000 and not cx-
cc'dui" .•^••1000,000, sj),ill pay $300 toi each license; ox-
ceedinff $2,000,000, shall pav $&0 !<>i every $1,000,000 ta
excess ot -S-,000,000, m addition fo the $">00 Every per-
son shall be it saiih-d as a wholesale d>\il<-i under this act
w ho-e business or occupation it is to sell oi oftei to sell any
goo,|s} wares, oi meiehandisc of foieign or domestic pro-
duction, notmcludin"distilled spit it^, termented liquors, or
wiue^, hot not excluding dnigs, tnedicine<, en;ar«, fctiitff,
tobacco, oi any peison whose ahuual sales exceed S2o,000.5>
The Commiitce on Finance proposed, after the
word " tobacco," in line one hundred and fifty-
five, to strike out the words tl or any person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sec:
tion, as follows:
*• And the license requited bv any wholesale dealershall
not be tor a led? amount than his sale^ (or the previous
veai, unless he has made or proposes to make some change
tn his business that will obviously reduce tiie amount of
his annual sales ; nor shall any license as wholesale dealer
allow any such pei-on to ,iet as a colonics cial bioker : Pro-
vided, That any license understated may be again a&-
se-M'd.
:*-i-2. Wholesale deakr< in Iiqui rs slmll pay for each li-
eeiisothe amount icquired in this act for license to whole-
sale dealers. Evety person, other than the distiller or
biewet, who shall sell or offer tot sale any distilled spirits,
fermented liquor, and wines of all kinds-, in quantities or
more than thice gallons at one time, or whose annual sales
«ball exceed $25,000, shall take out a license as a whole-
sale dealei in hquoix.
" 43. IletaJ dealeis in hqnots shall pay for each liecnse
the anitiunt required m this act for license to tetail dealers."
The Committee on Finance proposed in line one
hundred and seventy-two, after the word " pay/'
to ms' it " twenty dollars," and to strike out all
after the word " iiccnse," in line one hundred and
seventy-lhiee*, to the word " denleis," inclusive,
id line one hundred and seventy-four, so as to
make the clause read:
43 Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty dollars for
each license.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the section was continued, as
follows:
" Every person other than a distiller or brewer, whoshali
