1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5U
of years. The committee conclude that the im-
mediate distress of these people may be relieved
by the appropriation of$100,000, to be withdrawn,
not properly from the Treasury, but to be taken
out of this annuity fund which otherwise would
have been paid over to the Indians, had they not
violated theii treaty obligations, and forfeited their
rights under their treaties with the United States.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, the amount of
§100,000 proposed to be appropriated here, would,
m my opinion, leave these persons in no better con-
dition a year hence than they are now, ifas good;
and if the Senate shall see fit to think $1,500,000
too much, 1 hope they will at leastconsent to in-
crease the amount to the amount of annuities now
due and that will be due during the coming fiscal
year. Their annuities for the present fiscal year
nave not been expended.
Mi. HARLAN. I will state to the Senator
from Minnesota that I was willing in committee,
and am now willing, to make the amount$l50,000;
but a majority of the committee thought $100,000
was sufficient to afford immediate relief to these
people.
Mr. DOOLITTLE., If the honorable Senators
will allow me to say a single word, I wish to say,
that while a majority of these bands of Indians have
violated their treaties, and have committed these
depredations, there are a portion of these tribes of
Indians who have been faithful to the whites, have
defended them,and saved theirlivesin Minnesota.
Out of the $150,000 of annuities to be appropriated,
we have put at the disposal of this commission
$100,000 to aid the people of Minnesota, and
$10,000 to pay the expenses of the commission,
leaving $40,000to bedistribnted by the Indian de-
partment. We have got to make some provision
for the Indians who have been faithful.
Mr. RICE. I believe but five or six of the
Indians writ- faithful.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There has been a petition
forwarded here, and certified to by the colonel in
command and by the agent, signed, I think, by
over sixty heads of Indian families.
Mr. RICE. They will sign anything. They
would all sign a paper to-day staung that they
were good Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They are certified to by
the person in command, who certifies on his own
knowledge of the Indians, some sixty of them,
besides their families. It was some what because
of this uncertainty as to how many of these
fiiendly Indians are upon our hands, that a ma-
jority of the committee were unwilling to take the
whole of tins appropriation and put it at the dis-
position of the commission for the payment of
damages to the people of Minnesota.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, nobody
can regret more than ! do, the inisfoi runes which
have happened to the people of Minnesota; but we
must be very careful in legislating' on the subject
that we do not allow ourselves to run wild incon-
sequence of our sympathies. Now, when you
come to a matter of strict justice as between one
set of people and another, the Senators from Min-
nesota will perceive they are no worse off in many
particulars in Minnesota than are a portion of the
people of the State of M issouri whose country has
been ovenun, whose farms have been devastated,
whose property has been destroyed, and they
themselves left not worth a sixpence in the woi Id,
not by the incui sions of Indians, but by the incur-
sions of white enemies. Nobody pretends that
we are under any legal obligation of any kind or
description to make provision for those people out
of the Tieasuiy of the United States, It is one ;
of the misfortunes of war that people must suffer; j
that a portion of the people must suffer moi e than !
otheis; and that they cannot upon any legal pnn- i
ciple have any claim for particular remuneiation; !
because if a Government is bound to make good ]
all the losses that occur to its people by land and ^
sea in consequence of a war, there is an end of j
government: for no Government would be able to -
do it. It would make a debt that nobody could I
stand, if the country itself was attacked. There- !
fore, when our friends fi\ m Minnesota come here |
and depict the miseries of their people m conse- 1
quence of this war, we might pomt them to the I
people of Missoimnnd other sections who have ;
been overrun by white enemies, wheie the same ,
devastations have been committed, with equal de- ;
struction of property, and equal misery inflicted; :
or at least, if not equal, there was an entire de-
struction of their property; their houses were
burned, their farms devastated, and everything
done that amounts to destruction. Of course, it
was not so horrible in its nature; but the principle
was the same precisely. If the people of Minne-
sota should come here and ask us on a general
principle to remunerate them for their losses out
oftheTreasury of ihe United States,and we should
do it, we are establishing a pnniciple that will
perhaps double our debt—I may speak rather
largely—before we get through with settling up
the expenses of the war when you take the losses
by land and sea.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will excuse
me. I am going to draw a distinction. It so hap-
pens, however, that the people of Minnesota are
better off than those of other sections in conse-
quence of the fact that the policy of the Govern-
ment has been to pay for the depredations made
by Indians upon settlements, and in consequence
of the fact that we have a fund belonging to those
Indians. The people of Minnesota who have suf-
fered, can be remunerated, therefore, when the
people of other sections of the country who have
suffered from depredations of white persons can-
not. They aie in so much better condition; and
when they come here and portray these sufferings,
they should reflect on the same kind of sufferings
endured by other people of the country; not, per-
haps, to so great an extent, but with no prospect
of remuneration fiom any quarter.
Now, sir, what is proposed? Here is a fund
for these Jndians. If I believed that, in conse-
jl quence of this appropriation for the people of Mi ti-
ll nesota out of this fund, I was establishing a prc-
|{ cedent which could be used against us by peopl^
j; of other sections of the country, by those who
|i have lost property at sea by piratical depredations,
\< and maueis of that description—a principle by
|! which they could come in here and say,''you
|! have provided for the calamities of war to pay the
people of Minnesota, and, therefore, you must
provide to pay the people of Missouri for the ca-
lamities of war, and the people in other sections
who have suffered by the destruction of proper-
ty''— I should feel compelled to vote against it;
for no Government in the world ever permitted
that principle, or can permit n.
Mr. WILKINSON. This bill is not based on
that principle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say if I supposed thus
bill did open that question, and establish such a
precedent, 1 should be compelled to vote against
it; because it would be impossible to get along on
such a principle as that, it is one of the inevita-
ble misfortunes of war that a certain poi tion of the
people must suffer fiom their exposed and pecu-
liar condition. Those thing3 bi mg inevitable, and
it being, from the natuie of the case, impossible
to remunerate them, they must take the conse-
quences like all others to whom peculiar misfor-
tunes happen. One man has his house burnt in
the night, and his propet ty all destroyed; another
has not. The community is not expected to make
it good unless it sees lit to do so from motives of
charity. Some people must be moie unfortunate
than others, owing to then peculiarly exposed sit-
uation. But, sir, this distinction is made in this
pai ticular case, and I am not prepared to say that
it is not a proper distinction. Here is an Indian
fund, out of which these damages could be paid;
and I am willing that that Indian fund, so far as
proper, should be appropriated to that purpose;
but our fnends from Minnesota, not content with
their much better position than the position in
winch other people are placed tu consequence of
the war in other .sections of the country, not only
ask that we shall pay them that, but ask that we
shall anticipate payments thatate to be made, per-
haps, some fifteen or twenty-two years hence,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Forty years.
Air. FESSENDEN, Forty years hence. Not
content with the payment of the fund that is for-
feited by the hostile Indians, they ask that we
shall pay o'so to them the fund that is forfeited
by fnenuly Indians; tluu we shall take it allfiom
the tribe. Because a pai t of them committed these
depredations, we are to deprive the whole of them
of the money that belongs to them, and pay it all
over to the people of Minnesota, and make no
exceptions.
Mr. WILKINSON. There will be Jl,000,000
left.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of the
bill. I am speaking of the amendment proposed
by the Senator's colleague, which 1 understand
the Senator to advocate.
Mr. WILKINSON. That leaves #1,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have not got to .that
part. It ia not $1,000,000 a year we pay them;
we pay them #150,000 a year. What is the
first proposition ? It is that we shall make a dis-
tinction between those who have committed the
depredations and those who have not; that we
shall not pay over the fund which would belong
to the friendly portion of the tribes who have not
committed these depredations,butshallretain that
to pay them; which is eminently just. The peo-
ple of Minnesota, through their Senators, ask
more than that; that you shall not only take what
belongs to these hostile Indians, those who have
committed depredations, but what belongs to the
friendly Indians, also, and pay it to them. The
chairman of the committee says the bill as drawn
was predicated upon that very idea.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator misappre-
hends it entirely, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I do, I shall be happy
to bo corrected.
Mr. WILKINSON. The theory of the bill
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of the
theory of the bill, I am speaking of the theory of
the amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. The theory is the same
precisolyin both. It only differs in amount. Here
are some ten thousand Indians who enter into
treaty stipulations withtheGovemmentas a tribe,
or ns several tribes, and who engage in hostilities
against the Government of the United States; and
from among those ten thousand Indians there hap-
pened to be thirty Indians, I believe, who have
labored and excited themselves to save some white
people from massacre. The Government in this
very bill proposes to take care of those isolated
cases, while it remains in the bill that the Indians
as a whole\ in the aggregate, were engaged in these
hostilities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not come to that.
How is it that they ask that the whole shall be
paid to them, and then the Government is to put
its hand in its pocket, and instead of taking care of
the friendly Indians out of their funds, is to take
this money out of the Treasury of the United
States?
Mr. WILKINSON. I beg the Senator's par-
don.
Air. FESSENDEN. The last section of the
bill provides that they shall have one hundred and
sixty acres of land and fifty dollars a year.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator does not un-
derstand either the theory of the original bill, or
theamendment which was submitted by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affuiis. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs propose to appropriate two thirds of
the amount of the annuities, leaving one thiid of
this fund for the care of those Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; and that is
what I am advocating. I want to stand by the
committee, and not take the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator's colleague. I am con-
tending against the amendment, and not against
the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. Even in that case, if the
amendment of my colleague be adopted, it will be
nearly the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will wait
until I come to that part of the proposition, he will
have my answer to that. 1 have icferred to the
last section of the bill simply to show in what
way the committee propose to take care of these
: friendly Indians. They propose to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to set apart for each of
them one hundred and sixty acres of the pub-
he land and pay him fifty dollars a year as long
as he lives. To that system of pensioning J am
entirely opposed, and I shall move to strike out
that section.
Now, sir, what do the committee say? I agree
with the committee. They have acted with giear
wisdom. Until there is an examination made, it
is impossible to say whether thirty, forty, or fifty
or more of the individuals of these different tiibes
; were leallyengaged in this attack upon the whites;
: and they say, therefore,we will take the risk
i of going as far as two thirds of it, and appropii-
' ate that, at all hazards, for the benefit of the peo-
