512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
pie of Minnesota, to begin with; we will help
them; we will give them something out of the pay
that is due this year to these Indians; we will help
them to that extent; and we will retain the bal-
ance of tiie fund until we ascertain how much we
shall beobhged to pay over to thosewhoremained
friendly, and how much there may be left of the
fund." That is the theory of the bill, if I under-
stand it, as explained by the chairman of the com-
mittee; and that is a correct theory, in my judg-
ment. It goes upon a correct principle.
The Senator fiom Minnesota [Mr. Rice] pro-
poses that, instead of doing that, you shall just
proceed to calculate how much this fund may be
worth when it becomes payable at the end of forty
years, and the Government of the United States
are, in this case, to abandon their old policy of
paying itoutof the funds belonging to the Indians,
ana are to find out how much it will be worth,
and to pay it in advance of forty years; and that,
too, at a period when we are struggling for life to
get money enough to carry on the Government
and meet the war that is upon us. At such a time
as the present, -we are to anticipate and take out
of theTreasury,in one single amount, $1,500,000,
when al! these heavy burdens ore on the country,
and it is struggling and laboring under them m
order to live. I submit that the Senators from
Minnesota, on behalf of their constituents, are
asking too much of the Government. It is a great
deal that, fortunately, they are in a condition to
be paid at all; to have provision made for them;
that it is a kind of war they suffer under which
entitles them, perhaps, to aid frwn the Govern-
ment. I do not dispute that proposition; but
what I object to is this call upon us to anticipate and
calculate tile annuity foity yrnrs ahead and give
it to these people. If there is a balance left. I sup-
pose they would be willing to give a recemt in
full, though I do not find a receipt in full piovided
for here even if there is a balance, and they miirht
claim the balance even then. 1 nsk Senators if, at
such a time as this, when the Treasury is so de-
pleted that the Government can hardly stagger
under the load it bears, we should advance this
sum,calculating foi ty years ahead, for the benefit
of the people of Minnesota :
I think they ought to he satisfied if the Gov-
ernment, in good faith, sliow'd a disposition m
appropriate tins fund for the!,- benefit, but reserved
to itself, before it put that fund into the hands of
men, and then left it for those who are to claim it
to make up if they could as much as would ex-
haust it, to send commissioners to set; what the
damages aie, and in the mean time to appropriate
a sum to enable ihese people to struggle along.
The idea that they arc to be lenmnrrated at once
is unreasonable in its very 'luuoctei. It is too
much to ask. They have so fiei <* d ; v iul no people
who have suffered ran export to >->0 made whole.
It is sufficient that the Government aid.-: tin m and
helps them in their s'ruiric''' to regain their fornw r
position and what they have lost.
1 am disposed, sir, to support the hill Mibstan-
tially as it stands, as it came from the committee;
but I really trust the Senate will not yield to the
proposition as it originally passed the House of
Representatives. When it passed the [louse, it
struck me as I read it as going beyond any rea-
sonable expectations the' p..oplu of Minnesota
could form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
, is on the amendment *n the amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota.
'1 he amend ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. It is evident that it is useh-ss to
try to get any considerable sum over and above
that reported by the Committee on Indian A flairs;
but as one member of the committee has intimated
bis willingness to give a smallmci rase, twiiJ offer
another amendment; and 1 will Mote that the
amount I propose is already probably due or will
be due tiie coming fiscal year. If I shall not suc-
ceed in this amendment, [ shall call the attention
of the Senate to the second section, which 1 think
is imperfect in many respects as it now stands. \
move in the second section to insert " $300,000"
instead of "§100,000." I think that that is ex-
ceedingly modetate. It will relieve only a part of
the suftercrs. It will enable many of them to go
again upon their farms, and clothe the m the ocmim*
season. °
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 suggest fo niy colleague
to modify the amendment so as to make ihe nmn
! $>200,000, and that will not conflict with the prin-
i ciple upon which the Committee on Indian A Hairs '
I have proceeded in their amendment.
! Mr. RICE. As my colleague has had charge
1 of the bill, I accept his modification. 1 wish, fur-
'} thermore, to amend this second section by adding
!j this proviso:
i! Proud'"!. That flic «um hereby appropriated shall he
j: apnoi tionoj and paid to the clai.riant? under purh rules and
i, regulation's a< the secretary ol the [utrrior may piosciihe.
In the oiiginal bill as reported from the com-
,, mittee, it provides that no more than $200 shall
be given to each head of a family oi each person.
There are cases where peisons who met with
j, losses are amply able to wait. There are others
J who have lost their all, and they certainly should
be provided for first. Then the second section
reods:
That the nun. &c., is hereby appropriated and shall be.
I, paid t'lom the Trra-uiy of the United States our ot any
j money*. not otbonvi^ appropriated, to the comimseionois
!| heieinaftei provided for.
i; These commissioners are notcomnelled to give
li bonds; and I prefer that the money shall bo paid
!' to the claimants from the Treasury of the United
I- States, as the President may prescribe.
li Mr. WILKINSON. I suggest that the qups-
tion be first taken on the proposition as to the sum.
ij Mr. RICE. Very well.
li Mr. WILKINSON, It did not occur to me at
iI the time this matter was last up before the Cotn-
|j mittee on Indian AlTairs, that the stim which was
j! appropriated at the last .session of Congress for
j! annuities had not been expended.
1 M r. FESSENDEN. How much remains un-
expended ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the whole sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That matter should be
reduced to a ceiuunty.
Mr. RICE. The entire amount has not been
expended. The amount for provisions, &c., was
given tr> them; hut there is a sum of over one hun-
dred thousand dollai s left. Their annuity money
had jiu-'t reached them, and there were some
seventy-live or eighty thousand doiiais in thefoit
at the ume they made the attack, and that has
been returned to the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDiiN. I will suggest to Senators
that that matter should be teduced to a certainty.
They should fi.id how much of that sum remains
in the Treasury unexpended, and then take two
thirds <>f that, to cai i y out the pi mciple of the bill,
and not go by a stumps upon the subject at all.
Mr. Vv ILKINSON. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator fiom Maine that the whole sum for the prt s-
ent year, lor which ordinarily we should be called
upon to make an appropriation, is §150,000. That
i nppiopr'ution would have been made, had not this
! outbri ak taken place, at this session of Congress.
1 We made a similar appropriation of $150,000 last
• y< ,<r, u hie 11 would b-\s300,000 foi twoyeai s. Now
my .uiggcstion is that I here shall hi mseited here
' the sum (> i *-,000,000. It cei tain I y brings it with in
: the amount wo would be called upon tu appu-
j pi into.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. If part of (lie money for
i the pnsenf year has been exp> ruled, and already
1 paid over to the Indians, it murht not bring jf
] within that amount.. Suppose, for instance, of
| the **150.000 tins year, they have paid to the In-
! dtans ^100,000, and only $50,000 remained m the
| Tr< asm y,
| _ Mr. WILKINSON. We know the fact that
f it has no* !"•( n done,
| Mr. FLS^ENOEN. Very well. What I ask
i is that the Senate shall reduce it to a cm tainty,
! f nd mid out to acer'ainty ho v. much still ic mains
; m the Treasury, before nxing any sum, and then
; go on some pi mciple, and not 6x it on a guess.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I can suggest the
; language to be in>" ted to miet the case. If, m
addition to the £i00,000 which is mentioned it) the
| section, we shouid fuitiier prowle " ihaf two
. thirds "fthi- balance remuinmgunexpended ofan-
' names due and payable to said Indians for the
I pr "**>n tinea) year not exceeding $100,000,M that
! would ro\er the case, ami would eive two thirds
' of the unexpended balance. With that amend-
ment, i should have no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota. I
! Mr. WILKINSON. I understand the theory
| upon which the committee go, and which I under- ;
j stand the Senator from Maine to accede to is, that j
| we shall not appropriate more money than is due I
! to the Jndiius. 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. More than two thirds.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is no principle in
that. That is a mere question of discretion on
the part of Congress. There is no principle in-
volved in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It Is the principle of thebill.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is a mere question of
discretion for the good wisdom of Congi ess to de-
termine how much of this fund they will appro-
priate; but according to the principle adopted by
the committee we should not go beyond the whole
amount at present due the Indians. Now, this
appropriation of §200,000 will come within the
amount that is due, and which we would be called
upon, under ordinary circumstances, to appro-
priate at this session, including the appropriation
of last year. That money was returned to the
Government. It was sent to Minnesota m gold,
something over-eighty thousand dollars. That
was for the money payment to the Indians. I
believe, as my colleague stated, the payment of
provisions had probably been made. That would
make something over two hundred thousand dol-
lars. I hope the amendment will beadopted; for
I think it is absolutely necessary; and it confines
the phraseology of this bill to the principle which
has been suggested and acceded to by the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. IUCE. It does not interfere with the ob-
jection raised by the Senator from Maine at all.
This coines out of the moneys due them; thatis,
out of any of their annuities; and it leaves enough
at any rate for the benefit of those who leally
should be provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter of opin-
ion. I want to make it a matter of certainty.
Mr. RICE. The entire annuities are confis-
cated. Everything that is due from the Govern-
ment to these Indians by this bill is confiscated
and belongs to the United States, and it makes no
difft-nence whether you appropriate a dollar out of
the annual annuities or not, the Indians can get
nothing. Whether they will evei do so will de-
pond ot] future legislation entirely. The Depart-
ment must have power ^i"en it, or the President
must have power given ium, to provide for such
Indians as are worthy of being taken care of; and
I will admit that a great many of them are. The
women and children, those whom we now hold
as pnsoncrs, must be taken care of. I should
prefer having this amendment adopted as it is. I
think I can see a great many advantages to the
Government in adopting if.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to your
taking the 00,000, beingtwo thirdsofthisyear's
payments, and two thirds of whatever there may
be in the Treasury of last year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have sent an amendment
to the Chair covering that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i have ohered an amend-
ment to that which I understand the Senator from
Minnesota, is willing to accede to, and I will ask
tiie Secretary fo ,vad that.
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment in
section two, after the woid ''that," to insert the
words "two thirds of the balance remaining un-
expended of annuities dueand payable to said In-
dians for the present fiscal year, not exceeding
^100,000, and the further sum of $100,000,"&c.
Mr. RiCE. T|jat includes the two thirds for
the next fiscal year, as well as this.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. Ceifainly.
Mr. RiCE. I am of opinion it will amount to
nearly the same thing. ! hove not had cluugeof
this Niibjcof and i have not examined it as closely
as my colleague, and I should prefer to have his
opinion on tins subject,
Mr. WILKINSON. The difference is so small
that I do not see why the Senator will not assent
to the proposition of my colleague making it
$200,000, I do not think it can transcend the
rules that seem to govern Senators m regard to
this matter, which they seem to insist upon; and
I would much rather have the appropriation di-
rect, that we may know what u is.
Air. RICE. I sliould prefer it in that way.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 hope that the amend-
ment of my colleague will be adopted, making it
$200,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
