1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, of the president, treas-
urer, or some proper officer of said canal company or ca
rial or navigation and slack-water coiporation or turnpike
companies-, that the same contains a tnie ami laithful ac-
count ot the duties so withheld and received during the
time when such duties have accrued or should accrue, arid
not accounted for; and lor any default in the making or
rendering of such list or leturn, with the declaration an-
nexed, us aforesaid, the person or persons owning, pos-
sessing, or having the care or management of such canal
company, or canal, navigation, or black-water corporation
or turnpike eoinpanies, making such default, shall forfeit,
as a penalty, the sum of $500; and in case of any default
in making or rendering said list, or of any default in the
payment of the duty, or any part thereof, accruing or which
should accrue, the assessment and collection shall be made
according to the general provisions of the act to which this
act is an amendment.
The ninth scction was read, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlndbe i£/urMcrenacie<Z,Thatanypersonorper-
sonsj firms, companies,or corporations, owning orpossess-
ing, or having the care or management of any ferryboat or
vessel used as a ferryboat, propelled b£ steam or horse
power, in lieu of the duties now imposed by law, shall be
subject to pay a duty of one and one half of one per cent,
upon the gross receipt* of such ferryboat J and the return
and payment thereof shall be made in the manner prescribed
in the act to which this act is an amendment.
The tenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be 11 further enacted, That on and aftcrthe
1st day ot April, 1833, any person or persons, firms, com-
panies, or coi porations canying on or doing an express busi-
ness ihall, in lieu of the tax and stamp duties imposed by
existing laws, be subject to and pay a duty of two percent,
on the gross amount of all tin; leceipts of such express busi-
ness, and shall be subject to the same provisions, rules, and
penalties as are prescribed in section eighty of the act to
which this is an amendment, for the person?, fiims, com-
panies, or corporations owning or possessing or having the
management of railroads, steamboats, and feiryboats; and
all act* or parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby
repealed.
The eleventh scction was read, as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it fui ther enacted, That in estimating the
annual gdint, profit, or income of any person, under the act
to which this act is an amendment, the amount actually
paid by such person for the lentof the dwelling-house or
estate on which he resides shall be first deducted from the
gams, profit, or income of such person.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, in line four of that
section, the words'4 oi* estate" should be stricken
out. It might include too extensive a plantation.
It is right enough to exempt the dwelling; hut
suppose he hires an estate at a rent of $3,000 or
$4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He must pay for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. He gets an income from
that, and he ought to pay the income tax. The
purpose of the section is to put the occupier of a
rented house on the same footing with the owner
of a house. The owner of a house docs not pay
any rent, nor does he account for the rent of the
house in his income; and a person who hires and
occupies a houso should be on the same footing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will not object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
words " or estate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word " on1'should be
changed to " in;" so as to read, " the dwelling-
house in which he resides."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I doubt whether that amend-
ment is proper. The scction ts that "in estima-
ting the annua! gains, profit, or income of any
person under the act to which this act is an amend-
ment, the amount actually paid by such person
for the rent of the dwelling-house or estate" out
of which the income proceeds should first be de-
ducted. The income arises out of the estate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for in the
general low. The Senator does not understand
the point. This section was designed to put the
occupier of a house who pays rent on an equal
footing in regard to the income tax with the owner
of a house.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it has nothing to do
with the rents of le^l estate. It docs not go so far
as that, fie can deduct that under the existing law.
Mr. COWAN. As I understand, tin s section
is for the purpose of putting the renterof a house
on the same footing with the owner, that the rental
is to be taken out before the income is calculated.
jVIr. SHERMAN. U nder tins section every
man can take the rent paid by him out of his gross
earnings. That makes his net income.
Mr. COWAN. That is provided for in the
general law, is it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sira
Mr. COWAN. Very wcli, then* m
Mr. SHERMAN. This is only to put the oc-
cupier of a house on a footing with the owner of
a house.
The Secretary read the twelfth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That no duty shall be
required to be assessed or collected on beer, lager beer, ale,
or porter, brewed or manufactured, or on coal illuminating
oil, refined, produced by the distillation of coal, asphaltum,
shale, peat, petroleum, or rock oil, when brewed, manu-
factured, or distilled prior to the 1st day of September, 1862,
whether the same was removed for consumption or sale or
not, when the owner, agent, or superintendent of the brew-
ery or premises in which such articles as aforesaid were
made, manufaetuied, produced, or distilled, shall furnish
to the assessor of the district, without costs or expense to
the United States, satisfactory proof that such beer, lager
beer, ale, or porter, or such coal illuminating oil, refined,
produced by the distillation of coal,asphaltum,shale,peat,
petroleum, or rock oil, distilled spirits, cotton or woolen
fabrics, was actually brewed, manufactured, produced, or
distilled prior to the* 1st day of September, I8f)2, as afore-
said. And whenever duties have been paid upon beer,
lager beet, alp, or porter, cotitiary to the provisions herein
contained, and satisfactory pi oof shall be furnished to the
assessor, as hereinbefoie mentioned, the facts and papeis
in relation thereto shall bo transmitted to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and if found correct by him, he is
hereby authorized, under >ueh iemulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall piescribe, to refund and pay to the
proper parties the amount of duties thus collected : Pro
vide d, That, in addition to the 1 factional parts of a batrel
allowed in section fifty of the act to which this act is an
amendment, fractional parts of a barrel may be third* and
sixths when the quantity therein contained is not greater
than such fractional part represents: Provided further,
That tiom and after the passage of this act, and until the
1st day of April, 186-1, theie shall be paid on all beer, lager
beer, ale, porter, and other similar feimented liquors,"by
whatever name such liquois may be called, a duty only of
sixty cents lor each and every barrel containing not mote
than thirty-one gallons, and at a like rate for any other
quantity or for fractional parts ot a barrel: And provided
jurthcr, That the .Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
authorized to make rules providing for deductions on ac-
count of leakage, from the quantity of spiutuous liquors
subject to taxation, under the twentieth section of the act
to which this act is an amendment, not exceeding five per
cent, of the amount removed for sale; and said deductions
shall be so adjusted in the different parts of the United
States as to he proportioned, as nearly as practicable, to
the distances over which the manufacturer usually trans-
ports said liquors for the wholesale thereof; and the owner
of the aforesaid liquors shall be charged with and pay the
expense of ascertaining the leakage.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out all after the word "aforesaid," in line eigh-
teen, to the word "provided," in line twenty-
seven. Tiie words to be stricken out are:
And wherever duties have been paid upon beer, lager
beer, ale, ot porter, contrmy to the provisions herein con-
tained, and satisfactory pioof shall be furnished to the as-
sessor, as hereinbefore mentioned, the facts and papeis in
relation thereto shall be transmitted to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and if found correct by him, iie i«
hereby authorized, under such tegulatious as the Secretary
of the Tieasury shall prescribe, to refund and pay to the
proper parties the amount of duties thus collected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-three,
to strike out " twentieth section of;" so as to read
"under the act to which this act is an amend-
ment," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me, the Senate hav-
ing adopted the amendmentof the committee strik-
ing out a portion of this section from the eigh-
teenth line onward, the Senate now oughtto leject
the previous poition of this section.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Not at all. They are
entirely distinct.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand it, one provides
for paying back a duty which has been collected,
and the oilier for lemuttng a duty. You will not
pay it back where it has been collected, but you
will remit where it has not been collected. Where
a man has been prompt, and has paid the duty
under the law as it stood, you refuse to pay it
back again; but w.here a man has been dilatory,
and has not paid, you propose to remit it. It
seems to me it should not be paid back, nor should
it be remitted. This thing, it strikes me, has all
been settled in the market, and the holders have
got a value now in their possession equal to the
duty that you charged.
Mr, FESSENDEN. The tax is not paid until
it is sold. Where it has been sold, and the duty j
paid, it has been charged to their custotneis. 1
Where it has not been sold, there has been no duty j
paid, and we remit it. Where it has been sold, i
the duty has been charged to their customers, and
the brewers have the money in their pockets, and !
there is no reason why the United States should
pay it back.
Mr. HOWE. Where it has been sold for the
market price, it has keen sold for just such sum
as the holders can take to-day, and could travis
taken any day for the liquor they have on hand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee is differ-
ently informed, by letters on the subject, as to the
rate at which it has been sold. There is no reason
for paying back the duty where the sellers hove
already received it.
Mr. HOWE. I can only say that the effect'of
retaining that is to vote just so much money into
the pockets of those who have held on to their
liquors for an advance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all, for they have
had no pretense on which to charge the advanee.
Mr. HOWE. The price of the article is al-
ready fixed in the market, and you are not going
to reduce it by adopting the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be possible;
but there is not a large quantity of it. Probably
it is not worth while to have a difference with the
other House on the subject; but as to the other
point, if they choose to differ from us we must
insist.
Mr. HOWE. I really hope this amendment of
the House of Representatives will not be adopted;
but I shall not feel authorized to ask for a division.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not suppose that this
section as it now stands will amount to very much
any how. It would not operate on anything ex-
cept ale and beer on hand. All the spirits were
removed before the 1st of October last, before the
law took effect. The duty has been paid on ale
and beer that has been removed smcc that time.
The only operation it would have would be to re-
lieve from duty the ale or beer in vats in the brew-
eries manufactured prior to the first of September
last. The amount is very small, and it would be
very difficult to distinguish between that on hand
and that manufactured for the future. I think the
section now stands about as well as it can.
Mr. IiOWE. But, Mr. President, I submit to
Senators that it is evident from the fact that such
an amendment is called for, that there are par-
ties in the United States who are ready to claim
tlie benefit of this provision, it will be difficult,
as the Senator from Ohio has said, to distinguish
between where it was made prior to September
and where it has been made subsequently; and he
admits that there is a very small quantity which
will get the benefit of this provision. The effect
of the legislation, then, is to open the doors to a
great deal of fraud to accomplish but a very slight
benefit or advantage if it was honestly executed.
I ask a vote on this. The question, I suppose, is
on agreeing to so much of this amendment—
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it can be amended
afterwards, after we get through with the amend-
ments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a bill
from the House of Representatives to which the
Committee on Finance have reported various
amendments, and now the Senate are considering
the amendments proposed to the House bill by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE. And not acting on the amend-
ment of the House ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The whole bill
of the House is a series of amendments to the bill
enacted last year.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I was mistaken.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That any brewer of
ale, beer, lagei beej-, porter, or other malt liquors, and any
owner of a still, boilet, or other vessel used for the put pose
of distilling spirituous liquors, or the agents or su pet intend-
ents thereof, shall be required to render accounts and make
returns on the first day of each and every month, and no
oftcnc. And no bmver of ale, beer, lager beer, porter, or
other malt liquors, nor owner, agent, or superintendent of
any still, boiler, or other vessel used for the put pose ofdis-
tilling spn ituoiis liquors, shall hereafter be requued to keep
a record or an account, or to report or return the quantities
of grain or other vegetable pioductions, orothersubstances
put into the mash-tub by lum or his agent or supeiinteud-
ent for the purpose of producing spirituous or malt liquors,
any law to the contrary notwithstanding.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
this section by striking out from the word " liq-
uors," in line two, to the word "thereof," in line
five, inclusive. The woidsproposed to be stricken
out are:
And any owner of a still, boiler, or other vessel u&ed for
the purpose of distilling spirituous liquors, or the agents or
superintendents, thereof.
The committee also proposed to strike out after
the word " liquors," in line eight, the words:
Nor owner, agent, or superintendent of any still, boiler,
