THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. V; *'■ ■
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1863.
New Series.....No. 33,.
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin is in the
third degree, and not in order. The amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota is an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to my honorable
friend not to insist upon that amendment. We
cannot legislate to take money out of the Treas-
ury that"we have not, without departing from the
very principle on which this amendment of the
Somite committee proceeds. The truth is, we have
in our hands the unexpended balance of the last
year's appropriation, and that we can use; but
whether it is $50,000 or §100,000 or §150,000, we
do not know. It may have been all paid out ex-
cept §50,000; and if that is the case, we, by this
amendment, appropriate §50,000 out of the Treas-
ury of the United States that do not come from
the funds of the Indians at'all, which violates the
principle of the bill.
Now, Mr. President, upon this subject allow
me to say one word. Here are annuities due these
Indians for §150,000 a year, running on for forty
years. What are those annuities worth ? That
depends on what money is worth. If you com-
pute money as worth to-day five per cent., if we
could go into the market and borrow money at
five per cent., giving our bonds running for foity
years at five per cent., we could afford to advance
the money and redeem ourselves from these an-
nuities by advancing about §2,500,000. If money
was woith six per cent., we could afioid to pay
about§I,800,000. If money was worth seven per
cent., we could afford to pay about §1,500,000.
If money was worth eight per cent., we could afford
to pay still less; and if money was worth nine or
ten per cent.,the whole amount of these annuities
would not be worth to us more than §1,000,000;
so that this question of what money is worth is
all involved in this matter of advance on these an-
nuities. I think, therefore, we had better hold on
to the principle of the bill, which is to pay out of
the annuities. Let the amendment which I have
suggested be adopted, and then if, as the Senators
from Minnesota suppose, the greater proportion
of this money is stiil in the Treasury, they have
the benefit of it. It gives two thirds of all the
balance of the present year, and the §100,000,
which is two thirds of the annuities for the year
to come. I am willing to give that amount.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendment reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GRIM ES. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line one
of section two, to strike out " one," and insert
"two;" so that it will read:
That the suui of $200,000, being two thuds of the annu-
ities becoming clue and pnvable to said Indians (luting the
next fi-eal year, Ij- heieby appropriated, &e.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask for the yeas and
Hays on that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Chandlei, Lane of Kansas
Latham, McDoncilI. Powell, Ritv, Wilkinson, Wilson of
MaspAehus-eU*. and Wil-on ot .Mi-wtuu—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold. Brownnm, Cai hie, Olatk. Cow j
an, Pavi-'j Di\mi, Dooiittic, re.-^mb'n, Foot. Tenter, Hale, 1
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Kennedy, King, Morrill. Pome- j
roy, Shut man, Sumner, Ten Ejek, TunnbulK Wall, and J
Wilmot—25. ' j
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator !
from Minnesota desire the question on the latter
part of his amendment to be put?
Mr. IllCE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the latter part of the amendment proposed
by the Senator ftom Minnesota.
"Mr. RICE. That is, to strike out all the re-
mainder of the section after the word " appropri-
ate/!, " in the sixth line, and to insert the words
which have been read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to understand that.
What amendment is now offered?
Mr. WlLKINSON. Lmt bp rend.
On
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in section two, to strike out all after the word
"appropriated," in the sixth line, as follows:
To the commissioners hereinafter provided for, to be ap-
portioned by them among the heads of families, or in ease
of their decease, among the surviving membeis of families
in the State of Minnesota who suffered damage by (he dep-
redations of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and
Wapakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians or bv the
tioops of the United States in the late Indian wni m the
Sfate of Minnesota, not exceeding the sum of $200 to any
one family, not the actual damages aforesaid,and no moneys
shall be paid under this section except upon those claims
which biiall be pipsented to said commissioners on or be-
foie the l«?t day ot June next, for the payment of which the
said commissioner shall take and return to the Secretarv
of the Interior and to the Secietaty of the Treas-uiy dupli-
cate voucheis thciefor, ceitified by them.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That the sum hereby appiopriated shall be
appoitioned and paid to the claimant? or their survivors,
under t-uch rules and regulations as the Secietary of the
Intenor may prescribe.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 2. And be it fwither cnactcd, That the «uin of
$100,000, being two thirds of the annuities becoming due
and payable to--aid Indiana dining tho next fiscal ye.ti, h
heieby appropuated, and shall be paid iioin theTieasuiy
of the United States, out of any moneys not otherwise ap-
piopiiated. Provided, That the sum heieby appiopnated
.shall he apportioned and paid to the claimant* oi their^tir-
vivois under such mles and regulations as the Seeretaiyof
the intenor may pre&cube.
Mr. RICE. As the section now stands, it pro-
vides that the money shall be paid over to the
commissioners, and they are notrequiied to give
bond.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We can add a section rc-
qun mg that.
Mr. RICE. That isa departure from the prac-
tice which has heretofore prevailed; and I think
the money had better be paid in the usual way
from the Treasury.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state the reason for this provision of the
bill. It was supposed that if these people were
to bo iHi"ved at ail, the money ought to be put in
the hands of the commissioners when they went
into the field. If they wore to go there and make
their examinations, ami then draw on the Treas-
ury, the usual delays in examining accounts would
render it impossible to furnish them relief in time
to putin their spring crops.
Mr, RICE. I had that all in view. I under-
stood that. I propose that the money be paid as
the Secretary of the Intenor may direct. He can
send the money out to a Government officer there.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee thought it
better not to leave the discretion on him, lest he
might pay it pro rata; and it is said there are some
traders up then' who may have lost twenty or
thirty thousand dollars. The committee thought
it better to confine the disbursement to £200 to
each head of a family, or to the surviving chil-
dren, if the brad ot a family should have been
destioyed. This is intended merely loi lernporaiy
relief, to enable them to provide for immediate
support, for the heads of families to put in their
spi mg crops.
Mr. RICE. I understood that was also the in-
tention of the committee. Iiut here is a single man
whose losses amount to $200: and here is a farmer
with ten children, whose losses amount to $5,000.
He can get but £,200 under the section as it stands.
I want it left discretionary with the powers heie j
how the money shall be paid. Then, again, this j
section sneaks of payment fur damages ''done by j
troops oi the United Steles." Th^re will be claims '
brought in from all over the State for damages .
done by the ti oops; and they will be first brought j
in, as they were near the center; and hence those i
that were on the border, that suffered all, will get j
nothing, or they will come in last. j
Again: I do nut wish to have this limitation of i
time", " before the 1st day of June.", Some of
the persons who suffered have been taken to their
original homes, some to Maine, some to New
Hampshire, some to Massachusetts. The notice
would rot reach them in time after this bill be-
comes a law so that they could get out there and
make their proof before the 1st of June. I think
it is very objectionable, and I certainly think the
money is as safe in the hands of the Government
as in the hands of any three commissioners that
may be appointed.
Mr. HARLAN. I will explain, with the Sen-
ator's leave, that the committee thought that if
children had been removed from the State and
were being provided for by their friends, there
would be no immediate necessity for making-this
appropriation for them until the amount of the
loss was ascertained; and so far as aiding farm-
ers to put in crops was concerned, unless their
claim was satisfied before June the money could
not be used for obtaining seed and instruments of
husbandry that would be useful to them during
the present year. This appropriation was intend-
ed by the committee to afford immediate relief
to the sufferers who are still there and are unable
to procure.seed and implements of husbandry to
put in a crop during the spring; but if the pay-
ment is to be deferred beyond this, the committee
supposed they could wait until the testimony
could be had and laid before Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that the ques-
tion presented is just this: whether this money
shall be put into the hands of three commission-
ers to be appointed by the President, to be paid
over on the spot, or whether everything shall be
left substantially in the hands of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and the money paid to
such people as ho sees fit. To my mind it is very
clear that this provision, as itstands, is much the
more safe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Rice.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, in section two of the
committee's amendment, after the word " that,"
I move to insertthe words " two thirds of the bal-
ance remaining unexpended of annuities due and
payable to said Indians for the present fiscal year,
not exceeding $100,000, and the further;" so as to
make the section read:
That two thirds of the balance icmainlng unexpended of
annuities due and payable to said Indiana for the present
fiscal j ear, not exceeding $100,000, and the further sum of
,$100,000, being two thirds' of the annuities becoming due
ami pa> able to said Indians during the next fiscal year, is
hereby appropriated and shall be paid, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to move an addi-
tional section, requiring tiie commissioners to give
security:
Jiml be it further cnactcd, That the said commissioners,
befoic entering upon the discharge of their duties as such,
khaU give bonit- in the usual foun to the United States in
the film ot ,$20,000 each, with good and sufficientsecurity,
to be appioved by the Secretary of the Treasury, faithfully
to discharge their duties as such, and to account for any
money wlucli may come into their hands.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. In the eighth scction, after the
word " appropriated,"in the third line, I move to
strike out "one hundred and sixty" and insert
" forty " as the number of acres to be granted. No
Indian in that country ever did cultivate or ever
will cultivate one hundred and sixty acres of land;
and the larger the tract each person has, the greater
will be the inducement for the whites to try to get
it away from him. There would be, perhaps, two
or three of one family that would come under this
head, and in that way one family, perhaps, might
get half a dozen quarter sections. Forty acres for
each person is more than they ever can possibly
USe.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that amendment
will bo adopted, for I am satisfied, fiom my ob-
seivation, that the land proposed to be granted is
more land than an Indian will ever be induced to
cultivate.
Mr. HARLAN. I presume this appropriation
will probably be confined to the heads of fami-
lies, braves, men, and will not include the women
and children. If so, will the purpose of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota be effected if the grant be
