1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sistant assessors," so as to apply the proviso to
assistant assessors as well as assessors in Califor-
nia and Oiegon and the Territories.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-third section was next read, as fol-
lows:
SfcC. 23. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That assistant assess-
ors &hall make out their accounts for pay and charges al-
lowed by law monthly, specifying each item and including
the date of each day of service, and shall transmit the same
to the assessor of the district, who shall thereupon examine
the same, and, if it appear just and in aceoi dance with law,
he shall indorse his appioval thereon, but otheuvise shall
return the same with objections. Any Mich account so ap-
proved may be presented by the assistant assessoi to the
collector of the district for payment, who shall thereupon
pay the ame, and, when receipted by the assistant assess-
or, be allowed therefoi upon picseutation to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Where any account <o trans-
mitted to assessor shall be objected to, in whole or in pait,
the assistant assessor may appeal to the Commissiond of
Internal Revenue, who^ deei-ton on the case ".hall be final;
and should it appear, at any tune, that any assessor has
willfully and conuptly approved any account, as alore-aid,
allowing any assistant assessor a mim laiger than was due
according to law, it shall be the duty of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, upon piopcr proof theieot, to deduct
the sum so allowed liom any pay which may be due to such
asse soi ; o  the Commissioner as afoiesaid may dircet a
suit to be brought in any couit of competent imisdiction
against the assessor or a-sjmant assessor in default, for the
recoveiy of the amount willfully and conuptly allowed, as
hereinbefore mentioned.
The Committee on Finance proposed to insert
{< the" before " assessor," in line thirteen.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. This amend-
ment will be made.
The twenty-fourth section was read, as follows:
Sfc. 24. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any per-on or
persons shall exercise or carry on any trade or business, for
the exercising or cariying on ol which trade or business a
license is requned, without taking out such license ad id in
that behalf required, he, she, or they shall, for every such
offense, upon conviction theieof, in lieu of or m addition
to other penalties now imposed by law, at the discretion of
the court, be subject to imprisonment for a tenn not ex-
ceeding two years.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
this section by inserting the word "knowingly"
before " exercise" in line two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment will be made without a vote if there be no
objection.
The twenty-fifth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 25. %&nd be it further enacted, That no auctioneer
shall be authorized, by vntue of his license as such auc-
tioneer,to sell any goods oi other piopeity in any other dis-
trict tnan that in which the license shall have boengranted,
except in cities ; but lawyers, physicians, surgeons, oi den-
tists, having taken out a license as such, shall not be re-
quired to take out any additional licence in consequence of
piacticmg their profession within or beyond the limits ol
the distuct where licensed.
The twenty-sixth section was read,as follows:
Sec. Q6. J3nd be it further enacted, That, upon the te-
moval of any peison or prisons fiom the hou-e or premie
at which lie, she, or they wete authoiized by license to ex-
el cisc or cairy on any nade or business mentioned msnch
license, and authorized by the act to which this act is an
amendment, it shall and may be lawful for the person or
persons authouzed to giant licenses to authotize and em-
power, by inducement on such license or otherwise, a-, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall direct, the person
or persons so removing, as atorc-aid, to any other place, to
cairy on the trade oi business ^perilled in such license at
the place to which such person or pei-ons may have re-
moved, for or during the lestdueof the tetm for winch ^uch
license was originally granted, without takingoutauy fiesh
license or payment ol any additional dutv or any fee theie-
upon for the residue of such term, and until the expiration
thereof: Provided always, That a iresh cntiy of the pi cm be*
at which such trade or business >h.Ul continue to he so ex-
ercised or earned on. as aforesaid, shall theicupon be made
by and in the name or names of the peison to whom such
authority, as afoiesaid, shall be gianted.
The next amendment was to strike out section
twenty-seven, as follows:
Sec. 27. -And be it fuither enacted, That ail duties or
taxes assessed and collected under the act to which this
act is an amendment, upon articles manufactured for and
dehveiod to the United States under contracts made prior
to July 1, 1863, shall be lelunded to the payei theieof, hi*
liens or assigns, by the tfecteuiy of them Treasury, out of
any money not otherwise appiopriated, if demand therefoi
shall be made at the Ticastny or the United tftate  within
twelve months- fjoni the date of such payment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-eighth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 23. Jind be it fuither enacted* Thatany poison who
«hnH oflor for sale, aitci the 3()th of June, U 63, any of the ar-
ticles named in schedule C of the act to which this act is an
amendment, whether the articles >o offered aie imported or
are of toieigti or domestic manuiacture, shall be deemed
the manufacturer theieo!, and subject to all the duties, lia-
bilities and penalties in said aej imposed in regaid to the
sale ot such articles without the u-e of the proper stamp
or stamps, as in said act is required.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
this section by sti iking out "June," in the second
line, and inserting "September."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section twenty-nine was read, as follows:
Sec. 29. And be it farther enacted, That all medicines,
pieparations, compositions, pi rfumery, and cosmetics, in-
tended for evpoitatiou, as piovided for in section one bun-
dled and nine of the actio which this act is an amendment,
inordei to be manufactured android or removed, without be-
ing ciiarged with duty, and without having a stamp affixed
thereto, may, under Mich nilea and regulations as the Hec-
ictary of the Tn-a-mry may piesenbe. be made and manu-
iaetuied m waiehouses known and designated inTiea-mry
regulations as bonded warehouses, class two: Provided,
Thatsuch manufacturer shall lh t give satisfaetoiy bonds
to ihe collector of internal revenue for the faithful observ-
ance of the rules and regulations, herein piovided for, in
amount not less than half requned by the regulations of the
Secretary oi the Trea^uiv from persons allowed bonded
warehouse-:, class two. Such good**, when manufactured
m such warehouse®, may be removed for exportation, un-
der the direction of the revenue officei having chat ge thereof
without being chained with duty, and without having a
stamp affixed thereto. Any manufacturer of the articles
aforesaid, or of anv ol theni, having such bonded waie
hou-e as aforesaid.''*ha!l beat hbciiy. under such rules and
i emulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may presence,
to convey thciein any material.- to be used in such manu-
facture which are allowed by the provisions of the said act
to be expoifed free Itoin tax or duty, as well as the ucees-
satv main nils, implements, pack.\ge>, vessel-, biands and
label* tor the ptepaiaiinn, putting up. and export ol the said
mauufaetuied aniens; and eveiy article so Used shall be
exempt itoin stamp and excise duty. Aiticles and mate-
iiaisj-o to be u-sed mav be tiansferred from any boiuh'd ware-
house in winch the same may be, undet such regulations as
the Heeietary of the Treasury may preset ibe, into any
bonded w uehousc, class two, m which such manufacture
may be conducted, us may be u-aul in Mich manufacture,
and, when so used, shall be exempt fiom stamp and excise
duty ; and the receipt oi the officei ot the revenue in charge
shall be iceeived a vouohei foi the manufacimo ol such
articles. Any mateilals unpolled into the United States
mav, undei such rule-^as the Secietaiyof tkeTiea-any may
pi escribe, and undei the diiectionofthe ptopurofhceroi the
customs, be removed in original packages, from on -ship
boaid, oi fiom the bonded waiehouses in which the same
may be, into the bonded watehouse, class two, in which
such inanulactuie may be cauied on, for the purpose of
being used m such maiitifactuie, without payment of duties
thereon, and may thoie he used in such manuiacture. No
aiticleso removed, nor any article manufactured in said
bonded waiohou<-c, class two,-hall be taken (herefrom ex-
cept for exportation, under the direction of the proper offi-
ce! of the customs, having chaise theieof, whose ceitihcatc,
describing the aiticles by th'-u maiks, or otherwise, the
quantity,'the date ot importation, the nan*e of vessel, with
•such additional particular^ as mav from time to tune be re-
quued,'-hnll be iceeived by the eollectoi of customs m can-
cellation of the bonds, or return of the amount of foreign
nupoit duties. All labor peifotmed and sci vices rendcted
under these regulations shall be under the supei vision of an
officer of the customs, and ai the expense ot the manufac-
ture!.
The thirtieth section was read, as follows:
Sec. ■'! > *.hid he it fmthei enacted, That spoke*, hubs,
felloes, grind-tones, coke, silver bullion, lolled or picpaied
for plateis' u>e extlu-ively ; niateiiaL- for the manulactuie
ot hoop skins exclusively, ai,.l unfitted foi other use, (*uch
a& -teel-wue, lolled, tempered, oi eoveied, cut tapes, and
small waie-* Kn joining hoop- tosefl^-r:) spindles,and ca>t-
inss of all description?, when made- e.\elu?ivcly lor instru-
ments. artieled. r r maehiuety upoti which duties are a<-
sewd and paid ; and all good*, waies, and merchandise,
andaiticle- made or manuiaetuied from materials which
have been subject to and upon which internal duties have
been actually paid, or matt lials imposed upon which du-
ne* have been paid, or upon which no duties me imposed
by law, when* the increased value of such goods, wares,
and mnch.mdi-e, and niuclc* so made and manufaciuud,
shall not exceed the amount of five per cent, ad valorem.
shall be, and heicby aie, exempt from duty.
The Committee on Finance proposed to insert
the words "shall be exempt from duty " after the
words "assessed and paid," m line eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tiie thirty-fust section was read, as follows:
Sec. 3i. be it further enacted, That on all clothe of
silk, cotton, oi oth'M in.ireii.il,dyed, punted, bleached, ntan-
ufactmed.or piepaied, whicii werei.nnoved troin tiieplace
of manulactuie puoi to the 1st of Septetnhei, l^, or
winch liu\ o been oi -hall be impoited, the duty or tax of
th'ec pei cent, shall be a--.e--cd only upmi tli" lueieaijcd val-
ue theieof p,ot ided fmthci. That wlieiievtr the duty has
been asse-sed, oi a-sc^cd and collected at the full value
i! theieof, upon cloth" or silk, cotton, oi otltet matei lahnanu-
ij (actuied and icinoved fiom the place oi loanufactme puoi
!' t< thel-t ot SeiJtember, IdoO, oi winch wete imported prior
I' to the pa>=a5<'0t this aef, and whi"h have been dy ed( puut-
i! ed, bleached, mauuf.ietuu d, oi othcrvv.se piepaied, ^ii.ce
• \ the said KtofSf ptembct. the rotmnissioncr ot Imer-
j: nal Revenue, -nbject to the i-jmlation of the Secietaryof
!| the Trea-mv,-hall he. and he heieby t-. authorized and di-
1 roc ted to lennr, iefon'd,and pay buck <\\rh piopottionof
!j said dutte? as weie n M\ sed upon the value ot such cloth*
I hetoie the same were >o dy ed, jam ted, bleached, manutae-
j tmed, or oiheiwise piepaied
The thirtv-second section was read, as follows:
Sue. 32. Jlnd be it nuthn enured, That the Commis-
sioner or' Internal Revenue, subject to the regulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall be, and bereb> is, auihor
ized to remit, refund, and pay hacfc all erroneously
or illejially assessed or c oIlected>an^ alljndgmepts or*sUJ^
of money reeovejed m any court against any eolh'etor tfr
deputy collector for ufcy duties or licenses paid under pro-
test. •
The thirty-third section was read, as folJoWiSi
Sec. 33. Jlnd be it further enacted. That man«ihc!firf£f!9
of lard oil and lin-eeil oil shall be subject to the provision
of the act to which this is an amendment, relating to dis-
tillers of spirituous, liqypis, and designed for die purpose qf
ascet taming the quantity produced,-o far as the sameIO&X,
in the judgment oi the Commissioner of Xnteruailievenu|,
and under regulations to be prescribed by him, be tleemfSl
necessary.
The Committee on Finance proposed toame#d
the section by inserting " lubricating oil5' &fte'r
" lard oil," in line two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The remaining sections of the bill were read,
as follows:
Sec. 34. J3n>l he it further enacted, That the provisions of
the act to which this act is an amendment, in relation tp
returns by inanulactuiers, and the pay ment and collection
of duties upon manuiaetuied articles, enumerated in sec-
tion seventy-five of said act, shall be,andhnobyare,made
applicable to the producers of articles winch aie also men-
tioned m said section, and on which taxes are levied.
Sue. 35 *dnd be it fuitker enacted, Thai thoie shall be
designated by the collectoi in eveiy district where the s&me
may be necc^ai y,one or more inspectors of manufacture
tobacco, who -hiill take an oath faithfully to pciforni their
duties in such form as the Commissionci of Internal Ifcey-
enuo shall prescribe, and who -hall be entitled fo receive
such tee's as may be fixed and prescribed by said Commis-
sioner. And all manufactured tobacco shall, before the same
is Used or icinoved lot consumption or sale, he inspected
and weighed by an inspectot, designated as aforesaid, who
-diall mark upon the box or other package containing such
tobacco. In a mannei to be prescribed by said Commission-
er, the quality and weight ol the contents of such package,
with the date of inspection and the name o! the inspector.
The fees of such inspector shall in all cases be paid by the
ownei of the tobacco so inspected and weighed. The pen-
alties foi the fiaudulent mat king of any package of tobacco,
and for any fiaudulent attempt to ovade the duties on to-
bacco so inspected by changing in any maimer the package
oi the matks thereon, shall be the same as are provided Ui
relation to di-tilled spirits by existing law5:. That ^manu-
factured tobacco mav he removed from the place of manu-
faefuie for the purpo-eof being exported, aftei the quantity
and quality to be so removed shall have been a-sceitaine^
by inspection, aceoiding to the provisions of this act, upon
and with the written peimission of the collector or deputy
collector of the distuct, without payment of the duties
thereon ptevioustosuch removal, the owner thereof having
given bond to the United States, with Miflicient sureties, in
the manner and f'oim and under regulation^ to be prescribed
by the CommS-ioncr of Internal Revenue, and in at least
double the amount of said duties to export the said mauu-
factuted tobacco ot pav the duties thereon within - uch time
as may he stated in the bond; and all the provisions rela-
tive to the exportation of di-tillcd spirits tn bond, contained
in th'j act to which tin* isanameudment, as far as the same
may he applicable, shall be applied to the exportation of to-
bacco in bond: ProUded, however, That nothing herein
contained shall be considered to apply to snuff, fine-CUt
i tobacco, oi cis.irs.
! Slc. 36. Jind be it further enacted, That the evidence of
exportation to entitle to benefit of duuvbuek under the act
to piovnle internal lcvenue to which this act h an amend-
ment. and the rules and tegulation-s pertaining thereto, shall
be the same as those which are now or may be icquired to
entitle the expoittr to benefit of drawback undei the acttf
relating to drawbacks of duties on impoits, with such other
inles and regulations as the Secietaty of the Treasury may
pi escribe; that the buieau in charge of exports for the bone-
tit ol diawbtck under the acts as aforesaid at the pott of
New Votk. (and at such other ports as the Seernatyoftbe
Tieasnry iuay deMsnate.) -hall have chaige ot the tame
under the act to which tbi- act is an amendment; that the
head ol such bureau shall be invested wtih the authoiity
and le^eive the emoluments of a deputy offhe collector of
customs : and that tin- said buieau shall, under the direc-
tum of the col lector of the cu-toms. embiace the su pet vision
of all c.\po  ts entitled to iemission of duties, or to drawback
of dute paid, undei (he acts above mentioned ; the ascer-
taining nnd ccitifying -uch done*; th" inking and cancel-
lation of requned bonds; the charge ofall expoit entry pa-
pei*> foi benefit of diawback and officuis' ictums theicou,
and of certiiK ates ui pioofuf the binding ot such exports
abioad : Provided. That nothing herein contained shall be
con-trued 10 change oi modiivthe existing mode of paying
the diawback- and debentuic& allowed bv the taws before
icf'-ncd to.  
^i-.r 37 *lnd he it further enacted, 1 hat the AsstetaiU
Trea-tirerof the United StatesatSan Franci-cois lequired,
| under ^uch in-iriiction- «i> the Commissioner of Internal
j Revenue shall pie^cuhe, to audit, allow, and pay fhe ac-
[ counts for seiviccs oi the cofh-ctois and a^sesxns ot Cnli-
' forma, Oiegou, and Nevada Teiutoiy, sulijcct to the re vis-
I ion of the <a:d Conuui--uoner,
i Sec. 3H */ind he it fmther cncuted, That (his act, except
where oiheiwise indicated, shall take efTcct fiom and alter
i im pa--a '<•. and all acts or parts of acts repugnant to the
II pt ovi-ions- of this act he, and the-ame are hereby tepealed:
1 Pronded, That the existing laws shall extend to and be in
1 force, as modified, for the collection of the duties imposed
!, bv this act, loi the pro.-eeunou and punishment of all af-
«; lenses and for the reeoveiv, collection, distribution, and
I i remission of all fines, penalties, and forleitures,as fully aud
effectually as if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture, pro-
!' vision, clause, matter, and tiling to that effect, in the exist-
II ijjg jaws contained, had been inserted in and reenacted by
i! this act.
