1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The next amendment was to insert, as a new
section, the following:
Sec. —. And be it further evactiM, That from and after
the date when thh act takes effect, there shall be an allow-
ance or drawback on cordials and other liquors manufac-
tured wholly or in part or domestic distilled spirits, on
which a duty shall have been paid, equal in amount to the
duty paid on such spirits when exported, with such deduc-
tion as the Secretary of the Treasury may think reasonable,
not exceeding live per cent, of the amount of duty so paid;
the amount to be ascertained in the mannei and under the
regulations prescribed In section one hundred and sixteen
Of the act to which this is additional; ami the same to be
subject to all the provisions of said section applicable
thereto: Provided, That no such allowance shall be made
unle&s the value of the spirits used in such manufacture
shall exceed on« half of the whole value of the article
manufactured as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to insert on page 13,
after line three hundred and one of section one:
That section ninety-nine be amended by striking out the
words " ninety-three," preceding the words " of this act,"
and inserting" ninety-eight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page 8,
after line one hundred and eighty-five of section
one:
That section sixty-six be amended by s>trikin<? out the
words " twenty-seven," after the wo id u number" and be-
fore the word " extent," and inserting the words " twenty-
eight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, to insert
after line fifty-four of section one:
That section fifty-five be, ami hereby amended by in-
serting alter tins words " <haU not be paid at the time of
rendering the account of the same, as herein required," the
words "or at the time when thev shall have become pay-
able."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page 13,
after line two hundred and ninety-six of section
one:
That section ninety-one be amended by striking out the
word u gas" wherever H oeeuis, and by striking out the
words "or on any mucins manuiaeturcd," alter the word
"advertisements.."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The amendments reported from the
Committee on Finance arc disposed of. The bill
is open to further amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two or three
other amendments that 1 wish to have made. Sec-
tion twenty-five now reads:
That no auctioneer shall be authorized by virtue of his
license as sneh auctioneer to sell any goods or other prop-
erty in nu> other district than that in winch the license
shall have been granted, except in cities.
I move to strike out the words, " except in
cities."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. in section one, line two
hundred and thirty-five, after the word " pound,"
I move to strike out the following words:
Provided* That in estimating the value of cigars upon
which duties are to be a^e*>stH)? the market value oi to-
bacco at the time shall be the Ikims ol such estimate.
The amendment wan agieed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to add the follow-
ing words at the end of section nineteen, jiaj^e 35:
"and exercise the privilege of franking all letters
and documents pertaining to the Office of Internal
Revenue." Itis simply to give tho Deputy Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue the privilege of
franking documents belonging to the office. lie
exercises the other powers of the Commissioner.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment suggested hy the Commissioner to section
seventeen, and I call the attention of gentlemen to
it. It is to add at the end of the section, 44 in the
aggregate, or mme than $5,000 exclusive of the
expenses of administering the office;" so that the
clause will icad:
Provided, honct cr, That the wiiaiy of no collector shall
exceed $10,000 in the aggregate, oi more than $5,000, ex-
clusive of the expenses ol administering the otliee.
This amendment is not suggested by the Com-
mittee on Finance. I offer it at the suggestion of
the Commissioner.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. 1 am not generally in favor
of very high salaries, but my impression is that
there arc some cases where this proposed amend-
ment would act very harshly, especially where
very large amounts of money have to be collected
in the larger cities. 1 do not think it is a proper
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that we give
the Treasurer of the United States only $5,000,
and his responsibilities are much greater than
those of any 'collector anywhere.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill before
the Senate will be laid aside temporarily in order
to receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills ami joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 435) for a grant of lands to the State
of Kansas in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegipphs in said
State;
A bill (No. 483) to establish the gauge of the
Pacific railroad and its branches;
A bill (No. 512) to disapprove of the twenty-
sixth section of the act of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Nevada, and for other
purposes*,
A bill (No. 526) to authorize the appointment
of an Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
and to fix the pay of the Treasurer, Assistant
Treasurer, clerks, and messengers in the office of
the Treasurer of the United States;
A bill (No. 537) to grunt the right of preemp-
tion to certain purchasers on the ii Soscol Ranch,"
in the State of California;
A bill (No. 5G4) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the employment of volunteers to
aid m enfoicmg the laws and protecting public
property," approved July 22, 1861;
A bill (No. 5G5) for the removal of the Sisse-
ton, Walipaton, Medawakatuon, and Wahpa-
koota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for
the disposition of their lands in Minnesota and
Dakota;
A bill (No. 548) to provide circuit courts for the
distiicts of California and Oregon, and for other
purposes; aittl
A joint resolution (No. 129) authorizing the col-
lection in coin of postages due on unpaid mail
matter from foreign countries.
The message also announced that the House
had passed "the following bills of the Senate, with
amendments, m which it asked the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 452) to regulate the mode ofappoint-
ment of midshipmen to the Naval Academy; and
A bill (No. 509) to provide for the organiza-
tion of a signal corps to serve during the present
war.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 768) to provide for the elec-
tion ofllepresentatives in Congress from the States
of Tennessee and Louisiana, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
KNltOLLKD BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker of
the House of Representatives had signed the fol-
lowing emolled bills and joint resolutions; which
thereupon received the signature "of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 492) to amend the laws relating
to the Post Office Department;
A bill (S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 512) to disapprove of the twen-
ty-sixth section of the act of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Nevada, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. IX No. Ill) for the relief of O. B.
and Oliver S. Latham;
A bill (II. R. No. 3Go) to amend an act entitled
"An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts;"
A bill (II. R. No. 435) for the relief of Susan
Dickson, widow of John Dickson, deceased;
A bill (11. R. No. 468) to extend the charter of
the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany, and for other put poses;
A bill (II. It. No. (147) for the relief of the
administrator of Captain Richard Stevenson,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 659) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government;
A bill (II. R. No. 708) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1864;
A bill (II. R. No. 726) granting a pension to
Frances H. Plummer, widow of the late Brigadier
General Joseph B. Plummer, of the United States
Army;
A bill (H. R.No. 731) making appropriations
for the current and contmgentexpenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1864, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 63) providingfor
the distribution of certain public books and doc-
uments;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) relative to
the claim of W. Maxwell Wood;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) in relation
to telegraph companies in tfte District of Colum-
bia; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 153) authorizing
the adjustment of the account of Z. B. Caverly,
"ate secietary of legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 768) to provide for the election of
Representatives in Congress fiom the States of
Tennessee and Louisiana was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. POWELL. That is a very important bill,
and we ought to have it printed. I therefore make
that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was printed in
the House of Representatives.
Mr. POWELL. Well, that will do, if it has
not been amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquired about the bill,
and was informed that it passed as printed. 1 have
no objection to its being reprinted, if the Senator
desires it.
Mr. POWELL. Let the order be made; and if
it is printed as it passed the House, it need notb*
executed. If it is not printed as it passed tho
House, it should be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to
print will be made, if there is no objection. The
Chair hears non'e.
REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue American re-
gisters to certain vessels named therein, to report
it without amendment. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to pass this bill at the present
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to passing bills
now. It can be taken up in the morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it a House bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we can pass it in
the morning. I would rather continue this tax
bill now than take up any new bill.
WAR COMMITTEE.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, by the Senate of the United States, (the House of
Representatives concurring,) That in order to enable the
joint committee on the conduct of the war to complete
their investigations of certain irnpoitant matter? now be-
fore them, and which they have not been able to complete
by reason of inability to obtain important witnesses, they
he authorized to continue then-sessions for thirty day? after
the close of the present Congress, and to place their test-
imony and reports in the hands oi* the Secretary of the
Senate.
Resolved further, That the Secretary of the Senate is
hereby directed to cause to he printed of the rcpoit* and
accompanying testimony of the committee on the conduct
of the war five thousand copies for the use of the Senate
and ten thousand copies for the use of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No*
452) to regulate the mode of appointment of mid-
shipmen to the Naval Academy were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
INTERNAL REVENUE BlfcL.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole re*
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 770)
