516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
not conflict with the ideas of the Senator from
New Hampshire—that he insert a provision that
their present reservations shall he forfeited also to
the Government.
Mr. CLARK. It maybe that we shall, as the
Senator from Mini|psota says, have to do that. I
hope we shall not; but I certainly am not pre-
pared, with the information I have, to say that
these people shall have no abiding place upon
earth. It seems to me it will be enough for the
Congress of the United States, for Senators acting
upon one side, when there is nobody here in be-
half of the Indians to speak for them, to soy that
they will forfeit their annuities and money, and
give two thirds of those annuities to the people
whom they have injured, and that the other one
third shall be disposed of as we may see fit by
and by.' It may be that we shall find very good
people among these tribes, to whom we shall want
to pay the other third; but I want to forfeit the
thiid now, so that it shall not be a fund which
they can claim hereafter, but a fund which we can
dispose of as we find meritorious Indians among
them, and then meet the other question as occa-
sion may require. Suppose we declare now that
we have forfeited their land, does that send them
out of Minnesota ?
Mr .WILKINSON. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have also reported a bill for the removal
of these Indians. I cannot see why gentlemen
from New England should undertake to set up
here so strongly to keep the Indians that have
murdered our people in our midst. I have very
strong prejudices and prepossessions in favor of
the New England States, but it seems to me as
though they were anxious to make enemies, as
though their Senators here wanted to drive other
people against them. I am astonished that the
Senators fiom Maineand New Hampshire should
get up here and insist that these Indians .shall re-
main among a people some of whom they have
butchered in the inhuman manner which they
have. I think that our people, at least, ought to
have something to say about this matter.
Mr. CLARK. Air. President, I have too often
found, as a New England Senator, that when I
said anything in legard to a western Suite, I was
accused of hostility to that section of the country;
and I am inquired of now why we wish to nicrevi.se
the enmity between the two, or to give occasion
tor enmity. Mr. President, I do not desire to do
it. I have no heart or inclination to do it. They
are of us, bone of our bone, and blood of our
blood; they went out from us; and if there is any-
thing that I desire, ir is that the people in the
western States shall have comfortable homes, that
they slwli have privileges which we neverenjoyed
in the old States. We want to be liberal with
them; but, sir, other people may have rights; and
if the Senator, as he Mays, has got a bill here for
the lemoval ot the.se 1 in! ians, it will be time enough
that wo forfeit I m ir tirlc to the land when we come
to consider that bnl fur their removal; and then,
if it is found desirable to remove them, we will
say so. But here is u simple provision under the
treaty that we forfeit the lands with the annuities.
1 do not know but that it may be entirely just.
I think it is just now to forfeit the money and the
annuities to pay the people that have suffered. If
the Senator from Mumo-ota and other Senators
can show me that these Indians ought to go out
of the State of Minnesota, they shall have my
vote, so far as it has any influence to make them
go. I beg the Senator from Minnesota that he
will not misunderstand me, that he witl not believe
that I have any hostility to him or any of his
people. I assure him I have nothing but kind-
ness for them; hut it shall notdete r me from doing1
my duty to anybody that 1 may be aceused as 1
am now accused. The Senator will believe me
when lie understands me better. I have no hos-
tility to him or his people. God bless them all,
and prosper them .\U.
Mr. WiLKIXSOX. i did not suppose that the
Deflator from New Hampshire had any individual
hostility to tile people of Mmnosota; but when I
Bee that his acts, his votes here, are goin^directly
against the people of Minnesota arid their inter-
ests, it is^my business to say so m plain, direct
terms. The reason that the Senato>-gave for the
position which he assumed, which was to apply
this forfeiture to the money alone, was that these
Indians should not be driven out of ihe State of
Minnesota without nn abiding place and home.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator misinterprets what
I said. I stated that I saw no occasion yet for say-
ing that. I did not say that it should not be done.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood the Senator
to allude to it in that way. Now, I give the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire distinctly to under-
stand that it is my duty here to defend the people
of the State of Minnesota, and I intend to do it;
and when he or any other Senator sets up here his
determination to keep these Indians in my State,
I tell him that he mistakes the temper of that peo-
ple very much. They will not consent that these
savages, these barbarians, who have swept and
desolated the State for hundreds of miles, shall
remain there; and I do not like it very well for
either him or his associates here to insist that their
reservations shall not be forfeited when they, by
their bloody barbarism, have brought that conse-
quence upon themselves. That is the very gist of
this whole question. We want these Indians re-
moved. We care much more for their removal
than we do for the money which is to be appro-
priated by Congress in this bill. It is a serious
matter with our people; it is a matter upon which
they have set their hearts; and I apprehend that
they will enforce it, whether Congress stands up
against them or not. There is not a people in the
United States, there is not a people anywhere, that
would submit to have such barbarians existing
among them, after they had murdered a thousand
of their little childien, ravished then women, des-
olated their whole country, and driven in ten thou-
sand people from the frontier. 1 am, as I said be-
fore, kindly disposed towards the Senator and his
people, and 1 have no doubtthat, individually, he
is as friendly to the people of Minnesota as any
othergentleman here; but when his votes are tend-
ing directly against the interests of the people of
my State, it is for me to say what 1 regard and
what the people of my State will regard as the
effect of his votes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatorfrom Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilkinson] alluded to me also. All I
have to say m reply to that Scnatorin relation to
tins matter is, that I voteherc pretty much on my
own hook, and I speak on my own hook, too.
The amount of it is, Mr. President, that the peo-
ple of Minnesota desire, as the Senators say—for
[ am bound to suppose that they are represented
correctly—that the lands which have been reserved
to the Indians should be forfeited and the In-
dians taken out of the State. 1 am not prepared
to say that that is not good policy; I am not pre-
pared to say that it ought not to be done; but it is
no good reason why it should be done that the
people of Minnesota will be very angry with the
people of New England if their representatives
vote to altera particular clause ©f this bill, be-
cause they are not quite prepared now to vote for
it as it stands with the information they have. I
do not think that is logical. I do not think it is
the sort of logic that should be addressed to Sen-
ators in their action, that they wiJl be regarded as
unfiiendly. I have heard that before. It js not
a fair mode of argument, permit me to say to the
Senator. He may draw such inferences as he
sees fit from my votes here and from what I say;
I cannot help that. But let us look at this matter.
As the section was drawn in the first place and as it
now stands m the bill, the effect of it, if passed
without alteration, will be that e\ery acre of land
which was granted to us by these treaties will
return to the Indians. It simply annuls the trea-
ties. If you annul the treaties without making any
s-n-t of explanation, it nil goes back to just whore
it wps before. Thelands go back to the Indians,
and the money, if wo can get it, comes back to us.
^Mr. WILKINSON. Permit me one word.
There weie three separate propositions. One was
to declare the treaties abrogated. That was in a
resolution introduced by my colleague. Then
there was the proposition contained in the bill be-
fore us, which cime from tne House of Repre-
sentatives. The other is a Senate bill for the re-
moval or the Indians. The Senate committee
embodied tlie substance of the resolution of my
colleague in this bill, rather than make a separate
pvooosu ion of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the bill
as it stands, not of propositions that I do not sec
or know anything about. I confine myself to the
bill as it stands before me. Take the first section
of the bili. and what is it? It is a mere declara-
tion that ?h* treaties existing with these trih^of
Indians are abrogated and annulled. If you ab-
rogate and annul them without any explanation,
what is the result? The result is, that what we
got from them by the treaties goes back to the
Indians, reservations and ail.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend will
allow me to suggest that the words which follow
directly after the woids " annulling the tieaties"
will give altogether a different construction to the
section, because the words which follosv declare;
All lands, rights of occupancy, annuities, and claims
heretofore necoided to said .Indians, or any of them, to be
forfeited to the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it might cover the
reservations. But we "accorded" to the Indians
their reservations in return for the land they owned
before.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. All we have ever accorded
to the Indians is the right of occupancy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And by this section the
right of occupancy is forfeited to the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Butthe word   accorded"
may be taken as referring to the treaties them-
selves, and what did you accord to them by the
treaties? The right to occupy certain reserva-
tions, Then the result is that you take away the
reservations, but you leave them the original lands
which they sold. Tiiat is the exposition of it as
it is drawn now. I want that corrected. I want
it corrected so as to meet what was designed; and
that is that you foifeitthe rights of the Indians
under the treaties. I am willing to foifeit the
rights of the Indians under the treaties so far as
the annuities are concerned; but the Senator says
there is something more than this, which I did not
refer to before; and that is, that he w^nts to foifeit
the reservations in Minnesota, and forfeit them at
once, without making any sort of provision for
these Indians, even for those of them that are
friendly; that he is for just throwing them entirely
out of doors.
I am not prepared to say that I shall not be
found willing to accede to the wishes of the peo-
ple ofMinnesota to have the Indians removed from
the State. In the state of feeling that existed there,
and after their conduct, I am inclined to think that
may be the best mode of dealing with the subject;
but when it is proposed to proceed in tins hasty
manner and at once annul and abrogate all these
treaties and forfeit all their rights, without mak-
ing any provision for them, because we hrsitate,
and say we want to consider that matter when it
properly comes before us, and not to have it
crowded into a bill making pi ovision for those who
have suffered, to which it does not belong, ihe Sen-
ator undertakes to say " you are opposing the
wishes of the people of Minnesota, and if you do
not do it to-day, as quick as they ask you to do it,
they will take the matter info their own hands,
and stir up another Indian war, and you muntnke
the consequences." Does the Senator suppose
that kind ofargument is to influence anybody here
m the Senate ?
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator docs not pre-
tend to be quoting my language:
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am quoting the idea.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have not said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not the Senator say
over and over again, that the people of Minnesota
had determined this matter, and they would take
it into their own hands and drive ihe Indiansout.
Mr. "WILKINSON. I said the neop!e*vere de-
termined they should not live tlnne: but I did not
say they would stir up another Indian war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If rney aie t.-. take it into
their own hands and drive the 'Indians otit of the
State by force, there will necessarily be an Inaian
war. That was the language. I take it, afrer all,
however, ihat the people the S'-'te ,,'f Minne-
sota, especially as u large portion of them c^nie
from New Engl md, are pi etty cairn set of pr o-
ple, pai ticniariy if they have time to get cool; they
are like the Senator himself herein the Senate,
though lie may get excited in a moment m ihe
course of debate and do injustice to his friends, yet
after he has a chance to get calm he will be willing
to lake it back. Now, we do not mean any such
thhig. What I mean is simply this: that on a bill
of this kind, brought m for one special puipoo",
to provide rcmuneiation to the people of Minne-
sota for Vvhat they have suffeied, I am not pie-
par-d to consider so important a question, which
is wrapped up m a single provision here so as to
