1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Governmentand pay-
interest on the public debt, "approved July 1,1802,
and for other purposes.
Mr. COLLAMER. I offer an amendment, to
insert after line two hundred and sixty, on page
11, the following:
On all ships, barks, brigs, schooners, sloops, sail-hoats,
steamboats, not including the engine, canal boats, and all
other vessels or water craft hereafter built, made, or con-
structed, two per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. This subject of laying a tax
on the building or manufacturing of ships was
very much debated when the original bill was un-
der discussion in the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, and also
in the Committee on Finance in the Senate. A
substitute was made for it by imposing a tonnage
duty upon vessels, which is not imposed upon any
other class. They pay a tonnage duty every time
they return to port, which is a very considerable
burden, and which was intended as a substitute
for the imposition of a duty like this. Besides
that, every document that is used with regard to
ships must be stamped. Another consideration
is, that no burden whatever was laid upon any
species of transportation of freightatall, other than
that which was laid upon ships. None was laid
on the freight of railroads or any other mode of
conveyance; and it would be very severe and oner-
ous to impose a duty on building ships besides,
when they are subject to the tonnage duty, which
is to be paid every time they come to port.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot say how much of
debate might have happened in the committees.
No debate was had on this subject, according to
my recollection, in this body.
It is certain that the building of vessels of vari-
ous kinds is a very important manufacture, one
of the most important in the country; and while
a three per cent, duty is laid on almost everything
made by the hands of man in this country, there
is no duty laid upon thisgreatand extensive busi-
ness of making vessels. This great business of
ship-building is entirely an untaxed employment,
while every other employment in the country that :
can possibly be mentioned or imagined has a tax
upon it, generally three per cent, on its produc-
tion. It is suggested that much of the materials
that go into the building of the ship have them-
selves paid duty; but that is the case with a great
proportion of those materials that go into the mak-
*iog of other things that are taxed. For instance,
the percentage or proportion of the tax that is paid
upon the iron, hemp, and sail cloth which enter
into the making of the ship is not anything like
as large as the tax that is paid on the materials
that enter into many other employments. Take
the case of the manufacture, for instance, of ready-
made clothing. The cloth and materials out of
which the clothes are made have paid duties. The
percentage of that cloth which goes into the mak-
ing of a coat, for instance, prepared with the labor
which is put upon it, is a much larger percentage
than that which pays duty and goes into the man-
ufacture of a ship. So it is with a variety of other
things. Take a pair of shoes. There isadutyof
three per cent, on shoes, while the leather, sepa-
rately and independently, has to pay a duty be-
fore it is made up into shoes.
It is said that one reason why this tax is not
imposed upon the making of a ship is on account
of the duties which are laid by way of tonnage out
and in. That has nothing in the world to do with
the building of a ship. No man could ever have
thought of substituting that for a tax on the build-
ing of the ship itself. That is paid by the owner
of the ship after it is built, and is a tax upon the
employment of the ship. If a man owns a car-
riage for the purpose of letting it to hire, and he is
taxed for that, as he is, that does not at all alter
the tax upon the carriage maker. The carriage
maker pays his duty upon the carriage which he
manufactures. The man who buys that carriage
and uses it in his business pays a duty on that
use, just as the owner of a ship does on the ton-
nage of a ship out and in. That is a duty on the
employment of the ship in the hands of the owner
after he has purchased it. That is the case with
a thousand other things. The duty paid on a bil-
liard table, for instance, or a carriage, or anything
else of that kind, does not at all relieve the tax on
the builder or maker of the article. Why should
it here? The tonnage duty is no substitution for
that.
I do not wish to take up any time on this sub-
ject. I consider this a very important business
which should be taxed, and I have only put it at
two per cent. 1 know of no reason why it should
escape when everything else is taxed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A single word in reply.
I should think the Senator, although he lives in
a State where no shipping is owned, might very
readily understand that all these things are a bur-
den upon the manufacture necessarily, and they
go into the expenses. Now,sir,ships, and matters
connected with ships, are as strongly and as se-
verely taxed as anything else, and more so. The
Senator has called my attention to the fact that
everything, except the mere wood which goes into
the construction of a vessel, is very heavily taxed;
the iron, the hemp, the sail-cloth, and everything
connected with it. Then, again, as I remarked
before, there is a tonnage duty upon every ton of
every vessel. In the third place, every paper con-
nected with a ship used in navigation is subject to
the stamp duty, bills of lading, passenger tickets,
and everything of that description; and it all goes
to make a tax on the use of ves-sels. I cannot con-
ceive why that is not heavy enough. But, sir, I
do not propose to argue it. I wish the bill to be
acted on as speedily as possible.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the Senator
from Vermont proposes by his amendment to
break away from the principle of the bill. In the
first place, I do, not find that a house is taxed.
The Senator is ingenious, I know; but I doubt
if lie can tell me a good reason why a house should
not be taxed if he taxes a ship. What is a ship
but a floating house? In the second place, I ob-
serve in the bill that transportation of merchan-
dise is never taxed. That is a principle in the
bill. The tax that the Senator proposes to lay
would be practically a tax on transportation.
But the Senator may say that a ship should be
taxed. 1 agree that it should be taxed. The Sen-
ator from Maine has already shown how the ship
is taxed. It is taxed by tonnage duties. It is
taxed by the various fees which the owners and
officers of th'e ship are obliged to pay every time
the ship enters a port or leaves it. That is the
tax that the ship pays. It is a tax which belongs
to the tariff, if I may say so. It is of the same
class with the tax which is paid on foreign goods.
Now, I believe, this bill docs not propose to tax
foreign goods. Why should it tax the ship which
like loreign goods is taxed in the tariff bill? It
seems to me, therefore, the answer to the Sena-
tor from Veimont is complete. I hope his amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am exceedingly unfortu-
nate in not being able to weigh the gentleman's
argument as he does himself; but 1 think that is
quite common amongst us. In the first place, in
regard to the resemblance which the gentleman
seems to think there is between a ship and a house,
there is not the least resemblance in the world. A
house is real estate. Lawyers will understand
that, I take it; not property merely, but real estate,
as of the land. We have a tax on all real estate.
To be sure, its operation is suspended for two
years, I believe, and is suspended just now; hut
we have a land tax, taxing the houses as part of
the realty, and therefore houses are taxed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not tax the
builder.
Mr. COLLAMER. The man who owns the
house builds it. He hires mechanics to do the
work, and hires materials of others; and then they
go to work and build it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not tax the mas-
ter builder.
Mr. COLLAMER. The master builder is
taxed now. The architect is taxed; and the mas-
ter builder is taxed, unless he is an actual laborer
on the house himself. But the idea that a ship
should not be taxed because it is a house, and.
because a house is realty, is to me evidence why
it should be taxed. Because it is not a house and
cannot be taxed as realty, therefore we must reach
it in some other way.
Mr. President, I cannot but again repeat that
the employment of the vessel by the owner and
manager of the ship itself is entirely a distinct
thing from the building of the chip; as much so,
as { said before, as the employment of tucarriage
is entirely a distinct thing from the building of
that carriage; and we tax them both'now. Arait-
road-car builder is taxed three per cent, on iKe
building of the car. The employment nf the^car
itself is entirely an independent thing. The ton-
nage duty, therefore, is a mere tax on the owner
for the employment of his- ship by himself and
his hands—the use of it after it is made- f£
entirely distinct from the tax on the making and
manufacture of the ship, which is another thing.
A tax is laid on everything else in the world that
is made except these vessels; and I can perceive
no difference to distinguish them from any other
articles manufactured, and which may be taxed
to the maker, and the use of it taxed to those who
are employing it afterwards, for that is done with
everything else.
Mr. SUMNER. I will merely observe, in re-
ply to the Senator from Vermont, that he him-
self, in the language he employed, seemed to me
toanswer his own argument. He spoke of build-
• ing a house and of building a ship, and then he un-
dertook to say that there was a difference between
building a houseand building a ship. My argu-
ment was, that if you could with propriety impose
a tax on the building of a ship you might with
equal propriety impose a tax on the building of a
house. The two things are substantially alike;
and when the Senator adduces the various ele-
ments which enter into'the building of a house, it
is a sufficient reply to say, that all those elements
enter into the building of a ship. Every one of
those considerations which he pressed in favor of
imposing a tax on the building of a ship might be
pressed with equal force for a tax on the budding
of a house.
Then I come to the other distinction of the Sen-
ator, that a house is real estate. Now, I need not
remind the Senator that the house itself, apart
from the land on which it rests, is not real estate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I consideritmy duty,per-
haps, to say a word in reply, on the old habit of
a lawyer that 1 have a right to open and close on
my own question.
Air. President, houses, as they are built in this
country, so far as I know, are built by the own-
ers of the land. They employ men to build them
for them; but they are as much the builders of
the houses as Solomon was the builder of the tem-
ple at Jerusalem. They are part and parcel of
their realty, and the gentleman's nice distinction
about the house independent of the land would
not he considered so. That depends upon whether
it is a fixture. Ciqus est solum, ejus usqxie ad cae-
lum. I take it that includes the house. Rut ships
are built, generally, not for the men who build
them, but for sale. Ship-builders constitute one
class; ship-owners are an entirely different and
independent class. The ship is not like a house.
No man builds a house unless he is the owner of
the land, or unless he builds it for the owner of
the land. That is not so with ship-building. This
is all I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the. adoption of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make one further
remark. I believe in all the rest of the bill the
tax is applicable to the sale of the article. Now,
I will suggest to the Senator that his proposition,
in order to be in harmony with the rest of the bill,
ought to be applicable to the sale of the ship.
But there is still one further remark I wish to
make, and that is, that the imposition of the tax
now proposed by the Senator will operate injuri-
ously upon our commerce. And why? Every
ship of ours which sails the sea comes into direct
competition with foreign ships. That competi-
tion, we all know, especially under the pressure
of the war, is sustained with difficulty. The Sen-
ator will add two per cent, to it. I know that the
ship-owners of our country are spirited, industri-
ous, and energetic. I do not think they can be
driven from the ocean; but I think the proposition
of the Senator will have a tendency to drive them
from the ocean.
I need not remind the Senator, either, that it is
in harmony with the policy of former times that
shipping should be encouraged. From the days
of Oliver Cromwell down to the most recent times
the navigation laws of England and of our own
country have directly encouraged shipping. Those
