1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
navigation acts hiive been latterly relaxed both in
England and in our own country- and now the
SenafcoV proposes to move in precisely the oppo-
site direction. Those old acts were to favor ship-
ping' Thp Senator proposes to move against ship-
ping, and to impose a tax, which, just so far as it
goefe, must act injuriously upon our commerce,
and give an advantage to foreign vessels as com-
pared with ours.
Mr. COIXAMER, The gentleman has started
a new view of this case. In the first place, in re-
lation to his remark that the tax should be only
on the sale of the ship, I will state to him that this
amendment is worded precisely like the other pro-
visions imposing a tax on manufactures. They
are all subject to the same thin?. They must be
either sold or removed for use or consumption be-
fore the tax accrues. It would not accrue while
the ship was on the stocks. It would accrue when
it was removed for use or sale. 1 have not quali-
fied it, therefore,in that respect,any different from
any other manufactured article. If that does not
reach it, then it wtll not be reached, certainly.
The Senator speaks of the injury to commerce
and the present depression of the shipping inter-
ests. Can anything be more depieksed than is a
large part of our manufacturing interest? The
necessities of the war compel us to lay a lax upon
them. We tax the cotton manufacturer three per
cent. upon the value of his sales, even upon the
great price he gives for cotton; and so it is with
all our other departments of industry. Why should
it notiftpply here? The necessity of the occasion
calls for it. I undertake to say the depression of
the shipping interest is not any thing like as great
as the depression of the manufacturing interests
of the country. The great demand for shipping,
for transportation,and various other purposes by
the Government, has employed a large portion of
our shipping,and given them good and profitable
employment. It is not, theiefme, nearly as much
depressed as ii was a year ago, according to my
understanding. Wo have a great many things
which nations have desiied to encourage, and do
encourage. We have desired to encourage our
manufactures, and have frequently shaped our
tariff law vvilh a view to that end; but the tnno has
now come when the necessi ties of the country com-
pel us to lay taxes, and we should lay them on
this interest as well as others.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope I shall be paidoned for
makingoneother remark. There is still one further
suggestion I should like to make to the Senator.
The Senator knows very well that where there is
duty levied on goods, and they are afterwaids ex-
ported, there is a drawback upon them. Why that
drawback? For tins simple reason: because the
goods then come in competition with a foreign
market. Cai rying out that analogy, the Senator
ought to have a dtawback inserted into his prop-
osition, so that when the ship goes to sea and
comes into competition with foreign navigation,
this tax uf two per cent, shall be deducted. That
certainly ought to be done, to harmonize his prop-
osition to the rule of drawback applicable to duty
on foreign goods.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman seems to
be very fruitful in analogies that 1 cannot see the
relation of to this proposition. A vessel manu-
factured in this country may be sold abroad under
the navigation laws of England now. Formerly
it could not be. lJut since the repeal of the nav-
igation act of England, we can sell American bot-
toms, and they can be nationalized in England.
The only analogy there can be m the world would
be if a ship is built heie and is exported and sold
abroad, there might be a drawback of the tax. If
the gentleman thinks he can make analogy of that
kind, he should prepare an amendment, and give
his drawback; but then the diawback should be
on nothing but what was imported. We give a
drawback on any impuitation of goods that are
reexpoi led; but not unless they come in from
abroad and go out again, if we imported the iron,
and hemp that went into a ship, nnd then sold the
ship abroad, ho might ask fot a drawback upon
that iron and hemp. That woukl be all.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me lemmd the Senatoi
that the tax upon every thing manufactured under
this bill when it is exported has a drawback.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well. When the
gentleman takes his ship abroad and sells it there,
lie may have a drawback. But it does not follow
on this occasion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold. Chandler, Clark. Collamer,
Cowan. Dav^, Uoohtlle, Foot, Games, Hairing. Harlan,
Ham*, Hciideison, Tlownid, King, Lnno of Tmhana, "Ne-
simth, Pomeiov, Powell, Rice, Richardson, Sheiman,
Trumbull, Waif, Wilkinson, and Wilson ofMissoim—26.
NAYS—Met-ais. Anthony, Dixon, Fe^enden, Foster,
Hick-, Howe, Latham, Mori ill, Sumner, Ten Eyek,Willey.
and Wilson of Massachusetts—\%
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer an amendment in
addition to the amendments printed on page 3 of
the reported amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that that will
not be in order until wegetinto the Senate. That
was an amendment to strike out and insert, which
was adopted; and it will be necessary to move a
reconsideration in order to amend it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose my amendment
is in order, as I do not propose to strike out any
of that portion which has been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it will be in
order to add to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to add this proviso
to the amendment:
Provided, That if sold or silver coin be loaned at Its par
I value, it shall be subject only to the duly impo&ed on other
loan*-.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wiil also move to amend
in line forty-two, after the word^" aforesaid,"by
inserting the words, "or of any certificates or
other evidences of deposit, payable m gold or sil-
ver coin."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
*1n<f be it fuithcr cnncteJ. That notwithstanding the pro-
visions of tiie ninth section of the act heieby amended,
wheieby manuUetmeis an: exempt ftom the payment of
an income t.ix deuved iiom any articles nianulaetuied, on
which spneitie, stamp, or ad valorem duties* have been di-
rectly ;jsje>5sp<j in paid, Mich mnnufaetureis shall be liable
to pay a duty oi thiee per cent, on their annual gains, profit,
or income, as, in other cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that that ts provided for by an amendment
already adopted, stiikmg out manufacturers from
the exemptions.
Mr. HAIMUS. So that they shall pay the in-
come fax as well as anybody else?
Mr, FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mi. HA KRIS. That accomplishes the object.
I have not seen that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will show the Senator
what it is,
Mr. HARRIS. I think it is very important.
In tiie bill of last year it is in the ninety-first sec-
tion; but I have not found it in the bill of this
year, the bill before the Senate, at ail.
Mr. FESSENDEN". It is the very last of the
printed amendments, to insert, on page 13, after
line two hundred and ninety-six, that section
ninety-one be amended by att iking out the word
" g«\s° wherever it occurs, and by striking out the
words " or on any articles manufactured " after
the word "advertisements." Those were ex-
empted before, and are now struck out in the ex-
emption list. Thataccomplishes all the Senator's
put pose.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 will look at it; and if itdoes
not accomplish it, 1 will move the amendment in
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no question
about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York withdraw the amendment
proposed by him ?
Mr. HAKItlS. For the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 11, line two hundred
and foi ty-six, section one, after the word " one,"
I move to insert the word " half;" so that the
clause will read:
On minc'in! or medicinal waters, nr waters fiom spiing*
impregnated wiih mineiah, one halt' eeut lor each bottle
containing not im ie than one quart, &e.
One cent is too much.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SUMNER.- On page 10, line two hundred
and twenty-seven, section one, I move to strike
out all of the clause after the word "provided,"
in the following words:
That when the cloth or materiel from which such sails,
tents, shades, awning-*, or bag-; were made way imported,
or lias been subject to and paid a duty, there shall be levied
and collected a duty of one per cent, ad valorem.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the sewing of sails, tem^, shades, awnings, carpet*,
arid bags ^Jiali tie exempt from duty where the cloth or
material fiom which they are made was imported or baa
been subject to and paid a duiy.
The simple object of the amendment is to ex-
empt the merfi sewing of sails, carpets, and bags
from a duty.
As you will see, it is not essentially a manu-
facture, and it is usually done by humble persons
who cannot afford to pay any duty like this. It
ought not to be imposed.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 suggest to the gentleman
to put in another qualification: "where the mate-
rial belongs to the employer."
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think that is essen-
tial. It seems to me that I have everything that
is essential there, when I say "if the matei ml has
already paid a duty."
Mr. COLLAM&R. That would include clothes
and everything else. I move to amend the amend-
ment as I suggested, by inserting in the proper
place the words: "the materials thereof belonging
to the employer."
Tiie amendment to ihe amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill on
page 97, by striking out all of the twelfth section
after the word "that," down to and including
the words "aforesaid, and" in the eighteenth line,
in the following words:
No duty «hatl be leqmred to be as«e«scd or collected on
beet, lagei beer, ale, oi purler, brewed oi muimfaiuured, or
on coal itinmin.uiii^ oil, u'tincd, piodnced by the distilla-
tion of coal, asphultum, "-hale, peat, petroleum, oi rock oil,
when biewed. manntni'tuied, oi distilled puor to the l>i
day ot'isepo'iiiijci, 1K>2 win tlnr the same \va • removed for
consumption oi sale or nor, when the ownei, a<*ent, or su-
perintendent of tiie bieweiy oi pie m>cs in winch such ar-
iielcs as aioie«,aid Weie made, lnaiunactuied. pioduced, or
distilled, shall furnMi to the a-sessor of the de-Ut iet. without
costs or expense ro the United States, satisfactory pi oof that
such beer, lager beer, ale, or porfi, ot Mich coal illumin-
ating oil, refined, pioduc (,d b> the distillation of ooai, asphat-
tum, shale, peat, petiolemn, oi rock oil, dis-tilled spirits,
cotton or woolen tabries, was actually bievved. manufae-
tured, pioduecd,or distilled prior to the 1st day of Septem-
ber, I860, as aloie&aid. And
Mr. FESSENDEN, It will be necessary to
strike out the woids "provided <hat," in the
twenty-seventh line, also.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; and the word « fur-
ther," in the thirty-second line, ought to be
stricken out, also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be done after
the question is tak *n on the first, amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the' amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWE. I will call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can move it again
in the Senate, and have the yeas and nays taken
there.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. J will move to amend by strik-
ingout the twenty-sixth section of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That tsa very important
section, and is designed to remedy an evil of which
great complaint is made.
Mr. HOW E. I may be wrong about it, but it
strikes me either the twenty-sixth section of this
bill ought to be stricken out, or else the sixty-
thiid section of the act to whi'di this is amenda-
tory ought to be repealed. The sixty-thiid sec-
tion provides that persons removing from a place
in which they are licensed to carry on any busi-
ness, may assign the light to carry on the busi-
ness to their representatives, or to any assignee,
without taking out any new license. This sec-
tion provides that any person removing may,
without paying any additional sum, have a right
to carry on the same business at the placc to winch
they may remove; so that in the case of a removal
the person removing may assign his right to carry
on business at the place he leaves, and he may
obtain from the collector the right to carry on the
. same business at the place to which lie removes.
} Thus you would have two persons carrying on
! the same business,and only one license obtained.
