1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
INCOMPETENT COMMISSIONED OFFICERS.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee, '
maije an adverse report on the resolution to in- !
quire into the expediency of providing for the dis- i
cimrge of incompetent commissioned officers of I
the United States Army; which was laid upon the !
tabic, and oidered to be printed. j
CHANGE OF VESSELS' NAMES. !
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the Committee !
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of sundry papers relative to the :
change of names of certain vessels, and that they
^e refened to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
AKSKXAL AND ORDNANCE DEPOT.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military J
Affairs, repented back House hill No. 97, to estab-
lish an arsenal and ordnance depot on the tide-
water of New York harbor; which was referred ;
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the accompanying report, or-
deied to be punted.
LANMAN's DICTIONARY Of CONGRESS.
Mr. BAILY,from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiuu there be pimtcd for llio use of the present
flou^o "t Kc|)U's.«'iuatives the lobular number of copies, ot
awoifc prepared by the Lihiarian, which he otters as an
appiopt iato nule\ to the public documents in the Libiaiy;
the oopytiffht or s^aid woi k to he vested itt the name of the
compib'i : Provided, Tiiut no d-'UMiul for compensation be
made by him loi the u>c of said number of copies.
Mr. HUTCEI1NS. I move that the resolution
he laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio,demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this a catalogue of the
books in the Libruiy, or a book of biographical
sketches of members of Congress?
Mr. BALLY. I hold a copy of the book in my
hand.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my colleague to post-
pone his lesoiution until wc can look into it.
Mr. BAILY. I am willing to do that.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 undeistand that this is a
book of biogtaphical sketches of members of Con-
gress, written by themselves, and which it is now
proposed to publish at the Government expense.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVnmont. I ask the gen-
tleman fiom New York, (Mr. Clark,] who is a
member of the Committee on Printing, whether
this is iea!ly an index of tho books in the Libi ary,
or a sort of biographical dictionary of certain
members of Congress ? 11 it be the latter, we do
not want tiiw to consider it.
Mr. CLARK. It is not a list of books in the
Library, but the book to which the gentleman
refeis.
The question was taken; and it. was dccided in
the affirmative*—yea.s 82, nays 35; as follows:
Aidiidi, Alley, Arnold. Ashley, H«i\-
ter, Ht'iuuiui, jitnuham, Jacob B. iilau. Blake, (\unp-
bell, C.m'v. Chamberhmi, (.Matk, Clement-. Kinloiirk A.
(Johkluui/Oaveiif., D.ivi-, P,uvc<, Dnnlap. Dunn,
Ediic!ton. 1 «il\v.utl*-. TO 1 usi, Kl\, Thomas A !)• I'Vwiidfti,
franehot. (j«>tidwm,llraiia[ci.({ridei, Gin ley. llaidnm. Hat •
nson. iloltn.ii), 1 h>oper. Uim-lnti-, Juliai., K< ilcv. Fiuikh
\V. IvePoy^* l\iltiim<K L.iu-intc, Lnoun^, Lovejoy. Low,
McKinjrhi " Mallot\, .Mm-ion. "Mucln'IK Mnoihrad, Jti-tiii
S. < Miu, I'.nton, Timotln U. I'lieip-. I'ikt . i'oiiei,
1'oltei. Joint II. Jiice. ll'tiilli , lid \\ aid 11. Koihn-, Suru> nt,
ick, Shank-. Mi«dlahaiK< r, ^ln'iinan. Sloan, Ste-
ven^ Snatton. Tt itnble, 'l'io\\ bi nine. \ alUiidi hain, Van
Horn, Van W\ek, Venee. Waller. Walla.-. Wa-hburne.
VVhc'-lei, Albeit c*. White, Ulnlton A White. WiUon.
Windom, and Won-e-tci—fe.2.
NAYS—Me-bts William Allen, William J. Alien, An-
cotia, Bail}, Bufliiiton, Calven. Ko-coe t'oaklmu, <"ov.
Cn-liekl, Cutler. Ft.ink, Johnson, iv!ia|>p. Law, iiC,n\,
Ma-, tiaid, Noble, Notion, Nuueti, I't ice, Alexander II.
Rice. Kubin-oti, Shcliield, sSlnel, Mm!ii. t-pauUlinu, John B.
Steele, William G. cle, Bfiij.uinn 1'. Tuoina-,
'Fniuci- Tliotna^j Vibbatd. Wickulle. Wooiiiull, and \ ea-
man — \io.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. BUTCF1LNS mined to leconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid upon the table;
and also moved that th<- motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The lattui motion was agreed to.
AFDITIUXAL SOLDIERS.
The committees having been called through for
re^n'ie>SPJEA.K.EIt announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the consideration of a bill (H.
R. No. 675) to i*ause additional soldiers for the ser-
vice of the Government, postponed from Wednes-
day, January 21, until this day.
Mr. STEVENS, lam anxious to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole and finish the finance ques-
tion; and therefore 1 move to postpone thefuither
consideration of that bill until to-morrow, and that
i^be made a special order for that day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that.
Mr. STEVENS. "VViEl it he in order to move to
suspend the inles for that purpose?
The SPEAKER. Nut until after the expiration
of the morning; hour.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move simply that the
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out " to-morrow" and inserting u the 3d day of
March next;" and upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 4o, nays BO, as follows:
V I'j -\S—Mi'wr-s. William Allen, B.ulv, Bnldlr, Jnoob B.
Blair, (.'ahett. t'o\, Ciavons Cttslieid. Dmilap, Grtdet,
liardtnu, Hanson, Ilolmim, Jolm-on, William KcIIojkj,
Keincan. Knapp, Law, Lean, Malloiy, M.i>, Mavnaid,
Moiih, Noble, Yuiton, Niiscii. Pi'iidlefiti. I'rtce, R.ilutt^on,
Segar, Shiel, Smith. Joint B Steele, Wilham G Steele,
Stile-, Benjannn F. Thotna:-, Fuineis Thomas, VallamhK-
ham. \ tbbaid, Wad-wotih, Wluilej. Chilton A. White,
Wicklili'e, WoodrulK and Vtjainan—■1.">.
Ahh ieh, Allev, Arnold, Ashley, Hahbitt,
Baket, Baxtei, Beaman, Bm^hatn, Blake, Butlinton, Butn-
iiam, Campbell, Chainhciluni, Clark, Clejuent-, Ftedetick
A. Conklinjj. Conway. CuUei, l)avi«>. Dunn, lkk'Tton, Ed-
waids, Eliot, Ely, Samuel C Fe.—endeti, 'J'tunna- A. I).
Fe-s.-eiuUii, Filler, l^ianciioi, Frank, Goodwin, Hickman,
Hooper, Hutching, Julian, Kclloy, Fianeis \VT. Kellnyg,
Killtneei. Lan-inij, Loonu^, L< ve|oy, iMcKean, MciMiei-
snn, MiU*hell, Ail-on I'. jMotiill, Jn-tm S. Motull, Numi,
Olin, I'anon, Timoth) (.J 1'belp-, l'ik<', r nneiov, I'ottei,
Al"\amlei II. Un-e, John II R e<\ Ritidle. F.dward H. l*o.
lm«, riaisent, Sedgwick, Shank>, Sheftiehl, Sheilah:u<;<'i,
Sheiman, Sloan. Spanldm^. Sieven--, Stiatton, Tumble,
'ft ovvbrnlffc. Van Hoin, Van \\ vck, Vet i ee. Walker, Wal-
lace, Wa^ihmnc, Whe«-lct, Albeit S. Wlutu, Wilson,
Windom, and WoteeHer—BO.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of ihe roll—
Mr. STEELE, of New Jeisey, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Cobb, was confined to his room by
sickness.
The motion was then agreed to, and the consid-
eration of the bill was accordingly postponed until
to-moi row.
KKVBNUE CL'TTEll FUJtVICE.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a question of privilege.
On the J Lth of ^ nly last, theie was a bill passed
by the blouse of Representatives in relation to the
commihsioncdoffiecrsof thoUnited Statesievcnue
cutter service. The bill was sent to the Senate,
and thf'fi"' amended and sent back to the House.
The House non-concurred in the amendments,
and asked ucommittee ofconference. That brought
us to the fast day of the session, and an error was
then committed by notifying the Senate that the
House had concurred in their amendments, in-
stead of non-concui iing. It was too late at that
lime to ienjedy t he difiicuhv, and the consequence
is Hun the hill now remains unacted on. I now
ctsk that tlie Clctk of ihe House mfotm the Senate
that the announcement made to that body, at the
last session, of the action of the House upon their
amend men ts to [-j ouse bill No. 5G1 was erroneous;
and that he communicate the action which actually
did take place.
No objection being made, it was ordered accord-
mgly.
Mr. STEVENS. I mo\e that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Commiitee i-f the Whole on the state of the Union.
" Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me that I may introduce a bill.
Mr. STEVENS, "f withdtaw in favor of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
LOUfWlLLK TUItNPTKK KOAD COMPANY.
Mr. WICKLIFFfi. I ask the unanimouscon-
senf of th'% House to introduce a bill f«>r the relief of
the Louis\ lite Turnpike Road Company, of Ken-
tucky. Tho budges on that road were burned by
endei of General Nelson, <ts a military necessity;
and it is now a matter of military necessity that
. they should be rebuilt.
1 No objection hem": made—
Mr. WICKLIFFE introduced a bill for the
benefit of the president and directors of the Lou-
isville Turnpike Road Company, in Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs*
BRANCH MINT IN NEVADA.
Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous consent,re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means ahill (H. R. No. 663) to establish a branch
mint of the United States in the Territory of Ne-
vada, and moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
made a special order for Wednesday of next week,
and that the bill and report be printed.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. i object to the
special order part of the motion.
Mr. STRATTON. Then 1 will omit that, as
it is out of order.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
WASHINGTON LKCTUUE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. OLIN. I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce the following icsolution:
RvsolvoU That the u^e of this Hall be given to the Wash-
ington Lecture Association tor six evenings, commencing
on Fuday, Jauuaiy 30, instant, continuing once each week
theicaiter.
Mr. WICKLIFFE objected to the introduction
of the resolution.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ALDRICH, and by unani-
lnouR consent, tiie following Senate biils were
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred as indicated below:
An act (No. 45G) to enable the President to ne-
gotiate a treaty with the Kalmath and Modoc In-
dians, and for other purposes—to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
An act (No. 418) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the Governor of Minnesota,
or his authorized agent, the costs, charges, and
expenses incurred m suppressing Indian hostili-
ties within tlmt State and upon its borders in the
year 3862—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ACCBPTAXC15 OF MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr.H ARR.ISON, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tli.it thr Mihtaiv Committee be directed to itl-
quiM' into the fxpeilicno ot ilu act autliouzing the
I'rcs-Uli'nt to accept, foi thiee year* or <luiui!  the war, tile
siM-vicc~ ot .uiy company or r^giim-iitof nifantiy 01 cavalry
OI battely tli.it nniv be li'n.lerM to him from any State in
the Union, anil without any limitation as to the numbers
to be accepted; and that said committee repoit by bill or
otlierwi.-.e.
CHANGE OF CIRCUITS OF TEE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BINGHAM. The objection to Senate bill
No. 437, which was made the other day by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kisllogg,] has been
withdrawn. It is a bill to provide simply for a
change of the seventh and eighih circuits of the
United States. It lias no other legal effect, [un-
derstand theie is no objection to it cither in the
Senate or 111 this House, and 1 am informed by one
of the judgesof the Supreme Couit that its imme-
diate passage is necessary to the administration of
justice. I therefore ask that the bill be now put
upon its passage.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No. 437)
to amend an acientitled " An act to amend the act
of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled ' An act supple-
mentary to an act entitled 'An act to amend the
judicial system of the United States,'" was taken
up for consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion upon its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
ii Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
ij by which tin bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF PAYMASTERS' CLERKS,
i Mr. VERREE. I ask the unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
; Rem vat. That the Committee on Naval Affairs be tn-
! stlacted to mqhne into the i-xpiaLrm-y ol liieiMa-all"tlie pay
> ot elerkb ot pajm.isti-ri. in tin: N.iv;,and to who" "Xt<>nr,if
! any.
1 Mr. McPHERSON objected.
