520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ADVANCES OF STATES TO PAY SOLDIERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent,introduced the folio wing" resolution; which
was read, considered, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs:
Resolved, That if any State shall provide by Jaw for tlie
payment, within said State, of the wages or allotments of
any orall ofits volunteers in the service of the United States,
or for the advancement oi the same to theii families or other-
wise, the Seeretaiy of the Treasury be, and lie is hereby,
authorized to make any such contracts and nnangements
with the Governor of said State as he may deem suitable
and pioper to reimbuise said State for all payments and ad-
vancements so made, together with interest thereon, at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, from the date when such
wages shall be due.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solveitseif into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
* The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Pike in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the
WAYS AND MEANS BILL.
The CHAIRMAN announced the question un-
der consideration to be the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr, Stevens] on Friday last; which was
as follows:
Strike out all after the word " that," and insert:
The Secretary of tlu  'lreasuiyis hereby authorized to
borrow, ou ttio credit of the United ritates, fiom time to
time, and in such amounts as shall be needed tor the seivice
ofthe current and next fiscal your, in such forms and atsuch
rates ofinfereft, not exceeding six percent, per annum, as
in his judgment the public interest may icqinre, the sum
Of $900,000,000, and to issue tor any part of that amouut
coupon or regusteied bonds, payable m com at any tune
after twenty years fiom dale, at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment, oi bunds payable after any less tunc than twenty
yearn, and he may, in his discretion, di-pose of said bond;*
at any time upon the best teims lie can obtain, not less than
par, ior lawful money ot the United States, or lor any of the
certificate* of indebtedness that maj at any tunc be unpaid,
or tor any of the interest-bearing legal tender notes which
may be issued undei the piovisions of tins act. And all the
bonds and interest bearing legal tender notes issued under
tiie provisions of this act -shall be exempt from taxation by
or under State authority.
Sec. 2. *rtnd be it further enacted, That the Seeretaiy of
the Treasury be, ami he is hereby, authorized to issue, on
the credit of the United States, any pait of the aforesaid
*uin of $900,000,000 in legal tender notes, beamrg interest, •
payable semi-annually in com, at the late of one cent per
day for each $100, being at the i ate of 3.f>r> per cent, pci
annum, and redeemable at the pleasure of the Government
at the Treasury ofthe United States, and of such denomi-
nations na he ma> deem expedient, not lev* than ton dol-
lars each: Provided, Th.it theie shall be issued and out-
standing of bonds and rnteiest-beai ing legal tender notes at
any time midei ihe piovk-aons of this act 110 greater amount
altogether than the <um ol $900.000,u00. And such notes
herein authorized shall lu;'receivable in payment of all
taxes,excise, internal duties, debis, and demands ofevetv
kind due to the United States, iwcepi duties on impoits. and
of all claim* and demands against the United ^tate.^oiYvery ;i
kind whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds, winch n
shall be paid in com, and shall also be lawful money and a \
legal tender in payment of alJ debt-, public and pnvate, jj
within the United States, except duties on impoits and j
interest a> aloiesaid: Provided, That no mteiest shall be "
deemed due and payable upon said intcicst-beanng legal
tender notes, when tendered in payment ot public oi private
debts, for a less period than six months, or any fractional
part of six months tiiereaftei, except when any of^aid notes
are received for loans to the United Htatcs. in which ra^e
the interest shall U". allowed •• Jlnd provided further, That
no interest shall be paid on said interest bear um legal tetulei
notes unless presented in sum.- ofiiiry dollar^ or the mul-
tiple of fifty dollars; and the Seeretaiy of thcTreasurymay
from time to tune, as the exigencies of the public service
may require,issue any amount oi intere^t-heai ing legal tend-
er notes lieiuin authorized equal to the amount redeemed
or paid into theTiea-ury. Tln-te shall be punted on the
interest-bearing legal tender notes which may be issued i
under the prov l-ions of this act the amount of interest which j
will have accumulated at the end oi each siv months horn
the date thereof lor Mich peuod as the Secietaiy of the :
Tieasuiy may designate, and wmd-5 importing that the note
is a legal tendei in ptjimfct of all dibLs, public and private, j
within the United btates, except duties ou impoits and in- i
terest on the public debt, and is receivable tot any bonds of i
the United States which the Secretary ol the Tieasuiy may
from time to time offer for sale And said notes shall be !
issued and bear date at -such times as the Secretary of the '
Treasury may designate. j
Sfo. 3. Jlnd be U jurtker cnactcd, That the Secretary i
of the Tieasury be, and he is hereby, authorized, if in his :
opinion it shall be advisable, to exchange any amount of i
tno interest-bearing legal lender notes authorized to be is- |
sued by this act lor any ot the bonds of the United States I
seven and three tenths percent. Treasury notes, orceitifi' :
eatets of indebtedness.
Sec. 4. J3nd le it further enacted, That the amount of
non interest bearing legal tender notes, as soon as practica-
ble, shall be leduced to, and the maximum amount there-
after shall not cxcecd §300,000,000.
rtre. 5.  5/i d be it further enacted, That in lieu of postage
and rev. auc stamps for Pactional currency. the Seeretaiy
of the Treasury may issue fractional notes of like amounts,
in such foim as he may deem expedient, and may provide
for the engiaving and preparation thereof in the Treasury
Depaitmeut building; and all such notes issued shall be re-
ceived in payment of postage and revenue stamps, and of
any dues to the United States less than five doilars, except
customs, and shall be exchangeable at the office of the
Treasurer ot the United Stales, or of any Assistant Tieas-
uror, or designated depositary for United States notes of an
equivalent amount: Provided, That the whole amount of
fractional currency issued, including postage and revenue
stamps issued as currency, shall not cxceed $30,000,000.
Sec. 6. Jindbe it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to receive deposits of
coin and bullion with the Treasurer, or any Assistant Treas-
urer, ofthe United States, in sums not less than twenty
dollars, and to issue receipts therefor in denominations of
yot less than twenty dollars each, and corresponding with
the denominations of the Government notes not bearing in-
terest; the coin deposited for or representing said iect-ipts
shall be letained in the Treasury for the payment of such
receipts on demand, and for no other purpose whatever, ex-
cept that such leccipts representing coin held in the Tieas-
ury foi payment of in terest on the public, debt may be issued
in payment ofsuch interest to an extent not beyond one fifth
more than the amount of com in the Tieasury, and such
receipts shall be leeeived at par in payment toi duties on
impoits as com.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the United States
notes and the coupon or registered bonds authorized by this
act shall be in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct, and shall bear the written or engraved signa-
tures of the Treasurer of the United Stales and the Register
of the Tieasury, and also, as evidence of lawful issue, the
imprint of a copv of the seal of the Treasury Department, <
which imprint shall be made under the direction of the Sec-'
ictary, alter the said notes or bonds shall be received from
the engravers and before they are issued ; or the said notes
and bonds shall be signed by the Treasurer of the United
States, or for the Treasurer by such persons as may be spe-
cially appointed by the Secretary of the Tieasury for that
purpose, and shall be countersigned by the Register of the
Treasury, or for the Register by sueh persons as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may specially appoint for that pur-
pose ; and all the piovisrons of the act entitled u An act to
authorize the issue of Treasury notes," approved the 23d
day of December, 1857, so far as they can be applied to this
act, and not inconsistent therewith, are hereby revived and
reetuieted.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in Older to pre-
vent and punish counterfeiting and fraudulent alterations
of the bonds, notes, and fiactional cuiieucy authorized to
be issued «by this act, all the piovisioiis of the sixth ami sev-
enth sections of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
issue of Untied States notes, and for the ledemption or fund-
ing thereof, and tor funding the floating debt of the United
States/1 approved February 2o. Ib62, shall, so tar as appli-
cable, apply to the bondJ, notes, and fractional cutieiicy
hcicby authorised to be i.-sued, in like manner as if Ihe said
sixth and seventh s -cUons were hereby adopted as addi-
tional sections of tins act. And the sum of$600,000 is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropuated, to enable the Secretary of the Tieasury
to carry this act into etiect.
Sec. 9. Jlnd he it further enacted, That so much of the
act to authorize the issue of United States notes, and lor the
redemption and funding thereof, and for funding the float-
ing debt of the United States, approved Febiuaiy 25.186-2,
as authoiizcs the issuing of bond* to an amount not exceed-
ing $">.H>,O()O,000, and so much of said act an authorizes the
Seeietarv of the Treasury to receive legal tender note* on
deposit at a late of interest not exceeding five per cent, per
annum to be withdrawn at ten days' notice, and a11 other
act-' and parts of' nets, ^o far as thev authorize the Secre-
tary of the TienMiry to isMie bonds of any denomination,
aie hereby repealed: Provided, That such acts or part-5 of
act-*, so far as they have been executed, shall be and lemain
in full force so far as to require the full and faithful execu-
tion ot all contracts entered into under and  y vntua of such
nets.
Sec. 10. Jlndhe it further cnactcd, That the provisions of
the act entitled "An act to pi ovule for the better organiza-
tion of the Tieasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenues," ap-
proved August 6, J846, be, and the same are hcteby, so far
modified as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, at
hN discretion, to allow any money obtained from loans or
lntei rial revenue to be deported in solvent banks, to the
credit of the Treasurer of the United States, upon deport-
ing, by said batiks, with ihe Treasurer an amount ot Uni-
ted States bonds oi interest-bearing Tiea-ury notes equal
to riich deposits, respectively, as security for the payment
thereof; and from time to time the Secietiry of theTreas-
uty may use such deposits, by diaft oi check, to pay any of
the ci editor 301 the Government, or for trausfei to the Treas-
ury o\ awhoiizcd «V'po- itoueS.'
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enaded ,T\\at all banks, asso-
ciations, or corporations and individuals issuing or reissu-
ing notes, bills, certificates, or tickets, for circulation as cur-
rent'}, after April 1, 1863, in sums representing any frac-
tional part of a dollar, shall be subject to, and pay a duty of,
five per cent, each half year thereafter upon the amount of
such fractional notes or bills so Issued.
The pending question was upon the motion of
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, to strike nut from
lines fourteen and fifteen the words li not less than
par."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no wish
to discuss my amendment further.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say only one word
in opposition to the amendment ofthe gentleman
from Vermont. My great object in leaving it at
par is that the bonds of the United States shall
not, by our legislation, be in advance reduced be-
low par. If your sub.s'itute prevail?, there can
be no necessity for this amendment, because the
three sixty-fives, being legal tender, can always
be put out as an investment, and there will be 110
necessity to sell the bonds below par. That is
all I desire to say. '
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, ofVermont,
to the substitute was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's sub-
stitute.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by striking out the eighth section, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the eighth section agreed
to by the Committee of the "Whole 011 the state
of the Union, imposing a tax upon bank currency,
and which is as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That all banks, asso-
ciatron«, corporations, or individuals, issuing notes or bills
for circulation as cunency, shall be subject to and pay a
duty of one per cent, each half year from and alter Apnl
1, 1SS3, upon the average amouut ol the cneuldtion of
notes or bills as currency, issued beyond the amount here-
inafter named—that is to say: Banks, associations, cor-
porations, or individuals having a capital of not over
$100,000, ninety per cent, thereof; over $100,000 arid not
over $200,000, eighty per cent, thereof; over .$200,000 nnd
not over $300,000. seventy per cent, thereof; over.$300,000
and not over .§300,000, sixty per cent, thereof; over $500,000
and not over £1,01)0,000, fifty per cent, thercol; over
$1,000,000 and not over $1,500,000, foitvper cent, theieof;
over $1,500,000 and not over $2,UOU,OOD, tliiity per cent,
thereof; over $2,000,000, twenty-five per cent, thereof. Iu
the case of banks with blanches, tire duty herein provided
for shall be imposed upon the circulation of the notes or
bills ofsuch branches severally, and not upon the aggregate
circulation of all; and the amount of capital of each branch
shall be considered to be the amount allotted to or used by
such branch: Provided, That all banks, associations, or
corporations, and individuals issuing or reissuing notes or
bills for circulation as currency after April I, 1K63, m turns
ippresentingany fractional part of a dollar, shall be subiect
to and pay a duty ot live per cent, each half yeai thereafter
upon the amount of such fiactional notes or bills so issued.
And a list or leturn shall be made ami rendered withm
thirty days after the 1st day of October, 1863, and each six
months thereafter, to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, which shall contain a true and faithtul account ofthe
amount of duties accrued, or which should accrue, oti the
lull amount of the fractional note cncuiation and on the
average amount of all other circulation for the six months
next pieecding, as atorosaul, during the time when such
duties remain unaccountcd lor. And thcie &haH be annexed
to every such list or leturn a declaration, under oatn or af-
firmation, to be made in form and manner a-5 shall be pre-
scubed by the Cormiiissionci of Internal Revenue, of tie
president or some other proper officer of said bank, a.ssoci
ution, corporation, or individual, respectively, that the same
contains a true and faithful account of the duties whicn
have accrued or which should accrue, and not accounted
for; and for any default in the deliveiy ofsuch list or return,
with such declaration annexed, the bank, association, cor-
poiation, or individual, making such default, shall forfeit,
as a penalty, the ^um ol $500- Ami such bank, association,
corporation, or individual.shall, upon rendenngtbe li^t or
return, as aforesaid, pay to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue the amount of the duties due on such h-t 01 re-
turn, and in default thereof shall forfeit, as a penalty, the
suinof,§500; and in case ot neglect or refusal to make such
list or return, as aforesaid, or to pay the duties, as aforesaid,
for the space of thirtvdays after the tunc when sard list
should have been made or rendered, or when said duties
shall have become due and p.iwible, the assessment and col-
lection shall be made aceouling to the genei.'l piovisiona
pieseribed in an act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to suppoi t the Government and to pay interest 9gi
the public debt,'" approved July 1, 18G2.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to my colleague's amendment. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the word
" issuing,"in the second line, and insertmgin lieu
thereof the words " having authority to issue."
Mr. McICNIGHT. I have no objection to thai
amendment. I accept it as a modification.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With the. per-
mission of tiie author of this amendment, I inquire
of him whether, in his judgment as a lawyer, Con-
gress has power to impose this tax—a tax upon
the franchises or upon the issue of banks char-
tered by States ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have not a doubt thai
Congress has that power under the power given
to Congress to regulate the currency of the coun-
try. I think Congress has this power,and I be*
lieve it has been so decided. I will state that I
should, of course, prefer the amendment wluch I
offered last week in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, but as that has beeTl
voted down, I am not such a stickler for my owi
amendment as to move it again. I am wiiimg i«
accept the proposition of the Committee of Waj r
and Means agreed to by ihe Committee of th
Whole 011 the state of the Union. The gemlitnat
calls this my amendment. The House knows wet;
that this is not my amendment, but the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means, which was
concurred in by a large majority, I behev«, in tho
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union
