1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If this amendment shall be adopted, I am prepared
to vote for the substitute of my colleague, [Mr.
Stevens.] I think that if this amendment shall
be adopted, the substitute will command a great
many votes in the House which it otherwise can-
not. My amendment does not embrace the tax
upon deposits. I believe that that amendment im-
posing a tax upon deposits was adopted late in |
the day, and after a great many gentlemen had left
the House, and I believe that it could not prevail
in a full House.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I havenodoubt
that Congress lias the power to exemptfrom tax-
ation, even by the States, such bonds as may be
used for the purpose of borrowing money. Prob-
ablyall will admit that power to be an adjunct to
the power to borrow money. Imposts may also
be laid by Congress upon property in States; but
if it has ever been decided that Congress has the
power to impose a tax upon privileges expressly
reserved to the States, and by them exempted from
taxation, I should like to see the authority. With-
out at this time expressing any opinion upon the
question, I suggest it to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and to others. It seems to be admitted
upon all sides now, that although the States may
not emitbills of credit, they may charter corpo-
rations with banking privileges. To the States
themselves this power is reserved by the Consti-
tution. I base this proposition upon what Mr.
Madison called " the universal acquiescence of the
American people" for fifty years, and upon the
decisions of the Supreme Court, made not only in
later days, but in the days of the gieat Chief Jus-
tice. Now, if the States have reserved to them-
selves expressly thisrightto give to corporations
and institutions certain franchises, 1 want to know
whether the power can at. the same time exist in
the General Government to take away these fran-
chises, or to tax tliern out of existence? That is
the point; and if there is any authority upon it, I
wish the gentleman from Pennsylvania would re-
fer us to it. Without venturing an opinion upon
it now, I suggest that it is a question of gieat
magnitude and some difficulty.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will read the first para- j
graph of section eight of the Constitution:
• ■ 'I'ile Confess shall liave power to lay ami collect taxes,
,Uuk.V; impo-l/-, and excises, tn pay tiie debts and piovide
for the common defence and geneial welfare of the United
States : but .i!t duties, imposts, and exeiscs sliall be uiuloun
thiougiiout tlie United State?." j
Now, provided it is uniform, as proposed heie, .
I do not see why we are precluded fiom laying I
this tax upon all the ciiculation of banks through- :
out the United States. !
Mr. McIvnjcut's amendment was disagreed to. j
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's sub- j
stitute for the bill. ;
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers. ( j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sheffield, j
and Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed, j
The committee divided, and the tellers reported j
 ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
So the substitute was rejected. j
Mr. COLFAX. 1 now offer as a substitute for \
the cntne bill of the Committee of Ways and ■
Means as amended, the substitute offered on Fii-
day evening by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ste\ens] with the section in regard to tax-
in" bank circulation, as printed in the amended
bid of the Committee of Ways and Means, added
,0Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is that in order?
Mr. COLFAX. There has been no vote taken
on the conjoint propositions m that form.
The CHAIRMAN. The a mend mentis in order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
as this amendment is renewed in another foim,
which the Chair says is in order, I want to make
a remark which I was about to make to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr, McKnight,]
when debate on his amendment exhausUd itself.
The provision of the Constitution, next to that
which the gentleman read, giving to Congress the
power to borrow money, may very well imply
the power to exempt from taxation the secmities
upon which the borrowing occurs, ltis tolerably
plain sailing so far. That is a power vested in
Congress for the advantage oi the General Gov-
ernment, which the States cannot impair; aim 1
ask the gentU man from Pennsylvania when an-
other now el'—to wit, the power of giving char-
tered privileges to corporations—is reserved to the
States for their advantage, why the very same
reasoning does not obtain there and prevent the
General Government from taking it away 5 If it
be true that the States cannot tax, and tax out of
existence, the securities of the General Govern-
ment issued for its purposes, how does it happen
that the General Government may tax, and tax
out of existence, securities issued under the au-
I thority of the States for this purpose?
I Mr. McKNIGHT. If the gentleman will per-
' mit me, I will take the Yankee plan of answering
his question by asking another. How does it hap-
pen that Congiess has power to impose a tax on
railroad passengers, when the railroad corpora-
tions are chartered by the different States, which
this Congress has done pretty unanimously ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
the provision referred to gives rise to a very differ-
ent question. It rests upon a different foundation;
and I would be glad to go into it if it would reflect
any light on this.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I think it will.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not think
it will. The tax he speaks of is on property. To
illustrate, I might ask the gentleman how it hap-
pens, when every State has a right to authotizc
companies for mining and manufacturing pur-
poses, that Congress has voted to tax the products
and profits of such companies? Such a tax is on
property. |
Mr. McKNIGHT. If my friend from New ,
Yoik will answer that, he will answer his own i
question, as they stand precisely alike, in my
opinion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
will pardon me one moment, I will slate the point,
and the point will answer his question. I ask
him how it happens that the States retain a par-
ticular right, to wit, the light of conferring an
exemption, an immunity, a privilege, something,
the very essence of which is freedom fromtoll or
tax, and that yet, at the same time, the General
Government can take it away ? How can Con- ,
gress say to the States, " you have a right to con- I
for it, to be sure, but if you do confer it, we will |
take it away ?" Docs the gentleman say that the
General Government can tax a railroad out of ex-
istence? Does he say we can tax anything but
its property ? Does lie say we can tax even the
property of a railroad for the purpose of annihi-
lation or destruction ? It' lie says this, be presents
a point which is first cousin, at least, to the point
which I presented to him.
But now I wish him to state to the committee
by what authority or by what process of reason-
in" lie proposes to lay a national tax directly on
an immunity conteired by the States, the veiy
essence of which is that it shall not be taxed.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have replied to the gen-
tleman's question before. I do not see a particle
of difference between taxing an immunity or fran-
chise of a railroad company, and taxing that of
a bank. They have certain privileges conferred
on them, and in ordinary times aie not taxed.
In war time, in order to sustain the Government,
Congress finds it necessary to impose a duty on
all ranks, trades, and coipoiations in the country.
The tax is laid unifoimhj by the Congress of the
United States, as provided tor by the Constitution
of the United States. The gentleman asksby what
power or light we propose to tax banks out of
existence. We do not propose to tax them out
of existence; we do not claim to have any such
power. I claim that this is a very reasonable tax;
much more reasonable than 1 would have imposed,
if I had the pnw T to fix it. Ihis tax is nothing'
unusual or unreasonable, but such as the banks
can well pay out of their profits; and it does not
at all conflict with the privileges conferred on them
by the State, alt which privileges and franchises
are, and must be, conferred by the States in sub-
ordination and subjection to the United States
Government. ,
Mr. R.OSCOE CONKLING. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word. Mr.
Chan man, if the gentleman is right ill the propo-
sition with which he concludes, as I understand
him, the thesis on which this amendment rests
falls to the ground. Because, however it may be
denied that the object is to tax bonks out of ex-
istence, it is patent on the face of the amendmtn ,
and is avowed all around, that the object^ is pro
tanto to tax them outof existence as to their i.gli.
to issue notes. The proposition is to tax circu-
lation above a certain point. Now, if you car
tax part of a franchise out of existence, why call
not you tax it all out?
The particular thing I ask of the gentleman froif
Pennsylvania is this: I understood him to say
the first time he was up, that it had been decide*
that this power exists. Now, I am pursuit!
knowledge under difficulties, and I am after that
authority. While it is being hunted up, I will
make another suggestion about the amendment at
large, offered by the gentleman from Indiana. I
understand the proposition is—I have not read it—
to issue not only legal tender notes, but to issue in-
terest-bearing legal tender notes. Now, I should
like to know—and I hope some gentleman will en-
lighten me—how payments are to be made in this
currency. Suppose a man wants to pay $1,000 in
ten-dollai notes. He examines the notes and finds
that one is worth $10 03 on account of tho length
of time it has been running; an other worth $,10 131,
another worth ^1017,and soon. Plow, practically,
are payments ever to be made in such a currency?
It was said by a gentleman near me—I am loth,
however, to appropriate his wit—thatit is claimed
this issue will not inflate the currency, and that the
reason is that it will take so long to count it that it
would not get out fast enough to inflate the curren-
cy. That may be a part of the design. But I should
like to know how mtercst-beai ing currency is to
be made to work with convenience. How is it to
pass from hand to hand as a non-interest-beariftg
medium does?
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, if the prop-
osition were entertained which I made on the floor
of the House, all difficulty would have been ob-
viated. That was to have printed on the back of
each note the amount of interest for every three
months. That, added to the amount on the face
of the note, would be the lawful tender. There
would bo nothing necessary but to look on the
back of the note and ascertain the amount.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Suppose that
payment were made in the middle of the thiee
months, how would the computation be made?
Mr. WALKER. My proposition was that no
fractional interest should be reckoned at all.
The question was taken on Mr. Roscoe Cowk-
ling's amendment to the amendment, and itwas
reject ed. ,
The question recurred on Mr. Colfax s amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr.HORTON. 1 move that the committee rise,
and report the. bill to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pikf, reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideiation, as a special older, the
bill (H. R. No. 659) to provfde ways and means
for the support of the Government, and hau in-
structed lum to report back the same to the House,
with sundry amendments, and with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. IIORTON. I move the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that until I offer an amendment.
Mr.HORTON. 1 withdraw it for that purpose,
ami for that purpose only. .
Mr.STEVENS. I move the amendment which
I offered on Friday, with the bank clause added.
Mr. IIORTON. I move the previous question
on the bill. I desire to have the undeistanding
with the House that any member who desues a
separate vote on any amendment can have it.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary to have
any suchunderstanding. Every member has the
rjo-ht to call for a separate vote on any amendment.
Jlr, LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question that I
may move the amendment which I offeied the other
day in regard to taxing bank currency, reducing
the rate one half.
Mr. IIORTON. I should be happy to say "yes
to anything that the gentleman asks, but I can-
notdo it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
allow us to have a vote on it.
Mr. HORTON. I must decline to withdraw
ill* demand for the previous question. _
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then let us vote it down. I
call fur tellers on seconding the demand for the
previous question.
' Tellers were not ordered.
