1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in section one hundred and fifteen of the act to which this
act is an amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 38, section
twenty-two, line thirty-seven, after the word
" business,'* to strike out the following" words:
And the Secretary of the Treasury, on the recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner of Interna! Revenue, is hereby
autlionzed to fix such additional rates of compensation to
be made to assistant assessors as may appear to be just and
equitable, and necessary to secure the services of compe-
tent and efficient men.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on pa^e 38, section
twenty-two, line forty-four, after the word "as-
sessors" to insert the words "and assistant as-
sessors. "
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 39, section
twenty-three, line thirteen, to insert the word
" the'* before the word " assessor."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 40, section
twenty-four, line two, after the word "shall" to
insert the word " knowingly."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out section
twenty-seven, as follows:
Sec.27,, Jindhe itfv.rlh.tr enacted, That all duties or taxes
assessed and collected under the act to winch this act is an
amendment, upon articles manufactured for and delivered
to the United State* under contracts made prioi to July 1,
1862, shall be refunded to the payer thereof, his heirs or
assign*, by the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any money
not otherwise appropriated, if demand therefor shall be
made at the Tieasury of the United States within twelve
months from the date of feuch payment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 42, section
twenty-eight, line two, to strike out " June" and
insert " September."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 45, section
thirty, line eight, after the word " paid" to insert
the words " shall be exempt from duty."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 46, section
thirty-three, line two, after the words " lard oil"
to insert the words " lubricating oil."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing, as a new section:
Sec. —. Jlwibeit further enacted, That from and after
the date when this act takes effect there shall be an allow-
ance or diawback on cordials and other liquors manufac-
tured wholly or in part of domestic distilled spirits, on
which a duty shall have been paid, equal in amount to the
dun paid on such spirits when exported, with such deduc-
tion ae the Secretary of the Treasury may think reasonable,
not exceeding five per cent, of the amount of duty so paid;
the amount to be ascertained in the manner and under the
regulations- prescribed in section one hundred and sixteen
©f~tho act to which thi* i* additional; and the same to he
subject to all the provisions of said section applicable there-
to: Provided. That no such allowance shall be made unless
the value of the spirit* used in such manufacture shall ex-
ceed one halfof the whole value of the article manufactured
as atoiesaid.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert on page 13,
after line three hundred and one, the following:
That section ninety-nine be amended by striking out the
words 11 ninety-three,*' preceding the words uot tins act,"
and inserting '''ninety-eight."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert on page 8,
after line one hundred and five, the following:
That section sixty-six be amended by striking out the
word? u twenty-seven" after tije word " number" and be-
fore the word <k extent," and inserting the words " twenty-
eight."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert on page 3,
after line fifty-four, the following:
That section fifty-five be, and hereby N, amended by in-
serting alter the words ''shall not be paid at the time of
rendering the account of the same.as heiein required," the
words '' oi at the time when they shall have become pay-
able."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 13, after line
two hundred and ninety-six, to insert the follow-
ing:
That section ninety-one be amended by striking out the
Word "gas" wherever it occurs, and by striking out the
words "or on any articles manufactured" after the word
'' advertisements."
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those are all
the amendments reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance. The Secretary will read the other amend-
ments that were made.
The Secretary proceeded to read them. The
first amendment was on page 10, line two hundred
and twenty-seven, after the word u provided," to
strike out the following words:
That when the cloth or material from which such sails,
tents, shades, awnings, or bags were made was imported,
oi has been subject to and paid a duty, there shall be levied
and collected a duty of one per cent, ad valorem.
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
That the sewiny of sails, tents, shades, awnings, carpets,_
and lings, the materials thereof belonging to the employer,
shall be exempt from duty when the cloth or material from
which they aie made was imported, or lias been subject to
or paid a duty.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and sixty, section one, to insert the following:
On all ships, barques, brigs, schooners, sloops, sail-boats,
steamboats, not including the engines, canal-boats, or
water-craft hereafter built, made, or constructed, two pei
cent.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 21, line
eighty-nine, after the word "time" where it last
occurs, to insert the words, " or indemnity
awarded for depredations or injuries by certain
bands of Sioux Indians."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 33, section
seventeen, line twenty,after the woid " dollars"
to insert the words " in the aggregate, nor more
than $5,000 exclusive of the expenses of admin-
istering the office;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, however, That the salary of no collector shall
exceed $10,000 m the aggregate, nor more than $5,000 ex-
clusive of the expenses of administering the office.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 35, at the
end of section nineteen, to insert the words: " and
exercise the privilege of franking all letters and
documents pertaining to the Office of Internal
Revenue."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 40, section
twenty-five, lines four and five, to strike out the
words " except in cities."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing a3 a new section:
Jlnd be it further enaclcd, That raw or unmanufactured
cotton, the growth or produce of countries beyond the Cape
of Good Hope, when imported from places this side of the
Cape of Good Hope, shall pay 110 greater duty than is im-
posed upon the same article when imported directly fiorn
tiie place of its production.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills and resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 534) for the relief of Caroline T.
Renshaw;
A bill (No. 53G) to incorporate the institution for
the education of colored youth in the District of
Columbia;
A bill (No. 540) to authorize the brevetting of
volunteer and other officers in the United States
service;
A bill (No. 543) to provide for the disposal of
certain lands therein named;
A bill (No. 546) for the relief of Margaret L.
Stevens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac I.
Stevens;
A bill (No. 393) concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and prize goods;
A bill (No. 557) to provide for issuing an Ameri-
can register to the steam vessel Maple Leaf;
A bill (No. 562) to facilitate the taking of
depositions within the United States to be used
in the courts of other countries, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 574) supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of persons for damages
sustained by reason of depredations and injuries
by certain bands of Sioux Indians," approved
February 16, 1863;
A joint resolution (No. 117) giving the thanks
of Congress to Major General William S. Rose-
crans, and the officers and men under his com-
mand, for their gallantry and good conduct in the
battle of Murfreesboro', Tennessee;
A joint resolution (No. 132) to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to obtain the, title to certain
property in the city of Denver, Colorado Terri-
tory, for the purposes of the branch mint located
in said place;
A bill (No. 506) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more certain
and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (No. 133) to grant the use of
a portion of Judiciary or Armory Square for a
home for destitute news-boys in Washington.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill (S. No.
554) to carry into*effect the convention between
the United States and the republic of Peru, signed
at Lima, on the 12th of January, 1863, for the set>
tlement of claims, with amendments; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 523) '
to promote the efficiency of the corps of engineers
and of the ordnance and quartermaster's depart-
ments, and for other purposes.
WAR COMMITTEE.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had concurred in the resolu-
tion of the Senate to extend the session of the
joint committee on the conduct of the war after
the adjournment of Congress, and to provide for
printing their report, with an amendment; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to know
what that amendment is. Perhaps we can concur
in it at once. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to add at
the end of the resolution the following words:
" of the present Congress."
Tire amendment was concurred in.
SUSPENSION OP THE HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up a
motion to reconsider House bill No. 519. I made
the motion some time since, at the request of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane.) I think it
will lead to no discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the motion submitted by him
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate reject-
ed the bill (H. R. No. 519) to increase the pay of
Edmund H. Brooke, chief clerk in the paymas-
ter's department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be discussion
on that. 1 shall oppose it.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I must insist on calling
up the report of the committee of conference on
the indemnity bill, which was laid aside until
seven o'clock' After that is before the Senate, if
this other matter can be disposed of informally
by unanimous consent, I will not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The motion
of the Senator from Kansas is in order, unless
some motion supersedes it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the report of the t
committee of conference in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not so understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding has
been that reports of committees of conference are
regarded as privileged questions. They have al-
ways been acted upon with that understanding in
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not generally
so; but the Chair is informed it is so by practice
at this period of the session.
Mr. FOOT. And the uniformity of the practice
for so long a time has settled it as the parliament-
ary law everywhere.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
adopt it as the practice of the Senate, and will rail
