THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tg the attention of the Senate the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 591) to
indemnify the President and other persons for sus-
pending1 the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
and acts done in pursuance thereof. It is now
before the Senate, and the question is on concur-
ring in the report.
Mr. WALL. I look upon this bill as fraught
in its consequences with more terrible mischief to
the best interests of tins country than any of the
dangerous projects that have sprung,like Minerva,
but without her wisdom, full armed from the busy
brain of the chairman of the Military Committee,
it is more pregnant with evil for the Republic than
was the belly of the Trojan horse to Ilium. And
now is the time, here the place, " where the wild
fig-trees join the walls of Troy," when all those
who would defend the palladium of constitutional
liberty must meet the foe and diive him back, if
it is not already too late. Here, if we must per-
ish, we should perish together. We must fight
to the last, for if this bill once passes there is no
Latium for us to fly to.
This bill clothes the President of the United >
States, with the aid of the conscription bill passed j
on Sunday morning, with the panoply of the vast j
powers and functions of a dictator. The dicta- i
tor who in the hour of a nation's peril came forth 1
from the Roman senate, with absolute will over i
the life, liberty, and property of the Roman citi-
zen, never had any more power than this bill con-
fers upon the President of the United, States.
When the decree for the appointment of a dicta-
tor went forth from the conscript fathers of Rome,
they vailed the statues of Liberty that stood in
every matket-place, in .every boarium, in every
forum, and in every temple throughout the vast
extent of the empire. The shrouded, silent forms
of this goddess gave notice everywhere to the
Roman citizen that his absolute rights were taken
away. But under this bill, Mr. President, there
will be no such notice to the citizen of this Re-
public. By this bill you place at the discretion of
the Piesident the grave power to suspend the
great writof right of the people of the entire coun-
try at his option. You actuajly confer upon him
the functions of a legislator, the right by his own
volition to suspend a law; a right which I hold
under the Constitution belongs alone to Congress;
and which it has no more right to delegate to him
than a trustee would have a right to delegate trust a
power. This bill is only an embodiment of that
pestilential political heresy with which this war
commenced—and to which I shall address myself
presently—that the right to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus was an executive and
not a legislative power—a political heresy boldly
sustained in this Chamber by the Senator from
JN'ew Jersey who preceded me, but who has now
gone, to enjoy his reward for having unlearned
the legal lessons that had been laughthim, where,
1 may say, the Democracy cease from troubling,
nnd the wearied politically are at rest—for it is a
life estate. I shall take occasion before 1 conclude
to allude to some of the points in his speech, for
the purpose of refuting them, and placing my pro-
test upon the record against, the infamous doctrine
it contains, and the gross insult that it offers to
tho.se great men who laid the foundations of this
Republic, with a view to the public happiness, by
seeming to the citizen those absolute lights which
such a flocnine as this outturns at a blow.
Let this bill pass, Mr. President and it places
the liberty of every citizen in the loyal States at
the will of the President of the United States, with
no check, no control; and it reopens the imn-
1 studded doors of the casemates in your bastiies,
to be filled, as before, by men against whom no
accusation has been lodged,and who seek in vain
to meet their accusers face to face before the legal
tribunals of the land. Again will the post offices,
as they were before, become each like the lion's
mouth of Venice, where the s^cict informer may '!
lodge his lying accusation; and from a tiibunal as :j
inexorable as the far-famed Council ofTen shall i{
come as swift and as sure the mandate that con- j!
signs him to some rmiitai y dungeon of the Repub- j
he, v.h'ch desecrates the names of those maityis '•
to liberty, it may be Port Warren, it may be Fort j
La Fayette. This bill, if it passes, establishes m j
the Presidentarbm-ary power; and history informs j
ufi that arbitrary power is progressive, untjrmg, '
unresting. It never halts or looks backward. As
one has eloquently said of it:
" Call n by what holy name you will, sanctify it by what
pretexts or puiposesof patriotism you may, under any flag,
in any cause, anywhere and everywhere, it is the foe of
human rights, and bv the very law of its being is incapable
of good. There K there can be no life for liberty but in
the supreme and absolute dominion ot law. This lesson
is written in letter* of blood and fire all over the history of
nations It is the sanding moral of the annals of republics
since their records began. It is legible upon the marbles
ot the elder wojld; it echoes in the strife and revolutions
of the new. Wherever men have thought great thoughts
and died brave deaths for human progress, its everlasting
truth has been proclaimed."
An encroachment upon the Constitution, strik-
ing arbitrarily at the personal liberty of every
citizen- in the land, is but one of the paths leading
straight toward despotism. There are numerous
others, but they all run parallel to this. Let the
nation, or the nation's representatives, submit in
silence and indifference to such a bold usurpation
of power as 1 conceive is contained in this infa-
mous bill, and from that moment the manly cour-
age which is the defense, and the sleepless vigi-
lance that is the price oTliberty, is gone. Every
one of these pathways lies open, inviting the treau
of usurpation. Saul the aged Selden in reply to
the ministers of Charles I:
" The personal libel ty of the subject is the life and the
beau's blood of the commonwealth, and if the common-
wealth bleed in that master vein, all the balm of Gileud is
but m vain to preserve this our body-politic from ruin and
destruction."
Said Algernon Sidney, England's noblest mar-
tyr:
" IIo who oppugns the liberty of the subject under the
constitution of this realm, and in violation of it, not only
overthrows hi* own, but is guilty of the nio&t brutish of all
follies."
These noble words were literally sprinkled, and
so conseciated, by that noble martyr's blood. It
was for their utterance he died, the noblest, proud-
est name upon the martyr mil. lie was alike
inflexible to king and protectoi—thechampion of
liberty against despotism—in the study, at the bar,
in the prison, and upon the scaffold. To him the
woiid owes those great and eloquent discourses,
the first complete definition and exegesis of the
true nature and duties of government, full of brave
and noble sentiments, the well-stoied armory from
which the fathers of our Republic drew the strong-
est and the sharpest shafts they shot against the
breast of despotism.
In view of the vast, powers which the Congress
of the United States propose to give to the Presi-
dent under the provisions of this bill, I would in-
vite attention to the following sagacious words
uttered by Lord Temple in the Rntish Parliament
at the commencement of the last century:
"lta^hJ} ami willfully to cxeicisca power clearly against
law and the constitution ie too gieat a boldnci-s tor this
coiniiiy at anytime, and the tixpcnduisni dispensing pow-
er, that edjied tool winch has cut so deep, is the la>t that
any mouareh in his \\ its-, in .my umeignu j, would dare to
handle mi England. It is a rock that Knuhsh hMoiy has
warned agatn«,t with avviul beacon lights. its exercise lo>t
one prince In- crown and head, and at last dmve In- tanuly
out of the icalm. A minister or iepi esontativc who is nor
atr.ud of the everci<-c ot such an im<juitou> power, isiiei^her
fit lor aovereign or subject."
Strange and startling as the truth may appear,
Mr. Piesident, this suspending power ot the abso-
lute rights of the citizen which in peace or war was
considered too hazardous to use, either by king,
minister, or lepresentative, bos pioved the easiest
thing for republican America in this high noon of
the Hint teenth century. Nay, sir, more startling
even than this, it has even been declared treason
to question for one moment the light to Us exei-
cise. That power the use of which cost one prince
his crown and head, and drove his family out of
the lealm, has been sported withTand is to be
again, by the President of the United states, hold-
111e his office under a limited Constitution, and
where the absolute rights of the citizen were sup-
posed to have been placed fur beyond the reach of
the lyicint giasp ofai bitrary power. Fortunately,
for the time, an indignant people rose to vindicate
tlvir outraged lights, and struck teiror into the
heai ts of the.r inters. Pass this bill, and we shall
have the same abnormal acts recommenced, and
one by one the landmarks of the Constitution will
be obliterated, the Saws suspended, the personal
liberty of the subject assailed, and provost mar-
shals and marshals like the cowled "familiars"
of the Inquisition dogging the footsteps of the citi-
zen and tracking lorn to his doom.
The time was once, Mr. President, in this Re-
public, we might say of Americans, as was said
to King John by the archbishop—
" Let every Briton, as his mind be free,
His person sate, his pioperty secure,
His house a> sacred as the fane of heaven,
Watching unseen Ins ever open door,
Watching the realm, the spirit of the laws ;
HU fate determined by the rules of right,
No hand invisible to write his doom,
No demon starting at the midnight hour
To draw his curtain, or to drag him down
To mansions of despair."
"Inviolable preserve
The sacred shield that covers ail the land— '
The heaven-confessed palladium of the isle—
To Bi nam's sons, the judgment of their peers,
On these great pillars: freedom of the mind,
Freedom of speech, and freedom of the pen,
Forever changing, jet forever sure,
The base of Britain lests."
The time was, sir, when this noble eulogy, pro-
nounced by Shakspeare on tho British constitu-
tion, might be more aptly applied to our own.
The great American charter of our freedom had
more than confirmed to us these laws of the Con-
fessor, and our people had given them as free, as
full,and as sovereign aconsentas was ever given
by John to the bishopsand the barons of Runny-
mede. The mind of the citizen was fiee, his per-
son was safe, his pioperty secure, his house his
castle, the spirit of the laws his body-guard and
his house-guard. Would he propagate truth ?
Truth was free to combat error. Would he propa-
gate error ? Eiror itself might stalk abroad and do
her mischief, and make night itself grow darker, •
piovided truth was left free to follow, however
slowly, with her torches to light up the wreck.
But who is it that takes a retrospective glance
over the stirring, awful history of the lust two
years, but feels how the fine gold has grown dim
beneath the tarnishing touch of the hand of des-
potic power ? Those great, absolute rights of the
citizen, which were intended to be beyond the
leach of arbitraiy influence, the light of personal
liberty,of propel ty, of free speech and a free press,
rudely and ruthlessly violated. Of these abso-
lute rights, during what was not inaptly called
the reign of terror, there was not one that was not
trampled upon by the Executive or his subordi-
nates; and what was worse than all, every assault
that was made upon them was applauded to the
echo by jurists, lawyers, divines, and contract-
hunting renegade Democrats, whose cowardly
heortseithenan away with their betterjudgments, \
or who really did not understand the very first
pimciplesof the Constitution under which they
lived. Men were arrested and papers seized with-
out warrant or oath of probable cause; prisoners
were held without presentment or indictment, de-
nied a speedy and public tiial, nay, refused a trial
altogether, earned away by force from the State
or district wheie their offense must have been
committed, and incarcerated for months in the
bastiles of theGovernnient, and then set free with-
out being even mfoimed of the nature and cause
of the accusation against them. Every constitu-
tional outpost was dnven in, and every peisonal
guarantee of the citizen brushed away by the Ex-
ecutive as easily as cobwebs by the hands of a
giant. And this by a Government professing it
was fighting for the Union, the Constitution, and
the enforcement of the laws; for those at the out-
set of this war were the proud words that glittered
upon your advancing standards. Doctnm swore
preached in high places directly at war with all
the fundamental principles of free government.
The central power, under the bald pie tense of pre-
serving the Government, assumed a new and fear-
ful energy, until men'went about with "bated
breath and whispering humbleness," not know-
ing where the next blow was to fall, or who was
the next fiiend that was to be stricken down at "
their sides. Of these times 1 may exclaim, "quo-
i um parsfui.,i
It was my lot to have felt the grasp of arbitrary
powei, nnd within the damp, giated casemates of
one of the bastiles of the Government, to have
learned how helpless a tiling is the citizen who is
deprived of those absolute rights, which, if they do
not exist m your Constitution, yout Constitution
is a miserable delusion and a.sMaru. Having been
arrested without cause shown, I was liberated in the
same wny, after endunng peisonal indignities,
which, to a high-spirited man, eat like iron into the
