1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that an increase of theap-
propi i.itiou over that made at tlie last session of
Congress ?
Mr. COLFAX. It is a very slight increase.
We appropuated for the service of tlie Post Office
Department over eleven million dollars at tlie last
session.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the reason for this
increase?
Mr. COLFAX. Under the present circum-
stances, it is impossible for the Post Office Depart-
ment to estimate what is necessary. They can-
not tell how many of the disloyal States will be
restored to the Union during the next year. Of
course it is larger than the appropuation for the
present year; but in many respects it is only con-
jectural.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it the same as the appro-
priation for 1860 ?
Mr. COLFAX. There is no provision here for
paying the deficit in the revenues of the Depart-
ment from the Treasury. The reason for that is
this: there was a surplus of the previous appro-
priation which will cover the deficit, and to use
which the Committee of Ways and Means will
present an amendment on that subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are the expenses incurred
by the Government for military mails paid by the
War or the Post Office Department?
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot tell. My attention
has never befoie been called to the subject, or I
should have made the necessary inquiries.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is aware that
in certain sections the military mails are the only
mail facilities the people have.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add the following
as an additional section:
Sec. *dnd he it further cnacted} That in eas" tlie lev-
enues of the Va>t Officc Department aie insufficient to
meet the appropilations made by tins- act, tin* uiuhawn
balances of appiopmtions heretofore inadi* to Mipplv de-
ficiencies of that Department aie heicby made applicable
to the paunent thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will nof that make the ag-
gregate aiiHuiiit of this bill $]i>,0()0,000?
Mr. COLFAX. My colleague misunderstands.
The bill iri reality only appropriates $1:2,000,000.
That is all tluit can U>- used. The amendment
daccts that tl)e undrawn balances ofannropriutiuns
heretofoio made may be used to make up the de-
ficit of the picsent year. This doca not increase
the ftp]"1' opnation. IS'or, it we uppropt ia!<x the
$2,500,000 necessary for this year's deli' ieti.-y
out of the Treasut y, would it increase the
pimiion. In theiiitft section of these Post Ollief
appropriation bills, we appropriate all that i> ne-
cessary for tlie entire spruce; and then in d suc-
ceeding section we usually appropriate out ot lit*.
Ti easu t y sueh wun ay w*th the postages will covei^
these oxpetiSf s. But the two seetious an: not of
couise added together.
The amendment was agrr« d to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to add the following ■
as an additional an Lou:
Hkc 4. That tin* sum of #f>.00u b  transferred from the ;
jininunriiition ! >r papiM foi public pinitu)^ provided Un by ,
act appiovcd Match 1-1. lt'fri, uirirle.1 " An ai t making ap-
n'opi latum- 10! tne I'-m^laUve, ovecutivt, and jmlicml ex
nonces of the Go\ i-i nnicnt lor 1 he vera ciidnii; the otlth ot
June, IjMj.aiuI additional appiopuation- loi the ve.u eud-
jti" 30ih ol June, to enable the
UM>a\ tbeia-irom the eoinpen-Miion of the blank .i^-nt^and
then"a^vi-tant-, lis'ietofore paid out ot the appropriation-.
tor po-st office blanks.
Ml- Chairman, I movn that aracndmnit at the
request of the Department. The money is already
appropriate J, but, as the law now stands, tne,
Comptrollei of the Ticasuvy cannot pay the ac-
count without it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and repoit tlie bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tile Speaker having
resumed tlie chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state ot the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. (365, makinganpiopiiations lor the service ot
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 18G4, and had directed
him to report the same back with sundry amend-
ments. . ,,,, ,
The amendments of the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union were agreed to, and the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, anil passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions of
the Senate, as follows:
A bill (No. 463) to increase the clerical and
other force of the {ctuartermaster General'sOfKce,
and for other purposes;
A hill (No. 470) to provide for the greater com-
fort of sick and wounded soldiers, and to promote
the efficiency of the medical department of the
Army;
A bill (No. 477) for the relief of Cyrus Clapp,
and his guarantors or sureties; and
Joint resolution (No. ldf>) supplementary to the
aet entitled '-An act to provide for the imprison-
ment of persons convicted of crimes by the crim-
inal court of the District of Columbia," approved
January 16,1863; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (No. 568) to provide for the printing ot
the annual report of the banks of the United
States; and
A bill (No. 520) for the relief of Seneca G.
Simmons, with amendments; m which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
MESSAGES rnOM Till! PltESIDKNT.
A message, in writing, was received ftom the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Sccretaiy.
A message was also leecivtU announcing mat
the President had approved and signed bills ol the
following titles:
An act (LI. 11. No. 611) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending .1 line 30, 1864.
An act (XI. It. No. 35!)) for the relief of John
B. Motley.
] IN'CItEASSU OF CLERKS, ETC.
' Mr.OLlN. I ask the unanimous consent of the
! House to go to tlie Speaker's table and take up i
bills the ieYor n fen-nee to the Committee on Mil- ,
itnry Affairs.
There was no objection; end the Speaker laul
before the House bills of the following titles;
i which were seieralH'read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military A.Hairs:
! -\n act (S. No. 4(>3) to increase tlie clerical and
' other force of the GLuarterniaster Gcnei jl'sOffice,
and for other purposes; and
: An act (S. No. 470) to provide tor th- greater
eomfoitof sick and wounded soldiers, and to pro-
mote the efficiency of the medical depaitinent ot
the Army.
i (.WHIT OF CLAIMS.
i On motion of Ah'. KLIlLLOOtG-, ot llEinoi-:, tne
House look from the Speaket's table Senate bill
No. :liX, to amend an net entitled " An act to es-
: tabbsh a court for the investigation of claims
: against the United States," appiovcd February
i 24, 1855; which was lead a first and second time,
i anil referred to the Committee on tlie Judiciaiy.
CRIMINALS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLl'MBIA.
!: On motion of Mr. UiNGH AM, the House took
1 from tin Speaker's table a joint itsolntion (S. No.
p 125) supplementary to tin- aet entitled •' An act to
! provide for the imprisonnn nt of persons convicted
!', of crime by the criminal court of the Distuct ol
'! Columbia," approved Janupiy 16, 1863; which
I was read a first and st cond tune.
'l The joint resolution was Had in e.itenso. It
i de. lares that the provisions of the at t of Janudiy
■' 16, 1863, shall be made appheibie to all persons
'I who have b. >.n convicted ot crime by the erimina
' euuit of the District of Columbia, and senunced
! to confinement in the penitential y riiaoi to t.ie date
1 of that act, a nd subsequent to th' transfer legalized
by its fourth section; and it legalizes and makes
I Valid their transfer to the penitentiary at Albany
i ill the present month, by order of the I resident,
II and provides that the persons so transferred snail
continue in confinement until the expiration of
(heir several terms of imprisonment, or untii they
shall be legally discharged or removed.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BEBECOA M. CAYERLY.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution for the relief of Rebecca_ M.
Caverly; which was read a first and second time,
and refeued to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By unanimous consent the remaining bills upon
the Speaker's table were taken up and disposed
of as indicated hereafter, namely:
PRINTING A MM; A I. BANK REPORT.
An act (li. R. No. 568) to provide for the print-
ing of the annual report oi the batiks of the United
States, with the Senate amendment.
The Senate amendment was to strike out the
fourth section, as follows:
be it f uithcr enacted, That tlie report aforesaid, ex-
cept such .is are to be found with other public documents,
shall bo MihM.oituillyhouud : Provided, That the expenses
therfoC shall not exceed twelve cenu per copy.
The amendment was agreed to.
SENECA G. SIMMONS.
An act (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of Seneca
. G. Simmons, with Senate amendments.
The bill was read ,and referred to the ComiTlittee
j on Military Affairs.
! JOHN CltABLEIiAUGII.
An act (S. No. 313) for the relief of John Cra-
dlcbaugh.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CYRUS CLAPP.
An act (S. No. 477) for the relief of Cyrus Clapp
and his ^uarantois or sureties.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred io the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER announced reports to be in
order fioni the Committee on Military Affairs ac-
cording to previous uiideistandmg.
l'AY FOR MIMTARY SERVTCK IN MISSOURI.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back a joint resolution (II. II.
! No. llrf) to revive an act'to secure to the officers
: and men actually employed in the Western de-
' paitiiient, or department of Missouri, their pay,
' bounty, and pension, and for other put poses.
I Mr. F. A. CONKUNG. Has this bill been
printed ?
Mr. DUNN. It has not.
Mr. llOLMAN. I desire to make a single sug-
! "estion. This bill ought to pass, but there are
' claims not therein enumerated which ought to be
I embraced. .
i Mr DUNN. I will explain briefly the object
1 of the bill. The House will recollect that during
1 last Congress a bill was passed to pay all the sol-
' diors actually employed in the military service of
| the United States in the State ofMissoui i, whether
! resulaily mustered into the service or not. Some
difficulty ai use in carrying the aet into execution,
! and as it was though t likely tin- Governor would
be imposed upon, it was considered necessary to
| throw some secuiities aimind the provisions of
I the bill, and at the suggestion of the Secretary of
i War, it was decided to .ml hoi lze a com mission to
i b( appointed to investigate theclaims, upon whose
: report the claims should be paid. Tile commis-
1 stoti was to leport in sixty days fioiri the passage
of the act. but the Secietary of War himself for-
i! got to make the appointmentof these commission-
i ers until that time had expned, and hence there
' has been no action taken under that act. rhe oo-
, I i.'ct of this resolution is to provide for the appoin t-
1 metit of this commission, and to give them six
! months for their report.
i Mr. HOLMAN. 1 would inquire of the gentle-
[ man whether the bill is limned to persons m the
l| military service, or whether itmcludes other per-
j sons having claims, gi owing out of the operations
:! of our aimies in the West? _ ^
i'l Mr. DUNN. It is confined to claims for mili-
n tary services.
