THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest a single
amendment to this bill, and I will state the case to
which J have special reference. General Fremont
oidered the construction across the Ohio river of
*t certain bridge in the fall of 1861; and a large
number of laboring men were employed upon it.
Their claims together amounted to several thou-
sand dollars. Most of them shortly afterwards
entered into the service of the Government as vol-
unteers in the State oflndiana. The commission
which sat in St. Louis to investigate claims, were
not able to investigate this, because they were not
presented, many of the men having gone to the
war, and many of them not knowing of the exist-
ence of the commission. I ask that these claims
may be embiaced by this commission, otherwise
they may not be paid.
Mr. DCJNN. This is a joint resolution in refei-
ence to a law already existing, and it cannot be
changed in this way so as to embrace another
i* 1 >i<sQ A f
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. The whole purpose
of this resolution, then, is to revive that act?
Mr. DUNN. That is all.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time*, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agtced to.
HERMAN TUJillCK.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported buck a bill for the re-
lief of Lieutenant Herman Tueick, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOllTIFIC YTIONS OX THE ATLANTIC COAST.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations for
the commencement and construction of ceitain
new fortifications; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to call the attention of the
House to one appropriation contained in this bill,
and then tlmy will see whether U is proper to
put the bill upon its passage at the present time.
All the appiopriations provided for in the bill,
with one single exception, 1 think, aie such as
meet the univeisal approbation ofthe Department,
ami are such as aie deemed absolutely necessary
for the public defense. That one is an appiopn-
ation of a very considerable amount for the im-
provement of the hai bor at New London, which
1 uudei stand is upon the understood contingency
that that place shall be selected, instead of League
Island, foi a navy-yard. I think, perliaps, the
bill ought to be ametuh d so as to piovide that un-
less th.il site be selected by the Goverment thf
appro})i iation should fail. If there is no objec-
tion to if, 1 desire that the hill may be read, and
that amendment made.
Mr, STEVENS, f think the bill had better be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means at
once. 1 make that motion.
The motion was agteed to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, immduu-d a bill to modify the act
of February 25, 1861: which was read a fust and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No, 432) in reference
to the bounty, pay, and emoluments of volunteer
soldiers in certain cases; and moved to put the
bill on its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no doubt this is a mer-
itorious bill,and ought to be passed by the House.
Mr. OLIN. 1 rnoved to put that bill upon its
passage; and upon that motion 1 wish to coll the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman call the
previous question r The Chair recognized the
gentleman fiom Indiana.
I Mr. OLIN, I could not do so before; this gen-
. tleman upon my left caused such a noise that I
could not be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizcd the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. The complaint of my con-
stituents and of the large body of men who are
now serving their country in the field is, that some
member upon this floor does not make infinitely
more noise in insisting upon their rights,and upon
legislation securing what the Government prom-
ised them.
When the bill was before this House a few
days ago some amendments were submitted, one
of which proposed to give to discharged volun-
teers, who were rendered incompetent for service
in consequence of the casualties of war, a just
proportion of the bounty which the Government
promised them after a service of two years, a pro-
poition graduated according to the length of time
they served. That is one of the amendments which
was submitted to the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, for which the gentle-
man now speaks, and upon which the members
of the House favoring that policy had hoped and
had a right to expect they would at least make
a report, even if adverse to'the proposition. An-
other amendment which was also ofteied to this
bill was one increasing the pay of private soldiers
in the Army to fifteen dollars a month, in view
ofthe unfortunate depreciation of the Government,
currency since the law was passed fixing their
payat thirteen dollars a month. It seemed to me
that there were irresistible arguments in favor of
both of those propositions, and that the first of
them could not fail to command the earnest con-
sideration of the House. A soldier enlists in your
Army; he is willing and eager to serve his coun-
try for two yeais, or three years, or for the war;
by the fortunes of war lie is stricken down, per-
haps after a service of a year and eleven months;
he leaves the service honorably discharged, not
[ from any desue of his own, not from any dimi-
nution of the fires of a patriotic heait, but from
[, a crushing necessity which disables him for life;
u his limbs may be struck off by a cannon ball, or
j! his body mutilated, and he says: " I have not left
jj the service voluntarily, and [ have not fulfilled
!! the strict letter of the law, which required a ser-
!j vice of two years; but I have fulfilled the spirit
j| of the law. I leave the service of my country
Jj because I am no longer able to defend fier."
|| MEPSAOR FKOM THE SENATE.
I A message from tne Senate, by Mr.FonuLS, its
I Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
J insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by the
j House, to the bill of the House (iVo.o(U) in rela-
; tion to commissioned officers of the United States
revenue service; agreed to the conference asked
by the [louse on the disagreeing votes ofthe two
\\ houses on said amendments, and had appointed
J: Messis. Ti:n" Eyck, Chandler, and Carlvix
\] managers of said conference on the pait of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the Senate
j; had passed a lull (No. 45$) to amend an act euti-
j tied " An act for the collection of direct taxes in
■ insurrectionary districts in the United States."
j and an act (No. 430) to provide for the protection
j of overland emigrants to the States and Territories
j' of the Pacific; in both of which he was directed to
j' ask the concurrence of the House,
i' Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
j allow me to move to lefer that bill in relation to
j! taxes to the Committee of Ways and Means.
!; Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 object to anything out
of order.
PAY 0J VOLUNTEERS -AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the case 1 have
! put is not an uncommon one in our Army. Sol-
I! diers so discharged from the service are" within
;i the spim of the law, but not within its letter. The
!j law requires the service of two years before the
!j soldier is entitled to any bounty, but the object
jj was to induce a service of two years; inability
' j incurred in the service furnishes a just excuse. 1
II have received letters from private soldiers who
J have been honorably discharged on account of
.i mutilated hmbs, insisting that it is but just and
jj right that they shall receive a just proportion of
jj the bounty which was promised—a sum in pro-
il portion to the length of time they have served the
country, as they left the service not from choice
but necessity.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these subjects having been
referred to the Military Committee as amend-
ments to this very bill, I think the gentleman from
New York owed it to the House as well as to the
country at least to report upon the subject to the
House for consideration. The gentleman knows
full well the difficulty of bringing any subject be-
fore the House unless it comes through the agency
of one of its committees;and he knows especially
the difficulty of bringing before the House any
subject pettaining to the Army and the pay of our
soldiers, unless it comes through the agency of
the committee of which he is chairman.
A word now with reference to the question of
increasing the pay of our soldiers. A few days
since a bill was before the House making appro-
piicitions for the diplomatic and consular service,
and for a moment the House was startled by the
fact that in addition to the sum appropriated to
pay our foreign ministeis and consuls, wc were
called upon to appropriate a very considerable
sum of money to meet the depreciation of the cur-
rency. And now. when the soldier, who receives
only thirteen dollars a month—an amount fixed
when thirteen dollars a month was worth thirteen
dollars in gold, a sum much greater than fifteen
dollars a month is to-day—asks that there shall
be some increase of his pay coiresponding to
the depreciation of the currency, and the increased
cost of supporting his family, the Committee on
Military Affairs decline even to report the subject
;■ for the consideration of the House. But, sir, I
ji am not willing that a just measure shall be thus
!' defeated. I offer the following amendments to
!■ come in as additional sections at the end of the
|| bill:
11 Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatench private soldier
![ of iho Army who shall have vulunteeied tor thp peiiodof
1; not than two yeat*, or for a dating the war," ami -shall
j! have been or shall hereafter be honorablv di^chai^'d on
account of wounds or other disability which *hall have
.. bee n litem rt-d att<-i cute tiny the service, and in the i itie of
; duty. Mia!l be entitled to weeivf such a piopottion nt the
^ sunt ot £100 piovided for in the fjtih section ot an act en-
titled "■ An act authoiizuifr the einploj merit of vol inn wis to
'J aid in cnfoicmjy the laws and piotcetintj public piop.'! tv,"
i approved July 22, 1861. as the time ot actual sei vice beats
■i tothepeiiod ot twoyeai*.
[J Sec. 3. *%nd be it further enabled, That the pnv of the
1. pi ivai('« in th'-  rfjulai Army and volunteers m the -ct vice
l[ ot the United States? shall be fifteen dollars pei montliuntiJ
j j oihei wise provided by law.
u I ask the previous question on the amendment,
j The previous question was seconded.
ji Mr. McPHERSON. I would like to make a
|j statement to the House, by unanimous consent,
before the main question is ordeied. There is
j; some misunderstanding about this matter.
!j Mr. OLIN. I wish to make a statement niv-
:: self.
jj Mr. McPHERSON. I yield, then, to the gea-
jj tleman fi om New York.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
;j York can be heard by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
j; Mr. OLIN. I wish, if the House will hs-cn to
\ me fur a moment, to reply to the sug est mts of
ij thcgontlcman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Holma.v 1 The
amendment which he seeks to attach to this bill,
11 and the whole subject in relation to it, wa* ren ned
j • at an early stage of this session to one of the tuem-
ji bers of the Committee on Military AfFan-s—Mi.
, Riciiardsox, of Illinois, Before acting upon it,
however, he left his seat in the House, at d after
H was ascertained that he might probably ru t ie-
turn here, the subject was recommitted to a.j-Ther
member of the committee, who will lepori upon
it at the earliest opportunity that he lias hbeitv to
report to the House. It will bo remembered . v
the House that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs lias not had an onpoitunity to report since
this matter was referred to them until to-day.
Now, in reference to (his amendment, the Sen-
ate bill contains a ptovision that commends it-
self to the om lous sense ot justice of ovry mem-
ber of the fious". It simply provides fu; paring
to men over forty-five years of age, who enlist
in the service, the same "bounty and emoluments
received by men under foity-five y^ars age.
When this bill, containing this si mple proposition,
came to the House, the ucntieman from Indiana
procured the palace of a resolution instructing the
Committee on Mihtaiy A flair.: to mqun e into the
expediency of apportioning the bounty allowed
by lav/ to a man according to the time he had
