1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Lords to tin1 king's counsel to speak what ho tl\oiij lit
fit foi his Majesty's service, yet Mr. Serjeant Ashley had no
authority from them to speak such servile words as he had
done."
And how did the manly, noble spirits who at
that early day had the courage to resist the claim
of king and counsel to arrest and imprison the
subject without cause or accusation, answer ?
Said Sir Edward Coke, with his usual quaint-
ness and directness:
" As the center of the greatest circle is but a little speck,
so the welghtiestinattci ever lies in a little room. It was a
wonder for him to hear that the liberty ofthe !*ubjcct could
be thought incompatible with the regality of the king. In
one point the king's attorney had come clo&e to him. He
was glad he had awaked him. Because a king is trusted
with greater things, such as war, money, pardons, &c ,
therefore he should at some times have absolute power
over the liberty of the subject. We emphatically deny lus
conclusion ; for the liberty of the subject «s far more tiian all
these; it is maximum omnium humanorum honorum—the
very sovereign of all human blessings. JVo citizen can thus
hold his liberties as tenant «it will to the. sovereign. Mr.
Speaker, there w no such a tenure to be found in ail Lit-
tleton."
" What," said the king's counsel," can you ar-
rest none without process or original writ? The
suspected fellows may run away." To whom
Coke answered:
"The law gives process and indictment, and therefore
gives all the means that any emergency can demand."
Said William Mason:
" It bath been solemnly and clearly resolved by the House
that the commitment of a freeman, without expressingthe
cause of commitment, is against the law. If you give this
powei by reason of the necessities of the State, you will
spring a leak which may sink all our libeities, and open a
gap through which Magna Charta and the rest ofthe stat-
utes may-issue out and vanish. We must -never relinquish
to the Grown this light to ltiterfeie with our liberties."
In a subsequent debate upon the same ^ibject,
Sir Edward Coke said:
" I know that prerogative is part of the law, but sover-
eign power is no parliamentary word. Take we iieed what
wo yield unto. Magna Charta is such a fellow that ho will
iiave no sovereign."
These were the sentiments of the men who
wrested the Petition of Right from the first Charles,
and compelled him to say, let right be done, as
is desired. The object of these bold men was the
preservation of personal liberty, in confonnity to
the express language JWagna Chaita—
il That no freeman «,hall betaken or imprisoned but by
the lawful judgment of his equals, or the law of the land,"
Now, sir, the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus at that time existed at common law. It was
the remedy for such as were unjustly imprisoned
to obtain their liberties. Many abuses, however,
having been introduced in the mode of granting
it, other statutes were passed. Early in the reign
of the first Charles, the courts, relying on some
pretended precedents, determined that they could
not, upon the habeas corpus, either bail or deliver
a prisoner, though committed without any cause
assigned, m case he was committed by the special
command of the king or by the lords of the privy
council. This,sir, drew on the parliamentary in-
quiiy which resulted in the Petition of Right, to
which reference has just been made. The statute
passed in conformity with that petition enacts
"that no freeman shall hereafter be so imprisoned
or detained." But in the following year, Selden
and others were committed by order of the lords
in council, pursuant to his Majesty's command,
under a general charge of notable contempts and
stirring up seditions against the king and Govern-
ment. This gave rise to great excitement in the
public mind, and to another statute in the sixteenth
year of the same king. But the habeas corpus act
of the next reign, originating in the oppression of
an obscure individual, was considered as another
Magna Charta by Englishmen. Thus, sir, you
will note this significant fact, that flagrant abuse
ofpowcrby the Crown or its ministers was always
productive of a popular struggle, a struggle that
proclaims either that the exercise of such power j
was contrary to law, or, if legal, restrains it for j
the future. In speaking of the great habeas corpus j
ac.tpassed in the reign of Charles II, Sir William j
Blackstone, writing several years before our Con- j
stitution was formed, and whose invaluable work j
had been studied thoroughly by the men who j
framed that Constitution, says: j
"This writ i< ol great importance to the public; for jt it !
weie once left to the powrrof any. oven the highest magi«- j
trate, to impi^on aibitranly whenever he 01 his otfieei* j
thought pioper, then then-* would soon be an end of all othei <
rights and immunities. Some have thought that unjust at-
tacks even upon life or property, at the arbitrary will of the I
magistrate, are less dangerous to the commonwealth than
such as are made upon the liberty of the subject. To bo-
reave a man of life by violence, to confiscate his estate with-
out accusation or trial, would be so gross and notorious an
act of de*poti«m as would at once convey the alarm of tyr-
anny throughout the kingdom ; but confinement ot the per-
son by secretly hurrying him to jail, where his suffeiings
aie unknown and forgotten, is a less public, a less striking,
and therefore a more dangerous engine ofaibitrary power;
and yet when the State is In imminent danger, even this is
sometimes a necessary measure; but the happiness of our
constitution is that it is not left to the executive power
when the danger of the Ftate is so gicat as to render this
mertsute expedient, for it is the Parliament only can au-
thorize, when it sees proper, the Crown, by suspending the
habeas corpus for a short and limited time, to impusoifsus-
pected peisons without giving any reasons therefor "
And yet, with this array of historical facts star-
ing'him in the face, with all these English analo-
gies encouraging them to imitate, if not improve
upon, the noble lessons they should have taught
them, the late Senator from New Jersey and other
apologists for executive usurpation endeavor to
convince their readers and hearers that these
proud incidents in history had nothing to do with
originating this habeas cmyus clause in out Con-
stitution.
No, no, Mr. President, the men of our consti-
tutional Convention were familiar with the his-
tory of the civil polity of the world. But more
thoroughly had they studied the contest that had
been going on for centuries in the mother country
between the Crown and the people. Our fathers
had been protestants against prerogative and its
usurpations. They had felt the weight of its iron
hand rest heavy on their loins, and they determ-
ined to throw it off. They knew how the flood
of usurpation had attempted to overwhelm their
fathers, and they placed this habeas corpus clause
in the Constitution of the new Government they
were framing that it might stand there for all time
as the great breakwater against the efforts of arbi-
trary power.
In the argument of my predecessor, Mr. Presi-
dent,! find he asserts " that when the habeas cor-
pus clause was inserted m the Constitution the
United States had no writ of habeas corpus." He
lays down this self-evident proposition as though
it was some slat tling truth. It is true that at this
time the United States had no writ of habeas cor-
pus, because there was no such Government as the
United States. But if by this he meant to convey
the idea that the colonial governments did not rec-
ognize the existence of the writ, or that the States
did not, I take issue with him. The old constitu-
tion of his own State, adopted two days before the
Declaration of Independence, and a dozen years
before the Constitution, contains this clause:
"Tile common law of England, as well as so much of
the statute laws as have been heretofore practiced m this
colony, shall remain in foice until they shall be altered by
a future law ofthe Legislature."
And most of the State constitutions adopted
after the Declaration contain similar clauses.
But Mr. Field caps the climax of folly and
presumption when he declares that all experience
teaches that the only safe depositary of this power
to suspend the privilege of the great writ is the Ex-
ecutive which the Constitution has made for us,
standing upon the only basis of the Constitution,
with no other support than the integrity and pa-
triotism of the man who has been elected to it by
the people. Heaven preserve us if this be so!
We have seen judges torn from the very sent of
judgment by this Executive, We have .seen the
absolute rights of the citizen made a delusion and
a mockery of, and the whole land startled by
usurpation after usurpation, directed, controlled,
and justified by this very Executive.
The late Senator from New Jersey appears in his
very elaborate speech to have a yery strange mode
of deriving the power in the President to suspend
this writ, from the peculiar phraseology ofthe two
sentences;
"All executive power shall be vested in the President ot
the UniUd States.; and all legislative power herein gt anted
shall be vested m a Congress of the Cuited States."
To the first clausc he gives a general construc-
tion; to the last a special and limited, insisting
that while Congress is confined by the terms of
the grant specially to the exercise of only such
powers as are enumerated, the executive power is
beyond and above the Constitution; or, m other
words, the President neither in peace or wai has
any limits set to his authority. His will must be
the law, and his sworn duty is to define what is
necessary and proper, while theduty of the people
over whom he sways the scepter is to obey. This h
is certainly the fair interpretation"to be given W<
the conclusions of Mr. Field's singular logic:-.. >
" If you give the powers to Congress, they shoutd be gpe-
oiaiiy named in the grant; 1>ut not so with the Executive,-,
inasmuch as the power, from its very nature, is an executive-'
pouer' * •
In other words, in plainer English, the people's:
representatives, in the exercise of their powders,
are confined strictly to the words of the gran'C?'
whereas the Executive takes any and all power
by implication. Well, surely this is a novel mode
of interpretation, and an interpretation which 1'
hardly think the good people of New Jersey would
be willing to adopt. It is in accordance, however,'
with the base servility of the times, and most cer-"
tainly entitles its author to a place on the "United
States bench, where he can elaborate more fully
this peculiar dogma, and, if nccessary, aid the
embodiment of the war power at the other, end
of the avenue in carrying out and consummating
his peculiar edicts. We had always supposed
that" the short term for which the President was
elected, and the narrow limits to which his power
was confined, manifested the jealousy and appre-
hension of future danger which the framers of the
Constitution felt in relation to that departmentof
the Government." At least so once said Chief
Justice Marshall. But a greater than Marshall is
here in the person and theories of the late Sena-
tor from New Jersey. He has seen a marvelous
light, which certainly was not vouchsafed to the
eyes of the men who laid the foundations of this
Government, and who certainly, if we are not pre-
suming, understood the true theory and system
of our Government much better than Mr. Field.
Mr. Field appears really to me, throughout the
whole course of his speech and his singular posi-
tions, to have presented us with a very good imi-
tation of the Quack in Moliere's play ofu The
Sick Man in Spiteof Himself." Gerontein that
play, in amazement, says to the Quack:
" .My dear doctor, you reason well, but there is one thing
that staggers me in your lucid explanations. I always
thought, till now, that the heart was on the leftside and the
liver tin the right.
"Quack. Ay, tsir, so they were formerly, but tee have
changed all that. The college proceeds on an entirely new
method.
"Geronle. I ask pardon, sir.
"Quack. Not at all. Oh, there is no harm done. You
are norobliged to know as much as we do."
It may be that this is the case with the unen-
lightened people of New.Tersey. They are notby
any means obliged to know as much as Mr. Field;
and I fervently trust that they never may, and
will never consent to indorse and subscribe to any
of the teachings of that school. If they do, their
liberties are gone.
I turn from such an atrocious sentiment to the
sentiments of Daniel Webster, who understood
so fully where existed the limits within which ex-
ecutive power could move,and upon whose well-
defined lines were written the warning word —
thus far shall thou go and no fui ther. In his speech
on Jackson's protest, he said:
'• Who is he that belies the blood and libels the fame of
his ancestry by declaring that the secuiity for freedom rests
in executive authority; wiio is he that invokes the execu-
tive power to come to the protection of liberty; who is he
that charges them with the insanity and recklessness of
putting the lamb beneath the lion's paw? No, sir; no,sir.
Our security both in war and in peace is in our watchful-
ness of executive power. Sir, I will never-trust executive
power to keep the vigils of liberty."
These are right royal words, and I would have
them written upon the walls of all the private and
public seminaries ofthe land, that our youths might
be taught early to fear the advance of arbitrary
power. 1 woultJ have them written above the altars
of the churches, that the priests and their congre-
gations might learn what lawful authority means,
of which they prate so much and know so little.
I would have them engraved upon the door-posts
of these Houses of Congress, that the represent-
atives ofthe Slates and the people might be taught
in what way the rights and liberties of this people
are fo be guarded from encroachment. Mr. Pres-
ident, when we contrast the Argus-like vigilance
of such men as Henry, Martin, Barbour, of the
revolutionary era, and contrast their indignant
protests against executive encroachment and their
jealousy of executive power with the thoughtless
indifference and wretchcd subserviency of men
who profess to be statesmen and patriots, we may
well stand aghast at the fearful degeneracy of the
times.
Can it be possible that these disinterested pa-
triots of our early day were mistaken, and that
