526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January '27,
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 491) for
the relief of cei tain clerks in the Kittery and Phil-
adelphia navy-yards; which whs rend twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs,
Mr. POMEROY asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
489) supplementary to "An act providingforthe
better organization of themihtary establishment,"
approved August 3, 1861; which was read twice
by its tide, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Miiitia.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 490) to authorize contracts to
be made with such States as may advance the pay
and allotments of the volunteers and militia in the
service of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Allans and the Militia.
BEMOVAL OF MINNESOTA INDIANS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to suspend all prior
ordersfor the purpose of taking up the bill (S. No.
418) for the removal of the Sisseton, Wahpaton,
Medawakanton and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux
Indians, and for the disposition of their reserva-
tions in Minnesota and Dakota.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Minnesota will not press that motion. A
bill for a similar purpose in repaid to the Indians
of Kansas comes up as the unfinished business of
the morning hour of yesterday, and we are ready
to vote upon it. I hope he will not press this mo-
tion, but will allow that bill to come up. It is
entitled to have precedence.
Mr. WILKINSON. We can dispose of both
in the morning hour.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We are ready to vote
on the bill I refer to. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota will not be agreed to.
Let us dispose of the bill which is the unfinished
business of the morning hour.
Mr. BROWNING and Mr. HALE. Let us
dispose of the morning- business at any rate.
The motion of Mr. WILKINSON was not
agreed to.
PAY OF PAYMASTEKS1 CLEftKS. |
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution; ;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and j
agreed to: i
Rcsolvet?) That the Committee on Naval AlTiiir-. he in ,
structed to im|iine into the expediency of meuu^ing the i
compensation ol pavniastei^' oietks in tin' Navy. I
BOUNTIES FOR 1115ENLIST5115NT.
Mr. BROWNING- submitted the following |
resolution; whirh was considered by lusniiiraous
consent, and agieod to: '
Revolted. Tisat flu; Committee on ."Wilit.uy Allan* and
the Mi) in a In* iii-t) uetod toin<jUii«- into the e\pe<|'0ie\\ : !.
Ot' nutlioii/.iiiir the Pn-^idcnt to ofier to \oIunteei> in>\\ in 1
the >-<;ivioe oi'the (Javonmient such bounty .i--, in Ins jud^- ,
mentand di'-eieUon, may he deemed nect -Miry to seeme !
the teenh.-tmenl ot -nrh volunteer into the ^eiviee of the ;
United State-- tutor their pre-rnt lerm < f s ervu e sh.iil have 1
expired. '2. The expediency ot" aitthonzinir the President
to otler saieh bounty foi leetih-tmen? of-uch volunteer-. ioi 1
one year, ot any longer or * hoi (er teim ol sei vice. ,tJ he maj i
in In.s discretion deleirrnne. 3 The o\[>e<iieiicv oi'pomd- i
inn by J.uv loi fillmu up the vohmteoi lejrimenN now ni the
seivice o!" the Tinned States, eiiliej by enlistment or (hah, !
as mav !>e deemed mo^t,eiheu ut toi the acoompli^hnientof .
the object. ]
MESSAGE rKOM THE HOT'SK. j
A message from the J-1 on no of Representatives, j
by Mr. Etiieridgf., its Cierk, announced that the
House of Repiesentatives had passed the follow- ;
mg bills and joint resolution, in which it re quest" d 1
the concutrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 059) to provide wfys and nit ans for ■
th" suppot t of the Government;
A bill (No. Gtjj) makingapprepriations foi the f
service of the Post Office Department duung the 1
fiscal year ending the 30tb of June, 1864; " !
A biJi (No. 699) for the relief of Lieutenant '
Herman Tuerck; and 1
A joint resolution (No. 118) to revive k'Anact ;
to secure to the officers and men actually employed '
in the Western department or department of M is-
souri their pay, bounty, and pension, and fur i
oilier purposes/' j
The message further announced that the House i
had passed the following bill and resolution of the j
Senate: i
A bill (No. 437) to amend the act entitled "An '
i act to amend the act of the 3d of March, 3837,
i entitled 'An act supplementary to the act entitled
| 'An act to amend the judicial system of the
| United States.' "
A joint resolution (No. 125) supplementary to
the act entitled "An act to provide for the im-
prisonment of persons convicted of crime in the
criminal courts of the District of Columbia," ap-
proved January 6, 1863.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 568)
to provide for the printing of the annual report
of the banks,of the United States.
BILLS BROOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 23d jnstant, the following acts.
An act (H. R. No. 359) for the relief of John
B. Motley.
An act (II. R. No. 631) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 659) to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A hill (No. 665) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of .Tune, 1864—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 699) for the j^lief of Lieutenant
Herman Tuerck—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (No. 118) to revive "An ac'
to sect n e to the officers and men actually employed
in the Western depai tment or department of Mis-
souri, their pay, bounty, and pension, and for other
purposes "—to the Committee on Military Affaiis
and the Militia.
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution 1 of-
fered yesterday, on the subject of the porter
court-martial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone all prior otders for
the purpose of pioeeedmgto the consideration of
the lesolutiou indicated by himself, and it will be
read.
Mr. HARLAN. I aslv the Senator frum Cal-
ifornia to give way so as to allosv m<- to submit a
, resolution.
Mr. L/\TfIAM. Ct rtainlv.
Mr. HARLAN. I elfet the following resolu-
tion :
That thorn!'1*; of the Senate be so amended a>
to jiuthoi i/e the appointment ot a -tandinj? Committee on
A^ru-uliiiie
turn now.
Mi. HALE. Lot it ho over.
Mr. COLLAMER. By the rules it must go
'The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to. The
rules require one day's notice to make any change
therein.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave that notice two weeks
ago; I gave notice that tins resolution would be in-
trodut! <!, a I'd t beie/me it conus m under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the impres-
sion of the Chan. The impression of the Chair
is that a nof.ce given by th-> Senator fiom Ohio
cannot a'Uert th>> action of another Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tnen, to accomplish the
purpose of the Senator from lov/a, [ move to post-
pone, ail prior orders, and proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution of which 1 srave notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator hav-
ing given notice, can call up such a lesoiution.
Mr. SHERMAN, If I have the floor and have
a rJsrhL to do so, I now make that motion.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to my friend
fiotn Ohio that he cannot get around the difficulty
in that way; because the rule that excludes the
consideration of a resolution the day u is offered
is in force, and this is a peculiar provision in re-
lation to the alteration of a rule; and giving notice
that he intends to offer it ever so many davsbcfoie-
hand, dues not cut off the operation of the rule
which requires that a resolution shall not be con-
sidered on the day that it is presented.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that my fiiend, the
Senator from Ohio, will waive his motion. It was
by the courtesy of the Senator from California that
I obtained the floor to introduce the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will waive it. 1 only
wished to act in deference to the wishes of the
Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be regarded as having been received, and will lie
over.
TRANSPORTS FOR BANKs's EXPEDITION.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone
all other orders for the purpose ot proceeding to
the consideration of the resolution I introduced
on Wednesday last, in relation to a repoit made
by some gentlemen of this body appointed to
investigate the piocecdings of those engaged in
furnishing vessels for the Banks expedition.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to postpone all prior or-
ders for the purpose of proceeding to the consid-
eiation of the resolution itubcated in his motion.
Mr. LATHAM, i thought, sir, by the court-
esy of the Senate I would be entitled to the floor,
after giving way to the Senator from Iowa for the
purpose of introducing in regular oider his reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When a Senator
yields the floor, he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator fi om New
Hampshne will let my motion be pur.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but object, in
common courtesy in the body, to such a course
of proceeding as is proposed here. The Senator
from California obtained the floot, and proposed
to call up a certain resolution introduced by htm.
At the request, and by courtesy, he ge.ve leave to
the Senutoi from Iowa to imroduct a resolution
which has been hud over, Now, I think the Sen-
ator from California is entitled in ail courtesy to
the door to consider the motion which he made,
as he gave way merely m courtesy.
Mr. HALE. I will only say, in answer to that,
that I am soiry the sensibilities of my excellent
friend from Vermont luj$ve not been excited be-
fore. The law has been ruled upon me by yon,
sir, [the Vice President,] this veiy session, re-
peatedly, and it uid not excite the tender sympa-
thies oi sensibilities of any one.
Mr. COLLAMER. I happen to make my ob-
jection when I think about it. I make* it on this
occasion, and did not notice the otlu is. I do not
choose to he censurt-d because I did not notice it
then. #
Mr. HALE. I should think that 1 was.and am,
! wanting exceedingly in taste, if 1 undei rook to cen-
1 sure the Senator from Vermont. 1 only state the
■ fact, and a notonous fact.
Mr. COLLAMER. Lei r,i< say one word. If
the gen lie man dn '& inu ehoos< t«> gi ve way for the
com teMt s of tl.'-> o< t asnot, 1 desire that he shall
keep the fiom, and 1 wish my M-niaiks to go for
nothing". I thought as soon as H was brought to
his hffeiitioii he would with very great pleasure
give place to the gentleman fiom California, who
haU taken the floor befoie; but if he will not, I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I of course stand
in a very awkwaid situation, when the Senator
from Vermont, after having taken a little miff at
what 1 said,gets up and undei takes to he so mag-
nanimous to me. The fact is, I wanted neither
his reproof nor his magnanimity.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 ask no favors of you.
Mr. HALE. I stand here a Senator; the Sen-
ator from Veimont is no more,and I am no Uss;
and 1 do notebook* to he lectured bv anybod) for
anything. 1 dischat^e my duties here accojdmg
to the convictions ot mv own understanding: and
I do not ask for myselt any law nor any ruling
that is not dismbnted to every other member.
What is distributed to every other member 1 ask
for myself, and do not choose to be lectured by
anybody for insisting upon if; but whether lam
lectured or not, I will insist upon it. Having said
this much I do not caie what the Senaie u .. but
I a-^k for a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The quf-siion is on
postponing all pnoi ordeis for'he purpose of tak-
ing up the resolution indicated m the Senator's
motion.
