1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
, tribunal, whether State or Federal, in this coun-
try,* as far as I am advised, they have held that
this is a legislative and not an executive power.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the honorable Senator
will allow me to ask him another question.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly; forty of them if
if you desire.
Mr. COWAN. I ask whether it is possible that
the Legislature can deny the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus to any one; whether, from the very
nature of the thing, ex necessitate rei, it does not
follow that the Legislature must delegate to some-
body the right to deny the privilege, whether it be
the party arresting, whether it be the judge who
issues the writ, or whether it be the custodian in
whose keeping the prisoner is ? It is not possible
that the Legislature, in my humblejudgment, could
say that the privilege shall be denied in this case,
or in that case, or in any other case, because that
would require them to legislate in particular cases;
but are they not obliged when they suspend the
writ to declare that somebody, either executive or
judicial in his functions, shall have the power m
his hands to deny the privilege? It may be, I see
nothing improbable in it, that they should delegate
to the judges the power to determine who should
be denied the privilege and who should not, or
they may delegate it to the President. But even
admitting that it is their function to declare when
the contingency shall happen that the writ shall be
suspended, still I ask if it does not follow, and fol-
low inevitably, that either the judicial officer or the
ministerial officer shall apply the Jaw to the ex-
igency declared by the Legislature?
Mr. POWELL, i will answer the Senator's
question with great pleasure. If Congress, in
obedience to the power vested in it by the Consti-
tution, should suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
there can be no doubt tiiat the judiciary would
obey the law. If you were to pass such a law it
would be the duty of the Executive to see that
that law, like every other, was faithfully execu-
ted. That would be all the President would have
to do with the matter.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, allow me to re-
quest the attention of my learned friend to the
phrase in the Constitution. I admit that if the writ
of habeas cormts were to be suspended, the power
would be delegated to the judge to say wtten he
should lefusc the wiit; but upon refening to the
Constitution it will be found that the writ is not to
be suspended, but it is the privilege of the writ
which is to be suspended. Now, what is the priv-
ilege? The privilege is that great right which in-
heres as a prerogative m every citizen to be dis-
charged upon bail, or to bo delivered over to the
civil magistrate to be tried, and that privilege is in
the hands of his custodian, not in the hands of the
judge. As 1 understand it, in this Republic the
writ can never be suspended. That in not the lan-
guage of the Constitution. The wiit must always
issue; but the pi ivilege may be suspended, that is,
the right to be delivered over under the writ, or to
be delivered upon hail, or to be discharged. Now,
then, the privilege only being suspended, in whose
hands in that privilege? Not in the judge's, cer-
tainly. The judge lias the writ; he grants the
will; but it is upon the return of the writ that the
privilege conies m question, and it is a question
upon that return whether the petitioner, the com-
plainant, is entitled to the pi ivilege. If the pi iv-
ilege is suspended p)o hac vice, for that tin n, as to
him, then I think it could properly be delegated
to the Executive to suspend it, or in other wouls to
Ins custodian.
Mr. POWELL. I do not concede that the lan-
guage of the Constitution justifies the Senator in
his construction. That language is this: 14 the
privilege ot the writ of habeas corpus shall not he
suspended unless when in cases of rebellion or in-
vasion the public safety may require it." Who
has the puvilege of the wntr Every person who
is deprived of ins liberty. To whom does he ap-
ply for the writ? To the judges, the judiciary; ■
not to the Executive. 1 f you suspend the prm- ,
lege, and an individual should make application \
to the judge, the law being suspended the judge i
would not grant him the privilege of the writ. :
That is the way I construe it. Certainly the Ex- \
ecutive lias nothing to do with it. When you put '
your law upon the statute-book suspending the
pi ivilege of the writ of habeas corpus, it is the duty
of the Executive to see that, as every other law,
faithfully executed. Apart from that the Presi-
dent has nothing to do with the writ of habeas
corpus.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, is it not in the
breast of the custodian? Even suppose the priv-
ilege be suspended, is it not in his breast to waive
the statute? Could he not come for ward, and bring
the body of the prisoner, and say to the judge,
" here he is; dispose of him as you see proper;
I will abide your judgment," showing that the
privilege is in his hands, the privilege under the
law? But if he deny the privilege, if he refuse to
obey the mandate of the writ, that is what I un-
derstand in the privilege being suspended, not the
writ. The writ issues, because won constat that
the custodian may not agree to deliver upon the
writ, and the writ must be issued m order to know
whether he chooses to avail himself of the sus-
pension by the statute, because it is not in all cases
to be suspended. Nobody would pretend, I sup-
pose, that the privilege was to be suspended m
all cases. It is only in such case?? as affect the
matter in hand; that is, the rebellion or the inva-
sion, or in such cases as would endanger the pub-
lic .safety. Of that the Legislature judge. They
judge of the general contingency, and the custo-
dian judges of the particular one.
Mr. POWELL. When Congress suspends
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, it de-
prives the party of the privilege of that wiit.
Who are to administer the laws? The judges.
When a man applies to a judge for the writ, the
judge cannot grant it, if the privilege is suspended
by law. He will say, 44 no, sir, the law allowing
you the privilege of that writ"—for he only has
the privilege by virtue of the law—i( is necessarily
suspended; Congress having suspended the priv-
ilege of the writ, we must deny you that privilege
which you had before that action of Congress."
But the honorable Senator thinks it cannot be
done in all cases. I had supposed that no legisla-
tive body on the earth would ever attempt to sus-
pend it in all cases, or to authorize anybody else
to do so; but if the Senator will look at tins bill
closely, he"wi11 find that it proposes to allow the
President to suspend the writ in all cases. The
language is, "the President of the (Jmted States,
whenever in his judgment the public safety may
require it, is authorized to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus in any case through-
out the United States or any part thereof.M The
power confeired upon the Executive by this bill is
not confined to a class of cases which may arise
in the country in its pre'sont disturbed condition,
such a class of cases as would endanger the pub-
lic safety. If this bill shall become a law, and shall
be held to be constitutional, it will allow the Pres-
ident to suspend the writ in any case whatever,
whether a party bechaiged with treasonable prac-
tices, with aiding or abetting the enemy, or with
petty larceny, or any description of theft. < In
any case," is the language. There is no limita-
tion upon it. If this bill shall pass and shall be
held to be constitutional, it will authorize the Pres-
ident to suspend it in the ease of a patent who
applies for the writ to relieve his infant child from
the custody of another. He may suspend it in the
case of a man chargcd with petty or grand larceny,
or with manslaughter, murder, or any other of-
fense known to the law,as well as for treason, or
aiding and abetting the enemy. The Senator from
l5eiinsylvania thinks nobody would think of sus-
pendingit m all cases. Here it is pioposed to clothe
the Executive with the power to suspend it " in
any case," and consequently he can carry it to all
cases. This is the startling poweryou propose to
confer upon the Executive. Why, sir, if a mem-
ber of the Senate should be arrested upon any
charge, or committed to joil, without having com-
mitted any offense, upon suspicion, the President
could say upon that suspicion, "that is a case, and
as to it 1 will suspend the writ of habeas corpus."
Sir, I think there nevei was befote an attempt to
confer such a power on any magistiate by law.
Mr. President, I do not regard this matter of the
habeas corpus so lightly as some otheis. I do not
believe that the writ of habeas corpus should ever
be suspended where your courts are open, and
where you have virtuous and upright judges. 1
think the danger to the liberty of the citizen is
much more than the danger to the public liberties,
provided the courts are upright, honest, and just,
and are open. If you anest a man and he is re-
leased, if he does anything wrong you can arrest
him again.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. -Are there not cases where the
privilege of the writ ought to be suspended for the
benefit of the prisoner himself? It is easy to con-
ceive of a case where, in consequence of an inva-
sion or rebellion, the public mind might be so ex-
cited that one arrested could not have a fair trial,
particularly if arrested for a crime connected with
the rebellion or invasion, although in all other
cases, for other offenses, a man mighthave a fair
trial. In such a case, would it be proper to expose
the prisoner to a trial before a jury, one half of
whom might be inveterately opposed to him, and
would insist upon his conviction at all hazards ?
Is it not oftentimes as well for the benefit of the
offender, or the person charged with the offense,
as it is for the safety of the Government ? Is the
writ not to be suspended in cases where by reason
of rebellion or invasion, although the courts may
be open, the country is in that distracted and dis-
turbed state that it is impossible that a man should
have a fair trial? And if the reason prevails in
favor of the offender, should it not also prevail in
regard to the State? The State has the same right
to demand in the courtsafair trial thatone charged
with an offense has on his part to demand the same.
Mr. POWELL. I do not suppose the writ of
habeas corpus ever was suspended for the safety of
the party imprisoned. I do not suppose the Sen-
ator can find a case of that kind, either in Europe
or in this country, where the writ was suspended
out of tender regard to the safety of the accused-
Mr. COWAN. I would ask the honorable
Senator whether the venue is not changed at times
for that very purpose? The venue is changed
because there is a portion of the community not
in that disturbed and distracted condition but that
it can afford a fair trial. Now suppose, if it is
possible, and it is, that the whole country is in
such a condition that a fair trial cannot be ob-
tained, is not the privilege of the writ, upon ne-
cessity, and upon the principle of changing the
venue, to he suspended eveiywhere?
Mr. POWELL. 1 cannot concur with the Sen-
ator that the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
ever was suspended out of tender regard to the
accused, h is done always in the very words of
the Constitution when the public safety demands
it. 1 hope the learned Senator does not intend to
insinuate that Abraham Lincoln has suspended
the wnt or attempted to suspend it—and practi-
cally he has suspended it—out of tender regard to
those who have occupied his bastiles. No, sir;
Abraham Lincoln was not moved by the tender
regard he had for the rights and the liberties of the
people. They demanded atual all the time, and
lie refused to allow them to go before the judges,
where, under the Constitution, they had a right
to go. But there is ample provision in the law to
meet all the cases to which the Senator has refer-
red, to protect the rights of the citizen. There is
no upright judge who would not give the accused
a continuance in such a case; and if the people of
one county were so much exasperated that they
could not, or it was probable they would not, ex-
ecute the law faithfully, a change of venue could
be granted to the prisoner, and he would be car-
ried to another county to be tried.
Mr. President, the wi it oChabeas corpus is a priv-
ilege granted to the many to protcct them from the
few. It is the greatrightof the people given them
by wise and learned lawgivers for the purpose of
protecting them against the one-man power, or pro-
tecting them against despotism. That is the ob-
ject of the writ. It has been the subject of eulogy
bv our ancestors and by us from the days of Magna
Charta to this hour: and yet, sir, we find now that
it is held m light esteem by those in power. I
would ask Senators, why propose to confer this
power on your Piesideni? Do you not by that
admit that the President has violated the funda-
mental law of the land? You certainly do. You
know that by his proclamation he has declared
this writ suspended. Now you come to the Son-
ate Chnmberand propose to pass a law to £.u:hor-
ize the President to do what he has already claimed
the right to do !
If the Piesident has assumed to suspend the
writ oi; habeas corpus without having the constitu-
tional authority to do it, a virtuous, an upright,
a hbeity-loving people would demand that their
Representatives in the other end of this Capitol
