THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1863.
New Series No. 34.
of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and
Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians,
and for the disposition of their lands in Minne-
sota and Dakota."
SUSPENSION OF THE HABEAS COKPCS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate take up House
bill No. 634.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry to have to ob-
ject to that,for I regard House bill No. 634, which,
I believe, is the bill to provide for aiding; the State
of Missouri to abolish slavery, as very import-
ant; but yesterday, just before the close ot' the
session, on my motion, House bill No. 591 was
called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
pardon the Chair, that hill was the unfinished
business that should have come up at one o'clock,
but it escaped the recollection of the Chair. It is
now before theSenate: but the motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri is in order to postpone it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist on my motion.
I have ^iven way repeatedly. Yesterday morn-
ing I gave way, expecting that a bill would not
occupy more than fifteen or twenty minutes, but
it excluded this bill for the day. If anything is
to be done with reference to this matter, I desire
that it shall be done as soon as possible. The bill
I propose to take up, with due deference to the
Senator from Illinois, is one, 1 think, of practical
importance. The bill that he desires to have taken
up in preference, as I understand it, is a bill in-
demnifying the President and other officers for
ariests that they have made. I do not apprehend
that anything of a serious character demands the
consideration of that bill at the piesent time, or I
certainly would not int^iposc an objection to its
being taken up at this moment. Our Legislature
in Missouri will very soon adjourn. They have
acted on this subject, and they have requested by
a joint resolution immediate action on the part of
Congress. I am acting, indeed, as I consider,
under instructions, almost, from the Legislature
on the subject. 1 think the matter contained in
the bill referred to by the Senator from Illinois
may very weii be put off for a day oi two. It
certainly cannot do any very gieat injury. There-
fore, sir, F must insist 011 my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I reported both of these
hills from the Committee 011 the Judiciary, and
am exceedingly anxious to have the attention of
the Senate, to each of them; but we have now the
bill to indemnify the President and officers of the
Government for arrests which have been made,
before us, and we shall waste time by attempting
to displace it by taking up the bill to which the
Senator from Missouri refeis. Many Senators
who are fiiendly to that bill, I know, camiQt vote
to postpone Ihe bill now before the .Senate for the
purpose of taking up the bill which the Senator
from Missouii desires to have pieceilenoe. itwill
only weaken the strength of that bill to ure;e it at
this moment. I hope the Senator flora Missouri
will not pi ess his motion. If be does I shall be
compelled to ask for a division of the Senate upon
it. As we have this lull before us, and as those
of us who are fiiendly to tiie bill he d..sircs to take
up wish to goon with, this lull, 1 think* hehad bet-
ter not peiMst in his motion at this turn'. This
is now the order of the day. It was taken up yes-
terday and left as the unfinished business, for the
very purpose of tciung on with it to-day; and I
hope the Senator will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I never was able to re-
sist an appeal of this character, and I shall once
more yield; but I give notice that I shall not do
so in the futuie.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
"Whole, the coiiMdcrntion of the bill (H. R.No.
591) to indemnify the P resident and other peisons
for suspending the writ of hobens cmpus, and acts
done in pursuance thereof. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported the bill with an amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause in the ori-
ginal bill, in the following words;
Whereas, since tlie 4lii day of March, 1861, the United
34
Slates Isa^e been in an insuricctionary and rebellious con-
dition, <iiid the public safety has lequued that the puvilege
of' th<j win of habeas rorjius should bo su.ponded; and
w hetens during Unit time the privilege of the said wiit Inu-
been t-oveial times ^spended1"!^ the Provident ol the United
States, find bi'vcitd artosts and impu-ormients have taken
place under and in coni-eqnence thoieof; and wheieas
time is not en me unanimity of opinion as to which launch
or the Government pns-o>i's the constitutional powei to
declaiesuch suspension: Therefore,
Be U cnuUcti, 4v.,TImr ail such H^penMons arrests, and
imnt i^onments b> \vhom->oeve! made 01 caused to be made,
undei the authority oiilie said Pi evident, thai I be confirmed
and made valid ; and the said 1'ie-tdent, decretal ios, heads
ot DepaitinenN,and all per-ons who have been concerned
in ma king said anesi^. ot nt doing 01 advising any such act-*
as aloiesjiul, aie hcieby indemnified and dischaicod in ie-
speet ibeieof, and all indictments,and mfoim.ition,action,
suits, pio<eeution^, and pioceedimr-* whatsoever com-
menced. oi to be commenced, against the stud Pie^ident,
oi any of the per&ons aforesaid m lei.mon to the acts and
matter afoicsaid, or any ol them, are hcieb\ di^chaiged and
made void.
Si o. 0 *•??;<' he it fuither enacted, That duiing the exist-
ence of this h'belhon the Piesiden! shall be. and is heieln,
invested with authoiitv to declaie the suspension 01 the
pi j \'ilege of the vv i it ot habeas ro>j u?, : t such tinier and in
such places, and Willi ley.nd to such poi&on-, as m bid
judgment ihe public saietj may icqutie.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Tnat if anv Mhf <n pto--oeuuon ha? been or j-hall be com-
menced in anv ?5tate com t a^.un^l any ofljeer. ci\ ii or mih-
tarv, oi acmnst any oiIum pei - on. for any ai i est oi impi win-
men! made oi othei tie-pa-->o-. 01 wionu< done oi committed
at any tune during the pie-eut lebellion, by vtitue oi tindei
coloi of anv autlioi it\ del i ved lioiu oi eveiei*ed bv 01 under
the Piesident ot the tinted iat.ues, and the defendant shall,
at the tune of enteiimr his app'-iuance in such omit, oi H
such suit shall ha\ e been enieied ln'ioie the pa-r^c ol this
act, tiien at tii'- next ion ot the coin I in winch -airhMUt is
peiidinir, (ile a petition loMhe icmoval of the cause toi trial
dt the next c 11 cuit cotii t of the raited Slates, to hi1 hold en in
the di-fiict wheic the suit l- pending, and otioi good and
sufficient siii et\ loi his iiling m such eoiut. on the b;-t day
ot its session, copie - of sUv-h pioeess and othei pioecedinub
a'jauist Inm, and aNo loi his appeal nig in h '••oui t and en-
teiimr special hail tii the (MUs(>. it • pec nil bail wib oi iginally
icqlined theiein. it sh.ill I hen he the dntv o! tin- tfuieeouit
to accept the mh etv and ptocced no I m turn in the eaiw^ and
the bail th.it sball"hav< been otigmalh taken «iiall be d.s-
chained; and such copies beniir lib'd as alotesaid 111 Mich
court ol the Tinted Hnte-. the eau-e shall |)ioceed therein in
the same tnanuei a-- |f' n ii,id been htou<:ht in said t omt by
oi urinal piocessy\v hatovei may be tiie anion nt in dispute or
tin; daiuaiiCsel.miM'd,oi whaicvei ihe cili/.''ii lupoi the par-
ties, anv foimm law to the contiaiy notuith-iandiu'j;; and
an\ attachment ot tIt< irood-oi e- tan of the didendai.t b\ the
oriirhul pieces shall hold the i o<hK 01 estate so attaehed to
atiswei tiu final pidL'incnt m tliesame mannet a- by (he laws
ot such ^tate the> wimld nave been holdon In i linal
i ud"meat had n been t eiulei in t be cci > 1111 \\ oiCil the suit
v.,is commenced. And li shall be l.iwlul in any svnmn or
pioseention wlueii m.u he now nendinjr, or herealiei coni-
ini need, beioio an\ State touit whaievei. loi any cause
afoK-said, aftei fi'i.tl imiyinent, loi < tlhei paitj to lemove
and ti aiislei. by appeal, siu b case tint ing ihe st*?sion oi teim
ot said court at which the same shall have taken plac< ,liom
Mieh couit to the ne\t eiienit coint o! tiie IJmtetl States to
be held in the dMnct m wh.eh sueh appeal shall be taken,
in manner aioicsaid; and it shall he tiu: duly ol the pcison
taking such appeal to piodive and bie in the said eiicuit
couit attested copie- of the pioces^, ptoceedmp:-. and jiidir-
ment in such imu-c ; and it shall aNo be competent loi
citliei paiiy.u iihm m \ niouths alter the i eiuhton ol ajudi:
muni in :tii} sueli i ,u's,' j,y will ol emu oi oliiei pioeesN.
to icmove the anse to ihe I ncuit eoiut oi the luitted States
ol that disti k i in whi'-h mi- h |iid2iucnt .-haii have In i n ien
tiered , and tic- -aid « i.eu.l coin i«-hail theicupon pi oceed to
11\ and deieinuue the ia< ts and the law iu such action, in
tin: same nianuei as if the same bad been then' oturmally
commenced. iin' jndninent in Mich case not\\ lib-land1 nu;
And any had which inav have been taken. 01 piopert} at-
tached.shall beholden on the Imal )ud:3mieut ol the said
cneuit eoiut iii sueh actum, in the same manner as it no
such 11 nioval and tian-!<i bad bet-n made as aioicsaid.
And t'<e S'ate com t 11 om which .my sucii action mav be ic-
ii)..ved and uaiMcuedas alotesaid, upon the parties mvmjj
' 'i<>od andsulin icnt i m it} lot tin, pio.-eettiioh theieot, shali
' il low the same t (j be lemovi d and t) .insie; 11 d, and pi oceed
I no tm b"i in tin-case P, r,t n'c<K h™ c> - Thin ir the pai ty
I aioies,mi - nail lail dnl\ to eniei the inuovnl and u an-|ei,
' a- a.ni< -aid. in the ein nil coint, a ieeably to tin- act, the
j Staic coint. by which judgment simll have been iciub'ied,
1 ami liom which tin tiau-lei and icmo\a! shall have been
■ made, as a!ote-aid? shall be anihoii/.- d, on motion ha that
I pin pose, to i^iiH i vernnon, and t" can} into < iiect an>
sueii iiul"ineni. tl^ same as u no Mich iemov.il and tian«-
|; ;«>! ul been mauc *'b.o proi I'kd 'i nat no such appeal
p oi wut ei e-iw. -h Ul be uiiowed in nn> action 01 piosc-u-
tion whi'ic Imal judgment shall have been rendeied in la-
,! vot of the detcnilant oi icspondt tit In the State eoiut, and
in any action ot ptoiu uuci .uranrt an} p.'isnti, a« aioie
said it sjiail be law iu! tot such pei-on to plead the j;eneiai
"issue, and ;>tve iln.actand anv special mattr-r m < vidence.
And il in any -mt tiie pi.untift is nonsuited <>r judgment pa^s
a«ain^t him, the defendant  iml! i« cover d< ublo costs.
°Scc,^. Jind he it juithcr enacted, That any suit or
piosccution against any p< rson loi any cause menuoncd in
the fiist section of this act, if judgment shall be given against
the defendant or respondent, and it shall appear to the court
bofoie which sueh suit or prosecution Miall he tiled that
there was reasonable or probable causc foi the arrest or I ni-
pt isonmentor other wiong for which said suit was brought,
01 it it shall appear to ?aid court that the defendant or re-
spondent conducted in good fatlh in making such freest or
imprisonment, or doing such aet. such court siiaf! order a
ptoper cemficate or enti> to bo made theieof, and there-
upon no execution shall issue or further proceeding be had
against such defendant or respondent for said cause of ac-
tion or on said judgment, until after the adjournment of Che
then next ensmni; session of Confess.
S;:r; 3 Jind he it Jui iher enacted. That any suit described
m the fiist section of this act, in which final judgment may
be rendered in the citcmt court, may be earned by writ of
ciioi to the Supreme Couit, whatever may be the amount
of said judgment. ,
Sfc. 4. ~tnd he it further Biactcd, That no suit or prose-
cution shall lie maintained (oi any an est or imprisonment
made, or other tiesp.isses or wrongs done ot committed at
any tunc during the pKsent lebellion, by virtue or under
color ot any authority deuved <'iom or exercised by or un-
do the l'i evident oi the United States, unle«s the same shall
have been commenced within two yeaia next after such
atie-sf, imprisonment, ttcspass, or wrong may have beea
made or committed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
tho chair.) The question is on the amendment
in tho nature of a substitute reported by theCom-
nuttce on tho Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am opposed to
the original bill, ami also to the amendment re-
ported by the committee, and I shall proceed to
give vny objections generally at some length.
The President of the United States has promul-
gated three of ihe most extraordinary and start-
ling edicts that ever originated with any man who
occupied (he position of the Chief Magistrate of
a free people. They are in the form of proclama-
tions, dated the -J2danil 24th of September, 1862,
and the 1st of January,' 1863; and ho comes at
length to profess to issue them by virtue of the
power vested in him by the Constitution, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, as fit and necessary war measures
to suppiess the rebellion. 1 propose to examine
these most interesting papers ul the light of that
Constitution which lie invokes as his authority.
The Government of the United States is formed
by a written Constitution, by which all its powers,
Civil and military, aie established and conferred
i upon it,and us diflercntdepartmentsand officers.
! Separate and independent States, each of which
! possessed all the sovereign powers of Govern-
j ment, although united in a. Confederation, vested
! in a common Government, portions of their politi-
i cal power, and formed a nation called the United
! Suites of America, the people of whieh acting by
States, ratified and adopted the Constitution by
which this Government was created. The posi-
tion that this Government does not possess and
cannot exercise any power that is not vested in
, it by the Constitution", is a plain principle spring-
ing out of it as it was first formed and adopted,
iiut our aneostois deemed this principle to be of
such vital impoitance, thaj, to place it beyond all
doubt oi question, they added these clauses as
amendments to the Constitution:
'■ 'I lie cnumeiation in the Constitution of ccrtain rights
fjlmll not be cun?tiuc(i to deny and destroy others retained
by the people.'1
" The powci s not delegated to the United States nor pro-
hibiiwl by n to the State s, aie reserved to the States re-
spective!) , or to the people  
The Supreme Court, in the case of Fairfax's
heir vs. tiuntei's lessee, ( 1 Wheaton, 304,)recog-
nizetl this piinople in these words:
-■ j'hc Government of the Unitui States can claim no
poweit. winch mo nut sirantf <1 by the Constitution ; and tha
powets aetuallv giantcd miM brt-uch as are expressly given,
or given by necessary implication."
In the same caso, tho court also decided—
"That it is peneetly tiue that me sovereign powers vested
in the folate jioveininents by thwr lespectivo constitutiona
remain un.iiteied and unmipaiied, except &o tar aa they
were granted to the Government ol the United States.
In the case of the United States us. Fisher et
(2 Crunch, 258,) the same court announces:
i •' It has been truly said, that under the Constitution, eon-
feinng specific powci*, the power contended tor must b®
gianted <>r it cannot be eieited.''
Another inherent principle of the Constitution
is, that it is the paramount law, which domi-
nates all other law on every point where there is
