530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
any conflict. But this essential principle is also
expressly declared by it in these clauses:
" This Constitution, and the Uuvs of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, shall he the su-
preme law of the land; and the judges in every State phall
be bound thereby; anything in the constitution or laws of
any State to the contiary notwithstanding.
"The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and the members of the several State Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial officers, both of the United States
and of the several State*, shall be bound by oath or affirma-
tion to support this Constitution."
Not only State constitutions and laws, but na-
tionaHaw, military law,and all other laws, so far
as they are antagonistic to any principle of the
Constitution, whether it be established by express
language or "necessary implication, yield and be-
come of no force or effect in our country. That
is the supremacy of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. In the distribution winch it makes of
the powers of Government into three principal
departments, the powers it vests in each, those
it withholds from the United States, from Con-
gress, or the President, or the States, and the rights
and liberties it guaranties or reserves to the peo-
ple, on these and all other matters for which it
provides, it is, until altered and amended in the
mode prescribed by itself, both the paramount
and unchangeable law. As aPennsylvaniajudge
expresses it with force, beauty, and truth:
"The constitution of a State is stable and pcinmnent,
not to he worked upon by the tempest of the times not to
rise and (all with the tide of events. Notwithstanding the
competition of opposing interests, and the violence of con-
tending parties, it remains firm and immovable as a mount-
ain amidst the strife ofstoims, 01 a lock in the ocean anuiNt
the raging waves.5'—Vanhom's lessee vs. Doirancc.2 Dull.,
304. _ '
The Constitution is tlie ark of American lib-
erty. It provided for a separate magistracy for
each of the departments of the Government. It
established limited legislative powers, and vested
them in Congress; still more, restricted executive
powers, and conferred them on the President; and
judicial powers commpnsuratc with the scope of
the Government, and vested them 111 a Supreme
and inferior courts. It blended none of the powers
which it established among different departments
or officers, exeepi the treaty-making powri is
vested in the President and the Senate, and the
President is also designated to be the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States. The investiture of all other powers is in
separate departments and magistracy, which weie
designed to be checks upon each other. When a
power is vested, by express terms, in a depart-
ment or officer, no other department or officer can
claim it by implication, or by any other law; and
when a right or liberty is, in express language,
guarantied to the people, it cannot bo divested by
any implication or by any other law. .
it was impossible to set forth in detail all the
powers necessary to be conferred on the Govern-
ment, and necessaiily that was done in language
and by terms more or less general. Those pow-
ers that were deemed to be of most importance
were both established and vested in the appropri-
ate department by express language; and the in-
definite number and character of poweis which
would be required to aid the Government and each
one of its departments to execute those that had
been conferred by direct terms, were provided for
by this separate clause:
"Congic^s shall hiive power to mrtlte all taws which
phall be no-o^my and [nopei lor carivnip into execution
the torepoai" pu\vei>, and ail oilier poweis vested by tins
Constitution in tiie Government ol tile United States, 01 m
any department or officer tlieicef.'1
Thus is established another important principle
ofour Government, which is too often overlooked, j
especially in considering the extentof the powers j
of the President. _ He is notmvested by the Con-
stitution with a single auxiliary power, however .
necessary and proper to aid him in carrying into i
execution the most important powers conierted j
upon him by language expressing it, or necessa- '
rilv importing it. All incidental powers for the
President, for the judiciaiy, and for every officer,
have first to be chosen by Congress, organized by i
it in appropriate laws, and the particular depart- i
mentor officcrauthorizedbyitgtermsto use them, !
before this can be done. These cardinal piiuci- !
pies of our Government, which I have stated, aic I
all true beyond reasonable contioveisy. They are J
beacon-lights that will direct our minds to truthful
conclusions through all the mazes of argument on
every question arising on the President's procla-
mation.
In his edict of the 22d September the President
declares that on the 1st day of January ensuing—
" All persons held as slaves within any State, or desig-
nated part of a State, the people whereot shall be in rebel-
lion against the United State?, shall be then, thenceforward,
and forever free] and the executive Government ot the
United States, including the military and naval authority
thereof, will jecognize and maintain the fieedom of such
persons, and will do no act or acts to suppress such per-
sons, or any of them, m any efforts they may make for their
actual freedom.
"That the Executive will, on the 1st day of January,
aforesaid, by proclamation, designate the States and parts
of States, if any, in which the people thereof respectively
shall then be in rebellion against the United States," &• c.
Some two days previous to the publication of
this proclamation, a delegation of political preach-
ers, from a convention of their fellows held in
Chicago, had come to this city on a mission to
Mr. Lincoln, and had urged him to issue a proc-
lamation to emancipate the slaves, which he then
refused, but held to them this language: "Under-
stand, 1'raise no objections to it on legal or con-
stitutional grounds, for I suppose I have a right to
take any measures which may best subdue the enemy. *'
On the 24th September, two days after the date
of iiis first manifesto, Mr. Lincoln issued another,
in these words:
" Whereas it has bccome necessary to call into service not
only volunteeiSjbut also portionsof themihtiaof the States
by draft, m oidcr to suppiess the insun action existing in the
United States-; and disloyal persons are not adequately re-
gained by oidinary process of law from hindciing this
measure, and from giving aid and comfort in various ways
to the lntimcction." Now, theiefoie, be ltordeied—
" Fust. Dm my the existing insui lection, and an a necessary
measure (or simpiessing the same, all rebels and inMiigents
then aidets and abettors, within the United States, and all
pei^ons discouraging volunteer enlistments insisting militia
di.'ilts, or guilty of an) disloyal piacticc, aflbidmg aid and
comUnt to the rebels against the authomv of the. United
States, shall he subject to mattial law, liable totiial and
punishment bv eouits-martial or nultuuy commission.
'• Second The writ of/jaJicrts corpus is* suspended in lespect
to all pei sons an cued, or who are now, or hereafter during
the icbolUon shall be, imprisoned in any fort, camp, arsenal,
mihuuj prison, or other place of confinement, by any mili-
tary authouty, or by the sentence of any court-martial or
military commission.-'1
To make this latter proclamation effective, Mr.
Lincoln, by his Secretary of War, two days
thereafter, promulgated a series of subsidiary reg-
ulations and orders. By the first he established
"a provost marshal general" for the United
States, located his headquarters at Washington,
and gave him the immediate direction and control
of the whole corps of provost marshals. By the
second, he ordained that one or more spccial pro-
vost marshals should be established in each State,
and should report to and receive instructions and
orders from the provost marshal general. The
third made it the duty of the special provost mar-
shals to arrest all military deserters, and, upon
the warrant of the judge advocate, to arrest all dis-
loyal persons subject to arrest under the orders
of the War Depai tment, to inquire into and report
treasonable practices, seize stolen or embezzled
property of the Government, detect spies of the
enemy, and perform such other duties as may be
enjoined upon them by the War Department, and
to report all their proceedings to the provost mar-
shal general. The fourth authorizes special pro-
vost marshals to call to their assistance any avail-
able military force within their respective districts,
or to obtain the aid of citizens, constables, sheriffs,
or police officers, so far as may be necessary, un-
der such regulations as may be prebcubed by the
provost marshal general of the War Department,
with the approval of the Secretary of War. The
fifth provides for the payment of the expenses of
the organization and all its service. The sixth,
for the compensation of special provost marshals
and for the payment of their traveling expenses.
And the seventh declares that " all appointments
in the service will be subject to be revoked at the
pleasure of the Secretary of War."
In conformity to his previous annunciation, Mr.
Lincoln, on the 1st of January, issued his third
proclamation, to carry into effect his fiist one,
which it embodied in it as a preamble, and then
proceeds:
therefore T, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States by virtue of {he power in me vested as Coin- ;
mandcr-in-Ciuei of the Army and Navy of the United States j
id time* of actual armed rebellion against the authority and j
Government of the United States, and as a fit and nece*- \
saiy war measure for suppiessing said lebellion, do, on tins
1st day of Januai y, in the year ot our Loid 1863', and in ac-
cordance with my purpose so to do, publicly pioelaimod for
the full period of one hundred days fiom the day first above
mentioned, order and designate as the States and parts of
States wherein the people thereof respectively are tins day
in rebellion against the United States, the following, to
wit," &c.
He then names all the seceded States except
Tennessee, Western Virginia,and a small portion
of Louisiana, which he leseives for the present
from the operation of this edict, and proceeds:
" And by viitue of the power, and for the purposes afore-
said, I do oider and declare that all pei«on<? held as slaves
within said designated States and pans of States are, and
henceforth shall be, free; and that the executive Govern-
ment of the United States, including the military and naval
authoiities thereof, will recognize and maintain tiie free-
dom of said persons.
£> And I fuither declare and make known, that such per-
sons ot.suitable condition will be received into the armed
seivice of the United States to gairison forts, positions,
stations, and other places, and man vessels of all sorts m
.said service/'
This is the outline of the comprehensive scheme
devised ostensibly to aid in suppressing a great in-
surrection, and leducing the insurgents to obedi-
ence to the Constitution and laws; but, in reality,
to abolish negro slavery everywhere, and to sub-
jugate and enslave every white man who inter-
poses, by word or act, to prevent the Constitution
from being violated and overthrown that it may
be done.
Avery fruitful source of erroneous opinion as to
the powers of our Government, and paiticularly
of the executive branch, is a recurrence to the
monarchies and despotisms of Europe, or to gen-
eral ideas of executive power as they are given
in works on government, to ascertain and estab-
lish the extent and nature of the powers of the
President. Such a mode of argument is wholly
fallacious, nnd leads to nothing but error.
The Constitution names all the powers which
it confers on the President, and the schedule is not
large. It makes him " Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States when called into the
actual service of the United States." It gives him
power to " require the opinion, in writing, of the
principal officer in each of the Executive Depart-
ments upon any subject relating to the duties of
their respective offices;" " and to grant reprieves
and pardons for offenses against the United States,
except in cases of impeachment;" by nnd with the
advice and consent of the Senate to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present con-
cur; and by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate " to appoint embassadors, other pub-
lic ministers, and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United States
whose appointments aie not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law;"
and "to fill up all vacancies that may happen during
the recess of the Senate, by granting commissions
which shall expire at the end of their next ses-
sion." " He shall fiom time to time give the Con-
gress information of the state of the Union, and
recommend to their consideration such measures
as he shall judge necessary and expedient. He
may, on extraordinary occasions, convene both
Houses, or either of them, and m case of disagree-
ment between them with respect to the time of ad-
journment, he may adjourn them to such time as
he shall think proper; he shall receive embassa-
dors and other public ministers; lie shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed, and shall
commission all the officers of the United States."
This is the whole vocabulary of the powers con-
ferred upon the President by the Constitution;
and he has not a single one beside, except those
incidental and auxiliary powers which have been
devolved upon him by laws of Congress. He
might by law of Congress be authorized to declare
when, where, and to what extent and duration
the writ of habeas corpus should be suspended. It
has often passed laws and suspended their oper-
ation, but authorized tiie President, by his proc-
lamation, to declare them to take effect on the
occurrence of some event. Ry the act of 1795,
Congress gave authority to the President to call
forth the militia to execute the laws of the United
States, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions; and without such a law he has no authority
to use that power for either of those objects. Con-
gress, eu nomine, is given the power by the Con-
stitution " to provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insur-
rections, and repel invasions." Section four, ar-
ticle four, reads:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government, and shall piotect
each of tiiexn against invasion, and, on application of the
