1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$t4M
entered almost every house; when almost every
woman you meet wears the habiliments of sorrow;
still the people hardly feel that they are at war;
when they go on speculating who shall be the
next Governor or who shall be the next Presi-
dent, the same as in time of peace.
Sir, much as we have suffered, the visitation
has not been yet enough to arouse us to a sense
of our great danger and to the responsibility of
our situation. Suppose we fail, and we may fail,
upon whom will the responsibility rest? Will
history decide emphatically for the one side or
the other? Will she lay the blame on the Dem-
ocrats or the radicals? Let me beg my friend
from Kentucky to attend. Will she not speak, as
the Senate now speaks, with a double tongue?
Will she say the disastrous result was owing to
the refusal of his party to yield due and timely
obedience to the constitutional majority; or will
she say that to the excesses of that majority were
owing the misfortunes which befell the nation ? I
am afraid, sir, she will leave the question just
where she found it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him, in answer to his question why we
cannot cease our strife, why is it that the party
to which he belongs cannotcease conducting this
war upon their own partisan platform, attempting
to accomplish the emancipation of slavery, and to
make this war the means of doing it, when, if they
would let that subject alone, and did not confine
their political arrests simply to Democrat^, har- j
mony might to a great extent be restored?
Mr. COWAN. A party is like a ladder—use-
less if it. has not something to lean against. That
support it receives from its opposite is just as
necessary to keep it up as that which it has in
itself. Then, if you will take away the wall of
your opposition, it will fall to the ground, and be
of no use for any one to climb upon.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I thought you were ap-
pealing to the entire country.
Mr. COWAN. I am, sir; and I do so to my
own party as much as'to yours, because I think
both are in fault, the one for having a ladder, and
the other for furnishing a support upon which it
may lean. My counsel was that we should ad-
venture ourselves upon no measure of doubtful
propriety, nor uponany not indispensable to carry
on the war, and in that way have silenced oppo-
sition.4 This was not followed, and you have
been trading ever since upon the capital we fur-
nished you by our introduction and advocacy of
those measures which, if they have not been hurt-
ful to us, have been at least a godsend to you;
without them the Democratic party had been ex-
tinct during the war. This was our folly; now
let us look at yours. While such measures were
under consideration, you were right m opposing
them; but when they were adopted according to
forms of the Constitution, then I think opposition
should have ceased. As a minority, in time of
war it was easy to pass them by till a more con-
venient season. That was not done; the strife
went on with increasing rancor and bitterness,
and we arc now reaping the terrible harvest which
grows from the seeds of such dissensions. Error
on the one side begat error on the other, and thus
between the upper and nether millstones of patty
the great heart of the country has been crushed
and broken till faith and hope have almost de-
serted it. We have looked back upon the old
Sodom, and, like Lot's wife, are petrified in inac-
tion, and unable to escape the impending danger.
Now, in doing all this, i think the rule 1 have
stated furnishes an easy and safe guide, the true
one to save the Union under and through the fair
operation of the Constitution and laws.
I would fain, too, stand upon .the Constitution
with such a construction of it as we could all stand
upon, not so strict as to defeat the operation of
the instrument, nor so loose as to indicate a dis-
regard of its piovisions; and 1 would do this al-
ways and in all time in good faith. That Consti-
tution being the paramount will of the whole
people, not of a part or party, it imposes the first
and strongest obligation upon us to obey it. in-
deed, to secure this we are required to swear sol-
emnly that we will do so; and I can conceive of
no offense equal in magnitude to a violation of
that oath. To break faith with or betray a trust
confided by one man is bad enough, but to do so
with a nation numbering millions of confiding fel-
low-citizens is so fir beyond the ordinary man-
ure of human transgression that I am unable to
think of it without shuddering. To cut the dikes
which protect a small district from inundation, to
poison the reservoir which supplies thewaterfor
a city, are things too horrible to contemplate;and
yet the effects produced by these are no more to
be compared to the direful results produced by
loosing the bonds by which an empire is held to-
gether than molehills are to mountains. Surely
we have now under our own eyes enough to sat-
isfy us that of all calamities which can befall a
country there is none which approaches that of
civil war, and to disregard or violate the Consti-
tution is only to invite civil war. Our people are
only to be ruled upon their own terms; what they
agree their rulers may do they will allow to be
done, and nothing more; what their rulers right-
fully do under the authority given them they will
carry out, and that with a terrible earnestness
well illustrated in the great struggle now going on
to enforce the laws.
The Constitution, then, being the charter by
which our Government is created, it is easy to see
that outside of that charter there is not, nor can
there be, any Government; theie may be force
and despotism, but there can bo no law nor true
Government. And the man who, for a moment,
thinks the Government can be saved by violating
the Constitution, is guilty of either supreme folly
or supreme wickedness. He has either never com-
prehended the principles of a free Government, or
his moral nature has been so far pei verted as to
prevent him from distinguishing between such a
Government and a despotism. Akin to that no-
tion is another, that the authority conferred and
the mode of action prescribed by the Constitution
are inadequate to the defense and protection of the
liberties of the nation. Now, I venture to assert
that nothing could be more unfounded than such
a supposition. So far from it, I have no hesita-
tion in saying that if, at this time, the nation re-
lied solely upon the omnipotent discretion of its
rulers, without a written Constitution at all, that
those rulers, if they were wise, would adopt for
themselves just such a set of rules for their guid-
ance as we now have in the Constitution. It
authorizes every politic and forbids all impolitic
measures. It rises like a wall, behind which the
wise statesman intrenches himself to resist the
nmduesa of faction, or the blind folly of the peo-
ple, when, seduced by demagogues, they desire
to resort to dangerous though plausible schemes;
schemes which for long ages have been tried over
and over again, and always with the same disas-
trous results; schemes which aie sure to find ad-
vocates in troubled times, when wisdom stands
back fearful of responsibility, and empty, blatant
folly i ushes forward to offer counsel. Such limes
we arc fallen upon, and our only safety—the aik,
indeed, of our safety—is the Constitution.
Next after the Constitution, which is the will ot
the whole people, I respect and obey the will
of the party which administers the Government
as soon as it assumes the form of law. I may
have believed the huv impolitic; I may have op-
posed its enactment; 1 may seek to have it de-
clared unconstitutional; I may struggle foi its le-
peal; but still I will obey it, and that cheerfully and
without resistance, as long as it is in force. Why
not? What right has an individual to set up his
will against the will of the nation as expiessed and
declared by the constituted authorities? To ad-
mit, for one moment, that right m any man is to
admit it in all men, the thief, the murderer, the
traitor, as well as in the seditious demagogue who
cloaks his base ambition under a noisy profession
of desire for the public good.
Mr. President, I hove no more respect for a
man who refuses obedience to any law, than 1
have for the assassin with his knife, the incendi-
ary with his torch, or any other criminal danger-
ous to society, because lie is more dangerous than
all ofthem; and in the end causes greaterand more
terrible calamities than any or ail of them put to-
gether.
Let us all, then, abide by the Constitution and
the laws. If the latter are unj.ist and oppressive,
let us trust they will be repealed; if they are un-
constitutional, let us hope the courts will protect
the citizen in individual cases against their opera-
tion; but let us do all and sulfer all rather than re-
sort to resistance, especially now when we are at
war, and a common enemy threatens us all.
Where is the difficulty about ttyis? Surely the
stake we have in the issue is enough to warrant
any sacrifice we are called upon to make that ye
may win. As it is, what is the spectacle we pre-
sent to an anxious world—here, after midnight,
engaged in that which is vulgarly called "fillipus*-
tering?" Will the world from this take bopettfrd
encouragement that there is in our form of go.v>
ernment that which will secure to men liberty, or-
der, and peace? Or will not all turn away in>de-
spair, expecting every moment that ours, the most
magnificent of all democratic experimentst has
proved a failure ?
If, on the other hand, we here were to join hands,
lay down our differences, and in the spirit of mu-
tual forbearance firmly resolve to present an un-
broken front against the common enemy, one
can doubt the magical effect which would be pro-
duced immediately upon all people everywhere.
Would they not receive renewed assurances of
man's capacity for self-government ? And would
not the muse of history rejoice to write it down
as the noblest effort yet made in the great work
of civilization, that reason had at last triumphed
over passion? Can any one doubt with what
unbounded joy such a union would be received
among our own people, those bowed down in sor-
row, those fainting in despair, those struggling in
the true faith, and those struggling with doubt?
Would not such a union be a sure harbinger of
the return of that grand old Union we all desire so
much? The effect of it u'pon the Army alone would
be enough to put our succ'ess beyond question;
every heart would beat quicker, and every arm
would be stronger; and the effect, too, upon the
rebels would be, perhaps, still mote decided; if
they found us firmly united it seems to me their last
hope would leave them, for I believe our dissen-
sions and divisions make up the staple of their last
hope; without it they have nothing to lean upon.
Mr. President, I have said what I have said
calmly, kindly, and more in sorrow than anger.
I feel we are trifling with the fate of an empire by
keeping up any longer the spirit of party, and that
nothing will save us but reconciliation and obedi-
ence—reconciliation as friends and obedience to
the Constitution and laws as citizens. A fewshort
months will determine, and determine for centu-
ries, perhaps, the greatest problem of this or any-
other age—I mean the great question of man's
capacity for self-government.
Mr. POWELL. My learned friend from Penn-
sylvania asked me a question to which 1 will at-
tempt to makeabrief response. It always affords
me pleasure to hear the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia speak. I have not only the highest regard for
his talents and his eloquence, but I have the very
highest regaid for him personally. There is no
Senator in this Chamber to whom I am more
warmly attached: and the Senator uttered one thing
which is certainly true when he said that he and I
differ very little. I am opposed to the war and he is
for it, and he has opposed many of the radical
measures of this Administration. 1 have opposed
all those measures. I know that that learned Sen-
ator in his heart of hearts detests the bill under
consideration as much as I do. I am certain that
that learned Senator knows it to be unconstitu-
tional. 1 know he docs not think the President
has a right u tutor the Constitution to suspend the
privilege of the writ "of habeas corpus. 1 have
known for more than a year back what his opin-
ions are.
But the honorable Senator asks, if we fail who
will be responsible? That is an important ques-
tion. Who will be responsible if we fail in pre-
serving the Constitution of our fathers and this
once glorious Union? I will say to my learned
friend that I do not think 1 shall be responsible,
bccause from the very beginning I not only op-
posed the coercion of States, but 1 opposed this
wild, mad, foolish policy of war; and if the Union
is dissevered forever, u will have been done by
those who voted for and caused this war. The
war will be the instrument with which the grave
of the Union is dug. I know that we could have
settled the difficulty originally by compromise and
concession. I know that every Senator who oc-
cupied a seat on this side of the Chamber which
was then in the majority desired concession, or
at least was willing to take constitutional guar-
antees and amendments to the Constitution that
would not have injured any man, North, South,
East, or West, in person, property, or liberty;
and I know that Senators on the other side would
