5S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
must have been convicted by the verdict of jury
on formal trial?
We have got some definite ideas of what " mil-
itary necessity" is not; but the question recurs,
what is it? It is not a need, great or small, of the
Government or people of the United States in this
rebellion. All matters on that extended scale re-
solve themselves into measures, questions of pol-
icy, and belong to the domain of national legisla-
tion, It is a need of an army, whether in war
or peace. It is the want of some material or ser-
vice or position, or some other thing necessary to
the support of that arriy or its efficiency, and so
urgent as not to admit of the delay that would be
required to obtain it according to the forms of
law. It is an occasion so important, so pressing,
and so immediate as to force the commandant to
make his own will the law of it, and the military
force under his command the power to execute
that law. It is the necessity that confers upon
the officer an exactly correspondent power, and
which is not allowed to exceed the necessity.
Military necessities are liable to occur in every
army, and in the nature of the need which creates
them, their importance, urgency, and all the facts
and circumstances which attend them, they are
of infinite variety; and precisely as they vary in
those respects do the necessary laws which they
create for each particular occasion. An army is
short of provisions and foiage. It £3 the duly of
Congress to support the Army, and that includes
every needful supply; but every army is liable to
be wanting in its stores. Citizens in 1 ts neigh-
borhood have them, but they will not dispose of
them for its use, and they cannot be got in tim^
elsewhere. The necessity authoiizes the com-
mandant to send a body of soldiers to seize«them.
They are consumed by use, and consequently th"
property and the owner's right to it are both de-
stroyed; but he has a constitutional claim against
the United States for the value. One of out at tines
is pursuing the retreating enemy; he stops and
intrenches, and intend:* there to make battle.
A military necessity arises which authorizes
our commander to occupy the adjacent ground,
and from it to make his regular approaches upon
the enemy; also to press into his service all the
convenient slaves, wngons, carts, oxen, and fit
implements to expedite the work. A building,
inhabited by a family, is between his lines and
the enemy; a military necessity requires the peo-
ple to be removed from it, and the bouse to be
pulled down, and invests the commander with
power to have both done, lie gives an order to
that effect, but before its execution is begun the
encmjHiavc lied, and with him all authority to
eject the family or laze the house, because there
is no longer any necessity for either. The com-
mander of our forces lakes up the pursuit, aban-
dons his position, and the slaves, wagons, horses,
carts,oxen,-and implements which he had pressed.
The owners of that property had been uepuved
of its possession, but their title to it had remained
unimpaired in fact and in law; and when the army
abandoned it, the possession also, by operation
of jaw, reverted to them. If the whole or part
of it had been taken possession of by third per-
sons, all alike, including the slaves, could be sued
for and recovered in the courts by the owners.
A military necessity must be present to the
army, both m locality and ;n time. I u the future,
there might be no necessity; or the condition and
circumstances might be ?u dj^.imiiar as to give j
totally diflerent authority, and icquuo a relief c,'
which that appropriate now v, oulu then be t;ss"n-
tially malapropos. Again: the authonry wh.ch
military necessity evokes is in derogation of the
Constitution, laws, and private, rs:nt. it is not
provided for by any law or rernsl'-vions, bceT''<"
its nature and extent cannot be Potest <*u; if this
were possible, it, like othu* subjocts, would N'
provided lor by piypcr laws auu r*.\tToiat'Or..r.
The irregular power which it rails iaio being i;%
only tolerated because it is sudden, fugitive,, alto-
gether uncertain in v.-hat form u raay°come, atv\
if not allowed to m&ke its own law, oreat
ment might come to the public service. It must
also be locally with the army, because arising out 1
of its wants, and it is the only power to ex^iic '
this law. In all its features it is military, anu be- j
ing matter of imhspcnsableness it is called " mill- i
tary necessity." ' ;
it does^ not originate out of the clause of the I
Constitution which declares the President to be
" Commander-in-Chief," but out of the fact and
existence of our Army, in war or peace, and its
operations, whether to repel invasions, suppress
insurrections, to protect a State against domestic
violence, or to wage war with foreign nations. It
does not appertain to the President exclusively
nor particularly, for it is seated not in ihc palace
but in the armies. It results wholly from phys-
ical conditions and circumstances; and whether
the Army was commanded by the President in
person, or a general, or colonel, its military neces-
sity under the same circumstances would be iden-
tical, and also the correlative authority created by
it. There is no sliding scale, shiftmgaccording to
the rank of the officer in command; and the Pres-
ident cannot exercise a greater power, or do any
act in the same command, but what would come
within the discretion and competence of any sub-
altern. Being the Commander-in-Chief would
only make this difference, that if he weie in po-
sition, and it had not become impracticable, he
might annul or modify the action which any com-
mandinggeneial had taken in any case of military
necessity within the powercommon to them both.
;j Those officious tools of power, Fremont and Hun-
!j tor, had as much authority as their master to issue
; j proclamations to free slaves, and that is none what-
| ever.
! This anomalous power, besides being liable to
[ flagitious abuse, collides with many clauses of the
j Constitution which .s^cuie the mostpiocious rights
i f-1 nd liberties to the citizen in the plainest language.
. They are guarantied m the clearest and most ex-
- pres.sive words; it results only from implication, j
I They are among the most impoitant,of the ends i
^ of Government; it an agency, a mere appendage |
of it, to uphold those inappreciable rights and !
liberties winch Mr. Lincoln is trying to strike |
down by nefariously perverting it to that purpose, j
When n conflict arises between the rights and lib- j
ertie.s of the people, the great objects of ail just j
and legitimate government, and not the fair and ;
proper use, but th^ most atrocious abuse of this, i
vino of the agencies adopted to secure those ob- !
jects, what enlightened fieeman will say that they j
must be sacrificed to the wicked perversion of the {
agency. No, sir; it is American statesmanship to I
restrict that agency to its proper sphere, in which j
it would be applied to armies when they are in i
j; great straits, and would, as far as piacticable, give i
lehef to their sudden, present,ana extreme needs,
without endangering any important constitutional
right or principle, though it would always pro-
duce individual and local inconvenience.
- The Constitution declares that no man shall
" be depnved of Ins property without due pro-
cess of law," and that "private property shall
not be taken for public use without just compen-
sation." in recognition of the principles estab-
lished by these clauses, the Supreme Court has
said: $-
"The Constitution protect* propeity n?ain*t aibinar\
seizuif and riivcMitin<', not acamst 5«-izuie oi <hv«'stitm<;
l v legal pjocss and on compensation made.'* '■
IIow u1.r can ;i mn'o rights of property, thus 1
oxpressly '{uarimi.'il, bo' ini'i in cd by the im-
plied power growing out of military necessity? j
Certainly not to deprive him of just compensn- j
tion, wlvni it is taken for public use, because that j
enters into no sort of necessity. Not to take prop- j
eity that it: not ht and proper to answer the se~ 1
vere and extreme wants of ihe Army, as plate and :
a moufjand other articles; not to take more prop- i
erty than sS or letain it longer or make !
any other use ur application <>f it than what is !■
indispensably meusaary to relieve the pressing
wan13 of the Army. No military necessity, and
no a'nhomy which it for the relief of that !
necessity, can. exceed hraus. The matter |
is (his: military necessity is allowed to ordinate ■
enofgLj r>f irrcg.u?.r power to relieve ltsrlf, hy the j
leest P.-nciipbV njfi rige-nont of the rights ofih" !
citize:., and to take possession and use his prop-
erty ko n.ngas (he stress of the Army continues, ;
i.o \r>: i; i'ox which th* owner is entitled to J
just compenr,n(ion from the Goveinment.
The ru!" bid down and practiced, would '
observe the guarantees of property declared by the j j
Constitution, rhu for a military commander, in '
snch a case to the power, or attempt to ex- :!
tinguish the title, m- divest the property of the ij
owner, would he wholly unautHonzed. Where i;
the use nfany property consumes it, extinguish- j|
ment of till* would ensn^, not from any powcr^l
which he possessed over the title, but wholly
from his appropriate use of the thing. This
would be one of the features of necessity of such a
case. But it would strike everybody as absurd
to say that the military occupation "and use of
land would extinguish the title and divest the prop-
erty of the owner. It would be no less false to as-
sume such a position in relation to slaves. Slaves
may be impressed, not for the convenience of sol-
dieis or officers, but when there is a necessity in
the Army for their labor. To free them does not
enter into that necessity: it would not increase
their skill, or capacity, or willingness to labor;.if
it had any effect, it would dimmish the latter. But
whatever result in that respect, it would not ex-
tinguish the title and divest the property of the
owner, which the Constitution declares shall not
be done in any other mode than " by due course of
law." Another and equally potent objection is,
no military conimandei, nor the President, nor
the Congress, nor the entire Government of the
United States has the power, at any time, in any
state of case, or by any mode, to free a slave in a
State: that is an act of high legislative power,ap-
pertaining to the domestic institutions and gov-
ernment of the State, not delegated to the United
States, but reserved to fach State and its people.
Though militai y necessity may authorize the
removal of citizens from particular positions, it
would afford no warrant to a commander or the
Piesident to impress a single soldiei; for if they
could impiess one, they could a half million.
Congress alone can raise armies, or authorize the
recruitment and conscription of soldiers. Against
every other mode of beingiaken into the military
seivice of the United States, all citizens are pro-
tected by the constitutional guarantee of their per-
sonal liberty. When forts, cities, and important
places are beleaguered by an enemy, and there is
probable cause to believe that peisons are giving
information or other aid to that enemy, the com-
mander would be excusable to seize the suspected
persons, a nd hold them in temporal y confinement
until the danger for the time and the occasion, the
mihtaiy necessity, had passed, as General Jack-
son acted during the investment of New Orleans
by the English. But that is the ultima tkule of
military necessity.
Let us proceed to examine in more detail these
imperial edie.ts. And fust, that of 24th Septem-
ber, as it strikes so vitally at the safety and per-
soruilhberty of all the people of the United States.
What, in pro\ ision and tone, could be mor^e auto-
cratic than this:
"Fns-t. thru during Use exiting Insurrection, and as a
neco.-^aiy mca^ne loi cupprcvsuig the ^ainp, nil icbels and
insurgents, then aulet-. and abettois within the United
States, and all poisons diseoiiiagiiig volunteer enlistments,
ie*i-tinir mihttn y diait-j. oi guilty of any di-loyal ptactices,
affording nid and comfoit to the lebeis against the author-
ity of the United States,shall b'-suhjeetto maitiallaw,n.nd
liable to uiai and punishment by courts-martial or military
rr>Tnniission
What is maitial law which Air. Lincoln thus
proclaims and establishes throughout all the Uni-
ted Slates.' I-Jo does not indicate whether he pro-
mulges this edict as the inst executive officer of
the Government, or as Cotnmand<*r-m-Chicfof the
Aimy and Navy. John Q,uincy Adams said, in
a debate in the other House, that martial law was
the will of the mihtaiy commander, and sweptby
the board the Constitution and laws of the United
States, the constitution and laws of all the States,
and all othei hnvs that come within its i ange. Sir
Matthew Hale, Loid Loughborough, the Duke
of Wellington, and all the highest civil and mili-
tary authorities of England, say, " it is no iaw at
all; it is the substitution of the will of a mihtaiy
commandant for all law."
Eighty years ago, Lord Loughborough decided:
"Mama! law, cuch a-, u is described by Loui Haie, and
•=uoh al-o a* it i-> marked hy.Mt Justice Blackbtone, does
noi o\i-t in Enj'laud at all. Wh<'tc matt.al law is esiab-
h-h^d and prevail* in any ^ouutiv, it i? of a totally differ-
ent nature ironi that wmcb j* inaccurately called 'martial
lav." meieu becau-* the decision i> by a court martial, but
which be.iM no aflinity to that which \va« attempted to bs
e^cici^f-d in iht* kmadom, which wa* co'uraiv to thft eon-
Tinmon.aiui winch ha* been tor a century totally exploded.
Wh'-K maincil law ptevail.-the authouu under which it 13
exdcjvc.l claims- a junsdienon ovo nil mihtaiy persons
under all cireinn^tanee'5 Even then debts arc subjcct to
utqury by a military authoiitj ; evety specie*? of offense
committed by any person who appenam-« to the aimy is
tried, not by aetvil imhcatme, but bv tlie judicature oi the
icgiment or eoip* to winch he belong?, it extends, also, to
a gieat vat icty of cnsc& not i elating to the discipline of an
army in those States which subsist by military power.
Plots against the sovereign, intelligenee'to the enemy, aad
