534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
him who'has been made the instrument to pro-
pound and establish it, he would be the greatest
usurper of which history has made any record.
But neither the conception nor the ability to ex-
ecute it are his; it is the-monstrous production of
much abler and more vicious men, and in his
feebleness is the safety of his country, its Consti-
tution, and liberties. Far less of outrage upon
law and national freedom than he is striving to
inflict brought Charles 1 to the block, drove
James II from his throne and his country, wrest-
ed the diadem of Hugh Capet from the brow of
Charles X to place it upon Louis Philippe, and
drove the French people to snatch it from him,
and rend it to pieces. Our protection against such
encroachments and outrages is not in violence,
not in armed resistance, anarchy, and the disor-
ganization of Government and social oi*der;but
in the Constitution and the laws, and the remedies
which they give, in the learning, virtue, and
firmness of the courts, and in the power of the
people at the ballot-box and in national conven-
tions. I have no hopes^for my country when the
Union shall have been dissolved, or the Consti-
tution subverted. It has been demonstrated clear
as living light that Mr. Lincoln and his abolition
party are powerless to save either, but with blind
folly and mad radicalism are rushing to the de-
struction of both. The only power that can save
them is the assemblage of the people of the United j
States in sovereign convention, formal or in-
formal. Their power is the same in both.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no amendment
be offered, the question will be on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
on that, I desire to propose an amendment. In
the thirteenth line of the first section of the amend-
ment, after the word " petition," I move to insert
these words: " stating the facts, and veriiied by affi-
davit;" so that it will read, " file a petition stating
the facts, and veriiied by affidavit, for the removal
of the cause for trial," &c. I piopose to insert
those words for this reason: it would appear now
that on merely filing a petition it will be the right
of the party to have the cause removed. I think
he ought to state the cause for the removal, and
verify it by affidavit, as it is peremptory on the
court.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the commencement of
line seven, I move to insert the words, or any
act omitted to be done;1' so as to read: " or other
trespasses or wrongs done or committed, or' any
act omitted to be done." I suggest that, because
I understand that in some instances, perhaps,
clearances have been refused bythe revenue offi-
cers and others, which the law would require them
to give but for this rebellion, and it would be right
I think to include those cases.
The amendment to the amendinen t was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. In the eleventh line, by some
mistake, the word "suit" is inserted, when it
should be " appearance. "
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. HARRIS. In the third line, after the word
" prosecution," I move to insert the words " civil
or criminal."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very important
amendment, and I think we should consider be-
fore putting in those words. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the effect of that amend-
ment, which is to insert the words " civil or crim-
inal" after the word " prosecution. " The amend-
ment of the committee which we arc considering
provides for the transfer of suits, commenced !
against the officers of the Government who have j
acted under the authority of the President in mak- :
ing arrests and doing other things during this re- j
hellion, fiom the State courts in which they may
be commenced, into the United States courts, "I
think that may be done. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New York is to extend
this to criminal prosecutions. Now, let us take a i
case. Suppose that a postmaster in the State of :
Illinois, acting, as he contends, under the authority
of the Government, should get into a wrangle and j
kill a man, if you please; 1 put an extreme case ;
to test the principle which it is sought to incor- j
poraffe into this bill. That is an offense against j
the peace of the people of the State of Illinois; it !
is no offense against the United States. He is in- i
dieted by the grand jury of the proper county of
the State of Illinois for murder. He files his pe-
tition stating that he was acting under the color
of authority derived from the President of the
United States through the Postmaster General.
That case is thereupon transferred into the United
States court, and it is to proceed there in the same
manner as in the State court. When you get it
there, can the United States court administer the
law of the State of Illinois ? It is no offense against
any law of the United States for one man to kill
another in the State of Illinois, unless it be in the
military service; unless it be in a place where the
United States have jurisdiction, in some fort or
arsenal. Could the United States court go on with
the trial and convict him in case it should turn
out that he acted maliciously in the killing; and
if convicted, could it sentence him to be hung?
Who would have the pardoning power in such a
ease? Could the President pardon the offender?
I doubt whether this can be done. There is no
mode provided for administering the State laws
in the United States courts. This is diffeientfrom
the provision which exists now in the law; anefr I
wish the attention of Senators to this; for I think
it a very important matter. It is very different
from the provision which now exists in the law
for removing a case from the highest court in any
of the States where there is drawn in question a
right claimed under the Constitution of the United
States or any law of Congress, and the decision is
adverse to the right thus set up. In such a case
as that, a wiit of error lies to the Supreme Court
of the United States; but the whole case is not re-
moved to the Supreme Court of the United States.
It is only the question of law that is removed there,
and the case is rectified back to the State court.
Now, perhaps,aprovision could be made to trans-
fer this question of law or the right which the
parties set up under a law of Congress or the
authority of the President to the United States
court, and then to have it certified back in some
way, so as to have the law administered in the
State court; but it sg^ms to me there is no ma-
chinery for Ciii rymg on a prosecution of this kind.
Although the word " prosecution" is used here
in the amendment of the committee, as I thought
a little marlificially at the time, and though this
word is to be found m the law of 1H15, from which
the amendment is copied, yet the law of 1815 ex-
pressly provides that no case shall be taken into
the United States courts the punishment for which
is corporeal, where there is to be imprisonment.
The word " prosecution" here isa general term,
and may apply to actions that are not strictly
criminal,although I think the woid properly ap-
plies to criminal proceedings; ycttheieare pros-
ecutions for penalties in cases where the prosecu-
tion is not carried on by indictment.
i do not propose to take up time m arguing this
question; but I cannot with the views "that"! en-
tertain vote to insert the word " crimmaP'in this
amendment. While I am as willing to go as far
as 1 think we can safely and legally go to protect
the officers of the Government who, during this
great rebellion, have acted in good faith, and had
probable cause for their action in arresting parties,
and doing everything which they have done to
crush out the rebellion, I am not willing to adopt
a provision which, it seems to mc, cannot be sus-
tained m the courts.
Here I wiil say one word to my friend from
Kentucky, wIiomj elaborate, and, in many re-
spects, very able speech, we have listened to this
afternoon, and to much of the doctrine which he
has advanced I £ivo my ready assent. I will say
to him that this bill does not depend at all upon
the power of the President to suspend the wiitof
habeas corpus. Whether he has the powei or not,
this bill would be necessary; and it would be just
as necessary if he had the power to suspend it as
it would be if he had not; because the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus does not of itself just-
ify the arrest of anybody. All that that amounts
to is, that the party arrested cannot be discharged
from his imprisonment by virtue of the writ of
habeas corpus; but the man who arrests him may
be liable m damages just as much as if the writ of
habeas corpus was not suspended. When a man
is arrested in ordinary times, he may apply fur a
writ of habeas corpus; and if he can show that his
arrest is illegal and improper, he will be discharged;
but he does not recover damages in that proceed-
ing. Hg may then institute his suit for damages;
and that is a different matter entirely. So, if the
writ of habeas corpus was suspended by act of Con-
gress with the concurrence of the President, both
acting together, there would be the same necessity
for this act to protect the officers, in case, acting
from probable cause and in good faith, they had
wrongfully made arrests. Therefore this bill does
not depend on that question; but itgoes upon the
ground that we should protect these officers in the
present crisis against vexatious suits, when they
have been acting in good faith in the discharge of
what they believe to be a public duty. Having
called the attention of the Senate to the effect of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York, I shall say no more upon it at present.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, this power to
transfer a cause from a State court to the United
States courts, falls within the appellate jurisdic-
tion of the Federal courts, and since the Senator
from Illinois has been speaking on this question
my eye has rested on the language of Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, as quoted by Judge Story in his
Commentaiies on this question, and it presents
in a very few words an answer to his difficulty.
This is the language of Chief Justice Marshall:
'-This power of removal is not to be found m express
terms in any part of the Constitution ; if it bp given, it i<?
only given by implication,^ a power neces*.aiy and pioper
to cany into eli'ect some expre^ power. The power of re-
moval h certainly not, in strictness of language, an exer-
cise of original jurisdiction ; it pre*upposes an exercise of
ougmai jurisdiction to have attached elsewhere."
In the State courts.
"The existence of this power of removal is familiar in
courts, acting accoiding to the course of the common law,
in cuminal a-< well as in civil cases; and it is cxcrciscd
before, as well as after judgment."
That is precisely what is proposed here.
11 But this is always deemed, in both ease?, an exercise
of appellate, and not of original jut ndietion. if, then, the
right of removal be included in the appellate jurisdiction it
h only because it it; otic mode of exetcismg that power;
and a* Congtes* is not limited by the Constitution to any
paiticular mode, or time of exeicismg it, it may authorize
.i removal eithei befoie or after judgment."
And then, again, in the next paragraph, he
says:
J! " The lemedy, too, of lemoval of mius would be utterly
|J inadequate to the purposes of the Constitution, if it could
i j act oidj ori the paiiie^ and not upon the State couits. In re-
spect locinniiiai prosecution^, the difficulty seems admitted
ti> bo iiK'Uimomitable; and m i expect to civil suit's there
would, in many ca^o-*, be lights without corresponding
lemedien. If the State courts should deny the constitution-
ality ot the authority to remove suits fiom their cognizance,
in what manner could they be compelled to leluiqm-h the
jut whctiou ? In lespeet to criminal cases those would at
once be an end of all conliol,and the State decisions would
be paiamount to the Constitution."
I cannot argue the question half as well as it ia
argued in these extracts. It shows that it was
intended to embrace in the mode of exercising the
appellate jurisdiction of the Federal courts, crim-
inal as well as civil cases.
Mr. SUMNER. What case is that ?
Mr. HARRIS. It is a quotation from the case
of Humeri's. Martin, (1 Wheaton.)
Mr. COLLAMER. I alluded to that view of
it when I made my remarks on introducing the
I bill which gave rise to the present proceedings. I
laid down the principle which 1 supposed that
decision contained,as I understood it before,and
I followed not merely that principle in insisting
upon the constitutional right of this removal, but
I followed the precedent, to which I called atten-
tion at the time, and which f copied in the bill—
the act of 1815. The act of 1815 carries forward
under the removed, just according to the sugges-
tion of Chief Justice Marshall, criminal as well
as civil cases. That does so, and this is merely
copied after it. It is very easy to imagine cases,
but I will not now indulge my imagination in
conjuring up cases. The Chief Justice has pre-
sented the whole subject.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that even with-
out the words " civil or criminal," the insertion
of which is now moved by the Senator from New
York, a criminal case under the language already
adopted would be transferred.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is merely to make the
thing more certain.
Mr. SUMNER.. I was going to come to that
point. Theianguage, independently of the amend-
ment, is as follows: " that if any suit or prosecu-
tion has been or shall be commenced in any State
court"—" any suit or prosecutionthat is uni-
versally applicable to criminal as well as civil suits
or prosecutions. 1 do not know that the language
