1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
of the Senator from New York, when introduced,
really adds to its force; it, perliaps, does add to its
clearness; that is, it goes so far as to exclude all
possibility of doubt that this language is applicable
to criminal as well as to civil suits or prosecutions.
Mr. HARRIS. That was my object.
Mr. SUMNER. That, the Senator says, was
his object, and I think it is an object that would just-
ify the introduction of the words; but I make this
remark in order to call the attention of the Senator
from Illinois to the fact that he cannot accomplish
what seems to be his purpose without going still
further, and introducing language to limit the
words already here. Hemustadd something after
"suit or prosecution," to show that those words
are not applicable to a criminal suitor prosecution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The whole fiame ofthe bill
shows that it is adapted to civil and not criminal
cases.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me,
f cannot agree with him there. I do not see that
the whole frame of the bill is so adapted; and in-
deed if the bill wereso adapted, I should feel that
the bill was in many respects a failure. I think that
we ought to adapt it both to criminal and to civil
proceedings, and that unless wc do, the bill will be
a failure.
Mr. CLARK. I was stating an illustration of
the principle to the Senator from Vermont behind
me, and he requested me to state it to the Senate,
which I will now do. Take the case which hap-
pened in part in New Hampshire, where a writ of
habeas corpus was issued to bring up a person who
had been committed on the authority of the Sec-
retary of War; the case was brought before the
supreme court,and a motion was made for an at-
tachment against the marshal because he did not
produce the body of the offender. The marshal {
was directed by the Secretary of War, if any at-
tempt was made to take the prisoner out of his
hands, to call upon the military authorities. Now,
suppose that attempt had been made, and a hom-
icide had been committed by the marshal in re-
sisting it, whatsort of fair trial could the marshal
have had in the State court, where theauthorities
of the State were arrayed on one side and the Um- !
ted States on the other? It would be a matter of !
necessity, almost, to have taken him out of the i
hands of the State authorities to give him a trial.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the amendment ofthe
Senator from New York will not prevail. It 1ms
been decided by the Supreme Court that no juris-
diction over crimes against the United States has
been delegated to the State courts; and, by parity
of leasoning, it would certainly be held by any
enlightened court that crimes committed against
the States cannot be transferred to the jurisdiction
of the United States courts. The scope and object
of this bill is to prevent those who have been in-
jured in their persons and their property from hav-
ing redress in the courts. It is astonishing to me
th at so distinguished a Senator as the Senator from
Vermont should ever have produced such a bill.
Alfred the Great has received more approval and
won more distinction for having brought justice
to the doors of every Englishman, than for fight- !
jng a hundred pitched battles. But here, sir, wc !
find the Senate of the United States engaged, by |
its legislation, m preventing those who have been i
injured by the minions of power from having re- 1
dress in the courts of justice: and it is now pro- j
posed to insert a clause that criminals who have |
violated the criminal laws of the country shall j
have their cases transferred to the courts of the !
United Stutes. Sir, suppose you do it; you try j
a man in the Federal court, you convict him. I j
ask you, if he is tried for an infraction of the !
criminal laws of a State, has the President of the .
United States any power to pardon him ? None, j
The Governors of the States alone have the right |
to pardon for criminal offenses against the crim- j
inal codes of the States. The amendment of the i
Senator, in my judgment, is clearly unconstitu- I
tional, as I think will appear by referring to the j
decision of the court to which I have alluded. I :
wish I had the decision m my hand; I have not |
got it, and I hope this bill will be postponed until
to-morrow, that I may have it. I do not believe
that, under the Constitution, you can confer on
the Federal courts such jurisdiction as is indi-
cated by this bill. I will read the clause of the
Constitution:
u The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law
and equity, aiising under this Constitution, the laws of
the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be
made, under their authority; to all cases affecting embas-
sadors, othci public ministers, and consuls; to all cases of
admiralty and maritime Hirhdiction; to controversies to
which the United States >JiaH be a party; to controversies
between two or more States ; between a State and citizens
of another State; between eitizoiH-of different States; be-
tween eiuzerw of the same State claiming lands under
grants of diileicnt States; and between a State, or the citi-
zens theieof, and foreign States, citizens, or subjeeU."
Now, sir, upon what portion of the clause of
the Constitution that I have read do Senators base
the authority to pass this bill? The parties who
bring these suits do not bring them because the
cause of action arose under the Constitution, or
any laws of the United States made in pursuance
thereof. Thej claim that those who infracted
their rights in this respect acted without authority
of law; that the Constitution and the laws were
overthrown; that these acts were done without
authority of the Constitution or any law made in
pursuance thereof. That is the gravamen of the
charge against those persons that have been and
will bo arraigned for these usurpations. You can-
not base it upon that clause of the Constitution
which allows a suit to be brought in the United
States courts by the citizen of one State against
the citizen of another State; because in a majority
ofthe cases the panics are probably citizens of the
same State.
Mi. Piesident, under the power given to the
United States courts under the Constitution, I hold
that this bill in its provisions is in violation of the
Constitution intotn. Then the objects of the bill
are monstrous; they are shocking, it is proposed
virtually to close the courts of justice against those
who have been injured by the Presidentand those
in authority, when they were acting in violation
of the Constitution and laws of their country. It
should be the duty of every enlightened legislature
to give to the citizen the right to prosecute all those
who injure lus rights, in the speediest possible
manner; to bring justice to his very doors instead
of taking it from him. You by this kind of le-
gislation attempt virtually to prevent persons from
prosecuting their suits. Many hundreds, if not
thousands,of those who have been thus injured in
their estates and in their peisons, and have had
their liberties stricken from them, are poor men.
They have not the money and the means to go
to the capital of one of your States, in some cases
several hundred miles from their homes, to pros-
ecute a suit, though they could do it in their own
State courts and m their counties where the thing
occurred. If you close the courts, I can tell gen-
tlemen what will be the lesult. Those who have
been injured, instead of appealing to the laws of
the land to vindicate themselves and to redress
their wrongs, will appeal to the bowie knife and
to the pistol. That will be the consequence. The
whole thing is a palpable efFui t to prevent citizens
who have been injured by those in authority from
appealing to thogcourts for redress. That is the
whole object of it.
Then, Mr. President, there is hciea limitation
of two years, and that will prevent persons bring-
ing suits to obtain rediess for the illegal acts of
those who acted, or pretended to act, under the
authority of the Piesident, after this Admims-
tiation shall close; and is it not known to every
Senator here, that in many of the States those in
power absolutely refuse to allow process to be ex-
ecuted > Certainly it is. We know that in many
localities the military refuse to allow the process
of the courts to be executed. Wc know further
that these satraps of power have gone into the
State courts, and have dragged from the very
bench the circuit judges, where they were holding
their courts, and'brought them here and lodged
them m this Capitol prison, and kept them there
for months; and you desire to make this two years'
limitation, so as notto allow those persons to bring
suits after this wicked Administration shall have
gone out of power; and while they are in power,
they use the military for the purpose of suppress-
ing the free action of the courts.
Senators, allow me to tell you that the public
will visit this act, if it should pass, with the harsh-
est condemnation. A free and virtuous and up-
right people cannot visit it otherwise than with
the harshest censuic and the deepest condemna-
tion. To limit the bringing of these actions to
two years, and to drive out of the State couits the
hundreds, and perhaps thousands, of poor men
who are hardly able to pay a lawyer in the coun-
ties where they have been wronged, and to compel
them tp go to the United States courts, is an utter
denial of justice in many cases. The bill limits
the bringing of suits to the term of this Adminis-
tration. Why,sir. you will have more cases such
as that of Judge Duff, of Illinois, who was dragged
from the bench where he was administering the
law, as I am advised, and brought here to the Old
Capitol prison, and there kept for weeks upon
weeks, and finally turned out without a trial.
I hope that notonly the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York will fail, but that the whola
amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary
will be rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President,I haveoften
listened to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky; I have heard him make prob-
ably a hundred speeches on this floor; and the
whole burden of them for the last two years has
been denunciation of the Administration and all
the acts of the Administration which is struggling
to preserve the Government and the Constitution
under which we live. 1 have never heard him
utter one word in condemnation of the men—his
late associates—who are dripping all over with the
blood of our fellow-citizens, and whose souls are
stained with the corruption of perjury and treason.
Not one word of condemnation of them comes
from that Senator; but day after day, time after
time, in this Senate, he is continually denouncing
the President of the United States and aspersing
his motives in his administration of affairs. Sir,
during the present Administration the President
of the United States bears upon his shoulders a re-
sponsibility which was never borne by any public
man in the United States since the days of Wash-
ington, and that responsibility has been borne
with a single purpose to protect the Constitution
under which we live, and to keep the oath which
he has taken to defend and preserve it.
As to this mooted question, there is a difference
of opinion whether the President of the United
States, under the Constitution, has the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpust or whether it
belongs to Congress. In case of war 1 have heard
it maintained by gentlemen of great legal acumen
that it belongs to all three of the departments of
the Government to suspend the writ whenever it
may be necessary to preserve the public welfare;
so that it may be suspended by the President, or
the courts may refuse to grant it, or Congress it-
self by legislation may exercise the power. If this
be so, alf the three departments of the Govern-
ment, are clothed with this power when, in the
midst of war, the very life of the Government is
at stake. The President of the United States,
(and a more honest or a more patriotic man does
not live,) believing that, under the Constitution of
the United States, he is acting by virtue of the
authority which that instrument gives him, has
made these military arrests, and has confined these
persons in prison.
Mr. President, I have listened to the Senator
from Kentucky and to some other Senators while
reiterating their denunciations of the Administra-
tion. It seemed to me that their sole purpose was
to break down the Administration. The Senator
from Kentucky denounces this as a wicked Ad-
ministration. Wicked in what? Wicked for
what* fs it wicked in undertaking to preserve
the Government and to maintain the Constitution;
wicked in Us purposes and wicked in Us acts?
No, sir. Though it may have happened that the
President on some occasions has tianscendcd his
technical authority under the Constitution, if it
was done with patriotic motives while he is in this
death struggle to preserve the Government, should
the Senator from Kentucky assail him with the
language of denunciation } Should he not rather
give to the President and to the Administration
his sympathy and his support? Sir, who does
not know that the capture of this Capitol where
we now sit, has for two years on different occa-
sions been threatened by the military forces of the
rebels? Who does not know that there have been
times when, almost within cannon shot of this
capital, the rebels against whom that Senator
never uttered one word, were in martial array,
breathing slaughter and destruction against this
Government; and not one word ot denunciation
of them have we heard from him; but because some
men who have been suspected of being in sym-
pathy with the traitors; some men who are sup-
posed to be furnishing them with information, giv-
ing them aid and comfort, strengthening tha hands
