1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
warrant of law, it is robbery. The President has
no more right to command another to take your
property than I have. All that he can do is to
obey the law. He has no more power to take your
property, without lawful warrant, than I have.
J3e has no lawful power to seize it at all.
• 1 shall not discuss that.section any further; for
if Senators will look at it closely, I verily believe
that those who proposed it will be ashamed of it,
and in all after time they will pray God that the
Journal which records their vote for it may be
blotted out. I know that Senators here are men
of intelligence. Their zeal for the suppression
of the rebellion has overleaped their judgment.
When their passions, which have carried their
judgments captive, shall have abated, they will
regret these things. They will be willing here-
after to repent in sackcloth and ashes, if they could
by that means blot out the record they are mak-
ing. Senators, I want to rescue you from this
awful gulf into which you are about to fall. I do
not want you to pass this bill; because if you do,
it will stand in all after time as a monument against
you. I do not want the Senate of the United
States to commit the great folly, the great wrong
to the people, the great assault upon the Consti-
tution of my country, which will be perpetrated
by the passage of this bill. I do not wish you
to strike this deadly blow at the liberty of the cit-
izen. I entreat you to pause. You will regret
the passage of this bill. I know that gentlemen
of your intelligence, when your judgments are
dismthrallcd from passion and prejudice, will
deeply regret ever having advocated the passage
of a bill that strikes such a deadly and fatal blow
at the rights and liberties of an injured and out-
raged people.
Senators, let us look at another section of this
bill. The fifth section virtually closes all of the
State courts against the citizens who have been
deprived of their liberty or of their property. Is
that right? It has been the declaration of wise
lawgivers since the days of King Alfred, that
justice should be brought to every man's door.
The great Alfred won more reputation for the
system of courts lie established, bringing justice,
it is said, to the door of every Englishman, than
he did by fighting a hundred pitched battles.
Are you acting upon that wise policy? No, sir.
Our system has been copied from that of the great
English lawgiver. We have brought justice to
every man's door. Our States are divided into
counties, our counties into townships or districts,
and there we have our circuit courts and subordi-
nate courts and county courts,and others in those
local districts, with the right of appeal to higher
tribunals. All these things we have done. "We
copied them from England. We arc but the copy-
ists from our English ancestors.
Mr. COWAN. My learned friend will allow
me to ask him whether there has not been in Eng-
lish history any period when there wm infinitely
greater violations of the English constitution than
he alleges are now committed upon ours; and
whether the English constitution and the English
kingdom have not survived them all, and to-day
are in a more flourishing condition than they ever
were before?
Mr.POWELL. I willanswermylcarnedfriend
with great pleasure. I know the English consti-
tution has often been violated. I know it was
done in the person of John llampden, and I know
it caused a revolution. 1 know it wan violated by
the first Charles; and for that violation that king
lost his head,
Mr. COWAN. Where was it during the wars
of the Roses?
_Mr. POWELL. There was a great deal of
violence and disturbance during those wars, and
hundreds of innocent people were killed. Patriots
suffered. I know that in that country those who
violated the law, those rulers and executives who
overthrew the constitution, have suffered in more
cases than one. The first Charles lost his head
for a less violation of the constitution of his coun-
try than Abraham Lincoln has committed upon
ours. The second James was hurled from his
throne and made a wanderer and an exile for not
a tithe of the oHendings against the British consti-
tution that the present Executive has committed
against ours. I know that in earlier times the
people submitted; they were coerced to submit;
but the histoi y of that people is full of instances
of resistant''-. They survived these usurpations
and violations; but they cut the heads from the
bodies of tyrants. King John undertook to do
these things. The barons laid their mailed hands
upon the royal scoundrel, and they made him sign
the Great Charter.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to ask my learned friend
another question. Does* he suppose that the bar-
ons of England would have attempted to wrest
the Magna Charta from John if the realm had
been at war at the same time, and their services
had been demanded upon the battle-field rather
than in the meadow of Runnymede? Would they
not have fought the battle of their country first and
wrested the Magna Chartahom John afterwards?
Mr. POWELL. I do not think they could
have better fought the battle of the country than
by wresting their liberties from that king and hav-
ing them incorporated in that Great Charter. It
was the best battle for English liberty that was
ever fought.
But, Senators, there is one clause in the fifth
section of this bill which takes away the rights of
tiie people to sue in their own State courts. It
takes them to the Federal courts, and authorizes
the removal of their suits after they have been
commenced. That is wrong. The sole object is
to prevent those who have violated the laws of
the country from being mulcted in damages by
the people whom they have wronged. There is
one clause in this section which I think is clearly
unconstitutional. I think the whole section is
unconstitutional, in fact. But there is one clause
which runs foul of the letter of the Constitution,
in my judgment; and I will read that part of the
section:
And such copies being filed as aforesaid in Mich court of
the (Jmted States, the cause shall proceed therein in the
•same manner as if it had boon btought in *aid court by oii-
 inal process, whatever may be the amount in dispute or
the damages claimed, or whatever the citizens-hip of the
parlies, any formei law to the contiary notwithstanding.
"Whatever the citizenship of the parties."
That cleaily authorizes the citizens of one State
to sue a citizen of the same State in the Federal
court. la that the Constitution of your country?
I will read the first clause of the second section of
the third article of the Constitution:
" The judicial power shall extend to all eases in Jaw and
equity arising under this Constitution, the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, un-
der their authority ;jo all cases allVftiny embas-adois, other
public minister;*, and consuls; to all case** of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to which the Uni
ted States shall bo a patty; to contioveMC* between two
or more States ; between n State and cili/.cns ol another
State; between citizens of different States; between citi-
zens oi the same state claiming lands under grant.-- of dif-
leretit States; and between a State, or the, citizens thereof,
and foreign State*,citizens, or subjects "
There is no clause in the Constitution author-
izing a citizen of one State to sue a citizen of that
State in the Federal comt, except where there is
a conttovoray about laud claimed under giants of
different States. That is the Constitution; yet in
this bill you have a clause declaring that they may
bring their suits there without regard to citizen-
ship. That clause of the section is clearly and
unmistakably in violation of the clause of the
Constitution which I have read.
Mr. President, 1 have said as much on this bill
as I intended to say. I will give way to my friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who would like to
addrcst* the Senate. Ho is indisposed, and I do
not suppose he would desire to speak at this late
hour of the night. I will therefore move an ad-
journment, in order that the Senator from Dela-
ware may enlighten the Senate on this very ab-
stiuse bill to-morrow morning.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that motion will not
prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The motion is not debatable.
Mr. POWELL. I have concluded my speech,
and move to adjourn in order that the Senator from
Delaware may have an opportunity to speak to-
rn on ow.
The question being put, there were, onadivis-
ion—ayes 4, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr.CIlANDLER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 4, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Mes.ir-1. ttavaid, Powell, SauJ.sburv. and Wail
—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harding, Harlan, Hicks, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of
Cndmna, Lane of Kansas, Latham. Moirill, Nesuuth, Pon -
eroy,Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson of Massachusetts—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if 1 appreci-
ated rightly the remarks of the honorableSenator
from Pennsylvania, I confess that I dissent from
them altogether. I mean in reference to what he
calls unanimity. I understand him to contend
that whenever the country is involved in war it
becomes the duty of every good citizen to unite,
as he calls it, for the purpose of sustaining the
existing Administration in the prosecution of that
war, whether he believes it is destructive of the
best interests of his country, that it is founded in
wrong, or that it is prosecuted in modes which
are abhorrent to humanity, and violative, in his
judgment, of all sense of justice or not. His doc-
trine went to that extent, if I understood it rightly.
In other words, it came to this: that let an Adminis-
tration involve the country in war, and it becomes
the duty of every man to support that Administra-
tion in all its acts. Whether they in their effect
would break down the Constitution of the country
and subvert Us liberties, whether in effect they
would destroy its prosperity during the prosecu-
tion of a war, it is wrong, it is improper to seek to
influence public opinion in order to correct the state
of things which, in your judgment, is detrimental
to the best interests of the country. Sir, I cannot
accede to that doctrine. I understand perfectly
the full force, as I believe, rightfully understood,
of the maxim, " our country right or wrong." I
admit, unhesitatingly, that when the country is at
war every man in the country must be considered
and must consider himself as an enemy of the
enemy of the country; but it does not follow that
therefore he may not consider that the war ought
to cease. During every war we have had there
have been opponents of the war.
I know it is a very common remark for men to
say they will be in favor of the next war, because
it is popular. As I never grounded my own action
upon the mere question of popularity, I cannot
assent to the principle that mere success in obtain-
ing popular applause ought to govern the conduct
of a man of reflection and reason. What I believe
to be right I shall advocate, and I shall advocate
it with my confidence in a republican Govern-
ment and in the people of the United States, that
if I am right, though their opinions may be op-
posed to me, they will in the end support me.
The question of temporary triumph is of no mo-
ment. To act on any other principle is but the
substitution of the demagogue for the statesman;
and I may be allowed the remark that the dema-
gogue of the republicand the courtier of the mon-
arch are one and the same being. Both endeavor
to propitiate by flattery the sovereign power. The
mode of flattery may be different; but the object
is one and the same. Itis the worship of power.
I know that the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania does not fall within any description of
that kind. Few more independent men exist in
this country than that honorable Senator. Such
a motive does not influence him; and yet his doc-
trine goes to thatextent,as I understand it, when
you take its whole scope and effect—that it is your
duty to follow out the views uf an existing Ad-
ministiation, who may have been elected by, if
you please, a majority of the people, and who may
be at the time sustained by the sentiment of a
majority of the people; that itis your duty not to
attempt to correct the state of sentiment which
you believe to be wrong, but to blindly and im-
plicitly follow that sentiment and support it. Sir,
that is not my judgment of the principle which
can ever add to the permanency of a republic. I
think it is free discussion. I think it is the capa-
city of man to change his opinions. I think it ia
founded on not only the right but the dutyofevcry
man, if he believes the course of measures which
are taken, whether they relate to war or peace,
to he erroneous, to advocate what he believes to
be right before his country.
Why, sir, if you carry out that doctrine, that you
must have unanimity whenever war exists, the re-
sult is that any Administration has but to involve
the country in war in order to perpetuate its power.
You cannot oppose it during the existence of war
under such a doctrine, because to oppose it is to
weaken the force of the Government. Such would
be the argument. You must, therefore, continue
theexisting incumbent in power, or otherwise you
are weakening the country in a state of war. I
