536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. January 27,
of those bloody men, have been arrested, confined,
and imprisoned, we hear nothing but denuncia-
tion from the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. President, I have long- listened to these de-
nunciations, and forborne to make any reply, and
1 allude to them now only because I fear that if
no reply be made, it may tend to destroy the con-
fidence of the people in the integrity in the head
of the Administration, and thus weaken the
power of the Government to put down the rebel-
lion.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin seems to be terribly shocked that
I should in my place utter a word in denunciation
of those who have, in my judgment, attempted
to overthrow the Constitution of my country; and
he enters the usual complaint against me, that I
have not denounced the rebels. Allow me to tell
that Senator that I expressly disapproved on this
ffoorof what those rebels had done, and that when
they were here piesent. I said in my place that
I thought they did wrong;. U is not my habit to
denounce men who are absent. 1 am dealing now
■with the Executive of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. Is he present?
Mr. POWELL. Pie is present in the capital;
he is here in this city, and he has friends in this
Chamber; I am not, therefore, like some Senators
who very vindictively denounce gentlemen who
are now in rebellion, which they never dared to
do when those gentlemen were present as Sena-
tors, and occupied seats on this floor.
Butthe honorable Senator from Wisconsin says
that the President has conducted his administra-
tion with asingieview to sustain the Constitution
and to observe his oath. 1 ask that Senator if, un-
der the Constitution, the President has any power
to add men to the regular Army or to the Navy
of the United States? Is not that power expressly
delegated to Congress by the Constitution? Yet
the President has done both of these things; and
the Senator says his sole object is to preserve the
Constitution ! I ask that Senator if the citizens of
this country are not cruamntied (he freedom of
speech, and is not the liberty of the pi ess secured
by the Constitution ? The President has bioken
down both the freedom of speech and the liberty
of the press. I could give you instance after in-
stance where the Constitution has been palpably
violated and overthrown by him.
I ask the honorable Senator where in the Con-
stitution has the President power to declare that
certain persons not engaged in the Army or Navy,
shall be tried by court-martial and military com-
missions, as he did by an edict of the 24th of Sep-
tember last15 The Constitution of your countiy
says they shall be tried by a court and jury. I
ask the honorable Senator where the President
gets the power to issue histdict declaring the slaves
in ten States free, when that vei y President in his
inaugural address said that under the Constitu-
tion he neither had the inclination nor the power
to do it.
I will not trouble the Senate further with in-
stances,of which the list is toolong. Almostcvery
vital pat t of the Constitution 1ms been cloven down.
I ask tiie Senator where the President gets the au-
thority to make an arrest of a citizen. The Sen-
ator from Illinois well said a few moments ago,
that the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus did
not give the Presidentor his ministers that power;
and yet the President has been daily doing these
things, through his Cabiuetimmsters and through
the military. Yes, sir, the distinguished Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. W\ll] is a monument
of the wickedness of the Administration in that
respect; and yet the honorable Senator says the
President's sole desire is to preserve the Consti-
tution and observe his oath !
Sir, it the President's object is to preserve and
defend the Constitution, he has exhibited a most
singular mode of doing it, for he has assailed it
in every vital point; and for that I have arraigned
him, as it is my duty to do; and for thus ar-
raigning him 1 am denounced by Senators on the
othersidc. They say they are tired of such things.
I shall, nevertheless, whenever I think it my duty
to do so, denounce those who infract the funda-
mental law of the land.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator a
question, i understand the Senator from Ken-
tucky to say that he has arraigned, and will in
future arraign the President for violating the Con-
stitution. j desire to ask if it is the province of
the Senator to arraign either (he President or any
other high officer for a misdemeanor, or for a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States?
Does not that prerogative belong to the other
branch of Congress? The Senator has been swoi n
in such a case to act as a judge, and is he not now
by his speech prejudging the case? Would he,
therefore, be in a fit condition to act as an impar-
tial Senator in a judicial capacity, when this ar-
raignment shall be made under the Constitution,
as provided by that instrument?
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I will answer
the Senator's question. I think T have the right
to arraign the President and all others in author-
ity who violate the Constitution of my country.
1 do that m my place as a Senator, and not in the
capacity of a judge, however.
Mr. HARLAN. I respectfully ask the Sena-
tor to read that clause of the Constitution which
gives to him, as a Senator, the right to arraign
these hisrh public functionaries.
Mr. POWELL. I have the right,sir, to doso
in my capacity as a Senator of a free and sover-
eign State. I am under oath. I am to sustain the
Constitution; and it is my duty, my sworn du'y,
to assail all who infiact that Constitution. But
the Senator says I may be a judge of the Pres-
ident. Sir, we shall never have such good luck.
I have said in my place here, and I behove it con-
scientiously to-d<ay, that the President ought to
be mrai^ned befoie this Senate on articles of im-
peachment foran overthrow ofthe Constitution of
hiseountiy; but I do not expect any such thin^,
but because I should be, by the law, constituted
one of his judges, the Senator forsooth asks me
why I should denounce unconstitutional action
lie:e ! It is my duty to do it; it is the Senator's
duty to do if, and 1 think I have hcaid the Sena-
tor denounce unconstitutional action and laws. I
am not the only one hero who denounces the Ex-
c< utivc. I confess that on the other side of the
Chamber they seem to regard him very highly;
and, personally, I have no unkind feelings to-
wards the President,and personally I hopeai ways
to speak of him as becomes the high position
he fills. I treat alone with the President's public
acts, as they aie brought before me for consid-
eration.
Here is a bill framed for the express purpose of
preventing the citizens of this Union fiom having
rediess for wrongs iniheted on them, by the Pres-
ident and his minions, and it is my duty, in de-
fense of the people, to come to the rescuc to pre-
vent this obnoxious bill fiom becoming a law.
It is my duty to do that; and, believing what I
do, I should be recreant if I did not do it. And
let me say to Senators, I will not be deterred from
discharging m y duty here by intimations, tin eats,
or denunciations. 1 have heretofore borne them,
and I am still prepared to bear them. I will be
true ami loval to the Constitution of my coun-
tiy, and I will assail those whom I think attempt
to overthiow it. Who is it tiiat is asking for the
passage of this law? It is the friends ofthe Ad-
ministration. They do it for the purpose—and
no gentleman can fail to see that that is the solo
object—of preventing citizens, who have been out-
raged in their persons, ptoperty, and liberties,
fiom having their actions in the courts for redress.
It is to hinder an appeal to justice. We should
shape our legislation so as to facilitate every citi-
zen m seeking lediess in the courts. That is the
way t" have Juw-nhiding citizens. Teach them
that th -*y must appeal to the courts to redress
their wrongs, and nut to force. If you pass this
bill, the tendency will be to incline men to appeal
to force instead of to the courts. Sir, I legietiiav-
detained the Senate so !on«\
Air. COLLAMEU. Mr President, I shall
make one preliminary remark; and that is, that
we have but a short time remaining of the session.
I have east over in my mind about how much time
could fairly belong to each Senator during the rest
of the session, how much would be each man's
fair part-, and if we take out our Sabbaths and our
Saturdays, and allow the ordinary one hour for
morning business, it would leave a little less than
two hours to each Senator for the whole session.
1 shall consider, if 1 take, during the whole of tins
session, more than two bonis, that I have stolen
some other man's time. [Laughter.] I shall,
therefore, not occupy any more time on that point.
In relation to the Senator who last addressed
the Senate, I have made no remarks respecting his
manner of addressing the Senate, or the subject
on which he has spoken. We differ widely on
one great point. The honorable Senator is of
opinion,and hasexpressed ltoften here, that there
ought not to beany violence and coercion inputting
down this rebellion. We think otherwise. There
is nothing new in his view. I believe the last
President discovered that no State had the right
to secede, and that nobody had any right to pre-
vent it if it attempted to do so. That looked a
little original; but after all there was nothing ori-
ginal in that; for if any man will turn to constable
Dogberry's instructions to the watch, he will find
that it was known at as early a period as that.
He said to them, u You slndl comprehend all va-
grom men; you are to bid aoy man stand in the
prince's name." " How if he will not stand?"
" Why then take no note of him, but let him go;
and presently, call the lest of the watch together
and thank God you are rid of a knave." [Laugh-
ter.] Verges says, If he will not stand when
he is bidden, he is none of the prince's subjects."
" Ti ae," replied Dogberry,and they are to med-
dle with none but the prince's subjects. " [Laugh-
ter.] So with those people, if they will not abide
within your Constitution, they are not your sub-
jects, and you have nothing to do with ihem.
[Laughter.] And for the ongmality of this idea
Dogberry has the prior claim.
We think that a villain (night to be arrested;
that a thief should be arrested, and ail breakers
ofthe law; and especially that that law in which
the vital existcnco of I he Govern merit is involved
should be enforced. Obedience must be enforced,
or there is an end of the Government. We can-
not expect in so great an undertaking as the sup-
pression of this rebellion that the work will be
conducted in the most delicate and careful and
courteous manner. The gentleman seems to think
that though a man may desire to save the drown-
ing honor of his country, he must not presume
upon the guilty familiarity of pulling it up by the
locks. I think he should; but i shall make no
fuither remark on that point.
This bi'1 the Senator seems to think is a perfect
outrage upon all men's rights. I do not want to
argue it, but there is a precedent for it. The case
occurred in the days of Air. Madison. Chief Jus-
tice Marshall says, in relation to these questions
over which the United States courts have jurisdic-
tion—that is, questions arising on the construc-
tion of the Constitution and the United States
laws—that by statute made for that purpose they
may be removed into the courts of the United
States for their decision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A Democratic precedent.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it has any particular
sanctity from the period of the Government in
which it took place, it was in the very best days
of the Democracy. The Senator says a man is
prosecuted in the State courts, and you carry the
case into the United States courts, when there has
been a bleach of the State law, or anything of
that kind. The question that arises, and the only
question that can be carried there, is whether he
acted under the direction ofthe Executive of the
United States, or, as I propose to insert here, m
pursuance of a United States law. Now, who
shall decide whether the man was within the ac-
tion of the United States Constitution and law3?
If that provision ofthe Constitution which gives
jurisdiction to the courts of the United States to
(iecide-those questions has any forcc in it, they
are the proper tribunal; and the bill is diawn with
a view to carry those questions there; and it is
drawn, I say again, in pursuance of the precedent
which occurred in our best days. Gentlemen who
really think that this Government should be pre-
served ogainst violence, by the use of govei omental
force, I take it, will assist us to perfect and carry
through this bill. I do not expect that those who
believe that the man who " will not stand in the
prince's name" ought to be permitted to go his
way, however much he breaks the law, will do
anything to assist in passing laws to preserve the
Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to pro-
long this discussion; but since the Senator from
New Yoik made his remarks, and called attention
to the case of Martin vs. Hunter's lessee, 1 have
hastily run over the case at my desk heie, and I
find it does not establish the principle which per-
haps might be inferred from what was read by the
Senator, from Story. The question that arose in
