1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mfi
hold to no such doctrine. I believe that the right
to oppose an Administration in war is precisely
the same as in peace; and that it has nothing; to
do, it has no relation to the question of loyalty
and fidelity to one's country, that he should en-
deavor to bring the public sense right upon a ques-
tion which vitally concerns them, as the continu-
ance of war does.
But, Mr. President, these remarks have but
little relation to the subject under consideration.
They have been drawn from mc by what I under-
stood to be the scope of the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania; because I have
great and sincere respect for his opinions, arid I
confess that the extent they seemed to go in the
spoken language entirely surprised me. I shall
now turn to this bill for the purpose of stating the
objections which arise in my mind to its adoption.
I do not mean to argue the entire question, or,
indeed, any portion of the question relating: to
where the power is vested to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. I have no doubt, thoitgh I was not
present, that it was well and ably done by the
nonorable Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Wall;]
but unless my knowledge of law has in some way
become obscured, or was originally imperfect, it
does surprise me to hear many opinions which I
have heard expressed in this Chamber in reference
to the language of the Federal Constitution in a
variety of its provisions.
This bill as reported from the committee of con-
ference professes to delegate to the President of
the United States the right to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus in any case through-
out the United States or any part thereof during
the present rebellion, if the public safety, in his
judgment,requires it. I made the objection on a
former occasion, and I have no shadow of doubt
that that objection will be legally sustained before
any court of decent respectability before which it
comes, that if the power to suspend the writ is in
Congress and in Congress alone, founded on their
judgment that the public safety requires it, they
must suspend it founded on that judgment, and
they cannot delegate the exercise of the discretion
to any other person whatever. They might just
as well delegate the exercise of that legislative
function to a Secretary of the Treasury or a Sec-
retary of State as to the President of the United
States. The privilege ofthe writ of habeas corpus
is secured by the Constitution,except in the case
of rebellion or invasion. If the power of Con-
gress exists in those cases, if the public safety re-
quires it, and not otherwise, you authorize the
suspension of that privilege. That is the original
provision of the Constitution. Is it not the high-
est act of legislative discretion to determine the
question of whether the public safety does require
it? You must not only have the fact of invasion
existing, or of rebellion existing, or of insurrec-
tion existing, but you must have the judgmentof
the body which is authorized to act that the pub-
lic safety requires that this great guard for the lib-
erty of the citizen against the aggressions of power
ought to be suspended.
Mr. President, what becomes of legislation if
this is not the principle ? A judge of a court would
have as m,uch right to delegate the discretion to
an administrative officer, the clerk of the court, to
pronounce a judgment for him, founded on his
own opinion, as the Congress of the United States,
if the power is vested in them to suspend the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus, would have the
right to delegate to the President the power to
judge of whether the public safety required that
it should be suspended.
The proposition, it seems to me, ought to be so
familiar to every lawyer that it is to me a world's
wonder that it should even be doubted. There
have been a variety of cases in this country quite
analogous, and in my own State it went even to
this extreme case: when the delegation of legis-
lative power founded as an act of discretion or
judgment was delegated to the people, the courts
decided that it was a misperformance of their duty;
thatunder the constitution ofthe Stateit was theii
duty to decide on all questions in which their le-
gislative discretion was involved; and that they
could not delegate that power even to the people
at large; they might desire their approval, but they
could not delegate their functions to the people at
targe, for that was Lhe destruction of the whole
basis of representative government and of a rep-
resentative authority.
The non-capacity to delegate is the same in the
one case as the other. The evil was as nothing
in that case compared to the act of the Congress
of the United States when it delegates to the ex-
ecutive head of the Government powers which
alone can be exercised by the legislative author-
ity; bccause it is an abandonment of duty; it is
in fact a conversion of the system of a representa-
tive Republic, composed of three distinct, coordi-
nate branches of the Government, executive, le-
gislative, and judicial, into the mere despotism of
a single man. It matters not that he may not ex-
ercise that discretion erroneously; you have no
guard against human fallibility; anu the moment
you concentrate all power in the Executive you
abandon your form of Government. The whole
basis, the whole structure of your Government is
founded upon the subdivision of power. Why
is it that you have two Houses of Congress ? A
measure may pass one House, and yet it cannot
become a law or be binding on the country unless
it passes the other. Why not have a single as-
sembly? It would be a great deal better to have
one single assembly than that both assemblies
should join in delegating rightful legislative au-
thority to the executive head of the country, who,
if he has the power to legislate, has also the power
to carry his legislation into execution; because the
Government in that case becomes a mere despot-
ism, the Government of the will of a single man.
If there were no other objection to this bill, if
Congress possesses, as I cannot entertain a doubt
that it does, the sole power to suspend the priv-
ilege of that writ, it has no right to yield that
power, that discretion which determines its judg-
ment of whether the public safety requires that
the writ shall be suspended, to the decision of
the executive department, or of any oilier depart-
ment whatever.
But, sir, apart from this, there is anotherques-
tion that arises. The writ of habeas corpus is but
the remedy for the protection of the personal lib-
erty of the citizen. The privilege of the writ,
except in cases of icbelhon or invasion, was se-
cured by the Constitution as originally framed;
but the States of this Union, or the people of the
States, were not satisfied to adopt the Constitu-
tion without further safeguards for the individual
liberties of the citizen; and though they did not
make it a condition, except in a single State, of
their sanction and adoption of the Constitution,
yet the public sentiment, developed by the debates
m Congress, shows plainly that but for the con-
fidence entertained that the proper amendments
icstricting the power of the Federal Government
would be adopted, the Constitution of the United
States never would have been ratified; and accoitl-
ingly, at the very first Congress of the United
States, you find that some twelve amendments
were proposed, sanctioned by Congress, and sub-
sequently adopted by the people, all of which are
in the nature of a bill of rights, all of which were
intended to restrict and impose limitations upon
the exercise of power by the Federal Government.
The little State of Rhode Island—and m small
communities men naturally prize liberty pet haps
more than they do in larger and more powerful
States—stood out from the Union; and if you will
take the trouble to look at the annals of Congress
you will find that one of the mam reasons, ac-
cording to the letter of her Governor, which in-
duced her subsequently to accede to it and become
a member of this Confedeiacy was, that she con-
sidered that the amendments which had been
adooted did remedy the defects of the Constitu-
tion, and did secure individual liberty against the
aggressions of power. You will find the letter in
the first or second volume of Congress.
But, sir, this privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus is but the remedy. In order to understand
what the writ is, we must look back to the coun-
try from which we have derived our institutions;
from which we have actually drawn the great
principles of freedom which we have embodied in
our Constitution. The main distinction between
the two Governments in that respect is this: in
England the restrictions of power do not reach
Parliament, because Parliament is the ultimate
power of the Government; they reach only the
Executive; but the same restrictions in the same
words are embodied in the amendments to the
Federal Constitution; and you can give no ration-
al construction to them but by looking back to
the authorities, and the construction which was
given to the language in Magna Chartajr om which
the massof those amendments were drawn. The
words " due process of law/' the right of trial*
the security that a man shall not be deprived pi
his life, liberty, or property, without due process'
of law, all received their construction long ante-
cedent to the adoption of this Constitution in tljie
express words; and you have but to. look! to
Coke's second Institutes and you will find wWt
that construction has been.
The right to personalliberty, unless taken away
by due process of law, existed by the common"
law of England. It was often invaded. In turbu-
lent times it was completely crushed. At the time
of Magna Charta the Commons were not then in
existence as a political power, but the baron's
forced the Crown into the signature of that instru-
ment and the acknowledgment of its provisions.
The period subsequent to that, and during the
wars ofthe *'Roses"—of course that was merely a -
state of civil war, and among a people semi-bar-
barous at «thc time—was one from which you can
draw few legal precedents. Theconstitutionulhis-
tory of England had not then commenced. Under
theTudors, the right was often violated. Itvyas
violated because the judiciary stood dependent
upon and were the creatures of the Crown, and
the writ was evaded—Chief Justice Marshall tells
you all that—so constantly evaded that it almost
ceased to be a remedy, though the writ was never
denied in any court of justice in England. The
right to personal liberty, the right to be exempt
from arrest and imprisonment without due process
of law, was never denied by any judge upon the
English bench; but it was evaded on a variety of
grounds until the struggle took place between the
Commons, which had arrived at political power,
and James I, which ultimately ended in the Eng-
lish revolution; and after a period of years, when
things became more settled, and the second revo-
lution, which peaceably displaced James II, had
occurred, the great principle of constitutional law
became thoroughly recognized; and from that day
to this, in t'he realm of England, the writ has
remained unimpaired. The rightalways existed.
The privilege ofthe writ is but the summary mode
for the assertion of the right. Parliament, by
virtue of its omnipotence, which is the theory of
the'British Government, may suspend that writ;
because they have no constitution which forbids
it. Under our Constitution it can only be sus-
pended in certain cases by some power—which I
cannot doubt is the powerofCougrcss—determin-
ing that the public safety requires itssuspension.
That was the original provision. The people
were not satisfied with it, and hence the supple-
mentary provision in the fifth article ofthe amend-
ments which secures the right, although it does
not alter the power of suspension, be it in the
Congress or the President, or the summary remedy
for the relief of persons unlawfully imprisoned.
The imprisonment is no less lawless, (whether
the writ is suspended or not,) unless there be due
process of law; and the officer or person who
makes an arrest of an American citizen, not in
the Army or Navy, without due process of law,
may be lawfully resisted,and if the death of the
person sought to be arrested should ensue the
agent would be guilty of murder.' If, on the con-
trary, the agent were killed in order to preventan
illegal ariest, the party would stand justified by
the law as committing an act solely in self-defense.
He has, also, the i ight of action (if he goes not to
the extent of the destruction of life) arising out of
his lawless imprisonment; and these words " due
process of law," have received their construction.
As I have said, if you will turn to Coke's Second
Institutes you will find it in the plainest terms.
You will find it recognized by some of the ablest
judges in your country, as the true exposition of
the meaning of the words " due process of law,"
or " according to the law of the land," that it is
an arrest by judicial warrant, founded upon affi-
davit specifying, with sufficient certainty, the na-
ture of the offense against the laws for which the
party is committed. That is "due process of
law."
Now, how is the writ to be suspended? Is the
act less lawless if the President claims the right to
order any of his agents or satellites to arrest an
American citizen because he may be adverse in
opinion to him, because he may choose to sup-
pose that that citizen is not loyal to the country ?
is it a Government of freedom; isitafree country
