538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
judiciary of the United States only are competent
to decide that question, and the question will be
taken there. It must be taken out of the hands
of the State authorities, and it must be transferred
to the courts of the United States. I admit that
it would be a very difficult proceeding to make that
transfer; and I am not by any means certain about
it, because I am not very familiar with, this bill.
This cannot appear upon the indictment in the
State court. The plea there is, not guilty. That
is the only plea upon the record. How is that
court to know that this man intends to rely on the
warrant of the President for his justification in the
absence of any special pleading? Still I suppose
that could be provided for by law; and if it did
appear to the State court, then of course it ought
to oe transferred. In that way only could a man
avail himself of this privilege and this, power
which is claimed to result from the warrant of the
President.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me to ask him if, in the case put,
the prisoner could not give in evidence, under the
plea of not guilty, this warrant in his defense?
_ Mr. COWAN. Unquestionably; but. he has a
right to have the validity of that warrant determ-
.ned by the Un'ited States court. It is a consti-
tutional right. He is not bound to abide by the
decision of a subordinate State tribunal upon that,
certainly.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly not; but, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, if the State court should accept
the warrant as evidence, and should decide against
the validity of the warrant, or the right of the
President to issue it, could he not then, after the
judgment had been pronounced by the State court,
carry it into a United States court and have an
opinion there?
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, only the in-
dictment goes into the court upon a special allo-
catur. The testimony could not go; nothing but
the indictment and the simple plea would go; and
upon that the court could not determine the char-
acter of his defense. Besides, the character of this
defense is one of fact to a great extent, and might
depend on probable cause, and that has to be
passed upon by a jury under the direction of the
court; because if the court could pass upon the
question of fact, there is an end of it; 110 appeal
lies from a tribunal which is intrusted with the
determination of questions of fact. In the first
place, the question on which the defense rests
must exist m criminal cases, as a general rule, in
parol—this order of the President may have been
by parol—and it must bo submitted to the jury,
and determined by the jury under the direction
of the court, with authority to try it. [ do not
undertake to say that the criminal might not sub-
mit himself to that jurisdiction, because the juris-
diction of the United States is not exclusive, lie
might submit to it; but if he was desirous to have
the question determined 111 the courts of the Uni-
ted States, he has unquestionably a clear right to
have it so determined.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot agiee with the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, and his doc-
trine somewhat surprises me. I admit unhesita-
tingly, and that is the provision of the law now,
that the decision of the Stale court in the last re-
sort, where it is contrary to an authori ty conveyed
under an act of Congress, or, if you please, of the
Executive, (and if it does not include the Execu-
tive, I am \^ng to make it so,) may Ic carried
to the Supreme Court of the United States for re-
view by an appeal or writ of error. That is con-
sistent with our System. That is ordinarily done
by a bill of exceptions, as regards the questions of
law decided, and thatgives the Supreme Court an
opportunity of passing upon the question. That
gives all the remedy you require. If the law is
imperfect in that respect as it stands, amend it;
but the effect of this bill is to transfer the entire
jurisdiction over offenses against the States from
the State courts, and to try them in the courts of
the United States 011 the mere allegation of the de-
fendant that his act was done under a color of au-
thority from the President of the United States.
If he fails in showing that it was done undercolor
of authority, what is to be the result? Is the case
to be sent back again ? Tlu're is nothing of that
kind in the bill. It is not necessary, in my judg-
ment, for any legitimate purpose whatever, to
transfer the trial oi the facts from the court in which
the indictment or criminal prosecution, whatever
its character, is pending, to a court of the United j
States. It may be proper, if the present law does j
not cover that case, to provide that any decision !
of a State court which impugns the exercise of
authority or decides against an authority con-
ferred under an act of Congress, or exercised by
the President, shall be revisable in the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that a bill of ex-
ceptions shall be signed for that purpose. To that
I should have had no objection; but this amend-
ment goes far beyond that, as I have endeavored
to show, and the result is to prostrate entirely the
criminal jurisdiction of the State courts in any
case in which the defendant says that he claims
to have acted under a color of authority from the
Executive of the United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hopejiot.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New York to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted
—yeas 27, nays lo; as follows:
YEAS—>Iesst?. Anthony, Browmns, Chandler, Claik,
Collamer, Dixon, lJoohttlo. Fes^emten, Foot, Fostci,
Grimes, Hale, ilaiiljn«r, Jiailan, ilairis, Hicks, Kin^, Lune
of Kauris Aloirill, Pomeroy, Slieiman, Sumner, Ten Evclc,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey, and Wilson ot' Massachusetts
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaul, Cailile, Cowan, Davis, Ilen-
(lei-am, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDon^ail,
Powell, SauMmiy, Tuimbull, Tuipie, Wall, and Wilson
of iUissomi—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. There are several amendments
neccssaiy to make the bill conform Lo the amend-
ment now adopted. In line twelve, after the woid
"suit," there should be inserted the words'" or
prosecution." v
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. In line twenty-one, after the
word "cruise," the words "or prosecution"
should be inseited.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will bo made if there be 110 objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. HARRIS. At the end of line thirty-three,
after the word "suit," the words "or prosecu-
tion" should be inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be no objection. The Chan-
hears none.
Mr. HARRIS. In line thirty-four, after the
word "any," the word " such" should be in-
1 sorted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be adopted, if there be no objection. The
Chair heats none.
Air. HARRIS. In line fifty-seven, after the
word " action," the words "civil or criminal"
should be inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none
Mr. HARRIS. In 1 ine three of the second sec-
tion, after the word " act," the words, " whether
civil or criminal" should be inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, jf there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. HARRIS. In the first line of the third
scction, after the woid ''suit," the words "or
prosecution" should be inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. HARRIS. In line two of the fourth scc-
tion, after the word '•'prosecution,'5 the words
" civil or criminal" should be inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to offer one or two
little amendments. In the ninth line of the first
section, after the words " United States," I move
to insert " or any act of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish the same amend-
ment made in the sixth line of the fourth section,
by inserting after the word " United States" the
words " or by or under any act of Congress M
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. COLLAMER. The fourth section is a
statute of limitations, nothing more, nothing less.
It proposes to confine the bringing of actions for
all these causes of action mentioned to two years.
I propose for peace to strike out " fcvo years,"
and insert14 one year," so that the action shall be
brought within one year after the cause of action
accrued.
Mr. BAYARD. Which of these amendment?
is now before the Senate? I do not understand
them to be adopted merely because honorable
Senators suggest them. There is one amendment
of the Senator from New York that I wish to
make a few comments on before it is adopted, and
that is the one inserting the word " such" in the
thirty-fourth line; and then I shall have something
to say on the proposed amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated,
supposing that the amendments were merely
formal, to carry out a vote already agreed to,'that
they would be regarded us adopted if no Senator
objected.
Mr. BAYARD. The particular amendment to
which I object is the one inserting the word
" such," in the thirty-fourth line, after the word
" any." I wish to comment on the principle in-
volved in that portion of the substitute of the com-
mittee, as I regard it as more objectionable than
the previous part of the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
gard the question as not having been put upon
that amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I will make my objec-
tion now. The first section provides, in the first
part of it, for any suits or prosecutions which have
! been previously Inought, or which are still pend-
ing, being transferred to the United States courts.
But the language of this clause is that "any action
or prosecution which may be now pending or
hereafter commenced befoi e any State court what-
ever," may be removed " after final judgment."
The effect of the insertion of the word ''such" is to
make that clause apply to criminal prosecutions;
and then it goes on to provide that such cases,
after final judgment, may be transferred to the
circuit court of the United States, and then the
riglit is given to hear the case over again. Now,
I confess, that strikes me as an extraordinary pro-
vision. After a criminal case, an indictment for
an offense against the laws of the State has been
tried m the State court, and the verdict rendered
one way or the other, the idea that that can be
transferred by an act of Congress into the Federal
court to be tried over again on the law and on the
facts, notwithstanding the judgment, for the lan-
guage is, "the judgment in such case notwith-
standing," it seems to me is an utter obliteration
of the criminal jurisdiction of the States. That
is my objection to the provision. As to the other
part of the section, I shall not now state my
objection to it. I understand, however, that the
honorable Senator from Vermont proposes to re-
duce the limitation of time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not now
before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Now York.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I had in-
tended to move to strike out this portion of the
bill with a view to hear the views of Senators
upon it, from the word "and," in the thirty-
fourth line, to the word " comt," in the seven-
ty-second line inclusive—all that portion of the
bill which relates to annulling or avoiding judg-
ments after they shall have been rendered in the
State courts. That is goin^ very far. I do not
know of any preepdentfor taking a ease from the
State courts to the circuit court of the United
States after it, has been tried and judgment pro-
nounced. In a class of cases provided for by the
statute upon the subject, the judiciary law, ap-
peals or writs of error maybe taken from the final
judgment of the State courts to the Supreme Court
of the United States; but this portion of the bill
contemplates an abrogation of the judgments of
the State courts, or some sort of appeal from the
State courts to the circuit court of the United
States. The provision is, that—
" It shall be lawful in any action or pio&ecutiou which
