540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. BROWNING. I am making this sugges-
tion* in reply to the Senator from New York, i
sav that it is not a mutual right, as he supposes
it to be, but is restricted to one of the parties'. If
the State court renders judgment for the defend-
ant, there is an end of it, whether it is a civil or
a criminal proceeding. If it renders judgment fof
the plaintiff, itavails ium nothing; the law of Con-
gress annihilates that, and gives to the defendant
alone an opportunity of reopening the case. It
is not a mutual right. I think this provision ought
to be stricken out.
Air. BAYARD. Mr. President, no one doubts
that the honorable Senator from New York is per-
fectly right in saying that, in a great variety of
cases* a second trial is allowed on the facts as well
as the law. Certainly it is always done on appeals
in chancery. It is a very common thing through-
out the country that an appeal may be taken from
the decisions uf a minor or inferior court, which
allows the case to proceed de novo in the superior
court; but 1 do not admit that under the tlieoiy
of the Federal Consthution the State couits ate
inferior to the United States courts. { admit tne
supremacy of the Constitution of the United States;
I admit the right of the Supreme Com tof the Uni-
ted States to decide finally on all questions con-
nected with the laws of the United States; but 1
do not desire, nor shall I ever be willing by my
vote, to yield to this system of centralization,
which will have the effect of breaking down the
courts of tka States of this Union, and ultimately
the States of the Union tlu-mselvi s. I am opposed
to every specie?! of legislation of that kind. It is
true that this bill, in many respects, follows nearly
literally the act to which the honorable Senator
from Vermont has referred, but thcie is a wide
difference, which I shall not nowtiouble tin Sen-
ate to discuss, between the jurisdiction involved
in the subject-matter to which that law was con-
fined, and the extension of it to every species uf
act that may he done under a color of aiuhonty
from the President of the United States, besides,
that law, in its provisions, expressly excluded
the idea that any criminal piosecution could he
removed into the United Slates com ts under it;
for it provides, and that proviso iv lefi out in the
present bill, " provided nevertheless that this act
shall not be construed to apply to any prosecution
for an offense involving coipoieal punish men t."
That includes, of course, all species of imprison-
ment. liven in that case where it was essential
to enforce the revenue laws of the countiy, Con-
gress did not vonUue to lakeaway the jm :adunion
of the Slate coui cs where the prosecution involved
a question of corpoieal punishment. Lleio the
jurisdiction is to be taken away altogether.
Again, sir, this bill is made to nppiy to exiting
prosecutions, as well as to those that may lioi,1-
aftor be brought. It provides al.io tor what 1 con-
sider a very bai batous system, that is, the system
of allowing double costs, as it is called; in other
words, imposing on a man a penalty for the asser-
tion of his rights m a court of justice, if he fails
on one side, and no penalty on the other. I think
the principle an unsound one in any law; but \v hen
you come to apply it to an action ponding at the
tune, I think it is a monstrous injustice. The bill
provides that in ail pond mg net ions, if t he plaintiff
shall fall, he shall pay double costs. What is that
but imposing a penalty on a man for doing that
w hich, by the laws of the land, he now has a right
to do, provided he should fail in his suit? A suit
has been commenced under existing laws, which
the party had a right to commence. If he cannot
prove his case, he tails; if the law is against him,
oc fails; but on what pi nieiple can you justify the
imposing of a penalty by subsequent retrospective
legislation upon that man for gomg on with a suit
commenced anterior to the passage of your law?
i think the system of double costs m any case an
obsolete and baibarous one, without reference to
this particular bill; but if it is adopted here, it
should be limited to cisrs hereafter arising. I
shall therefore move to insert the words " here-
after brougnt,"iu the seventy-sixth line,so as to
coniine the penalty of doirhle costs—for it is noth-
ing more than a penalty—to future actions, and
not impose it by retrospective legislation on any
existing suit. 1 have nothing to do with existing
suits; I have no connection with them in anyway;
1 do not even know of any that have been com-
menced.^ I may have read in the papers of one
or two being brought; but I know nothing about
them. My objection is to retrospective legislation,
imposing a penalty on a man for asserting rights
to which he is entitled under the laws of the land
at the time he asserts them. I shall make that
motion whenever it is in order. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York, to insert the woid 44 such "after "any," in
the thirty-fourth line of the first section.
The amendment was agreed to. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont is now m
order. It is to strike out 11 two years," and inseit
" one year," m section four.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I understand 
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman object
to the amendment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object,
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 move, then, to amend
the same section by saying that the limitation
shall be two yeais from the passage of the act.
The Secretary can put the amendment in form.
Mc. COLLAMER. The section is drawn in
the usual form of statutes of limitation; that is,
that the time shall commence to run after the cause
of action accrued.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But it is retroactive, and
I propose to make it prospective. In ail limita-
tion acts, the rule of the law is that the time shall
run after the passage of the statute, and not after
ihe act done unless the act be subsequent to the
statute. Th.it is so weli recogniztd a lulooflaw,
that it has been the construction put upon all lim-
itation laws in this country. It will be observed
fhat the effect of this section, if the act took placc
two years ai;o> is to deny a person his remedy in
court. There may have been illegal acts two years
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There may have been
eighteen months since, and the paity not be ad-
vised of this act within six months; and thus he
would not be able to institute his action. You
do not notify him that there is a limitation on his
ri ht until his right is extinguished. That is
against all the rules of legislation and all sound
rules of law. I propose to have this provision con-
form to iho general rules of iaw on this subject.
A court will not construe a law to he operative to
act upon a past fian^a^ turn, and ! mi it a p*«st i ight,
unless it fx* a nrressury conclusion, and, indeed,
under State constitutions the right of State Legis-
iatuies to enact a law making a limitation operate
upon a past act has been denied, and it hat> been
contended that such laws can only date from the
passage of the act
Mr. COLLAMER. Rut suppose two years
after this act passes there is a man who wants to
bring his suit for a cause that arises then. Sup-
pose that a man's cause of action accrues two
years after tiie act passes, and he brings suit, what
would be the statute of limitations' Undei the
amendment now proposed, it would run on him
before the act was done, before the causc of action
accrucd. The Senator needs something more than
the amendment as presented, to accomplish his
purpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have not drawn up the
amendment in form.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose what the gen-
tleman means is, that as to causes of action that
heretofore accrued, the action shall be brought
within two yoaisfrom the passage of the act, and
for those that hereafter accrue, within two years
after the cause of action has accrued.
Mr. McDOUGALL. By the section as it now
stands, the bringing of an action for a cause that
accrued eighteen months since would be limited
in six months from this time; and the bringing of
an action for an act done two years ago would
be already limited. It is proposed to pass a lim-
itation that is to operate before a man has asserted
his rights, and before you have given him notice
that he is denied his rights.
Mr. COLLAMER. "l was trying to make the
gentleman understand that putting in the words
he proposes, providing that the action shall be
brought within two years after the passage of this
act, might bar an action, the cause of which hay
not accrued and may not acciue until next year
or the year after.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why so?
Mr. COLLAMER. Because the action is not
brought within two ^ears after the passage of the
art.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Oh, no; that is not my
idea. I ha.ve not drawn up the amendment. I
wi'il considei it, and draw it up in proper form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from California withdraw the amendment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw it for the
piesent.
Mr. BROWNING. I now move to strike out
all the first section of the bill from the word " and,"
in line thirty-four, to the word " court," in line
seventy-two, inclusive. It is only so much of it
as relates to appeals from the judgments of the
State courts.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And itshail be lawful manv action orpiosecution which
may be now pending, or heieaitcr commenced, befoie any
State coiut vvlKitevi. lor any c.iu-'o aioiesnid, after final
judgment, foi either p.utv to remove and transfer, by ap-
peal. such oa>e ditin'" the section or tenn of said court at
which the '-amr shall iinvetaki u placc, tiom such comtto
the iso vt cii'-n.t cum i or ihe United Stares to be held in the
di tnct in winch such appeal snail be taken, m manner
nfote-au]; mid tt-itall be tne duty of the person taking such
appeal to pioduce and file in the paid eueuit court attested
copies of ihe ptoe^ss. p.oeeedtngs aiwl judgment in such
cau-c ; audits-bull also be competent for eithei party, with-
in months alier ilie lendiuon of a judgment in such
rau«o,by wnt ofetroi oi otiiei procc?^, to remove the same
to the eneuit eoiut of the Uiiit"d States of that dishiet in
unuch such judgment shall have been rendeied; and the
.'-aid cn< u;t eouit shall then upon ptocced to fty and de-
teimine the tact- and 'he law n. siieh action, in the same
mannei a- it the same, had been theie originally commenced,
the judgment in such ca-c notwithstanding. And any bail
\vhi<'b may have been ul<en,oi piopertv attached, shall be
holden on the final judgment oft he send cncuit com t m such
action, in the same mannei as if no such removal and trans-
fei had been made, as aforesaid. And the State coutt ftom
which au\ -neb action may be temoved and tiansfeired,as
rtore-aid, upon the paities giving good and sufficient secu-
| uly toi ihe pio-eeution theieof, shall ailow the same to be
lemovcu and tran-fei rt d, and pioceed no lui tlier in the case:
| Pro i ulcth hovrvcr. That if the paitv afores-aid shall fail duly
i to enter the removal and nan-tei, ns atoiesaid, in the circuit
1 eou: t, agreeably to this act, the Stale couit, by which judg-
! nu'iit-li.tU have bfen lendcred,and ftom winch the tiansfer
; and lemovv.i shall have been made, as aforesaid, shall be
1 authoi ized. on motion for that purpose, to issue execution,
f.nd to cai iy into effect any such judgment, the same as if
no Mich lemovai and tiansfer had been made : Jlnd jrtovidcd,
also. That no such appeal oi writofenoi shall be allowed
m any action or juosecuuon wheie final judgment shall
have been tendered in favor of the defendant or respondent
by the State couit.
Mr. RAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
; taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 27; as follows:
i YICAS—Messrs. Bayaul, tiiowning.C'aihie, Cownn, Da-
j vi'. Henderson, MeDoueaii. L'owell/SauNbmy, .Sherman,
. Tu:pie. \\ ail, VVUiey,and Wii-ott of Mis-sous i—14.
i NAY?— Mes-is. Anthonj, Chandlet, Cauik, Collamer,
Dl\oii, Doohttle, Fe—enden, Foot, Foster, Gtimes, Hale,
' Iluidiug, Ihukin. [Jams, flicks, Ilowaid, King, Lane of
Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Mnri'M, I'omeioy, Sumne', Ten
Va cK, Ti uiiibull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts— 2/.
' So the amendment was rejected,
i Mr. COWAN. I move to strike out all of the
second section after its enacting clause, and in
hen of it to insert:
That if it «hnU appear, upon the tiial of anv action pro-
vided foi and mentioned m the fir t section of tins net, that
theie was piobabio eau-e for the ai ieM. imprisonment, or
other a'U t-omp'a'hed of, oi that in making such arrest or
imni winment, oi commuting such acr, the defendant acted
: m good laitii. und*u tiic authonty or oiuor of the President
oi the Cmied Stale-, ihen, and in eveiy such ca^c, it shall
be the dun of the eomt tn nig ihe cau-e to instructthe jury
tli xt the toi, i'oing oi eithei ot them, constitute a full
and rounder" deirnse to the action, and that the finding
I must be acrouhngly.
' Mr. COLLAMER. Before passing upon the
second section, by striking it out, I wish to amend
i it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be in order.
1 Mr. COLLAMER. In the fourteenth and fif-
j tecntli lmea of the second section, I move to strike
; out the words until after the adjournment ofthe
j then next ensuing ^e®^ ion of Congress.The sec-
; tion provides, m substance, that if upon the trial
. of /my of these cac;cs, it shall appear in evidence
| to the court that the defendant acted on probable
! eau^'e or m good fa-th, they shall --iHer a certificate
: of that on the record; and thereupon all further
| proceedings on that judgment slmli cease. That is
! to be done if mdgmentis rendeied for the plaintiff*,
j The words of the section are:
j That in any suit or prosecution against any person for any
j eau^e mentioned m tne fiist section of this act, if judgment
I shall be given against the defendant or respondent, and it
