1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareh. 2,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 2, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Edwin H. Nevin, of Tennessee.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to bill of the House No. 511, for enrolling and call-
in®: out the national forces, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed jointresolution of the House (No.
153) authorizing the adjustment of the accounts
of Z. B. Caverly, late secretary of legation at Peru,
for losses by exchange, with an amendment; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN FISK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the House of the 10th instant, the
report of Captain J. L. Fisk, of the expedition to
escort emigrants from Fort Abcrcrombie to Fort
Benton; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MILITARY APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a statement of ap-
propriations applicable to the scrvice of the War
Department, amounts drawn, balances on hand,
&c.; which was'laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There are- several ap-
plications here for the issue of American jegisters
to vessels. It is a matter of some importance.
The Committee on Commerce have prepared a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue American registers to certain
vessels therein named. 1 ask unanimous consent
to report it and have it passed.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was reported, received us several readings, and
was engrossed, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to submit a propo-
sition to the House, with a view to the dispatch
of business. I move to suspend the rules, so as
to take up Senate and House hills on the Speaker's
table, with amendments pending thereto, provided
that this order shall not interfere with the order
heretofore made for one o'clock to-day.
The question was taken, tho rules were sus-
pended by a vote of two thirds, and the proposi-
tion was agreed to.
The bills and resolutions on the Speaker's table
were then taken up and disposed of as indicated
below.
EFFICIENCY OF THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Bill of the Senate (No. 494) to give greater ef-
ficiencytothejudicial system ofthc United States,
returned from the Senate with the following
amendment of the House, disagreed to by the
Senate:
At the ruri of the bill insert tin- following new section :
Jind be it further cnactcd, Tliat the district courts of the
United Slates shall have the same cognizance of all ea-es
of admiralty and maritime jun-diction arising upon the
lake?, and the navigable waters connecting the panic, tlmt
is now possessed and exercised in like ea<-es husui? upon
the high sens, or tide-water, within the admiralty ami rnaii-
Ume juusdiction of tlie United States.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. That amendment was
voted on under some nusapptchen&ion. I move
that the House recede from its amendment; tmd
on that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the House receded from its amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House receded from its amend-
ment; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDEPENDENT LINES OF TELEGRAPH.
Joint resolution of the House (No. 150) grant-
ing authority to the independent line of telegraph
to locate and construct their telegraph, returned
from the Senate with amendments making its pro-
visions apply to other companies, and amending
the title so as to read: " Joint resolutions in rela-
tion to telegraph companies in the District of Co-
lumbia."
The amendments of the Senate were agreed to.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Bill of the House (No. 369) to provide for the
discharge of State prisoners and others, and to
authorize judges of the United States courts to
take bail or recognizance to secure the trial of the
same,returned from the Senate with amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe all that js provided
for in the report of the committee of conference on
the other bill. I move that the bill be laid aside
for the present.
The amendment was agreed to.
SUSAN DIXON.
Bill of the House (No. 435) for the relief of
Susan Dixon, widow of John Dixon, deceased,
returned from the Senate with an amendment to
strike out the word Nancy, in the preamble,and
insert in lieu thereof "Susan."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
PROGRESS OF THE USEFUL ARTS.
Bill of the House (No. 365) to amend an act
entitled "An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts," returned from the Senate with sundry
amendments.
Theamendments of the Senate were concurred in.
WILLIAM MAXWELL WOOD.
Jointresolution ofthc House (No.96) relative
to the claim of W. Maxwell Wood, returned from
the Senate with an amendment m the nature of a
substitute, authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to allow to Surgeon William Maxwell Wood the
mileage that would be legally due to him on his
return from the East Indies, under orders given
him by Commodore Armstrong, January 29,1858.
Mr. BABBITT. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order that this resolution makes an appropriation,
ajid must have its first consideration in a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not «ee that
the amendment of the Senate makes any appro-
priation, and the losolution itself has already been
considered in the House.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to refer the
resolution to n Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BABBITT, t demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling's motion, and it was disagreed to.
j The amendment of the Senate was then con-
J cuired in.
| ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD,
i Bill of the House (No. 468) to extend the char-
! ter of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
li Company and for other purposes, returned from
j! the Senate with sundiy amendments,
j! Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to con-
;! cur in the Senate amendments, and on that motion
j1 I demand the previous question.
Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 hope the gentleman will
j1 withdraw his demand for the previous question.
|! Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope not. The bill has
<, been maturely considered.
j! Mr. STEELE, of New York. The bill has
«! passed the House Committee for the District of
; Columbia unanimously. It was sent to the Sen-
; ate, and it has passed that body with one or two
; immaterial amendments. I must insist on my dc-
| mand for the previous question.
I! Mr. CRISFIELD. i hope the gentleman will
1! withdraw it longenough for me to reply,
j, The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
!' Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the bill belaid
upon the table.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
| Mr. CRISFIELD demanded tellers on the yeas
: and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered. The House refused to lay the
bill upon the table.
The Senate amendments were then concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendments were concurred
in, and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
0. B. AND OLIVER S. LATIIAM.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
Court of Claims (H. R. C. C. No. Ill) for the
relief of O. B. & Oliver S. Latham was next taken
up.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out " $100,208 59," and la lieu thereof insert
  $74,583 37."
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be Utid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Z. B. CAVEKLiT.
The joint resolution of the House (H. R. No.
153) authorizing the adjustment of the account of
Z. B. Caverly, late secretary of legation at Peru,
for loss by exchange, with the amendment of the
Senate thereto, having been taken up, the Senato
amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (No. 546) for the relief of Margaret L.
Stevens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac 1. Ste-
vens; and
An act (No. 577) further to regulate proceedings
in prize cases, and to amend various acts of Con-
gress in relation thereto.
GRANT OF LANDS.
The bill of the Senate (No. SOS) granting lands
to the States of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid
in the construction of a military road from Fort
Wilkins, Copper harbor, Keewenaw county, in
the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green
hay, in the State of Wisconsin, was then taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
The joint resolution of the Senate (No. 131) to
facilitate the payment of sick and wounded sol-
diers in the hospitals and convalcscent camps was
taken up, read three times, and passed.
Mr. OLIN moved that the vote last taken be
reconsidered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SIGNAL CORPS.
The bill of tho Senate (No. 509) to provide for
the organization of a signal corps, to serve during
the present war, was then taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. McPHERSQN moved the following as an
additional section, and demanded the previous
question: .
Sec. 5. Jhxd he it further cnacted, That paymasters be
required, when infoi med by soldiers of the lo*s of allotment
checks, to forward the information to the United btates
siib-TreabUierin the city of New York, and issue a dupli-
cate check when authorized by him; also that, so far as
