1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
possible, they give an opportunity to soldiers ft) make allot-
ments, and encourage them in doing so.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to add the following
as an additional section, and demanded the pre-
vious question:
Sec . 6. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the
number of surgeons and assistantsurgcons of the volunteer
force, as authorized by the existing laws, there may be ap-
pointed fifty surgeons and two hundred and fifty assistant
surgeons.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opeiation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved the following as an
additional section, and demanded the previous
question:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That section two of the
act approved March 3, 1849, entitled An act to provide
for the payment of horses and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service of the United States," shall
be construed to include steamboats and other vessels and
railroad engines and cars in the property to be allowed
and paid for when destroyed ui lost under the circumstances
provided for in said act.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no steamboat,
nor the master or owner of any steamboat, shall be liable to
any of the penalties prescribed by existing laws, nor be li-
able to any person or persons for any injury or damage that
may result therefrom, for transporting gunpowder, or any
inateilals which ignite by friction, or oils or other explosive
burning fluids, when such transportation shall be done in
the sei vice of the Government of the United States; not-
withstanding such articles shall not be packed, nor chests
noi t-ates shall have been provided, nor any inspection shall
have been made, as required, in other cases, by law.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That provision ought
to he limited to the present rebellion.
Mr. McPHERSON". 1 accept that as a mod-
ification of my amendment, and demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
theicof, the amendment, as modified, was agreed
to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved the following as an
additional section, and demanded the previous
question: ^
Sue. 9. And be it further cnactcd) That that part of the
sixth section of the act to authorize the employment of vol-
unteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public
piopertj, approved July 22, 1881, which secures to the
widows of such volunteers as die or may be killed in service,
in addition to all airears of pay and allowances, a bounty
of §100, shall not be construed to apply to any widow of
any soldier dying or killed in service who may have will-
fully, maliciously, and without just provocation deserted
her husband before he entered such service; and that in all
such eases said bounty and all arrears of pay and allowances
shall be paid to the legal heirs of such deceased soldier, as
if lie had no widow living at the time of his death.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mi . DUNN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Skc. 10. And be it further enaded, That thp laws here
toforc passed ielating to the pay of the vohinteeis and mi-
litia called into the service of the United States since the
1st day of April, 1861, shall be so con.stiued as to allow pay-
ment to such volunteers and militia to commence a< fol-
low- : to the enlisted men fiom the date of their individual
enrollment or enlistment, and to the commissioned office is
Horn the date at which they were mustered into service, the
date of their enteun? upon actual  eiviee in the field, or
the date of the organization of their respective companies
or lrgunents, in the manner prescribed by the general or-
ders 6l the War Department, whichever ot tiiose dates shall,
in point of time, fiist occur.
INDEMNITY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock hav-
ing arrived the vote will now be taken, by previ-
ous order of the House, on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference on the indemnitv
bill
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, culled for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91), nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blaii, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, William G. Biown, Buflinton, Campbell,
Casey, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Dunn, Edgeiton, Elioti Ely, Fentoti, Samuel C.
Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Flanders,
Franchot, Frank, Goodwin, Gurley, Mahn, Hale, Harrison,
Hooper, Norton, flntchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Killinger, Lansing, Leary, Lehman,
Loorme, Low, Mclndoe, McKean,MeKnight, McPherson,
Mnrston, Maynard, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill,
Nixon. Ohn, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps. Pike, Pomeroy,
Poiter, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edward II.' Rollins, Sargent,
SedgffTck, Segar, Shank.-, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan^
Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Franci'< Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbndee. Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck,
Veiree, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Washbnrne, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Window, and Worcester—99.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Calvert. Cravens, Crisfleld, Delaplaine, Dun-
lap, English, Granger, Grider, Hall, Harding, Hohrian,
Johnson, Kerrigan, Knnpp, Law, Malloiv, Menzies, Mor-
ris, Noble, Norton, Ntigen, Pendleton. Perrv, Price, Rob-
inson, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,'William G. Steele,
Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Valiaiidighnni, Voorhees,
Wadsworth, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wiekhffe, Wood,
Woodruff, and Yeaman—44.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Hickman
was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Lovejoy, was detained at home by
severe indisposition, and that if lie had been pres-
ent lie would have voted "ay."
Mr. NORTON stated that his cbllcuguc, Mr.
Noell, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Cox, was prevented from attendance
at the House by indisposition.
The vote having been announced,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY SIGNAL CORPS—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to organize a signal corps for the Army, the
question being on Mr. Dunn's amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman fiom Indiana what is the com-
mittee's estimate of the additional cost of this
amendment?
Mr. DUNN. Most of the soldiers luive been
paid according to the principle of this section, but
the paymasters in their accounts are not allowed
credit for this by the Paymaster General. This
section is therefore necessary. I do not know
what the difference in amount is, but certainly
the soldier should be paid from the time of his
enlistment. 1 call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Pec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the pay of the
privates of the regular Army and volunteers and militia
in the service of the United States, shSll be fifteen dollars
per mouth, from and after the 1st day of March, 1863, until
othei wi>e provided bylaw.
Mr. McPHERSON. i raise the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
There is nothing in the bill about pay.
Mr. COLFAX. I tlunk it germane to the
amendment adopted on the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Dunn.]
The SPEAKER. An amendment having been
adopted to this bill providing for pay of soldiers,
thisamendmentisgermane to it. The Chair does
not think it would be germane to the bill, but the
amendments have become a part of it.
Mr. HOLMAN moved the previous question
on the amendment.  
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Ancona, Babbitt, i&mgham, Jacob B. lilau, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, William G. Brown,Campbell, Ca-cy, Cham-
berlain, Cobb, Colfax, Conway, Cravens, Dawes, Dela-
plaine, Dunlap. English, Samuel 0. Fe-se den, Thomas A.
D. Fessenden, Fouke, Grangci, Grider, Guiley, Ilaight,
Harding, fjunl&or., Ilolman, Hutching Johnson, Julian,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Killinger, Knapp, Lansing, Law, Leary,Lehman, L ootids,
Mallory, Menzies, Mitchell, Morris, 'Noble, Nugen, Patton,
Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Porter. Alexander H. Rice, Riddle,'
Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, Shanks,Shellabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,'Stile*,'
Francis Thomas, Trimble, Vallandigham,Van Wyek,Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Walker, Wallace, Ward, "WaShburne,
Whnley, Albert &. White, Wilson, WIndom, Woodruff,
Wright, and Yeaman—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Baily, Baker, Baxter,Biddle,Bttifinton,
Calvert, Clark, Frederick A. Conkling, Cutler, Davis,
Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Flanders, Franchot, Goodwin, Halm,
Hale, Ilall, Low, McKnight, Mcpherson, May,Moorhead,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Norton, Olin, John S. Phelps,
Timothy G. Phelps, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Segar, Sheffield, Smith, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trowbridge,Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh.Verree,
Wall, Wheeler, and Worcester—-46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am directed by the Com-*
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment as additional sections:
Sec. 12. And be it fui ther cnacted, That the President of
the United States, the Secretary of War, and the Surgeon
General are hereby authoiized and directed to purchase
one or more site or sites, at some healthy, eligible,and central
point or points, easily accessible by vessels or railroad cars,
for the purpose of erecting suitable hospital buildings or
homes for the accommodation of poor, disabled, discharged
sold iorsofthe United States Army or ot the volunteer service,
the deed or deeds of the same to be made to the United States,
and to be paid for, as well as the cost of Hie improvements
and buildings, out of the appropriation of $2,000,000 made
by an act entitled " An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army," approved 5th July, 1862, to be ex-
pended for the comfortof discharged and disabled soldiers.
SbC. 13. And be it further enacted, That the President,
Secretary of War, and Surgeon General are hereby author-
ized to make buch rules and regulations as to the manage-
ment, control, and superintendence of said hospitals or
homes to be crceted under this law, and as to the classes
of soldieis entitled to entrance therein, and to exercise fall
power in the premises.
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That the said soldiers
who may be entitled under said rules and regulations to be
placed in the said hospitals or homes shall be fed, clothed,
and carefully provided ior, at the cost of the Government
of the United States, so long as they are disabled and in-
competent to procure a living, or have not the meansof
self-suppoit: Provided, That no soldier during the time he
may re&ide in the said hospital or home shall "be entitled to
receive any pension from the United States.
I move the previous question on the amend-
ment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move to amend the title
by adding " and for other purposes.M
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making it read " for a thousand other
purposes." [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIII2 SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
an act (No. 5-16) for the relief of Margaret L. Ste-
vens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac I. Ste-
vens; and an act (No. 577) further to regulate pro-
ceedings in prize eases and to amend various acts
of Congress in relation thereto; in which he was
| directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
COUTIT OF CLAIMS BILk.
Mr. PORTER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the bill amendatory of the Court of Claims
law, submitted the following report:
Tiie committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. It. No.
*22fi) to amend an act to establish a court for the investiga-
tion of claims against the United States, approved February
2-i, 1855, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses a& follows.:
That the House recede from their disagreement 10 the
second, fourth, sixth, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth,
