urn
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
thirteenth, fifteenth, eighteenth, twenty-first., twenty-third,
twenty-fifth, twenty-fifth and a half, twenty-seventh, twen-
ty-ejglith, thiity-first, thirty-second, thirty-thud, thirty*
to,urth. thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, and thirty-eighth amend-
ments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
STIiat the Senate recede from theii first, tfciid, seventeenth,
and twentieth amendments.
' That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifth, seventh, fourteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth,
twenty-second, twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninth,
thirtieth, and thiity-sixth amendments, changing the num-
b~eis;of the sections of said bill, and agree to the same as
amended, so as to number the sections of said bill, as here-
with reported, consecutively from section No. 1 to section
No- 14, inclusive,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
DANIEL CLARK,
ROBERT WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
, A. G. POUTER,
J. C. ROBINSON,
Managers on the pait of the House.
Mr. PORTER. Upon concurring; in the report
of the committee of confercnce, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FENTON. Before the previous question
is seconded, I hope the gentleman from Indiana
will explain the effect of the report as it has been
agreed upon.
Mr. PORTER. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for a moment. It will
be recollected that the bill as it passed the House
provided for the appointment of two additional
judges. The Senate disagreed to that feature of
the bill, but they now recede from this disagree-
ment. The provision for two additional judges,
if the repoit shall be concuned in, will therefore
be retained.
The House recedes from its disagreement to a
number of amendments of the Senate, most of
which relate to the mere phraseology of the bill.
The Senate amended the bill so as to limit the
jurisdiction to the cases now provided for by law;
, the juiisdiction, hovrt-ver, to ho final, as provided
by ffic bill as it passed the House. The commit-
tee recommend that tbe House iccede from us dis-
agreement to that amendment.
Mr. HARRISON, I desire to ask the gentle-
roan what salary this bill provides for these judges ?
Mr. PORTER. The billvnakes no change, in
that respect, of the existing law.
Mr. COLFAX. I will ask my colleague what
the jurisdiction of these judges is to be in respect
to their decisions being binding on the Treasury?
Mr. PORTER. The judgment* of the court
arc to be final. The decisions of the court will
not be sent to Congress for revision, but the
amounts adjudged to Im: due to claimants are not
to be paid out of the Treasury until they have
been estimated for by theTieasmy Depntiment,
and appropi intions made therelbr by Congress. I
now demand the previous question on the adop-
tion of the report.
Mr. McPxlERSON. 1 move to lay the leport
of the committee of conference on the table.
Mr. PIKE. I ask Im the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yns end nay:* wue not ordered.
Mr. McPUKllttON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PORTER. 1 ask that the question may
be taken on seconding the demand for the pie-
vi&nu question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oideied to be put.
Mr. Me,Pi I ERSON called for the yeas and nays
upon concun iu*  in the report ot the committee
of confluence.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tlie report was cwncuued in.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the repot i\\ as concurred in ;and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MKSMGES J'KOM THE PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were received from
the Pjfaident ot the United Elates, by Mr. IS'ic-
olay, his P; uate Seeietary.
Sli\ADA LEGISLATION.
Senate bill (No. 512) to disapprove of the
twemy-sixth sec.ion of the art of the Legislative
.Assembly of the Territory of Nevada, and for
other purposes, was taken from the Speaker's
tab]-., and read a hist and second time.
The Ji'i v/as lead. It disapproves,annuls, and
makes void section iwonty-six <i>f an act of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Nevada,
entitled " An act to provide for the formation of
corporations for certain purposes,"approved De-
cember 20, 1862, as follows:
c< Sec. 26. All corpoiations heretofore formed under the
provisions of acts of incorporation in other States or Terri-
tories, and holding or owning property within this Teiri-
tory of such character aa specified in section first of this act,
and managed by a board or hoards of trustees or directors,
and having their principal place of business outside the
limits> of this Territory, are hcieby leqiurcd toiemov^thcir
places of business, principal offices, books, and papers,
heretofore kept, or necessary for the tiansaction of such
business, to some point to be designated by said corporation,
within the limits of thib Terntoiy, within six months after
the passage of this act, or otherwise such eoipoiation or
corporations shall be disregarded in law as a corporation,
and the coiporators or stockholder thcicof be treated as
tenants in common, or joint owners of such property so
owned or held within this Temtory. Any corporation, by
filing and recording its certificate oi incoi poiation, or a cer-
tified copy thcicof, with the seeietary of ihoTciritory, and
with the eleikof the county in which such eoiporation may
locate as the principal place of business, and lully comply-
ing with nil the piovisionsof this act, hhall be deemed buf-
ticient to entitle such eorpoiation to nil the lights and priv-
ileges under the pioviaioiib of tins act.''
The bill further confers upon all incorporated
companies, duly organized within any State or
Territory of the United States, the power to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in the sev-
eral courts of the Territory of Nevada, anything
in the laws of the Territory to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was oidered to a third reading, and was
aeeoi diniily rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lav she motion to reconsider on the table.
Tbe latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS.
Senate bill (No. 359) to reorganize the courts
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a fust and second time.
The bill was read at length. It establishes in
the District of Columbia a court to be called the
supreme court of the Districtof Columbia, which
shall have general juiisdiction m law and equity,
to consist of four justices, one of whom shall be
denominated as chief justice; these justices are to
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice ami consentof the Senate; each justice, be-
fore ho enters upon the duties of his office, is to
lake the oath prescribed to be taken by judges of
the courts of the United States; any three of the
justices may hold a general teim, and any one of
I them may hold a special term or circuit court;
and a special term may be held at the same time
with a circuit courtand by the same justice. The
court shall have power to appoint a cleik, who
shall take the oath, and give a bond, with sure-
ties, in the manner prescribed by law for clerks
of district com ts of the United States.
The bill further piovides that the supreme court
shall possess the same powers and exercise the
pmsdietion now possessed and exereisi d by the
judges of the circuit oouit; that any one of the
justices may hold a district court of the United
States for the District of Columbia, in the same
manner and with the same powers and jurisdic-
tion possessed and cxeicised by other disliict
couilh of the United States; that any one of the
justices may also hold a district court of the United
Slates for the District of Columbia, in the same
manner and with the same powers and juiisdic-
tion possessed and exercised by other district
courts of the United States; that any one of the
justices may also hold a criminal court for the
111 a I of all cnmes*mul offenses arising within the
District, which court shall possess the same pow-
ers and exercise the same juiisdiction now pos-
sessed and exeiciscd by the euminal court of the
District of Columbia; that general terms of the
supreme court shall be held at the same times at
which terms of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia are now required to be held, and at the
same place; and that district courts and criminal
courts shall also be held by one of the justices at
the several times when such courts are now re-
quired by law to be hold,and at the same place.
The bill further provides that special terms of
the supreme court shall be held by one of the
justices, at such time or times as the court, in gen-
eral terms,*shall appoint; that non-enumerated
motions in all suits and proceedings at law and in
equity shall first be heard and determined at such
special terms; that suits in equity, not triable by-
jury, shall also be heard and determined at such
special terms; but the justice holding such special
term may, in his discretion, order any such mo-
tion or suit to be heard, in the first instance, at a
genera! term; that any party aggrieved by any
order, judgment, or decree made or pronounced
at any such special term may, if the same involve
the merits of the action or proceeding, appeal
therefrom to the general term of the supreme
court,and upon such appeal the general term shall
review such order, judgment, or decree, and af-
firm, reverse* or modify the same, as shall be
just.
The bill further cnacts that the court, in gen-
eral term, shall adopt such rules as it may think
proper to regulate the time and manner of mak-
ing appeals from the special term to the general
tei m, and may prescribe the terms and conditions
upon which such appeals may be made; thatsuch
court may also establish such other rules as it may
deem necessary for regulation of the practice of
the several courts organized by this act,and from
time to time revise and alter such rules; and it
may also determine by rule what motions shall
be heard at a special term, as non-enumerated mo-
tions, and what motions hlmll be heard at a gen-
eral term in the first instance; that all issues of
fact tiiable by n jury or by the court shall be tried
before a single justice; that when the trial is by
jury, at a circuit eoui t; and when the trial is with-
out a jury, at a circuit courtor special term; that
issues of law may be tried at a circuit court or
special term; that at any time after issue, and at
least ten days before the sitting of the court, either
party may give notice of trial; that the party giv-
ing the notice shall furnish the clerk, at least four
days before the sitting of the court, with a note
of the issue, containing the title of the action, the
names of the attorneys, and the time when the
lastpleading was served; and the clerk shall there-
upon enter the cause upon a calendar, according
to the date of the issue.
The bill further enacts that if, upon the trial of
a cause, an exception be taken, it may be reduced
to writing at the time, or it may be entered on the
minutes of the justice, and aftcrwaids settled in
such manner as may be provided by the rules of
the co#rt, and then staled in writing in a case or
bill of exceptions, with so much of the evidence
as may be material to the questions to be raised,
but such case or bill of exceptions need not be
sealed or signed, that the justice who tries the
cause may, in his discretion, entertain a motion,
to be made on his minutes, to set aside a verdict
and grant a new trial upon exceptions, or for in-
sufficient evidence, or for excessive damages; pro-
vided, such motion be made at the same term or
circuit at which the trial was had; that when such
motion is made and heard upon the. minutes, an
appeal to the general term may be taken from the
decision, in which case a bill of exceptions or case
shall be settled in the usual manner.
The bill further enacts, that a motion for a new
trial on a case or bill of exceptions, and an appli-
cation for judgment on a special verdict or a ver-
dict taken subject to the opinion of the court,
shall be heard in the first instance at a general
term. That writs and process issued out of the
court may be tested in the name of any justice of
the court. That any final judgment, order, or de-
cree of the court may he reexamined and reversed
or affirmed m the Supieme Court of the United
States, upon writ of enor or appeal, in the same
cases and in like manner as is now provided by
law in reference to the final judgments, orders,
and decrees of the circuit court of the United States
for the District of Columbia. That appeals may
be made fiotn the judgments of justices of the
peace to the court in like manner and in the same
cafes in which such appeals are now allowed to
the circuit court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Such appeals to be heard and
decided at a special term.
The bill futther enacts that all writs and pro-
ceedings which, at tbe time this act takes efYcct,
shall be pending m any of the courts hereby abol-
ished shall be transferred to the couita to be es-
tablished under this act, and may be prosecuted
therein with tbe same effect as they might have
been in the court in which the same wore com-
