544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
I must confess, after a man lias obtained a judg-
ment, which is a debt, I somewhat doubt the au-
thority of Congress to say that he shall not collect
that debt; that he shall never have an execution, or
instituteany proceeding upon it. I think that might
be questioned; and certainly it is much more ques-
tionable than whether you may not by these tacts
constitute a defense that shall prevent the obtain-
ing of the judgment.
Mr, DAVIS. Only a word in reply, The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois will cxcuse me for
saying—I do not intend the least personal disre-
spect to him—that if he had made the proposition
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, it would have
excited no surprise; it would have been expected
from his course heretofore in relation to the Ad-
ministration and measures to carry on the war;
and it would have all come very properly and in
character; bu t that the Senator from Pennsylvania,
after his enlightened and conservative course as
a Senator of the United States, by which he so
much commended himself to the confidence, love,
and affection of the American people during the
last session of Congress, should get up here and
make such a proposition, did excite surprise, in-
*deed, with me.
The point I complain of is that the proposition
of the Senator from Pennsylvania should make
such a great departure from the common-law prin-
ciple of probable caus£,and should embody as
probable cause, and direct a court peremptorily so
to instruct a jury, matter which ought never to be
probable causc, nor even palliation in the amount
of damages which a jury would assess in a case
of that kind. «
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and for the vei y reasons which are
urged against it by the Senator from Kentucky
and the Senator from Delaware. As has been
remarked by the Senator from Kentucky, tnir,
amendment carries upon its face the assumption
that in a season of war the President of ihe Uni-
ted States has the right to make miiitaiy arrests
and to take poisons into custody, and detain them
temporarily, who have made themselves sus-
pected of having carried on improper intercourse
with the enemy, or who have rendered aid and
assistance to the enemy, or are aiming to do so.
I believe this power on the part of the President,
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, is a consti-
tutional power, one which is indispensable to the
proper conduct of the war; one which is as ne-
cessary to that end as the use of guns, bay-
onets, swords, and cannon, or any other imple-
ments of wai are to the Army and Navy. 1 put
it upon the ground that it pertains to th«i war-con-
ducting power, existing solely and only dm nig a
season of war, and not pertcunmg at all to a slate
of peace. Sir, is ihe idea to be tolerated 
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator wnl allow
me to ask him a question, ! desire to know
whether that ss expressed in the amendment or
not >
Mr. HOWARD. I said 1 thought it fairly im-
plied upon the face of the amendment, from the
language itself. I may be mistaken about that;
but i think it is fairly implied by the language.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask whether this
is not a general term in the amendment; and
whether it would not apply to nil cases where
the President had given an older, or where the
authority was exorcised in the name of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that it ap-
plies to all such cases. Piobabiy it does, becausc
it is probable that no case of an est 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then it will be exercised
independent of his rights under the svar-makmo-
power.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand it to apply to
a state of war. 1 understand the whole bill to
apply to a state of war, to vu, the present rebel-
lion. J think so.
Mr. President, is the id"a to be tolerated for a
moment that if this country were invaded by a
foreign foe; if we had in our midst half a million
of armed men as invadeis who were making- their
progress into and through the country for the pur-
pose of conquest and subjugation, and there were
in our midst a portion of oar own fellow-citizens
who warmly sympathized with the invaders, and ;
a large portion of whom were m correspondence ^
with him, rendering him aid and comfoit, giving
him information here and'ftfftiighitfg &%ms there;
furnishing money or any other fa&i'lteyUo enable
him to carry on the war sucdfes&ftirtty on his part;
I ask you, sir, whether the ide&: Ps-'tlo'ibe tolerated
for a moment that the commander in the field, if he
were but a colonel, or if he were the commander of
a department, or much more, if he were the Presi-
dent of the United States, actingas Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, would have no power at all
to seize upon and detain the persons thus aiding
and assisting the foreign invader? Will the Sen-
ator from Delaware"undertake to asset t here and
before the country, that no such power would
exist on the part of a military commander in the
field in case of a foreign invasion ? Will he take
upon himself, as an American Senator, as a pa-
triot, as a friend of his Government and ins coun-
try, the responsibility of saying that in such an
exigency the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
would be entirely destitute of constitutional au-
thority to seize upon a citizen of the country who
was carrying on a correspondence, or under rea-
sonable suspicion of carrying on a correspond-
ence for the purpose of aiding and assisting the
enemy? I fancy he would sing a very different
song on such occasions. I fancy, if he had a spark
of patriotism in his soul, that he would be among
the first to proclaim to the world that it was not
only the right but the duty of the commandcr in
the field to seize upon eveiy such petson and con-
fine him at least until the close of the war.
What is the difference between a foreign inva-
sion and the present civil war? This war is no
less a war because'it is a civil war. It is subject
to the some regulations; it is subject to the same
rules and the same powersand duties as ifit were
a foreign war; and gentlemen will find it vain, let
them lansack the books upon the subject as much
as they may. to diaw any practical distinction be-
tween the case of a foreign war and the ease of a
civil war like the present. As i remarked before,
I believe thai the Piehident of the United States
has this authority. Jt is possible that he may
abuse it. All power may be abused . It is, how-
ever, no reason mat a power should not be eon-
ceded to an officer because he may abuse it. Men
are frail; they aie liable to abuse p«wer and to
abuse trusts in all the relations of human life ; but it
dues not fullow from this liability that the power
or the trust does not belong to tin m.
Holding thrj to be the constitutional right and
duty of the Piesident, I am eutiiely willing to say
that wherever a par ty sued and pi os-ecuted for any
wiong alleged to have been committed under any
of the President's commands, or by any officer
acting under his commands, shall set up that
authority, and shall show to the court and jury
that he has acted in good faith, and that there was
p'obable cause for his making the arrest and de-
taining the party, it shall stand to serve him as a
ii'ood and perfect bar to the action. It is nothing
but simple justice. It the President has the nsh't
to do the tiling, certainly the p.irty sued ought to
have it in Ins power to avail himself of that pro-
tection .
Sir, I shall not sit here quietly under these
perpetual, ill-natured, and stormy denunciations
agamsf the President of the. United States from
persons who set themselves up to be the infallible
judgts of the Constitution, and who, pharisaic-
ally assuming to be the final judges of the meaning
and intent of the instrument, take it upon them-
selves to denounce all who differ from them in
opinion as guilty of moral perjury, or as aiming
to subvert the Constitution. 1 huil back these
noisy, windy imputations, and say to those gen-
tlemen that 1 profess for myself to be able to form
an opinion on these subjects, and I shall not con-
cede to them one iyta of right which I think fairly
pertains to myself. I hold myself to be as capable
of jud-ring these questions of law as the Senator
from Delaware or the Senator from Kentucky;
and i think, sir, if they go before tiie people, on
whos" hriialfand account they seem to have given
themselves so much labor in making these noisy
speeches, and ask them whether m their judgment
PicsKient Lincoln has abused this power, or
vviietiier it docs not fan ly pertain to him as one of
the necessary incidents of the war power, they wiU
get a much iuudn response than they imagine they
got at the last election.
Yes, sir, let these speeches go to the country;
I have no objection. I have before this not only
heard, but read, a great amount of ppeoches made
purely for buncombe. I know what they are worth;
and I fancy these Senators are just about as good
judges of the value of that sort ol literary prop-
erty as I am.
i desire, however, to say, in all soberness and
kindness, to these gentlemen, that in my humble
judgment they are doing to the cause of their coun-
try a most grievous wrong by talking in this man-
ner and permitting their lemarks to go to the coun-
try, and even into the Ai my, creatine: there the
impression that the Commander-in-Chief is not
only usurping powers that do not belong to him
under the Constitution, but seeking to subvert the
Constitution and the liberties ot the people. The
effect of these speeches has already, in my judg-
ment,produced most unhappy effects in the Ai my.
Yes, sir, even in the Army it has produced, and
is to-day producing, aspint ofinsubordination and
even of mutiny, which, if not checked by tho
strong and honestarm of power, may bring about
results most disastrous to us and to the nation
itself.
I desire to call the attention of these gentlemen
to the mischievous consequences which must in-
evitably flow from thcirarguments on this subject
in the Senate. Do they desire to create a mutiny
in the Aimy bv teaching to the soldieis that the
Commandei-in-Chief is transcending his author-
ity under the Constitution^and seeking to subvert
the Government? Does my friend from Kentucky
intend to inspire them with any such idea ? I can-
not, 1 will nor believe it. I believe his soul to be
that of a patriot, and that he would sacrifice any-
thing upon earth to save the Government and give
success to the cause of the loyal States. 1 appeal
equally to the Senator from Delaware, whether he
does not see and feel that this style of declamation
in which he has indulged may have and has had
seriously injurious effects upon the Army.
Mr. SAULSBURV. Without interrupting tho
course of the Senator's remarks, I should like to
ask him a question.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. S-\ CJLSHURY. Delaware has two Sen-
ator? on this fiooi: to which of them does the
Senator from Michigan allude?
Mi. HOWARD. I refer to the gentleman now
addressing the Chair.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well. When the
gentleman gets through, 1 shall respond to his
question.
Mi. HOWARD. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Pennsylvania seems to me to he
entirely reasonable and just; for it is, in its essence,
nothing more nor less than the ordinary privilege
granted bv the law to every officer of the law who
is sued for a trespass or false imprisonment; that
is, to introduce the power under which he acted,
and show that he had not willfully transcended
ins authority; that he had acted in good faith, and
that there was good cause for making the airest.
Mi. Piesulem, the piesent bill docs not, in my
judgment, in any way involve the question as to
the pow< r of the President of the United States to
suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus.
But while 1 am up i beg to be indulged in saying
that I believe, from the very nature of the power
to suspend the privilege of that great writ, that
the {unction of suspending it necessarily pertains
to the Executive of the United States, i hold that
lie, and he only, possesses that power, and that
Congress have no authority whatevei to inter-
meddle with the subject. The power, as granted
by the Constitution, is in itself a military power;
for it can be exercised only in cases of war; that
is, rebellion or invasion. Neither Congress nor
the Executive, nor any other authoiity in this
country, can suspend the privilege of that writ in
any other cases except the two I have mentioned;
and they are cases simply of war. I shall not
enlarge upon this subject further than to say that
1 have read with gn at pleasure the opinion given
by the present Attorney General of the United
States upon n, and I think he has vindicated the
powei of tiie President in this respect most tri-
umphantly.
Mr. President, I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As preliminary to what
i have to say, Mr. President, I wish to assure the
Senator from Michigan that i neither " hurl"any-
thing to gentlemen on the other side, nor do I re-
ceive m this Chamber anything *' hurled'* from
that side to mo. As the Senator of a sovereign
