THE CONGKESSIONAI GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P.- C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Sessiox.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 29,1863.
New Series... .No. 35.
?
State, I have the right to express my opinions on
this floor in reference to the action of the Execu-
tive, m reference to the action of Congress, in
reference to the action of any department of this
Government, without consulting any Senator from
any other State, or anybody on the face of this
reen earth. In expressing my honest sentiments,
_ try to do it in a becoming manner, in a manner
that comports with the character of a gentleman
in the first place, and in a manner that comports
with the character of a representative of a sover-
eign State. I " hurl" nothing, and I receive no
hurling shaft aimed at me. If there is to be any
"hurling" done, there are other places where
" hurhngs" are to be sent and to be received, not
here.
Mr. President, the bill under consideration is
one attempting to grant indemnity to the Pres-
ident and those who have acted under his author-
ity in doing certain acts. The question before the
Senate is whether it is proper that the Senate of
the United States should deliberately express their
judgment of approval of the provisions of this bill.
The Senator from Michigan thinks that the bill
is perfectly proper; that it ought to pass. Well,
sir, he is a Senator on this floor, he is the repre-
sentative of a sovereign State, and he has a right,
as an independent Senator, to express his approval
of the piovisions of the bill, and to advocate its
passage. I do not know any difference, under the
Constitution and Government of my country, be-
tween the State of Michigan and the State of Del-
aware in reference to political rights and privileges
on this floor. I hud supposed that the represent-
atives of Delaware on this floor had the same
right to protest against the passage of a bill that
the representatives of the State of Michigan had
to advocate the passage of such a bill. If the
attempt is made here to draw an invidious dis-
tinction; if it is claimed that the great and grow-
ing State of Michigan has a right to use a poten-
tial voice in the legislation of the country which
is denied to the representatives of my State, all 1
can say to the Senator from Michigan is this: 1
claim that my State has an equal right upon the
floor of the Senate that his State has, no more,
no less; and while he i1* free hi the utterance ot
his sentiments in reference to administrative pol-
icy, I should be unmindful of my own manhood
and that which becomes the dignity ot my Statu,
if I did not say that that State, by whoso act his
State had the privilege of becoming a member of
this Confederacy, has at least an equal right on
this floor. When the Constitution of the United
States was submitted to the several States for their
ratification, his State—and I rejoice as much as
he does in its growing wealth and power—was a
waste, a howling wilderness. His State obtained
the privilege of becoming a member of this Con-
federacy because the little State of Delaware —
feeble, it is true, in numerical strength, hut not
feeble in the manhood of her sons—chose to give
it the privilege of entering into this glorious Con-
federacy. Sir, what does the history of this coun-
try show? That the States which would nevei
have been members of this Confederacy had it not
been for the action of the States ot Dekuvaie,
Maryland, Virginia, Nortb-Carohna, South Car-
olina, and Georgia, now rise up to rebuke the
sentiment of those States, and to rebuke the utter-
ances of their representatives, because they will
not yield obedienceand submission to these new-
fangled doctrines which they seek to interpolate
into thenational creed and the national taith.
Mr. President. I have made these remarks with
no spirit of personal unkmdncss to the Senator
from Michigan, but m accordance with a sense of
justice to myself and to my people, and as respons-
ive to what he said in reference to the remarks l
made when I last addressed the Senate. Hut I
will say to that Senator, and I will say to the
country, that had the principles which governed
the men of Delaware, of Virginia, of Maryland,
and the other States that originally entered into
the compart of confederation been observed, we
should have had none of these present troubles.
While Washington, the elder Adams, Jeuerson,
8f>
Madison, Monroe, and the great founders of this
Government lived, we got along most harmoni-
ously together. They lecognized the true prin-
ciples upon which the Government was founded;
that it was a Government of the people of the
States that were equal in their utterances upon
great national questions. Since they departed,
new States have come into the Union; and among
the rest Michigan, which is now a great State, and
has a large population, has eclipsed 111 the race of
emigration some of the old States, like the little
State of Delaware, the State of Maryland, and
others; and they have set themselves up as a kind
of dictators as to the policy that should bo pur-
sued in the Administration of the Government.
Their theory seems to be that a mere popular ma-
jority, the expression of a popular will, is to de-
termine the rights of the people under this Govern-
ment; that if a majority of the people say so and
so, then that is right, and any appeal from that
decision is treason against the Government of the
United States.
Mr. HOWARD, (in his seat.) As " flat burg-
lary as was ever committed."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did not hear the Sena-
tor. The Senator will pardon me. What { can-
not hear I pass by as not having been uttered.
Sir, the men of Delaware have not been taught
in such a school as that. They have been taught
to believe that thus Union was formed by sover-
eign States, the people of those sovereign States
acting for their States; that the States are the par-
ties to this compact; and that you have got no
such people as the people of the Umted States.
You have got the people of the State ot Dela-
ware; you have got the people of the State of
Michigan, of New Hampshire, of Rhode Island,
of Virginia, of North Carolina; but such a thing
as the people of the United States, as a quasi po-
litical body, is a political heresy, that never en-
tered into the minds of the founders of this Gov-
ernment. The numerical majority in Michigan,
or it) New Yoik, or in other States, does not de-
termine the rights of the people of the State of
Delaware. . .
1 could quote very high authority on this floor,
if 1 chose to do so, on this subject. Although a
very young man at the time, I recoiloct that thei e
was a struggle at one time in the State ot Maiy-
land whether the Eastern Shore should secede
from the restof the State, and form a union witfc
the people of the State of Delaware, and that the
peninsula should become one State. I remembei,
and it will be found in the debates in the consti-
tutional convention of Maiyland, that a distin-
guished Senatoi now upon this floor, with whom,
however, 1 have not the plensuie of a personal
acquaintance, and who has but recently entered
the Senate, maintained the doctrine, and brought
forward a resolution in that contention that the
people of the Eastern Shore had a right to sepa-
rate themselves from the Western Shore.
Mr. HICKS. With a submission of the ques-
tion to the people.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 will put this matter
so plain that the gentleman cannot misunderstand
me before 1 get through. He offered that lesolu-
Hon in that con ven ti on, not because ho doubted the
i ir-ht, but only to silence objection to it; because,
as?he said in that debate, it was an inherent light
of any people to separate themselves from an-
other people when they found the form of govern-
ment did not suit their convenience or their inter-
ests. Does the gentleman deny that proposition r
Mr. HICKS. I do deny the principle of in-
herent light. 1 only submitted the resolution with
a view of cat i ymg it to the people, that the peo-
ple might pass upon it. It was to be done entirely
by a vote of the people. I did not, however, bring
a copy of the debates of the convention with me.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have not the debates
here now; but 1 will bring them here, and show
the gentleman his own declarations on that sub-
ject.
Now, sir, that was going further than l have
o-one. I know that the present Piesident of the
United .Stall's, Mi. Lint oln, when he was a mem-
ber of Congress, advocated the doctrine that anx<
portion of the people had a right at any time, any*
where, whenever they chose, to set u-p forvthem 
selves, and withdraw themselves from any, <sor*~
nection with any existing Government.' The
report of the speech of the Senator from -
land is found in the debates of the convention; but
I wish to do him no injustice; and that I may not
do so, I shall bring the proceedings of that con7
vention into the Senate hereafter.
But, sir, this may be a digression. Allow me
to say, however, that the great fundamental error
on which we have started, and on which we seeto
to be progressing, is, that this Government, fro TO
the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the Lakes of the
North to the Gulf of the South, is one great con-
solidated Government; that the opinion of a m&r
jority of the people determines what shall be con-
stitutional law; and when that expression of opin-
ion is attained, everybody else is bound to submit
to it. I dissent from any such opinion. Thisja
no Government of the people of the United States
acting as n quasi political body; but it is a Gov-
ernment of the people of the States acting in their
separate State capacity and agreeing to what shall
be or what shall not be. That is the fundamental
error on which we started. The error of these
southern gentlemen has been this. That being
the true theory of government, they thought when
they entered into a compact or agreement and
they considered it was violated, they had a right
to stop the whole machinery ofgovernment. That
was a mistake. When they undertook to do that
they appealed to one tribunal,and toone tribunal
alone—-the revolutionary tribunal—not the consti-
tutional mode of adjusting any such difference.
That is the reason why 1 have always opposed,
as I now oppose, the doctrine of secession. I do
not believe that any State has a right, under the
Constitution, to secede from the Union; but I be-
lieve, in the language of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, that when the causes are sufficient, the
people have a right to assert their independence,
and to assert it by force of arms if necessary. ^
Well, sir, we find ourselves in this position, with
the States disagreeing. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, as I understood him, said he wanted to
marshal the hosts of the united North on one side,
and he would not express an opinion for fear it
rrnght divide the counsels of the North. I do not
belong to the North. I am not a northern Sena-
tor, and do not wish to be considered one. If geo-
graphical position, taste, inclination, my habits of
life, and everything else are to be considered, I
choose ratherto be considered as a southern Sena-
tor, because I am a southern man; and I believe
that slavery as it exists in this country is right,
justified by the laws ofGod and man,and I would
not abolish it upon one foot of soil where it now
exists. I would not force it upon any people. If
it did not exist in a country I would not carry it
there; but existing here, wheiever it does exist—
it may be a kind of political sin or a religious sin
to utter the sentiment on the floor of the Senate—
but existing where it does, i would perpetuate
and guard it. While 1 live, although we have
scarcely any of this class ot people m my State,
I would keep my State a slaveholdmg State now
and forever. I thank God that 1 never had an an-
cestor who was not a slaveholder, arid I am one
myself, and intend to be one while 1 live. If any
puritanical preacher, not ot the gospel of Jesus
Christ,butof thatgospel which springs from hell,
says that that is not religion, let him utter his "bull
I against the comet.'' Air. Lincoln recently said
an emancipation proclamation issued by him
won Id have the same effect as the Pope s bull
against the comet. ,
Sir, I think the great fault of the times, and the
gieat fault of the public men in this country, i*
not speaking out just what they feel and how they
feel and how they think. It seems now that a
man to be in good odor with what they ca I the
northern confederacy, to which I do not belong,
to which I never wish to belong-——
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Nobody
calls it a northern confederacy.
