Mb congressional globe.
March 2,
in that State; and while I would say that
tfo man ought to attempt to avail himself of any
privilege under the Constitution of the United
States who is not ready to support the Constitu-
tion and Government of the United States, yet 1
(Jo say. that prescribing an oath which the consti-
tution and laws of the State do not require is
making a requirement prohibited by the Consti-
tution.
Mr. DAWES. { agree exactly with the gen-
tleftian. The only difference is that I express the
Idea irv certain words, and the gentleman chooses
to express the same idea in other words. The
Bill does not add to the qualifications of the voters
at all. ) do not claim that Congress can add to
or take from the qualification of the voter. 1
merely ask that he shall be a loyal citizen; that
He shall be willing to support the Constitution of
the United States. That is all the bill requires
of him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Massachusetts certainly does not deny that
if the voter is by act of Congress disqualified from
voting if he refuses to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, while neither
the constitution nor laws uf Louisiana make any
such requirement, we undertake lo do by law what
the Constitution of the United States forbids.
There is another point to which 1 wish to call
the attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I think tins section of the bill ought to be
stricken out, and for this reason: the person who
is elected as a Representative to this House must,
before he can take his seat here, take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
This is to a certain extent a guarantee of the loy-
alty of the voter, and it is the only one that we
can have under the Constitution of the United
States. If any man presents himself for admis-
sion to thn House who is avdisloynl man, it would
be the right and duty of the Llou^e to refuse him
admission, or to expel him if admitted; but 1 do
insist that neither on the ground of military ne-
cessity nor legislative necessity should this House
undertake deliberately to establish a qualification
of the clcctive franchise in any of the several
States.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman mu«t recollect
that in most of the States, or at least in some of
them, when the right, of an elector to vote is chal-
lenged, he is required to take certain oaths or to
produce certain evidence.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is uqualifiea-
tion prescribed by State constitution, and entirely
proper. But I put this question: t here is one State
at least in the West whose constitution prescribes
that no man of African descentslndl be an elector.
Now, my question is whether Congtess would
have the tight lo pieseribe that men shall vote in
that State without regard to color?
Mr. DAWKS. Certainly not.
Mr. VALLANDlGHAM. ThenCongresshas
no right to pass this bill.
Mr. DAWES. There is no such provision in
this bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is the effect
ofone section of this hill.
Mr. DAWKS. There is no such provision in
the bill. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STILKS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 21, nays 89: as follows:
YE \S—Willnun Allen, Atieotin, HirhUc, Corn-
inif, Uwjlish. Johnson, Law,Lazoar, Mav, Moiris,
Notion, Niisrni, i'enilictrm, iVny, Kobnwn, £5lnel, Val-
lamiiiilt-i!)), Voorho<"«, WiinU Chilton A. White, Wiekliffc,
Wood, and WoociiuO'— M
XA VS— .We-^is. Arnold, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Baxter,
Bcatnan, BiiJirh.un, Jacob B. Blair, nfake, William <>.
Brown, Butnnton, Campbell, ('.wy, Chnmhetlain, rifin-
eut^. (\>ltiix, Frcdenok A. Conkhtii*, Roscoo Couklmg,
(.'ravens, Cullor. Oavi-., Dawes. Duiilrip, Dunn, Kliol,Klv,
Ki'iiton, HamiU'l (J. I'Y-i,-.en.lon, Thorns A. 1  Fo^oiiden,
Francliot. Fiank, Goodwin. (Jmh-r, (iurley, Ilaiin, Ilai^ht,
Jlaie, Ijai liny, Ilairwin. Holm.m, llnti-lmw, Ktiley, Fian-
ei-. \V Kt'lloi;^, Wiil'am LanMnu, L< aiv. Loojms
Low. McJi'dof. M',K. i<rht, "Mar-ton, Mavuaitl,
Menzio, Mitchell. Mooihcad, Ju-tin t Moinll, lVi.xon,
Puton Timothy G. IMwlp-. i'lkc, Foisi'Tov, i'otiei, Alex-
a.t'l i I!. iJn-e, John II Lid ward Ji. Rollins, Saiqont,
>"> iijju'ii'k, Shanks  Sheiln:li|, Shyllnbais^er, Shei man,
Steven-;, Stiauon, Benjamin r. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Wyefe, Wadsworth,
Walker, Wallace, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.White,
Wilson, Windom, Worcester, and Yeaman—89.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that Mr.
Train was detained from the House by sickness.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mnin question ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Babbitt, Baily, Baker,
Baxter, Bcatnan, Bingham, Jacob 1). Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Wiiiiam G Btowu, Buffinton, Calvert, Campbell,
(.'a^ev, Chamberlain, Olaik, Clements, Colfax, Fiedonck
A. Conklmg, Ktvjcoe Conkhng, Cravens, Crisfteld, Cutler,
Davw Dawo*, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Samuel O. Fe^&enden, Thomas A. I). Fess&enden,
Fianehot, Fiank, Goodwin, Granger, Gridei, Guiley, Uahn,
(Iaight, Tlalo, Hauling, Uaiu.son, Uolman, Ilorton, Hutch-
ins, Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, William Krllo<™, Lans-
ing, Lemy, Lehman, Loonus, Low, Melndoe, McKean,
IMcIviliglit, MePhe^on, Mallory, Mar&ton, Maynard, Men-
ziea, Mitchell, Monrhead, Ju-,tm S. MmnlljNixon, Patton,
Timothy G. Phelps Pike, l'omeroy, Poiler, Alexander 11.
Riee, John !1 Kice, Edward IT. Rollins, Saigent,Sedgvviek,
Shank-', Sheffield, Sbellabargfi, Sherman,Sloan, Stevens
Smitten, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Van Uoin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Veiree,
WadMVOith, Walker, Wallace, Wa-hbuine, Wheeler,
Whalev, Albeit S. White, Wilson, WoieeM.er, and Yea-
mati—101.
NAYS—Messrs. William Alien, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddlc, (.'onvvay, Fouke, Johnson, Knapp, Law,
La^ear, !May, Noble, Noiton, Nugen, Pendleton, Peny,
Pnee, Ilobiii-on, Shiel, William G. Steele, Sub's Vallan-
digliam. Vooihees, Waul, C'lnlton A. White, Wood, and
Woodintr—'27.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to amend the title of the
bill by adding thewords "and Louisiana;" and on
thnt motion demanded the prexious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the, bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be hud upon the table.
The latter motion waa agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, i call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is to pro-
ceed witii the business on the Speaker's table.
ASSISTANT TREASURER OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKELt had before the House Senate
bill No. 526, to authoiize the appointment of an
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, and to
fix the pay of the Tieustuer, theAssistant Treas-
urer, clerks, and messcn^eis in the office of the
Treasurer; which wa.s read a first and second time.
Mr. KENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. 1 make the point of
ordei that as the bill makes an appropriation, it
must have its first consideration m the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rule
which lequires the bill to have its first consider-
ation in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Ui lion.
On a division, there were—ayes seventy-six,
noes not counted.
Mr. F. A. COCKLING. I withdraw my point
of order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oulcied.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mi. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
j which the bill was passed; and also moved that
i the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
j ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
I rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled the following bills and res-
olutions; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 726) granting a pension to
Frances H. Piummer, widow of the late Brigadier
General Joseph B. Piummer, of the United States
Army;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 63) providing for
the distribution of certain public books and doc-
uments;
An act (H. R. No. 659) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government;
An act (H. R.jSTo. 708) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1864, and for other purposes;
An act (II. R. No 731) making appropriations
for the currentand contingentexpenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with vaiious Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1864;
An act (H. R. No. 365) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts;"
An act (H. R. No. 468) to extend the charter
of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 208) granting lands to the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid m the construc-
tion of a military road from Fort Wilkins, Cop-
per Harbor, Keewenaw county, in the State of
Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green bay, in the
State of Wisconsin;
Joint resolution (S. No. 131) to facilitate the
payment of sick and wounded soldiers in the hos-
pitals and convalescent camps;
An act (S. No. 494) to give greater efficiency
to the judicial system of the United States;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) in relation to
telegraph companies in the Distiict of Columbia;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 153) authorizing
the adjustment of the accounts of Z. B. Caverly,
late secretary of legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) relative to the
claim of W. Maxwell Wood; and
An act (C. C. No. Ill) for the relief of 0. B.
and Oliver S. Latham.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate (No. 483) to establish the
gauge of the Paeifie, railroad and its branches;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the previous ques-
tion,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oulered; and under the opeiation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third leading,
and it was i ead the tliiid time, and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LINJE OFFICERS UNITED STATICS NAVY.
The next bill in order upon the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate (No. 424) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and equalize the
grade of line officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July 18, 1862; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that that bill be
informally passed over for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
CIRCUIT COURTS IX CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
The next bill taken up was bill of the Senate
(No. 548) to provide ciiciut courts for the dis-
tricts of California and Oregon, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. W1LSON demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO KANSAS.
The next bill taken up was bill of the Senate
(No. 435) for a grant of lands to the State of Kan-
