546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
. Mr. S AULSBURY. Sir, it may be in bad odor
to utter such sentiments as these in such a pres-
ence? but whether in good or bad odor, they are
my honeetsentiments, and no consideration other
than that of the discharge of my honest duty shall
keep me from their utterance. I do not want any
northern confederacy or any southern confeder-
acy. I should like to see the Union restored as
it was, the people Jiving under a common Con-
stitution, obeying a common law,united, happy,
prosperous, and free. If, however, it be the ob-
ject of this Administration, as present circum-
stances indicate, to force a separation and to battle
for a boundary, 1 want to say to them very dis-
tinctly that the people of my State—and when I
speak of the people of my State, of course I speak
ef those whose views coincide with mine, because
I know there are a great many in my State who
differ with me, but 1 think they are in the minority
—the people of my State mean, if you intend to
force a separation, to have an honest expression
of opinion as to where our lot shall be cast. We
do not intend to be drawn at your chariot wheels
wherever you choose to carry us. We are for the
Union as our fathers made it, and on the principles
upon which our fathers established it; but the
moment you intervene and say you will have a
confederacy all free and no slave, then we mean
to say to you, feeble as we are, we will assert
the right of our manhood, and we will choose our
own destiny. If that be treason, everybody who
chooses so to consider it may make the most of it.
• Mr. President, I have detained the Senate al-
ready too long, for I did not intend to say half so
much when I rose; but allow me, in conclusion,
to say one word. Are we not all getting wild ?
Gentlemen on the other side seem to think that
some of us on this side of the Chamber, who are
uttering our honest sentiments, are getting wild.
Are they not now going wild? Is it not time to
reverse your insane policy? Why attempt to
thwart the designs of Providence, and make an
equality between the white and black races? Is
it not a time to stop such an insane policy ? What
will be gained by it? You have had your five
hundred thousand and your million of men in
arms; you have had bloody battles; how much
nearer are you to preserving the Union, and es-
pecially, let me ask, how much nearer arc you in
preserving the constitutional rights of the people
than you were when you started ? You have met
disasters, defoat everywhere; and why? Because
Sambo has been put up as the idol of your wor-
ship; and while you keep him as your god you
will fail.
Mr. HALE. Order! sir; order!
Mr. SAULSBURY. Reduce your point of
order to writing.
Mr. HALE. I will do it m a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire will state his point of order.
Mr. HALE. The point of order is, that the
Senator accuses the Administration, or the dom-
inant party of the country, of making a god of
Sambo. [Laugh ter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Reduce it to writing. I
am ready to meet the issue. I believe it is true.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
•of the Chair, the Senator has a right to make that
allegation.
Mr. HALE. Very good; let him go on, then.
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is no kinder mem-
ber in the Senate of the United States than the
Senator from New Hampshire. I recollect when
I Was a boy reading the remarks made in the Con-
gress of the United States by that Senator. He
was then a great propagandist of this new theory
of negro equality; but I have observed since i
have been here that he has to stand a little back
in the shade, and other people, these adventurers
—no, I will not say adventurers—I mean the rep-
resentatives of new States, have come in and
utterly eclipsed him, and we never hear of the
Senator from New Hampshire now as the great
apostle of liberty.
But, sir, I think I had a right to make the dec-
laration which has been objected to. It is my
honest opinion. It may be an erroneous one. Let
me say, in conclusion, one thing which 1 think
wili commend itselfto the judgment of my friend
from New Hampshire; because I take pleasure in
saying that although a young member of the Sen-
ate, since I have been here 1 have never met any
c.ther treatment from him than that of kindness
and cordiality, and I therefore would not, under
any circumstances, say an unkind word to him;
but I wish to say one word in conclusion to the
Senator from New Hampshire and to the Senate.
When I entered this Chamber four years ago
as, perhaps, the youngest member of the body, I
found a united country extending from ocean to
ocean, and from lake to gulf. I found it bound
together by a written Constitution guaranteeing
equality of rights to the people of every State and
of every section, the happiest, greatest people on
the face of the earth. It so happens, whatever
may be our opinion as to the causes which have
led to it, that we are not so to-day. Instead of
a blissful Eden where God whispered amid the
leaves of the trees, in accents of mercy and kind-
ness and goodness and happiness, we find discord
and the deadly sound of war. A majority of the
States are here represented. Others have gone
out; and we are left to do the best we can not only
for the States that are now professedly in the
Union, but to try to bring back those that have
gone out. Let me appeal to Senators here, had
it not been for the free genius of American insti-
tutions, where is the Senator who is nowhere
who would have been in his scat to-night? Born
under other circumstances and other forms of gov-
ernment, thefc are but few of the-self-made men
of this country who could ever have wended their
way to the highest councils of the nation. I
should not have been here. I presume the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts would not have been here.
I presume a large majority that now surround me
would not have been here. But, sir, the free
genius of American institutions takes the humble
boy, struggling for fortune and for fame, by the
hand, and bids him to look to fame's bright tem-
ple that shines afar,and tells him that no earthly
object of ambition is excluded from his view; that
if he acts well his part, not only u there all the
honorlies," butthere ail thatis dignified and great
resides. We all, though we may become puffed
up by momentary vanity, in our sober moments
of reflection must admit the fact that nothing but
the free genius of American institutions has ever
admitted us into this the highest court of the na-
tion's deliberations. That being so, should we
not, in this the extremity of a nation V> fate, put
forth eveiy effort to secure these blessings not
only to ourselves but to our children hereafter?
Sir, could the great and good men who formed
this Union, and who have passed away from the
political theater of action, now look down from
their heavenly abodes upon this assembly, they
would say, forget your partisan wrangles,forget
that you are Democrats and Republicans; arouse
yourselves to the emergency of the present hour;
think who you are and whose representatives you
arc; and, in the impulses and promptings of n no-
ble manhood, act well your part in this the hour
of yourcountry'sdissolution. If we could do that,
if we could forget paity, if we could forget party
feeling, even now, dark and gloomy as is the pres-
ent hour, I think I could see once more the true
spirit and thegenius of American institutions mov-
ing the heart and prompting the actions of the rep-
resentatives of the States and the people once more.
I fancy that I could see once more the emblem of
our nation, the great American eagle, bearing aloft
in triumph the good old national flag, with no star
obscured and no stripe erased, carrying it upon
every mountain-top and in the midst of every val-
ley, proclaiming, in tones never to be forgotten,
the words of an eminent New England statesman,
"Liberty and union, now and forever, one and
inseparable."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. COWAN. On that 1 ask for the ye?s
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. COLLAMER. Let the amendment be re-
ported.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out the second section of the substitute after the
enacting clause, and insert:
That if it shall appear upon the trial of any action pro-
vided for and mentioned in the firr t section oi this act that
there was ptoi>abIe cause for the an est. imprisonment. or
other act complained of; or that in making such arrest or
imprisonment, or committing such act, the defendant acted
in good faith, tinder the authority or order of the President
of the United States, or under an act of Congress, then and
in every such case, the foregoing faets, or either of them,
shall constitute a full and complete defense to the action;
and it shall he the duty of the court trying the cause so to
instruct the jury, and that the finding mus'tbeaccoidmgiy.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY (when Mr. Arnold's name
was called) said: 1 desire to state that my col-
league has been necessarily called out. He is
very seldom absent from his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY (when his name was called)
said: As I do not intend to vote for the bill, nor
any amendment to it, I vote " nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 18, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Cowan, Dixon,
Doohttle, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Ilowairt, Lane
of Indiana, Morrill, Sumuer, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and WiHey—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Carlile, Clark. Col-
lamer, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Hicks,
King, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, J'omeroy, Saulslmry,
Sherman, Wall, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of
Missouri—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BAYARD. I have some amendments to
offer to this bill. On two of them I shall not trouble
the Senate with any remarks, but simply ask a
vote; the others will lequire an explanation. In
section two, line seven, after the word " brought,"
1 move to strike out the following words:
Or if it shall appear to said court that the defendant or
respondent conducted in good faith in making such arrest
or imprisonment, or doing such act.
Mr. President, the provision there is a novel one.
Every one is familiar with the fact that in many
laws the courts are authorized to certify to the
probable cause, which, in some eases, deprives the
party of costs, and has different effect with different
laws; but this is the first time that I have seen
any legislation in which an attempt is made to
bring in the motive of a party, or the want of bad
or malicious motive as a reason for sustaining an
illegal act. I wish to strike it out, no matter
whether the court think so or not. What is the
principle here ? It is that if a suit is brought against
a party for any act done by him under the author-
ity, or color of authority, of the President of the
United States, it can be transferred into the circuit
court. The whole machinery of the Government
in the ciicuit court, juries and all, is entirely in
the hands of the Executive, under whom the offi-
cer may be supposed to act. Whether civil or
criminal, the whole proceeding is to be conducted
there.
But the law does not rest there. The party who
brings the suit—whether he has brought it for-
merly or whether he brings it now—for an alleged
wrong, is to be subjected to a penalty if he fails
in establishing what he supposes to be his rights.
Further than that, this section comes in and says
that after the trial of all the facts and the law be-
fore this court of the United States, then not merely
the question of probable cause—which is a phrase
that a lawyer can understand, and in which judges
would be bound by a series of decisions and prece-
dents to adhere to some general principle in their
certificate—but the question of the good faith of
the agent employed, or who is the actor in the
transaction, is to enter into the question of wrong
and injury. He mav have no authority from the
President; the President may have no right to dele-
gate such an authority; the jury may find him
guilty of a trespass, and an invasion of the rights
of one of the citizens of this country; and, after
all that, then, as the amendment now stands,the
court may certify that the actor in the transaction
did it in good faith; that is, if he was not mali-
cious m the action, or believed he was doing what
was right, and there is to be no judgment, and no
execution. Why, Mr. President, how monstrous
a proposition is this! Let me illustrate it for a
moment.
Suppose an action of trespass to be brought for
actual, real loss, and the destruction of a man's
property, and he recovers the mere value of the
property destroyed; did any one ever hear that the
motive of the actor, if the wrong was done and the
trespass was committed, could prevent the right
of recovery on the part of the plaintiff to the ex-
tent of his real loss? I can understand perfectly
the proposition that the question of motive may
enter into the matter of exemplary damages, and
that you may well provide that exemplary dam-
ages shall not be rendered against a party who
acted in good faith. That commends itselfto every
man's sense of justice; but if he has done a wrong
