1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and trespassed On the rights of another, where
there is real positive substantial injury, can you
say that though the wrong is proved and is es-
tablished by the verdict of the jury, the plaintiff
shall take nothing by his verdict? That is the
principle involved in this certificate. After the
rendition of the verdict, thegood faith of the party
is to excuse him, though the act may be utterly
wrongful and the injury real and substantial to
the plaintiff. It is nothing more than the denial
ot justice; the plain, absolute denial of justice.
You cannot find a precedent for this, Mr. Presi-
dent. Honorable Senators will ascertain, if they
inquire, that this is a new invention; it is a cover
for a bill for indemnity. It means to say that no
matter how lawless the act, how utter the want of
authority, if the party acted with good motives, you
are to enter into his motives, and if he did not act
from malicious motives, no matter how great the
wrong perpetrated on the individual, and no mat-
ter haw much he lu\s suffered, the law shall give
him no damages.
Suppose a man enters my house and takes away
my propeity; he uses it, or he sends it off; and his
good fuith should be certified by the court after
the verdict of the jury in my favor. lie is not
able to establish his authority under the President;
or it may be that the court may decide that the
President could give him no such authority under
the Constitution of the United States. Then the
verdict is rendered against him for the real injury
that I have sustained and the destruction of my
property. Then the court is to come in and say,
"this man acted in good faith; he supposed he was
obeying a mandate of the Executive; he did. not
mean to do you an injury; you must bear the
loss." There is no redress for any real injury
under the laws of the United States, if only the in-
jury can be pleaded to have been done under color
of executive authority. That is the principle in-
volved in that portion of the bill which 1 move to
strike out. A certificate of probable cause is totally
a distinct thing; every lawyer understands it;
every one knows that there are precedents to guide
the action of the court in certifying or refusing to
certify to probable cause; but how is a court to
ccrtify as to the good faith of the defendant m the
action? It appeals to the indviidval prejudice of
the judge. Sir, 1 repeat, it is a denial of justice
altogether, and you had better adopt the House
bill, plainly violative as it is of the principles of the
Constitution, and undertake to pass an act of in-
demnity, than to attempt to cover it by a measure
of this kind.
I do not hope, Mr. President, I cannot hope
that my motion will prevail, because I cannot shut
my eyes to the fact that in this Chamber, now, if
a motion comes from one side of it, it may be
adopted, while if from the other, it has no possi-
ble chance either to be heard or sustained, if it has
any refejence to the political transactions of this
Government or the rights of individuals. Why,
sir, even as to this bill, what is the state of things?
In the past history of this country, this body lias
been adeliberative body. We have never adopted
the forcing system of the other House. Some-
times measures have been pressed, but always in
the end the minority have had the right and the
time to be heard. We have no previous question
here; but here on anew measure, for the first time
brought up for discussion to-day, we are pressed
to go through with it, involving a variety of addi-
tions to as well as an enlargement of the principle
of the act of 1815. We are pressed to go through
with it at a single session of the Senate, at hours
far prolonged beyond its usual hours of session.
I am aware, sir, gentlemen may tell us that the
business is to be done, and we must do it. But
they should remember that there is no factious
opposition here. Where we differ from gentle-
men, we have the right to move amendments to
bills. We have a right to dissent from the new
principles involved in bills. For my own part,
from the beginning of this matter, as I have al-
ways told you, I have never interfeied^ith the
will of the majority in the conduct of the war. L
disapprove of the war; I believe it to be a fruitless
war; I believe it will be ultimately abandoned, be-
cause it is attempting by impracticable means to
carry out an impracticable object; but knowing
that the responsibility rested with the majority,
i have never interfered, by amendment or other-
wise, to obstruct the progress of their legislation
for the purpose of carrying on the war, unless the
act was one which I believed to be in conflict with
the Constitution of the country, and rarely even
then; but in a matter like this, which involves in-
dividual rights, which in my judgment violates
great principles, if you take the whole bill th rough-
out without amendment, I cannot see it forced
through this body without at least to the best of
my ability expressing my opinions in opposition
to it.
Sir, it is a novel measure throughout, not novel
in being copied from the act of 1815, but that
act was confined to acknowledgedly constitutional
powers of the Government in relation to its cus-
tom-house affairs, its revenue affairs. No dispute
existed on that point. It was confined in its op-
erations solely to transactions of that kind. The
present bill is to cover an indefinite exercise of
power, be it constitutional or unconstitutional, on
the part of the Executive of this country. I am
opposed, sir, to legislation of that kind. It opens
a wide barrier for aggression upon the rights of
the individual citizen if it denies him the relief
which, under either the State laws or the United
States laws, he is entitled to against lawless acts
committed either against his person or his prop-
erty, and such I believe to be the effect of this
measure.
I am perfectly aware that honorable Senators
on the other side view all this differently. I heard
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania tell us
that we should all agree and not moot questions
of this kind—past differences he spoke of—dur-
ing a time of war. I say to that honorable Sen-
ator I would not moot past differences of opinion
during a time of war; but there are grave ques-
tions which have arisen during this time of war,
not merely on the question of the continuance of
the war—I leave that to the people of the country
and the majority who are responsible—but as to
the mode of its conduct, and on that point doc-
trines have been advanced which I should be false
to my own sentiments if I did not, when the
pioper occasions arise, endeavor to controvert.
We must differ, sir. It cannot be otherwise. The
people of the country are divided as to the mode
of conducting this war. Gentlemen cannot shut
their eyes to the fact. The President has assumed,
under the war power, powers that we suppose do
not belong to him, powers which, in their execu-
tion, as we believe, can never lead to any recon-
struction of the Union under this or any other
Constitution, and we should be false to our own
principles, of couisc, if we did not oppose such a
conduct of the war. For myself, sir—I speak not
for others—believing that it is impossible to estab-
lish over this continent a single government, ob-
literating the State governments, believing that
the life of this nation consists in the preservation
of the great principles of liberty which are em-
bodied m our Constitution, and not m the mere
extent of our dominion, I cannot agree with Sen-
ators who pursue unity in the place of Union,
and who w'ould be willing to sacrifice the great
principles which have come down to us from
Magna Charta, as regards the protection of the
rights of the citizen as against the aggressions of
the Government, for the mere purpose of the ex-
tent of territory. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the proposed
amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be again read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to strikeout
of the second section the words:
Or if it shall appear to said court that the defendant or
respondent conducted in good faitli in making auch arre.st
or imprisonment, or doing such act.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I am in
favor of this amendment; but while advocating the
amendment as germane to the argument, I may
be permitted to go somewhat beyond what lies in
the text of the amendment, as I do not wish to
occupy the time of the Senate in this discussion.
The idea of making the conclusion of an organ-
ized court, with a judge and a jury both acting,
subject to an appeal to the judge himself upon ex
parte testimony, to conclude that the party acted
in good faith, is asking that one shall govern thir-
teen; for,.by the organization of courts in the first
place, there is a judge and a jury of twelve acting
upon a question of fact; and after it lias been re-
solved, in a council of court and jury where the
judge presides, how the matter of f&ct stands, it
is proposed that the judge himself, upon tx paflt
testimony, may determine that all this has beetf a
mere farce. Against proceedings like this>l prb*
test as in the face of common sense. If we want
to play high games, " fantastic tricks;" if we wish
to exceed Herr Alexander or the gyrtinastsof art,
this is well; but among legislators, who undertake
to talk about and to discuss great and grave mat-
ters of legislation, this is the extreme of folly. I
think such a proposition is rather the production
of a gymnast, although it may be an intellectual
gymnast, than of a man who is master of the great
questions that belong to legislation and to law.
This is one of the gravest bills that has been
brought before the Senate; itrinvolves grave prin-
ciples. I, for myself, do not wish to charge the
Executive or his subordinates with any act per-
formed in good faith for the maintenance of the
Government; but I am unwilling to put in the
form of law on the statute-book provisions and
terms in violation of all principles and all law. I
do not intend to make a speech to the Senate, but
I wish to speak generally about this whole sub-
ject.
I regret that this bill should have been brought
before the Senate. Without this bill, there could
have been no serious inconvenience to any one,
from the President to the smallest detective m any
department of the Confederacy. Now, here is
brought forward, nominally for the purpose of
protecting them, a bill in violation of the Consti-
tution and organic law, and which, when it is
passed, will have no efficiency, for it happens to be
the fact, as thecxperience ofall men who knowany-
thing about the administration of justice teaches,
that a law in violation of fundamental law cannot
be executed or carried out as an efficient law in
any respectable tribunal. The judge upon the
bench, who has taken his oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and the State where
he may administer justice, is bound to render jus-
tice according to his understanding and judgment
of the Constitution and the law, and as he may
be informed on both.
Here is a bill which in its provisions is a clear
and palpable interpolation of legislation upon the
Constitution. The jurisdiction of the Federal
courts is defined by the Constitution. There is no
Senator in this Chamber who does not know that
beyond the authority conceded by the Constitu-
tion to the Federal courts, they have no jurisdic-
tion. There is no Senator who does not know
that we cannot concede to the Federal courts ju-
risdiction. Now,whatjurisdiction can the Federal
courts, the Supreme Court,and the circuitcourts,
entertain in cases of this kind? They can enter-
tain, so far as this matter is concerned, 41 cases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution,
the laws of the United States, and treaties made,
or which shall be made, under their authority."
Over all such cases the Federal courts have ju-
risdiction by the terms of the Constitution. So
far as those cases are concerned, we cannot confer
on them jurisdiction; they have it by force of the
Constitution. Now, let me ask Senators who un-
dertake to maintain the Constitution, whether
there is in these terms any term that can, by con-
struction, be made to mean jurisdiction in cases
where the PresidentoftheUnited States may have
ordered a particular act. Is "the order of the
President" a term of the Constitution ? Is "the
order of the President" a term of Federal law?
We may think so, for in some departments of the
Government it would seem that they have made
law; but I ask Senators whether " the order of the
President" is a term of the Constitution, or can be
such, or if " the order of the President" is a term
of statute law belonging to the two Houses of*Con-
gress, with the President concurring.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Califor-
nia will allow me to suggest that the President
claims to exercise the right of suspending the writ
of habeas corpxts by virtue of the Constitution.
That is the claim set up under the Constitution.
Now, if that question comes in controversy, will
the Senator from California deny that it may be
brought into the Federal courts?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say this, then, that
upon a case made in regard to the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, which is far different
from a question of arrest, and upon the case being
presented to the State tribunal where the charge
is made, then the inquiry should be made, doe*
