1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
United States service was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes the President, and with
the advicc and consent of the Senate, to confer
brevet rank upon such commissioned officers of
the volunteer and other forces in the United States
service as have been or may hereafter be distin-
guished by gallant actions or meritorious conduct,
which rank shall not entitle them to any increase
of pay.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
CHANGE OF STEAMERS NAME.
Bill of the Senate (No. 549) to change the name
of the steamer J. M. McGill to that of the Hope
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELIOT. That has already been provided
for. I move to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY WITH PERU.
Bill of the Senate (No. 554) to carry into effect
the convention between the United States and the
republic of Peru, signed at Lima on the 12th of
January, 1863, for the settlement of claims, was
read a first anil second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The fourth section of that bill makes an appro-
priation, and the bill must, therefore, have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is not this a bill to
carry out the provisions of a treaty?
The SPEAKER. That is the title of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the bill ought to
be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. The salary of the commis-
sioners is fixed loo high.
Mr. OLIN. I move to suspend the rule re-
quiring the bill to have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended; (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
Mr, HOLMAN. The fourth section of tho lull
fixes the salaries of these commissioners at $5,000
per annum. T think that is too high. 1 move to
strike out " $5,000" and insert " $3,000."
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONICL1NG. I would inquire how
much time will be required for these commission-
ers to complete their business ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Thatisa question which
it is impossible for me to answer.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Certainly sixty days
will suffice for the purpose.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Oh, no; it will certainly
take one year. There are a great many claims
arising out of injuries done to our whaling com-
merce.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment, and it was decided in theafilrmative
—yeas 62, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley. Ancona, Arnold,
Babbitt, liaily, Baxter, Middle, William G Hi own, Calvert,
Clement^, Cobb, Frederick A Conkhng, lto^coe Conklmg,
Conway, Onsfii-ld, I)awe<, Diinl«)>, English, Frank, Gil-
der, Hall, Ilaxitng, Harrison, Ilolman. Hutching, Johnson,
Kerrigan, Leary," MePher^on, Mallory, Mamon, May,
Menzies, Justin S Morrill,MoiiiK Noble, Norton, Fatten,
Pendleton, 1'eriy, Pike, Porter, Pnee, John II. llice. Ed-
ward H KolUns Shanks, Sliellabargcr, Smith, Stile",
Francis Thomas, Trimble, Vallawligham, Van Wyek. Yei-
reo, Wadsworih, Walker, Whalcy, Chilton A. While,
Wickliffe, Wood, and Worcester—02.
MAY3—Messrs. Aidrich, Ashley, Baker, Uimrham, Jacob
B. Blair, Samuel S. lilair, Blake, Thitfinton., Campbell,
Casey, L'hambeilain, Colfax, Oovode, Cutler, Davis, J)i-
ven, Dunn, Kdgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Thomas A I).
Fesscnden, Flander*, Fonke, Goodwin, Granger, Gnrley,
Hahn, llaight, Hale, Iforion, Julian, Kelley, William Kel-
logg. Kn.ipp, .Lehman, Low, Mavmird, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Nixon. Ohn, Timothy G. Pheip<, Pomeioy, Alex-
andei II. Kice, Robinson, Sargent, Sedgwick, fcSegai, Shef-
field, Sherman, Steven*, istiatton, lienjrmim F .""Thomas,
Trowbridge, Van Valkenhurgh, Wallace, Ward, Wa&h-
butne, Albeit H. White, and Wilson—61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MAYNARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bridges, was confined to his room by sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the bill was
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPOSITIONS FOli FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
The next bill tak"n from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill (No. 5G2) to facilitate the taking of
depositions within the United States to be used in
the courts of other countries, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. DIVEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
TJie latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF MILITARY RESERVES.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill (No. 543) to provide for the dis-
posal of certain lands therein named.
The bill authorizes and directs the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to cause to be
sold, as soon as may be, the Fort Howard and
other military reset vatious in the State of Wis-
consin.
The bill was rend a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana to withdraw that motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. It should go to that com-
mittee. The House knows nothing about it.
Mr. SLOAN. The bill only provides for the
sale of those reservations that are no longer needed
for military purposes. If the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, it will not be re-
ported back this session.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOME FOIt NEWS-BOYS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (No. 133) to grant the use
of a portion of Judiciary or Armory square for a
homefordestitute news-boys in Washington city.
The bill grants to Joseph Henry, Henry Baird,
and John W. Forney, and their successors, the
use of a portion of Judiciary square or Armory
square in the city of Washington to erect thereon
a suitable building for a home for destitute news-
boys, provided it can be done without prejudice
to the public interestsand withoutcostto theGuv-
ernment, and that the building shall be removed
whenever the Secretary of the Interior requires it.
The hill was read a first and second time.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out Armory square.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to amend by striking
out Judiciary square. I arn opposed to the erec-
tioji of temporary buildings on these public res-
ervations, and particularly on those across the
canal. I have not so much objection to buildings
on Judiciary square, if confined to the east side
of it; but 1 am opposed, and ever will be opposed,
to the crcction of buildings of a temporary char-
acter on these public reservations, buildings that
will not be temporary when once built. These
grounds were reserved as an ornament to this city
by General Washington, and should be so pre-
served.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 trust that the amendment
of my colleague will not prevail. I quite agree
with him that these squares are intended for the
ornament of the city, but 1 beg leave to say that,
in my judgment, no higher adornment can be put
on any square rod of ground within the city than
a building to furnish shelter and means of instruc-
tion to the destitute children of the District. That
is all that there is in this bill. I move the pre*
vious question on the third reading of the bill,
Mr. MORRIS. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mycolleague will excuse
me.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CALVERT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the Kble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION OF COLORED YOUTH.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill (No. 536) to incorporate an insti-
tution for the education of colored youth in the
District of Columbia.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
incorporates a body politic by the name and title
of "The Institution for the Education of Colored
Youth," to be located in the District of Colum-
bia, the objects of which are to educate and im-
prove the moral and intellectual condition of such
colored youth of the nation as may be placed under
its care and influence.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA. INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill (No. 501) for the survey and sale
of certain Indian reservations in California, and
for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time. > It
makes it the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to cause to be surveyed as soon as practicable, in
conformity with the system adopted for the sur-
vey of the public lands, certain Indian reserva-
tions in California, and to have them sold at pub-
he auction to the highest bidder.
Mr. OLIN. I have only listened to a casual
reading of the bill; but its main feature strikes
me as very extraordinary, and I would like to
hear from the gentleman who is probably familiar
with all the circumstances some reason justify-
ing the enactment of such a measure. As I un-
derstand it, it is to take all the Indian reserva-
tions in California, force the lands into market,
and sell them without delay. Now, I wish to hear
some reason in justification for this proposition.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will state very
briefly the object of this bill, and the reason why
its passage has become necessary. We have in
the northern district of California three Indian
reservations. On two of them the settlements
have encroached so much that for all the purposes
of reservation they have been useless. We have
a third reservation called Round Valley, which is
a valley of some thousand acres, surrounded by
high mountains which contain no minerals or
timber, and are valueless. A portion of that val-
ley has been set apart for an Indian reservation;
the rest of it is occupied by settlers. The settlers
are constantly having difficulties with the Indians;
and during last full it was necessary to apply to
the military authorities of the General Govern-
ment, and martial law was proclaimed over this
district of country. This bill provides for the
sale of the two reservations that have become use-
less, and for purchasing the claims of the settlers
in Round Valley, and enlarging that reservation
so as to take up the whole valley and the sur-
rounding mountains. It provides for the sole of
