THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
itariseunderthe Constitution of the United States,
or the laws of the United States, or treaties made
with foreign Powers? And then, in the first in-
stance, it is the business of the State tribunal to
determine, upon the case made, whether it is so or
not. A ease is on trial, as the Senator from Illi-
nois will understand, in a State court. The de-
fendant brings forward by affidavit, if you please,
a claim that his action has been under and by
^virtue of the exercise of Federal power; observe,
not by order of the President, but by virtue of a
law of the United States, or by virtue of a pro-
vision of the Constitution of tne United States;
and he asks that it may be transferred to the cir-
cuitcourtor thedistrictcourtof the United States,
or if it rests in final judgment, as our practice
has been, then that it may be reviewed by the
Supreme Court of the United States. That is
altogether a different question from the one sug-
gested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill requires that the
party applying for the transfer of the case shall
set forth the facts and verify them by affidavit, in
order to get the transfer; and what facts? The
fact that he has done this act under some law of
Congress, or color of authority, derived, it is true,
from the President. But the President claims to
deiive that authority from the Constitution. I do
not say whether he has the right or not. There
is a difference of opinion about that; and hence
the case goes to the United States court.
Mr. IVfcDOUGALL. Not " hence," because
the case must be made complete; the facts must
be stated that would give the President the right
to exercise the authority. Now, here it goes upon
the affirmation of the simple fact of the exercise
of authority. It doe§ not follow that the authority
exists, from the affirmation of it by the defendant.
The court must be informed that the authority
exists. Then it may be transferred; but if, on
being transferred,it should appear notto be within
the jurisdiction of the United States court, itmust
be returned to the State court. But 1 take it that
the Senator from Illinois understands the neces-
sity of maintaining intact the rights of the States.
However much the tendency to-day may he to
aggregate ail power in and about the Federal Gov-
ernment, that is a tendency, as i think he knows,
to be now resisted. There is, as I believe, suffi-
cient power in the Federal authority to maintain
this Government. Let it be exerted in its legiti-
mate form, through its legitimate channel; but I
insist that to give sanctity and authority to an
order of an executive officer, which may be either1'
right or wrong, is nothing more than sanctioning
despotism. Observe, I state my proposition ex-
actly in terms, that to giveauthority like this,and
sanction it, is nothing more than sanctioning des-
potism; for it is saying to all men in the Republic,
** if the Chief Magistrate has oiderrd this, this shall
be light, and a protection to all citizens who act
under the order, if you have probable cause to
think the Chief Magistrate has ordered this, that
shall justify you in whatever you undertake."
That is the substance, spirit, and body of the pro-
posed law.
Gentlemen who vote for such legislation dare
more than has been dared in all our fields of com-
bat. There is more involved in the proposition
now pending than belongs to common legislation.
In these days of our trial we aie making history,
we are making precedents, we are making au-
thority; and the men who dare to say, by legisla-
tion, that what the President, who is merely the
creature of popular authority, or what his first
agent, his immediate creature,or his tenth agent,
his tenth creature, may do shall be an act not re-
sponsible to justice or law—the men who propose
to legislate in that manner dare to enter upon a
mostdangerous path. This is my judgment; and
allow me to say that there is no man on th.* Sen-
ate floor who is moie in earnest in maintaining
the integrity of this entire Republic, or who will
work more faithfully for its maintenance than I
will; butl cannot understand that those departures
from fundamental iaw, this concession of power
to one branch of the Government that belongs to
all three branches of the Government, will aid us
in any of the results we hope to see accomplished.
This particular amendment is only a section of
the subject to which I wish to call the attention
of Senators. 44 If it shall appear to said court
that the defendant or respondent conducted in
good faith in making such anestor imprisonment
or doing such act, the court shall order a proper
certificate"for his discharge. Who ever heard of
legislation like this? A citizen has been wronged,
and wronged without Jaw, because the courts have
so pronounced it; but because the man did it in
good faith, according to the certificate of a person
who is not a judge of the question by any law,
(he is only presiding judge of the court,) a per-
son who can be approached by affidavits, he is to
be discharged. Itis making a mockery of justice.
I will not undertake to say that there has been
injustice in any of these arrests at the present
time. I think there has -been great injustice; I
feel well assured that there has been; but I do not
affirm that now. If wrong has been done under
our Constitution and laws, I say let the wrong-
doer, be he the highest man in the land or be he
the lowest, be responsible to the law. The Pres-
ident of the United States at the east front of the
Capitol swore to support the Constitution and
laws. Pie has assured'us many times that he
would to the best of his ability maintain the Con-
stitution and laws. I believe all he said at first,
and all that he has said since, for I believe him
to be an upright man; but if in his place of power,
in his place of authority, where he should hantlle
the aceptei with the utmost care, he has allowed
it to strike down wrongfully and unjustly the
weakest and poorest citizen of the Republic, I hold
him subject to the laws of the Republic. It should
be under our system the pride of the man who
sits first in place and first in power, that he should
first understand the laws of the Republic and his
duties, and know how not to violate them, and if
he has done so he should be as much bound to
his responsibility as if lie had violated his per-
sonal contract. This is and has been my opinion.
Otherwise how will you maintain the Constitu-
tion and our laws in their integrity? Is the man
first in office to be excused for a violation of pub-
lic law,and the poor miserable outcast of the night
to be punished; the ignorant and imbecile to be
made subject to your laws, and the violation of
them by the first man in the Republic ignored ? I
for myself say no.
Sir, 1 am not one of those who affirm of the
President that he lias done these wrongs. I am
one of those who think him a discreet and a politic
man, and I think most of these jvrongs have re-
sulted from under-administration. I, indeed, may
say that I almost know that the Chief Executive
of the nation would not do consciously a wrong.
I fear that he may not have well enough consid-
ered these things to which he has lent the sanc-
tion of his name; but I am sorry now, while advo-
cating this amendment, that it has been necessary
at this time in the Senate of the United States to
introduce a bill which means to excuse the Exec-
utive of the United Slates, sworn to support the
Constitution and the laws, for violating the Con-
stitution and the laws. There was no occasion
for this. It is a badly timed and badly thought
thing. When the time shall come that we have
to legislate to excuse the great Chief Magistrate
of this Republic for violating the Constitution and
the laws of the Republic, then we may as well say
farewell to our system now and forever.
Mr. President, I have said more than I de-
signed. I desire to say again that I think the
amendment offered is a just one, but it is alto-
gether subject to the other lemarks that I have
chosen to make, which I think just m this rela-
tion. 1 regarded it as unfortunate when I saw
this bill presented. Its title has been changed since
it was sent to the committee of the Senate. When
it was sent to us from the House of Representa-
tives it bore this title: "A bill to indemnify the
President and other persons for suspending the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus and acts done
in pursuance thereof." If the President had the
right to suspend the habeas corpus, it was his con-
stitutional and legal right. If it was not his con-
stitutional and lawful light, it was a violation of
liia power, the power with which the American
people clothed him; and I am astonished that
the representatives proper of the Administration
should have asked Congress to indemnify the Pies-
ident of the United States for a violation of his
constitutional and legal oath; for that is only a
paraphiase of the exact language of this title. It
was unjust to him, m my judgment; it was unjust
to the country, and by its very terms degrades us
as a people. I am in favor of the amendment as
an exact thing.
I wish to say further that I am opposed to this
measure in all its parts. I say it is unconstitu-
tional, because the Constitution has only given
jurisdiction to the Federal courts in certain cases;
the cases are known to every Senator on this floor;
and this bill proposes to give them jurisdiction
over a general class of cases, regardlessof the Con-
stitution. I say that, interpreting it as well as I
can, it looks like a piece of legerdemain, better to
be proposed in some of the games that are played
for entertainment, than to be played in this high
Senate of the United States, now in our grave
times of peril.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the bill
under consideration proposes to indemnify the
Presidentofthe United States, and those who have
acted under his authority, against the conse-
quences of their acts. Itassumes upon its face that
they may have done things which were illegal, and
which may require indemnity. I want to suggest
to the Senate this one fact,.as a legal proposition:
that no bill of general indemnity, as to the Presi-
dent or those acting under his authority, can have
avail here unless the provisions of that bill are
such as appropriate money to meet the conse-
quences of any illegal act on the part of the Presi-
dent or those acting under his authority. If you
mean to say that, under the extraordinary cir-
cumstances in which we are placed, the President
has thought proper to assume certain powers and
to exercise them, and that thereby, in order that
theRepublicshall suffernodetriment, he has acted
in good faith, instead of passing a bill of general
indemnity of this kind, you ought to pass a bill
makingan appropriation to meet theconsequences
of the action of the Executive, or any man acting
under his authority. For instance, suppose the
President of the United States has undertaken to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus, contrary to the
Constitution of the United States, (which, I take
it, is assumed by this bill,) and under his order
A has been wrongfully arrested; A brings a suit
against the President, or somebody acting under
Ins authority; the trial proceeds in the courts of
the State. It is proposed here to allow an appeal
from the judgment of the State courts to the Fed-
eral courts Suppose thattheie, too, judgmentis
rendered against the President, or any body exer-
cising power under him, how would you indem-
nify him; how could you indemnify him ? Only
by an appropriation ofmoneyto meet the conse-
quences of the verdict and judgment.
For myself, so far from holding the President of
the United States personally responsible in dam-
ages, I would scorn such a thing. The friends of
the President say that he has been actuated by the
most patriotic motives. If so, all 1 have to say is that
I would scorn to visit pecuniai y damages upon him
personally; but I want to suggest this to the Senate
in order that we may have it in legal form: the only
way m which you can indemnify the President of
the United States, or anybody acting under his
authority, is to make an appropriation to meet the
consequences of his act, in case that act is not to
be considered as legal. A general bill of this kind
to indemnify the Piesident amounts to nothing.
I am frank to say, sir, and I say here now in my
place asa Senator of the United States, that I would
not hold the President of the United States per-
sonally responsible m pecuniary damages. It may
be true that the President has acted in good faith,
that he has meant to do what is right. It may be
that having around him, as 1 believe he has, men
superior to him in knowledge and in wisdom, they
have advised him to this course. It may be true
thathe luispursued it honestly and conscientiously
under the advice of the men who surround him.
Do 1 want Abraham Lincoln, as a private individ-
ual, to be mulct in damages for doing that which
it may be possible that he thought, under the ad-
vice of his Cabinet, he had a right to do? No,
sir; I would not do it. Because I oppose the acts
of Abraham Lincoln, I do not therefore say that
he shall be held responsible for them in damages.
Under Ij^s surroundings, he may have thought that
he had the right to do these things; and I would
not visit upon the individual who acted as Presi-
dent of the United States pecuniary damages for
doing that which, perhaps, he thought, as a pa-
triotic man, he ought to do. But I wish to call
the mind of the Senate of the United States to the
point whether tljpy suppose that by passing a gen-
eral act, saying that all these things are right,and
that we approve them, they, therefore, become
