1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
right? ]NTot at all, sir. You have.got to be met
in the State courts, and the solemn question is,
whether the President, or those acting under hid
authority, had the right thus to act?
Sir, I will say now that, although I have in this
body characterized the acts of the Administration
as most oppressive'and tyrannical, I never for a
moment dreamed that, in so characterizing those
acts I wasstrikingat Abraham Lincoln personally.
I meant to characterize the governing motive, the
mental power, if you please, of the Administration
as thus apting tyrannically and oppressively; and I
say here, in the presence of the American Senate,
1 would not visit pecuniary damages upon Abra-
ham Lincoln. I do not suppose that man so de-
based, so utterly devoid of all character, that he
would do these lawless acts withoutconsultation.
I suppose he called around him men in whose
judgment and advice he had great confidence; and
I suppose he did these acts after consultation with
the friends of his administration. I think the acts
were clearly and palpably unconstitutional, and
every man who has engaged in the execution of
them is guilty of a tiespass, and liable to punish-
ment. Would I visit that punishment upon Mr.
Lincoln? .Not at all. But I would visit it upon
those guilty agents of executive power who have
advised a course of this kind, who have said to
him that these things are right. Mr. President,
you know how true it is that when a man is ex-
alted in a high place, lie seldom hears anything
except the voice of flattery. The solemn words
of truth never enter his ears; he is generally
told beforehand, if A, B, or C approaches you,
and whispers m your ear so and so, regard him
as an enemy of your Administration, and an en-
emy of the country." Thus has it been with Mr.
Lincoln—a weak and imbecile man; the weakest
man that 1 ever knew in a high place; for I have
seen him and conversed with him,and 1 say here,
in my place in the Senate of the United Slates,
that 1 never did see or converse with so weak and
imbecile d man as Abraham Lincoln, President of
the United States.
Mr.GRIMES. Mr. President, I desire to know
whether this line of remark is in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let the gentleman reduce
his point of order to writing.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know, I am not fa-
miliar enough with the rules of this body to know
m what terms a man is permitted to characteiize a
coordinate branch of the legislative authority of
the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chan-was not
listening to what the Senator from Delaware was
saying, and did not hear the words.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is the fault of the
Chair, and not of the Senator who was addressing
the Chair. [Laughter.]
The YJCE PRESIDENT. The Senator has no
right to allude to the other House.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Wilt the Senator from
Iowa reduce his objection to writing'
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard the remarks made
by the Senator, and I think they are clearly a vio-
lation of the rules of the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Reduce the point to writ-
ing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the worths, lie
called the President of the United States an imbe-
cile. it seems to me that is a clear violation of the
rules of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Reduce the point to writ-
ing, that we may have the judgment of the Senate
on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have stated it to the Presi-
dent of the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The rule of the Senate is
that when a remark is objected to it must be re-
duced to writing. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be reduced
to writing. |
Mr. SHERMAN. I will reduce it to writing. !
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I believe that that rule only j
applies to a cei tain class of cases when a Senator 1
is out of order. It is a matter persuifl^To him. !
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I do not make the j
point of oider: I withdraw it. I
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest to my col-;
league what is my view of what is becoming to j
the bodv, and 1 hope he will adhere to it. 1 do j
not think the Piesidentof the United Statesought |
ever to be mentioned by name in tins budy. He j
may be called by the style of his office, the Presi- I
dent of the United States. A member here has a
right to arraign his measures, and to arraign his
course. That is all perfectly justifiable; but the
individual man ought not to be named in the
Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have great respect for
the judgment of my colleague, because I was
brought up in a State where his name was poten-
tial on all questions of law; but 1 do not choose
now to yield my individual judgment either to
him or to his ancestry in this regard. I am my
own man, and 1 represent my own State as I think
I ought to do, and I do not ask my colleague or
anybody else whether I do it properly or not. 1
choose to put myself upon my right as a Senator.
I know it would be more agreeable to the kind
promptings of the hearts of all of us to refrain
from condemnation ofanyone's act. 1 know there
are members on the opposite side who would be
gratified if I would never allude to any possible
subject of difference between them and me. But,
sir, we aie not now engaged in the great contro-
versies of the past; we are engaged in the moment-
ous issues of the present, and in the great absorb-
ent issues of the future, which force themselves
upon our consideration whether we will or not;
and 1 choose—I assume the personal responsibil-
ity, the political responsibility, and every other
chaiucter of responsibility that attaches to my
action—to urruign Mr. Lincoln and his adminis-
tration, or anybody else and his administration,
and 1 do not intend to be deterred from the ex-
pression of my opinion by any blackguardism
that can be uttered on this floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is out
of ordei in attributing such language to members
of the bodv, and he will take his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. To whom, sir 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator iaout
of oidei, and under the rules of the Senate he will
be seated.
Mr. SAULSBURY. To whom did I attribute
such language, sn ? I want the point of order
decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
thai the language which the Senator used as ap-
plicable to this body was out of order, and he will
not be allowed to proceed unless permitted to do
so by the Senate.
Mr. SAULSnURY. Then, sir, I appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and upon that question
I have a right to address the Senate I said noth-
ing in reference to any Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
no ri^ht to take an appeal.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Why not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not be heard. Other Senators can take an appeal.
[A pause.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does the Chair decide tliat
I have not a rigcht to proceed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 6th rule of the
Senate is in these words:
" [1 any member in speaking, or oihei wiae, transgress the
rule- of the Senate, the Presiding Oth< et t-hall, or any mem-
ber may, e.iil to ordoi; and when a tucmhei shall i)^ called
to ouler by the President or a Senatoi. he shall hit down,
and ^hall not proceed without leave of the Senato."
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is another rule
which requires every point of order to be reduced
to writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule further
provides:
k'And every question of order shall bo decided by the
President, without debate, subject to an appeal to the Sen-
ate; and tlie PicMdeut may call Tor the sense of the Senate
on artv question of order."
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is another rule that
points of order must be reduced to writing, and
1 call for the reduction of this point of order to
writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rules
that the Senator is out of order, and is required
to take his seat.
Mr SAULSBURY. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a n«rht to appeal from the decision, and the. ques-
tion now m\ "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senater"
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggestthat that question
hod better be postponed until to-morrow, and let
us finish this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ h m the interven-
ing question. - • -* * 'l
Mr. SHERMAN, J do not think anyiSena&dr t
can doubt the correctness of the defcisitfh df
Chair. 1 think the Senator himself will voje-io-
morrow to sustain the decision of theOh&lr. * 'I
have no doubt at all &bout dhe decision the
Chair being correct; that the Senator whs oufeff
order. Therefore I th ink that it had better be post-
poned until to-morrow, and let us proceed with,
the business of the Senate. - ; '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is," Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate r'^and upon
that question the yeas and nays are requested, ■
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upon that question have
I a right to be heard ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the questioa
of ordering the yeas and nays, Senators will please
to rise.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only two
Senators rising to second the call.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I presume that on the
question of the appeal from the decision of the
Chair, I have a right to address the Chair?
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator has.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was not my intention to
say a word unbecoming what I consider to be the
rules and proprieties of this body. I only meant
to assert my individual rights as a member of this
body to characterize legislation and action in such
manner and m such terms as I thought proper;
holding myself, upon the floor of the Senate, re-
sponsible to the amenities of the Senate, and, if
I transgress them, holding myself personally re-
sponsible outside for any such transgression. I
was not aware that I did violate, I certainly did
not mean to violate, any rule of the Senate. 1
certainly did not mean to cast any personal re-
flection upon any individual member of the Sen-
ate. I think that gentlemen in the Senate know
me well enough to know that when I choose to
utter my sentiments, I do it, as becomes me,
upon my individual and personal responsibility,
holding myself, as a member of this body, ame-
nable to the Senate for any transgressions of its
rules, and holding myself, as a gentleman, ame-
nable to any lules and regulations that arc recog-
nized among honorable men for a violation of any
rule of propriety.
Upon this appeal from the decision of the Chair
I choose now to say that when I commenced this
discussion I was considering grave national ques-
tions—questions that did not pertain to individ-
uals. The thought did not enter my mind that
any individual was involved in the consequences
to result from what I said. I certainly did not
mean to cast personal imputations upon any mem-
ber of this body, upon any member of this Con-
gress, upon any private citizen of this country,
by anything I said. I was characterizing grave
national questions in the light in which I thought
they ought to be chaiaeterized, and I was holding
up to public animadversion and consideration not
individual men, but the representatives of princi-
ples, who undertake to fasten those principles
and those measures upon the people of this coun-
try as the governing political policy of the coun-
try. [ thought I was in perfect order. The thing
never occurred to me that i was violating any
rule of this body, or of any other political body,
by so doing; but, sir, if it has come to thib, that a
free American citizen, the representative of a free
sovereignty, of a free sovereign State, cannot utter
his honest sentiments without being called to
order for reflecting upon some private sentiment
of some private Senator 
Mr. D00L1TTLE. 1 call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin will state his point of order.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. My point of order is two-
fold. The Senator is speaking with disrespect
now to the Senate in saying that he cannot speak
his sentiments without being called to order. He
is called to order by the Presiding Officer of the
Senate, under the rules of the Senate. The other
point is, that he is not speaking to the question
whether the words uttered by him were or were
not in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY, (to Mr. Doouttle.) Re-
duce that pointof order to writing,under the ruUw.
