1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to-twk thatthe Journal be corrected in this respect:
that when the Chair announced that the report of
the committee of conference had been agreed to, my
colleague appealed from the decision of the Chair.
That tip peal has not been entered. I ask my col-
league if he did not appeal5 [Mr. Saulsbury went
to the seat of Mi. Bayard, and was engaged in
conversation with him.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that tlx- Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion reported from the committee 
Mr. POWELL. Is it not first in otder to con-
sider the motion to corieet the Journal?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is; ami the
Chair recognized the Senator I rom Delaware upon
that question, but infuned from Iks not repealing
the motion, after consultation with his colleague,
that he did not piess it fuither.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did not see my colleague
in at the time I rose.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to make a motion to
correct the Journal. 1 do not think it states the
facts as they occurred.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I have the
floor, 1 believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky lises to a privileged question,
which takes precedence of the motion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, :
Mr. POWELL. The Journal indicates that8
after a motion to adjourn, the vote was putupon
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference on" the bill to indemnify the President. I
do not believe that that vote cvei was put, and 1
will state the facts. I move to amend the Journal
in that respect and in two others that i will men-
tion. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Byyard]
had the iloor. He yielded the floor to me to move
an adjournment, to allow hnn to conclude hi*
speech hereafter, i madelhe motion, stating that
I did it at the instance of the Senator fiom Dela-
ware. We were about to divide upon it, when
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan) called me
to order,stating that 1 i mild not make the motion,
because there was a Senator on the floor: the Sen-
ator from Delaware was still standing. 1 staled
that the Senator from Delaware had yielded to
allow me to make a motion lo adjourn. Then the
Senator from Iowa stated that the Senator was on
the lloor, and that he must Uike his seat. There-
upon Mr. Bayard took his seat. I rose again
where I am slandtng now, in about this position,
[ni the middle aisle, neai Mr. Bayard's seat,]
and again stated to the Chair that the Senatoi
from DeluWine having yielded for that purpose, I
moved that the Senate adjourn. A count was
called for; the yeas and nays were ultimately or-
dered; and thereupon (he acting President pro
tempore ot the Senate, the Senator horn Kansas
[Mr. Pomkkoy) 
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The Chair begs
p-irdoti of tlie Senatoi to allow him, while he is
addressing the St nate, to s'gn a huge number of
enrolled bilk.
Mr. POWELL I shall wait until the Presi-
dent gets tin ough, and then I will address the
Senate, KNll0L^KD IULLS SIGNED;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions, which
had previously received the signature of the
Spenkerofthe lionse of Representatives:
A bill (S. No. -135) for a grant of lands to the
State of Kansas, m alternate sections, to aid in the
e.oii^irnction of certain railroads and telegiaphs in
tsaid Slate;
A bill (S. No. 4S3) to establish the gauge of the
Pacific railroad and its branches;
A ''ill (S. No. 526) to authorize the appoint-
ment of a:i Assistant Treasurer of the united
Sfa.es, and to fix the pay of the Treasurer, As-
sistant Treasurer, clerks, and messengers in the
orlice of the Treasurer;
A hill (S. No. 534) for the relief of Caroline T.
Ilenshaw;
A bill (S. No. 536) to incorporate the institu-
tion for the education of colored youth in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 537) to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain puichasers on the Soscol Ranch,
in the State of California;
A bill (S. No. 540) to authorize the brevttling
of volunteers and otherofficers in the United States
A bill (8. No. 543) to provide for the disposal
of certain lands therein named;
A bill (S. No. 548) to provide circuit courts for
the districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes;
A bitl (S. No. 557) to provide for issuing an
American register to the steam-vessel Maple Leaf;
A bill (S. No. 562) to facilitate the taking of dep-
ositions within the United States to be used in the
courts of other countries, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 564) to amend an act entitled
'•An act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property," approved July 22, 1861;
A hill (S. No. 565) for the removal of the Sis-
seton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wahpa-
koota hands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for
the disposition of their lands m Minnesota and
Dakota;
A joint resolution (S. No. 129) authorizing the
collection m coin of postages due on unpaid mail
matter from foreign countries;
A joint resolution (S. No. 133) to grant a por-
tion 'of Judiciary or Armory square for a home
for destitute news-boys; .
A bill (H. R. No. 226) to amend "An act to
establish a court for the investigation ot claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855;
A bill (H. R. No. 523) to promote the efficiency
of the corps of engineers and of the oidnance de-
paitment, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 501) relating to habeas corpus
and to regulate judicial proceedings in certain
casus. 1I0USE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (No. C78) to enable the district courts
of the United States to issue executions, and other
final piocess in certain cases, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
The bill (No. 779) to modify existing laws im-
posing duties on imports, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (No. 663) to establish a branch mint
of the United States in the Territory of Nevada
was lead twice by its title.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that that bill lie on
the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF THE IlAgEAS CORPUS.
Mr. POWELL. As I was about to say, after
the motion to adjourn had been decided in the neg-
ative by a vote of the Senate, the occupant of the
chair, 1 understand—E did not hear him—in a very
low and very hurried manner asked those who
were in favor of voncui ring in the report of the
committee to say " ay." I heard the ayes. I did
not hear him put the question , and I was standing
heie. The ayes weie quite numerous on that [the
Republican] side of the Chamber. It the occu-
pant of the chair asked for the noes, I did not hear
it. I do not believe he did. If he did, he cer-
tainly said it in so low a voice that 1 could not hear
from this point, [about the center of the middle
aisle.] I heard nothing that he said really, but I
was told that he did m a low, hunied voice put
the question to those m favor of concurring in the
report to say " ay." I arn told by other Sena-
tors, who were listening, that he did not ask the
noes to vote. I will not say that he did not; but
I wiU say that if he did, I did not hear it. 1 in-
stantly rose when it was announced that the bill
had passed. The Senator fiom Illinois by that
time luid got up and moved to take up some other
bill; I am not sure about the number.
Mr. WiLLEY. Mr. President ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield to the Senator trom
Ynginia?
Ah*. POWELL. 1 will yield if the Senator
wishes to ask a question.
Mi. W1LLEY. 1 desire to make a statement
injustice to the Senator occupying the chair.
AI . POWELL. Allow me to get through,-and
then you can make it. 1 rose and called the at-
tention of the Ch.ur to the fact that it was not then
in order to put the vote which had then been an-
nounced as being carried, because the Senator trom
Delaware had the floor, and he had yielded it tem-
porarily for the purpose of a motion^ to adjourn,
and was still entitled to it, I .vud, furthermore,
that I had stated distinctly, and called the attention
of the occupant of the chair to the fact, that when
I first made the motion I was called to order by
the Senator from Iowa, and then I had a second
time to state my motion. The Senator who then
occupied the chair said he did not hear me. It is
strange, indeed, that he did not. 1 was called to
order when I first made the motion to adjourn,
and called to order a second time by the Senator
from Iowa, and I announced distinctly, when I
was called to order, that I made the motion at the
instance of the Senator from Delaware, who still
had the floor. Then the Senator from Iowa called
my attention to the fact that the Senator from
Delaware was still on his feet, and the Senator
must take his seat before he could yield the floor.
At my suggestion the Senator from Delaware did
take his seat, and 1 again rose here and made the
motion distinctly, after having first stated that i
had made the motion at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
These are substantially the facts. I do not pro-
fess to give the exact words. Then, sir, the Sen-
ator from Delaware took an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. The occupant ot the chair
did not put the appeal. Then the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote. That is not entered upon the
Journal. The appeal of the Senator from Dela-
ware from the decision of the Chair is not entered
tlflre; the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
reconsider the vote is not entered there; and I
move that the Journal be corrected to conform to
the facts that I have stated.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. FOOT, (Mr. Foster in the chair.) The
Senator from Delaware will allow me a word.
Perhaps a word of explanation is due to the body
from me as its Ptesiding Officer. 1 was not occu-
pying the chair at the time, and had no cogni-
zance of the proceedings of the last hour of last
night's session.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Vermont
will allow me to suggest that 1 stated distinctly
who occupied the chair. We attach no blame to
the honorable Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FOOT. I was going to excuse my own
absence. I had occupied the chair for five con-
secutive hours in the early part of the day, and at
other times during the session of yesterday. Late
in the night, about four o'clock, feeling the neces-
sity of some rest, and assuming that probably the
Senate would be in session all the coming night, I
deemed it important that I should retire to receive
some rest,and to that end I called my friend, the
honorable Senator from Rhode Jsland, [Mr. An-
thony,] who has so often and so kindly relieved
me of the duties of the chair, to occupy it for the
time being; and leaving word with a messenger to
notify me if my presence on any occasion should
bo wanted, I retired to my room, and after having
fallen asleep the first notice I had was that the
Senate had adjourned—noLhingmore. I came to
the chief clerk of the Senate, and inquired the state
of business, and he informed me, m accordance
with the record, the Journal as read this morning.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 do not pre-
tend to know what other persons said or did; but
I can answer for myself, and to the extent to
which I did hear I think my recollection is accu-
rate. While I was discussing the bill before the
Senate, some Senator, not the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, probably fifteen or twenty min-
utes previously to the time at which 1 yielded the
floor, asked me if 1 was willing to yield the floor
for the purpose of moving an adjournment. I
said no; that I preferred closing my remarks on
the section of the bill which I was then consid-
ering, and to which my remarks were addressed;
and'after that 1 would prefer an adjournment. In
consequence of this, a short time afterwards, I
cannot recollect the exact length of time, the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky did ask me if I was
ready to yield the floor for an adjournment now.
1 said to him that I was; and at that time I had
not concluded -my remarks, but had reserved those
which related to those sections of the bill which
professed to give, I think, a very ineffectual re-
lief to persons confined without authority of law.
That was all on which I still desired to express
my opinion. I yielded the floor and remained
standing. The Senator from Kentucky made his
motion, standing close by me. All that I heard.
I recollect also, distinctly, that the honorableSen-
