1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI:
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir;I will not take my
seat unless 
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of order.
I understood that the gentleman from Delaware
was committed to the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and I see him on the floor now. I am not
aware that the order of the Chair committing him
to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms has been
discharged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands him to be in the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Ifany further disturbance arises
from the Senator from Delaware, the Chair will
order him to be removed from the Chamber. The
Secretary will proceed with the call of the roll on
the amendment of the Senator from Viiginia.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Carlile,
rowan, Haidmg, Powell, yaulsbury, Turple, Wall, and
Wilson of Mi^ouri—II.
NAYc*-—'VI fis-srs. Chandler, Clark, Collamcr, Dixon, Doo-
liltle, Fes-uMidon, Pool, Foster, Giimes, Male, Harlan, Har-
ris, Henderson. Hicks, Howard, King, Lane ofindiana.
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner. Ten
Evck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, WiJley, Wilmot, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer an amendment as a new
section:
•And be it further Enacted, That the President shall have
power, upon the application of any ofliecr or other peison
against whom any suit or prosecution desciibed in the first
section of this act ha«> been commenccd, m hi.? discretion,
and at the expense of the United States, to employ counsel
and take such other measuies as he may deem necessary
for the detent of any such suit or prosecution,
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that. I will not detain the Senate by debat-
ing it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Foot, Grimes, Ilailan. Hanis, Tlowaid,
Lane ot Indiana, Moriill, Pomeroy, Sumner, Tiutnlmll,
Wilkinson, and Wihnot—18.
NAYS—Messis. Bayard, Doohttle, FeMeendon, Foster,
Hale, Henderson, Ilicks. King, Lane of Kan*a«, I'owull,
Sherman, Ten Evek, Turpie, Wade, Wall. Willey, Wilson
of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—18.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment that I
propose as an additional section:
*dn4 be it further enacted,Thateveryoflicerof the United
States having custody of any prisoner or prisoner of State,
or political pawners, heieby dueeted to hand over im-
mediately all such persons to the judicial tubnnals hav-
ing jurisdiction of their respective ea>>e , in oidci th.it the
chaiges against .ill s,ueii persons may judicially he investi-
gated, and that they may be tried according to law. Any
officer of the United States, or any person bavins the cus-
tody of said persons, who ■-hall fail or refuse to hand over
said persons to the judicial authorities, shah be subject to
indictment for a m^demeanor, and be punished by a fine
of not less than $.)00, and imprisonment m the common
jail for a period not le^s than six month*.
I desire to say a word in explanation of the
amendment. The amendment requires all officers
of the Government who now have in charge any
person or persons who are held as State or politi-
cal prisoners, to hand them over to the judicial
tribunals for trial. It further punishes those offi-
cers who fail so to do, with fine and imprison-
ment. It is well known to the Senate that every
person who is arrested and confined without ju-
dicial process is deprived of his liberty m viola-
tion of the Constitution and laws of the country.
This amendment requires those who thus ille-
gally and unlawfully hold such persons to hand
them over to the judicial tribunals, in older that
they may be tried and acquitted or punished, as
their guilt or innocencc may appear, and imposes
the penalty of fine and imprisonmentupon ail offi-
cers who refuse to obey it. I can see no valid
objection to the amendment. I call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, insulted—yeas G, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Uarlile, Powell, Turpie, Wall,
and WiNonof >lis«.ouu—6.
NAYS—Me«?rs. Anthony. Arnold, Browning, Ohandlei,
CI,nk, Oollamer, Cowan, Dixon, iloohttie, Testenden,
Foot, Foster, fJrime^, Hale, Ilarlan, llains. Henderson.
Hicks Howard. King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas^
Mori ill, Pomeioy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—33.
So the amendment was rejected
Mr. BAYARD. I have one more amendment
to offer to this bill, and I think it is the last I shall
offer, though there are others thatmightbe offered.
It is not perhaps of great moment practically, ex-
cept that it involves a principle; and where a prin-
ciple is involved, a proposition always is of mo-
ment. I move after the word " suit,"in the seventh
line of the first section, to insert the words " here-
after commenced," so as to confine the penalty of
double costs, where theplaintiffmay be non-suited
or judgment pass against him, to cases hereafter
commenced. I cannot reconcile it to my ideas
of justice that the Congress of the United States
should impose a penalty upon a man who has in
the assertion of lus rights seen fit to commence a
suit 
Mr, COLLAMER. I wish to say that I have
no objection to that amendment, and I presume
no one will have any objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is unimportant, I think.
I have no objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In line three, of section
four, after the word " committed" I move to in-
sert the words, " or act omitted to be done," to
make it conform to an amendment already adopted.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. POWELL, I desire to propose an amend-
ment to the first scction. I wish to strike oyt after
the woid " made," in line sixty-nine down to the
word "court," in line seventy-two, inclusive.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words to be
stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
*A>ul provided also, That no such appeal or writ of error
shall be allowed in any action or prosecution where final
judsment -hall have been lendercd in favor of the defend-
ant or respondent by the State court.
Mr. POWELL. The whole tenor of the bill
seems to be in favor of defendants. The bill as
it now stands authorizes the defendant to prose-
cute an appeal after judgment; but if the muling
is in the defendant's favor, it does not allow the
plaintiff to take it up. That is certainly very un-
equal, Both parties should In. allowed the piiv-
ilege of an appeal, if either, after the finding in
the State eouit. It is manifestly discriminating
in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff in
the action. If a man, under the authority of the
President of the United States, breaks my house,
enters my premises, does violence to my person
or my liberty, and 1 bring a suit against him, and
it is tried in tiie circuit court of the count)'' where |
the offense was committed, and I get judgment,
he can take it up to the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States, and try it there de novo; but if judg-
ment is in his favoi, I am not allowed the priv-
ilege of taking it up. It is certainly manifestly
unjust and wrong, and therefore I hope it will be
stricken out, and both plaintiff and defendant
have an equal showing. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWNING. There ought to be some
amendment made in this section. The first part
of that portion of the section which relates to this
particular subject, the removal of judgment from
the State courts into the Federal courts, provides
that " either party may remove and transfer, by
appeal, such case during the term." But it subse-
quently contains the piovision which the Senator
from Kentucky proposes to strike out, " that no
such appeal or writ of ciror shall be allowed in
any action or prosecution where final judgment
shall have been rendered in favor of the defendant
or respondent." 1 think it would be mote just to
amend it m this way, winch I suggest to the Sen-
ator from JCcntueky: where it is a eml action, 1
think the right to appeal or piosecute a writ of
error ought to be mutual*, where it is a criminal
prosecution, and the finding and judgment are in
favor of the defendant, it would be unusual to al-
low an appeal or writ of error. If the clause should
be amended by sinking out the two woids " ac-
tion or," and inserting in lieu of them the word
" criminal," it would then read:
That no such appeal or writ of eiror r-hall be allowed
in any criminal pro^'c mion wlxne final judgment shall have
been rendered in favor of the defendant.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will so modify
the amendment, I will aceept it. I am confident
that in my State and others it would beqnoan&ti*
tutional to allow an appeal in a criminal ease, tf*e
constitutional provision being that no man stiaH
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb ,for the
same offense. .. '
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be recollected by au
lawyers that in carrying cases from the supreme
court of a State to the Supreme Court of tl>e Unir
ted States, where questions arise involving, the
constitutionality of 6ur laws or the construction
of a United States statute, a writ of error is only
allowed in case the decision of a State court is
against the claim. It cannot be carried tip .where
the State court recognize the claim, defense, &gv9
insisted upon under aUnited States statute. Ifa
man claims that he makes his defense under the
Constitution or the construction of a United States
statute, and the State court sustain him in it, no
writ of error can be carried up by the other side.
That is our law now; that is the twenty-fifth sec*
tion of the judiciary act. Now, this is put on pre-
cisely the same ground. When the judgment is
in favor of the defendant, where the State courts
have recognized the defense and sustained it under
the United States Constitution or law, there is no
occasion for going to the Supreme Court of the
United States. This is put upon the same founda-
tion that the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary
act stands now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Kentucky to accept
the modification to his amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, which can be accepted
by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays having
been ordered. Is tiiere any objection to the modifi-
cation ? The Chair hears none. The amendment
as modified is, after the word "any," to insert
"criminal,"so as to make the clause read," that
no such appeal or writ of error shall be allowed in
any criminal action or prosecution;"on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the question on insert-
ing the word "criminal?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a modifi-
cation of the Senator's amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Arc the yeas and nays
ordered on that ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chnir will
state that they were ordered on the amendment
as proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, and
he nas adopted as his amendment the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question wc
ate now to vote upon, if the Chair pleases?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Inserting the
word " criminal."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I reckon there is no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thecal] for the
yeas and nays may be withdrawn, if there be no
objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. The only objection is this:
if it be provided that a writ of error cannot be car-
ried up after a judgment in a man's favor in a crim-
inal case, by implication it can in a civil case be
carried up by either pai ty. If so, it is going fur-
ther than our present law, as I have already ex-
plained, although 1 care nothingabout it; I would
just as lief it should be earned up by either party.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
demand by any Senator for the yeas and nays, the
Chair will put the question on the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky, as modified on the
suggestion of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a single other amend-
ment, that I overloookcd, which 1 mean to pro-
pose; I do not know whether it will be objected
to or not. It is in the seventh line of the fourth
section, to strike out " two" and insert "three;"
so that the limitation on the n°;lH to bring an ac-
tion shall be three years instead of two years. As
the bill stands, it bears the appearance as if the
intention was to limit the bringing of actions to
wuhin the existence of the power of the present
Exeeutiveof theUnited States. The principle ia
haidly consistent with justice. A limitation of
three yems is a short one at best as applied to„ci vil
action^; and I think that it would riot be unrea-
sonable to ask that the limitation should over-
reach the term of the present Executive, so that
the parties who claim to have been wronged—
whether the fact be so or not, I pretend not now
