1863.
THE COUTtRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] called him to or-
der, on the ground that I had not taken my scat.
Then, of course, 1 yielded the floor to the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky for li e purpose of
making the motion to adjourn. Af.erwards, when
I rose again, it was said the vote had been an-
nounced. There was some noise in the Cham-
ber; I confess^! could no*, tell what its object was;
and when I rose to continue my remarks, sup-
posing that the bill was still under discussion, it
was stated that the hill had passed.
Now, sir, for my own part 1 know that these
complications perhaps arise from the excitement
of debate in deliberative bodies. My anxiety is
to record my vote against the bill, no more. I
should he perfectly willing if the bill could, by com-
mon consent, be considered, and a vote be taken
by yeas and nays, to let it be taken instantcr> with-
out one word of debate, so as simply to be allowed
to record my vote. I am willing to waive and
forego any remarks on the residue of the bill
which I have not commented upon, and to let the
vote be taken, if the bill is reconsidered by con-
sent, by yeas and nays without a word of com-
ment on our side, and J presume none is desired
on the part of the fiiends of the Administration.
If this suggestion be accepted by others, I hope
it will be acceded to by the Senate. It removes
all possibility of complication, and it gives us the
right which I think we have, and ought to have,
to record our votes. We consider that the ques-
tion on the passage of the bill or agreement to the
report was not properly put. It certainly was not
heard by me; and not only that, but it was not
heard by any Senator on this side of the Chamber;
nor had we any idea, until it was announced by
the members on the other side, that the bill had
passed. Under these circumstances what I desire,
and I trust those who agree with me in opinion
desire no more, is a reconsideration for the pur-
pose. of taking the vote without a word more of
debate. I wish my vote to be recorded against
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is
on amending the Journal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir-
ginia rose to make some statement in regard to the
facts. If he desires the floor, I am entirely will-
ing that he shall make his statement. If there is
any other fact to be stated, I should like to know it.
Mr. WILLEY. I feel it my duty to say, sir,
without going into any statement of the proceed-
ings at largo last night in reference to this mat-
ter, that I certainly understood the Senator in the
chair as putting the question m the negative; for
I did distinctly announce my vote, voting" no "on
the question. 11 would give me pleasure to-day if
this matter was reconsidered, that I might place
my vot? upon record. Being opposed to the pus-
sage of the bill, I understood the Chair as putting
the question in the negative; and on the settee in
the back part of the Chamber I did vote " no."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Virginia this question: did not my colleague
yield the floor for the purpose of allowing a mo-
tion to adjourn to be made simply, and for that
alone ?
Mr. WILLEY. I so understood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In view of what has been
said by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr Powell]
and the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
I deem it my duty to make a statement in regard
to the proceedings on the passage of the hill, and
in reference to the motion to correct thejournal.
The Journal states the facts. 1 admit that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky asked the Senator from Del-
aware to yield the floor for the purpose of ena-
bling him to make a motion to adjourn, and the
Senator did yield the floor, and the Senator from
Kentucky made his motion to adjourn. The mo-
tion was made twice, in fact, the Senator from
Delaware taking his seat in the mean time. A vote
was taken on that motion to adjourn by yeas and
nays, and decided in the negative; and then the
Chair, as was his duty, put the question upon
the bill under consideration, and declared it car-
ried. I certainly voted in the affirmative on that
question. The Senator from Virginia tells you
he voted in the negative. Then, sir, I made a
motion to take up House bill No. 599, a bill re-
lating to the validity of deeds of public squarevs
and lots in the city of Washington. I was rec-
ognized by the Chair, and the floor was given to
me, and the vote was taken on the motion to take
up House bill No. 599, and it was taken up be-
fore the Senator from Kentucky said one woid,
or the Senator from Delaware, or my colleague,
or any one else. I was recognized immediately
by the Chair, after the vote, and that bill was taken
up; and every effort that was made by the Sena-
tors upon the other side, was an interruption made
while I was entitled to the floor, and 1 protested
against it, repeatedly called the gentlemen to order,
and callcd upon the Chair to enforce the rules,
and inquired if I was not entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois eive way to his colleague?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he wishes to ask me a
question I will. •
Mr. RIQHARDSON. I wish to make a sim-
ple statement. I did not interrupt my colleague,
butenteied the motion to reconsider subsequently.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer that. My
colleague could not enter any such motion to re-
considei, and I will state why. The other Sen-'
ators who sought the floor and made statements
were out of order, and of course no motion that
they made could be received while [ was entitled
to the floor. Now, sir, I am willing to say, and
do say in my place, that while in ordinary cases,
and where Senators on both sides of the Chamber
were considering a bill with a view to perfect it
or defeat it, and without any object by resorting
to parliamentary tactics to defeat the objects of
the Senate, I would, as a matter of courtesy, go
very far to allow a bill to be i ^considered, to allow
a Senator to take his own time in regard to speak-
ing; yet, when Senators resort to parliamentary
tactics, to motions for delay, and for no other
purpose than for delay, as was manifest through
the hours of last night, I will hold them to the
strict parliamentary law. "Let him who takes
the sword perish by the sword." Although, in
an ordinary case, the Senator ftoin Delaware hav-
ing yielded the floor in order that his friend from
Kentucky might make a motion, I would, though
some Senators got the floor before him, be dis-
posed to yield to the Senator from Delaware, by
parliamentary law the Senator from Delaware had
no right, and it was not in Ins power to yield the
floor for any purpose but to give it up. When
he sat down, except by the courtesy of the Sen-
ate, he had no more right to the floor than any
other Senator in this Chamber, and it has been
repeatedly decided here that you cannot give up
the floor on conditions. The surrender of the
floor is absolute, and it is only as a matter of favor
and courtesy that a Senator is sometimes allowed
to give up the floor temporarily, as we pass bills
by unanimous consfcm when some other subject
is pending before the Senate. 'Hut they are in no
condition to ask favors, sir. Motion after motion
was made here last night by the Senator from
Kentucky, by both the Senators from Delaware,
and by my colleague, to lay on the table, to post-
pone indefinitely, to adjourn, to adjourn, to ad-
journ, and to adjourn again, and the yeas and
nays called on each occasion; vote after vote was
taken through the night on motions to adjourn.
Senators occupying the flour would £ive way to
other Senators in order to make this motion to
adjourn. There were but four or five Senators in
this combination. Four or live, I believe, was the
extent of their votes on these dilatory motions.
Is it to be expected that the lepresentatives of
the States of this Umoji,in this time of our coun-
try's trial, when the foundations of the Republic
are being shaken, would on an important ques-
uon allow the wheels of legislation to stop, im-
poitanl measures to be defeated by the factious
opposition o floss than a tenth pat t of the members
of the Senate? Sir, cortld we answer to our con-
stituents if we had allowed, thiough courtesy or
any other claim, except that of strict right, the
defeat of an important measure by such tactics as
these? Therefore, I say, sir, although the Senator,
from Delaware may have intended to get the floor
an4 continue his speech, he did not get the floor
again. The q uestion was put; the question was
decided; a motion was interposed to take up an-
other bill; and that motion prevailed befoie the
Senator from Delaware or the Senator from Ken-
tucky attempted to address the Cinur.
But, sir, ltis said by one of the Senators from
Delaware that his colleague took an appeal. Sir,
he could take no appeal. TheChairdid not recog-
nize his appeal. The Chair had-no authority-to
recognize his appeal. Why ? Because,,before the
attempt to take an appeal was made, another mea$-
ure had come before thejSenate and was under
consideration, to wit, House bill No. 599; and he
cguld not appeal from a decision which had trans-
pired after the subject had passed away, and the
Presiding Officer very properly refused to enter-
tain any such motion, and the Joumal Very prop-
^)y refuses to show any such motion. -
But, says my colleague. " I moved to recon-
sider." Well, let me tell my colleague he had no
right to move to reconsider. Did he vote for this
bill ? He does not pretend that he did. I know
not whether he was in his seat at the time it passed;
He may have been in the Chamber; but is it not
a well-settled principle of parliamentary law that
no person can move to reconsider the vote of a
legislative body except he himself has voted with
the majority? Yes, but said my colleague last
night, and I suppose he will repeat it to-day,
"where a bill passed without calling the yeas and
nays, all are presumed to vote in the affirmative,
and any one may make the motion to reconsider."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator give way to his colleague?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I said that was the case
where there was no division, not where there was
no calling of the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where there was no divis-
ion, says my colleague, (I stand corrected in that,)
any person—but 1 suppose he would confine it
then to persons present in the body at the time-—
is permitted to make a motion to reconsider. I
deny that proportion. That is not parliamentary
law. It is often done as a matter o&grace, as a
matter of favor. Where a bill passes without a
division, any person in the Senate who was pres-
ent at the time of the passage of the bill has or-
dinarily been permitted to enter a motion to recon-
sider, in order to have the distinct vote of the
Senate on the question, or to enable a Senator to
record his vote on the yeas and nays; and, under
ordinal y circumstances, I would have allowed it,
but not under the circumstances that existed here
last night. It is not a right, it is a favor that has
sometimes been granted in this body and in other
legislative bodies; but according to the strict rule
of parliamentary law, no person has a right to en-
ter a motion to reconsider unless he voted with
the majority; and therefore the Chair very prop-
erly refused to entertain my colleague's motion,
and the Journal very properly fails to disclose
the fact that he attempted to make any such mo-
tion.
Now, sir, I believe I have answered all the po-
sitions that have been taken as to the question of
reconsideration, as to the appeal, as to the right
of the Chair and the duty of the Chair to put the
question on the bill. The Chair decided the bill
carried. Another measure was taken up. It was
too late then to call for a division. The Senator
from Delaware had lost his right to the floor by-
yielding it, and the bill had been passed, and the
floor had been assigned to another, and another
subject-matter had been brought to the consider-
ation of the Senate before he attempted to regain
the floor.
This, sir, I believe to be the accurate statement'
of the facts which occurred last night, and I am
willing to abide by them. I am willing that the
country should know them, and I for one am will-
ing to'take the responsibility here and every-
where of my action upon that occasion, and I avow
that I show no couitesy, and nothing but strict
right, to a faction of less than one fourth of this
body that is endeavoring to thwart the important
legislation of the country.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, my col-
league, in his anxiety to arraign gentlemen on this
side, has not looked to the Journal for his state-
ments. He says thai gentlemen upon this side
made a number of dilatory motions, and that
among the otheis 1 did the same thing. If the
Senator will look at the Journal, he will find that
during the progress of the discussion on this bill
I made but a single motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a minute from the
Cleik stating how many motions to adjourn—
which I treat as dilatory motions-—were made,
and who made them. My colleague moved at
least one of them.
