THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
todetermine—may institute their proceedingsafter
the people of the United4 States have determined
who is to be their next President. I think justice
requires this change. It is for the Senate to de-
cide whether they will accede to it or not. Surely
it cannot be the objectof honorable Senators, in
cases of wrong, to protect the guilty at the ex-
pense of the wronged parties. If it be not, it is
not asking much to say that they shall have the
right to bring their action within the brief period
of three years from the time the injury was in-
flicted.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I ask the Senator from
Delaware if he will not accept the amendment I
intended to propose before as a substitute for his
own. I have drawn it up in form, and hand it to
the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. I will willingly accept the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, if the Senate will-not accede to mine. If
they accede to 'mine, I care nothing about his,
which proposes to provide that in no case shall
the limitation herein provided commence to run
* until the passage of the act, so that no party
shall by virtue of this act be barred of the remedy
by suit or prosecution until two years from and
after the passage of the act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware accept the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from California?
Mr. BAYARD. If the time be put at three
years I will accept it.
Mr. COLLAMER and others. Oh, no; two
years is enough.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I adhere to my original
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is in section
four, line seven, to strike out" two" and insert
" three."
Mr. BAYARD. If the amendment is assented
to, of course I do not desire the yeas and nays;
but if not, if it is to be voted down, I would rather
have my vote recorded in favor of the amendment.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carhle, McDougall, Powell,
I'urpte, and Wall—(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Ko^onrion,
Foot. Poster, Grimes, Halo, llarUm, Harris Hendetson,
HLek*, Howatd. Kin<r, Lane ot Indiana, Lane ot Kansas,
Morrill, Pomeroy, SauMmry, Sherman.Sumnei, Ten Eyck',
Trumbull. Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson
ot Maf^aelmsetts—IM.
So the amendment was rejected. -
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to insert, at the
end of section four, the following proviso:
Provided, That in no ease shall the limitation herein pio-
vided commence to run until the passage of tins aer, <«o that
no party '•hall, by \ii tue of this net, be debaned of his rem-
edy by suit or probation, until tuo yeats fiom and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments which have been made have been to the
substitute reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. The question now is on agreeing to that
amendment of the committee, as it has been
amended.
The amendment, as amended, wan agreed to;
and the bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committer' of the 'Whole.
Mr. HALE. Is there more than one amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICE. There is but one
amendment, and that is m the form of a substitute.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There was
an amendment moved by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cowan'i that was not agreed to.
1 want to hftve it renewed in some foimu
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
for the Senator to move it again.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I renew
that amendment.
Mr. PI ALE. I wish to ask a single question.
I have been told—I was not in when the vote was
taken—that the words " until after the adjourn-
ment of the then next ensuing session of Con-
gress, " at the end of the second section, were
struck out. Is that so?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those words were struck
out.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania reaches that whole
section.
Mr. COWAN. I desire to have the question
taken on the amendment which I proposed in lieu
of the second section.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is in order I desire now
again to submit to the Senate the amendment I
offered in committee. I have modified it at the
suggestion of one or two Senators.
Mr. COWAN. I thought I had precedence.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not make any dif-
ference about that. Either of us can offer an
amendment, and have a vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on concur! in  in the Senate with the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, and
then the bill will be open to further amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought that had been
done.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COWAN. 1 renew my amendment to
strike out the second section of the bill, and in
lieu of it to insert:
That if it shall appear on the trial of any action piovlded
l'oi and mentioned in the first section of this act that there
wa-i probable caiwe (or the arrest, impugnment, or other
act complained of, or that in niakmgsuch arrest or impris-
onment or commuting such act the defendant acted in good
faith under the authouty or order of the President ot the
United States, or under an act of Confess, then, and in
every sneh case. the ioie«om:r facts, oi citherof them,shall
constitute a complete detente to the action, and It shall be
the duty of the court trying the cause <«o to instruct the jury,
and that their finding must be accordingly.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have something to say about
that amendment. It is an amendment which is
meant as a substitute for the second section of
the bill. It takes away from the court and gives
to the jury the right to determine not only the
question of probable cause, but the question of
good faith. Sir, according to my recollection of
the common law, the question of probable cause
is a question of law. The facts are to be found
by the jury; whether, when found, they consti-
tute probable'cause, is a matter for the court. I
believe the practice in Pennsylvania is somewhat
different, and they leave probable cause to the
jury; but that is not the common-law principle,
certainly. I think it a dangerous one; I am op-
posed to the piinciple.
As to the other question, the amendment comes
to this, that though the party who is sued may
have had no probable cause for his action, though
he may have had no authority or color of author-
ity from the President, if he has claimed it, if he
shows that he acted in good faith, it is to be a bar
to the action; that is, the intention and motive of
the party is to excuse an unquestioned trespass.
That is a strange idea of justice ! All 1 have to
do is to give my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Antiioin, Arnold, Brownin?. Chandler,
Clatk, Coilamei, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Hams Hendetson. Hicks, Hovvaid, King,
Lane of Indiana, Motrin, Potiierov, Sheiman, Sumner.
Ten E\ck, Tnunbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willej, Wilmot,'
and Wilson of Massachusetts—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bajard. Carlilo, Fessenden. Grimes,
Lane of Kansas Powell, Tumic, Wall, and Wilson of
Missouri—0.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer as an additional
section this amendment: ®
And be it further marled, '{'hat any pflr«on not in the mil-
itary setviee. and not subject to the rules. and articles of
war, who shall be arretted m any rotate or district wherein
the ordinary process of the eouits of the United States is not
obstnicted, tor aiding the present K'belhon ot for obstruct-
ing the execution of any law oi militaiy order. Miall he dis-
charged Jrom Mich at rest unless within ten dajs after such
arrest the charges against Mich poi.son shall be reduced to
writing, and filed in the otfiee of the clerk of the district
court of the ["nited States m the district m which such per-
son is arrested ; and it-hall he the duty of the judge of -.aid
court, upon the application of such person, to examine into
the cause of such arieet; and, upon the heaungof such ap-
plication, such judge may discharge such person, hold him
to bail, or di-mis* his application, as in the opinion of such
judge the public safety may lequire.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out " ten days" and insert " thirty days,"
Theamend men t to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment, as amended.
Mr. POWELL. I call for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 22, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Bayard, Browning,
Carlile, Cowan. Dixon, Doolittle, Hale, Harlan, Harris,
Henderson, Hicks, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall, Powell, Sherman, Turpie, Wall, Willey, and
Wilson of Missouri—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Col lamer, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Ilowaid, Kintr, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—17,
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have a few
brief remarks to make before the bill is passed. I
shall not detain the Senate long. We have en-
deavored to remove from the bill many features
that we thought objectionable. We have failed.
With the solitary exception of the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
which was originally rejected and afterwards
adopted, there is nothing m the bill which does
aught than advance us toward a despotic exer-
cise of power. It refers not only to the past but
to the futuie action of the Executive of the United
States, and it throws a shield over every act of ag-
gression that he can commit against the rights of
an American citizen, and interposes a bar in-point
of fact, to the right of recovery against even the
individual who is the agent for the purpose of in-
fracting those rights. The Senate, 1 have no
doubt, from the votes already given, will pass this
bill. I do not intend to enter into any argument
against it further; but I vviil make this prediction:
you may pass this bill, but the public sentiment
of the country will not ratify your action. The
spirit of civil liberty has been dormant, but it is
awakened. Rely upon it. Gentlemen may think
me mistaken now, but they will find hereafter that
they have committed a blunder, a political blun-
der, and that is said to be worse than a crime.
They will have by the passage of this bill brought
the legislative power into accord with the Execu-
tive, so as to preventfor past action and for future
action of the Executive any redress on the part of
an American citizen, however great the outrage
may have been. In my judgment it would have
been better to pass the House bill. That is a plain,
open, manly defiance of the Federal Constitution.
This is more indirect. It is, in some respects,
sustainable; but I trust that in others, when it
comes to the criterion of the courts, it will be ad-
judged to be void and of no effect. It is useless
to particularize now; but whether it be done un-
der cover of law, and whether it be sustained or
not, it is, in my belief, equally true that the passage
of the bill is but an advance towards a centralized
despotism in this country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonj, Arnold, Browningr, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Giim^s, Hale, ITarlan, Hartis, Henderson,
IJicks, Howard, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
1 Moiri!!, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumnci, Ten Eyck, Tium-
buil, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—33.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard. Catlilc, McDougall, Powell,
Tinpie, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—7.
So the bill was passed. Its title was amended
to read: " An act to regulate judicial proceedings
in certain cases theiein mentioned."
OltDEli OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to give notice to the
Senate that I shall ask them to-morrow to take up
one or two naval bills. I move now to take up
the bill (S. No. 393) concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and priz«* goods.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I give notice that I shall
be obliged to move to take up some of the appro-
priation bills to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
