1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
" Mr. RICHARDSON. I moved one motion to
adjourn; that was all. If my colleague had con-
fined himself to the statement of the Clerk, I should
hot have deemed it to 1$ my duty to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the fact; but my colleague
in his anxiety drew upon his imagination for fa<*s
that the.Journal did not furnish.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not stall. My colleague
will excuse me. I did not state that he made all
the motions to adjourn. I said that motions vA
made to adjourn, and other dilatory motions, and
he was participating. My colleague is too good
a lawyer not to know thtJt when a conspiracy
exists, all who take part in it are responsible for
each one of the acts. I do not charge a conspir-
acy in a criminal sense; a combination, perhaps,
would be a better term. When a combination
e'xists to accomplish a given purpose, every one
taking part in that combination is responsible for
every blow struck by any one engaged in it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I assume, Mr.
President, whatever responsibility attaches to me
here or elsewhere.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it may savor
of presumption to controveit any position of par-
liamentary law laid down by so distinguished an
authority as the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] but I beg leave, notwithstand-
ing, to differ from him as to some of his statements
in reference to that subjcct as understood in the
Senate of the United States. I have been a mem-
ber of the body for twelve years, I suppose that,
by the law of reason and propriety, the usage of
the body constitutes the unwritten law of the body.
There are many things that occur every day that
are not provided for by your v^ntten rules. Al-
though the honorable Senator telis us in the most
ex cafAcdrf manner that a Senator who yields the
floor for a motion to adjourn has no right to it, 1
say that is not the usage of the Senate. It is not,
therefore, in my belief and judgment, the rule of
the Seriate. Every day it constantly occurs that,
either for a motion to adjourn or for some other
temporary purpose, a request is made to a Sena-
tor to yield the floor as an act of courtesy, and
the usage of the Senate invariably entitles him to
the floor on the name question, unless otherwise
disposed of; and the Chair always, after the le-
marks which intervene, or the motion which in-
tervenes, when the floor is yielded temporarily,
addresses itself to the member who occupied the
floor when the special purpose for which he yielded
it has been accomplished. That is the practice of
the Senate, and has been the practice of the Sen-
ate since I have been a member of the body, and
it had never been broken m upon before.
Thinking that that was so, when 1 yielded the
floor for the purpose of allowing a motion to ad-
journ to be made, I never for a moment supposed
ihat I lost my right to the floor. I supposed that
i retained my right accordingto the usage of the
body, which I consider the unwritten law of the
body, and there eon Id be no right to put any other
motion without the Chair first addressing himself
to me as the Senator from Delaware, as you do
when the President's message or anythmgelsc is
delivered, after any intenuption to the existing
speaker. That is the view which 1 take of (he
law of the Senate arising from the usage of the
Senate. We have no written luleon the subject,
hi the House of Representatives they may have
a different lule; they have a great many rules
there that never obtained in this body.
But, sir, let me say another word. The hon-
orable Senator says also that there is no right on
the part of his colleague (o move a reconsideration,
because he was not in favoi of tin's lull and did not
vote for it. Now, sir, I hold it to be certain that
in legal contemplation, accoiding to the numerous
cases which have oecumd in the Senate, where
there is no division, any member may move to re-
consider within the time that the rule allows That
has been the settled practice ofthe body, and no
objection could be entertained to such a motion.
The vote must be considered technically and le-
gally as unanimous where there is no division
called for, and on that basis it is thatany Senator
may move for a reconsideration where no division
has taken place or no yeas and nays have been
called. It is on these two points that I differ from
the honorable Senator from Illinois; but I beg leave
to assure him in entire good faith that if I had sup-
posed this question of my right w the floor last
 ight t« he a question of roorff «vt ? neither should
have expected nor made any reaueston that point
of the honorable Senator.
As I stated before, I now repeat, complications
will arise in the course of debate on cxcited ques-
tions. I have seen them before. I have seen j
them before the honorable Senator became a mem- j
ber of this body, when the party to which he now j
belongs consisted of some six, seven, or eight.j
members at most, when motions were made day !
after day of amendments which were not expected
to be carried, simply for the purpose of delay on
bills that were before the Senate; and though that
wasdone when there wasgreatexcitement,! never
saw the then majority of the Senate attempt to
deprive a Senator of the floor when he was enti-
tled to it under its usage. You may reverse that
piactice; a.*majority may so determine.
I come back, then, to what I consider advisa-
ble in the present case. Each party, on each side
of the Chamber, has different views as to what
the action was, and what the action ought to have
been, also; because it is very evident that if the
statement of facts on the other side were taken to
be true, it would be the easiest matter in the woild
for the Presiding Officer to cut off any member
from a vote, and also to put a question, turning
his face towards one side of the Chamber so that
no one on the other side could hear what the ques-
tion put was, and then decide it after taking the
affirmative vote, and without waiting to take the
negative vote, or giving even an opportunity to
call for a division. Something very like that oc-
curred last night. Then, further, if a Presiding
Officer chose, he might refuse to recognize a mem-
ber who rose after the yeas and nays had been or-
dered, and looking to the Clerk direct him to go
on calling the roll; and when the first name was
called he might rule a person out of order who
rose to address the Senate, though he had been
standing and calling the attention of the Chair for
some time; but the Chair might reply that he had
not noticed the honorable Senator. All these
things may be done in a deliberative body; but
they would be gross violations of the i ights of the
minority,and they might notbeable to reach them
if a majority chose to sustain such a course. I
think always it is better to adjust these things
withoutprejudice to the views ofeithcr side where
it can be done. I therefore renew the suggestion
I made, that the motion for reconsideration be
now generally assented to—unanimously, if you
please—with the distinct understanding and en-
gagement on the part of those who are opposed
to this bill that tin4 vote shall be taken without de-
bute. I have the authority of the honorable Sen-
ator, my colleague, and the honorable Senator
fiom Illinois, for saying that they assent to that
settlement. Let the reeonsfderation be had; and
then let the vote on the passage ofthe bill or the
adoption ofthe report of the committee be taken
by yeas and nays, without any one on our side
opening his hps for further discussion. I hope
ihis suggestion will be acted upon.
Mr. SAULSCURY. I merely wish to make
one remaik. 1 did not participate in the debate
last nigh t. f moved an adjournment twiec, the first
time about half past eleven o'clock, according to
my i ecolleetion, after the Senator from New Jer-
sey, | Mr. Wall,] had spoken. Tne Senate had
been m session twelve and a half hours then, and
1 thought it was time to adjourn. I made subse-
quently, during the time the Senator from Ken-
tucky was addressing the Senate, one motion to
adjourn. For so doing I assume ail the respons-
ibility that attaches to the act. 1 did not suppose,
and never did suppose, during any period of the
discussion, thatihe final passage of this hill could
be pievented, and I know that that was the gen-
eral sentiment among those with whom I con-
vened on the subject. { was extremely anxious
to record my vote against the passage of the bill,
or rather the adoption of the leportof the com-
mittee of conference; and i staid here until five
o'clock, until the Senate finally adjourned, for the
hurposeof recording my vote against an act which
I honestly behove was in principle subversive of
the right of the citizen, and which would prove
so in practice. I wish the statement not to go
out hereafter that the bill passed the Senate by n
unanimous vote, or without opposition,'simply
because it passed under the circumstances which
have been described,
Mr. LATHAM. Is anything pending before
the Senate}
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is, "Shall the Journal ,of yesterday
as read stand as the correct record, or shall it be
altered ?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say but a
single word in reference to the motion that I
thought I had entered last night. I made the motion
to reconsider the vote by winch tfce Senate con-
curred in the reportofthecoftimitteeofconference.
Some controversy took place between the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] and myself in reference
to my right to do so without avowing that I had
voted in the affirmative; I assuming then, as I do
now, that where there is no division, and where
' the yeas and nays are not called, any Senator has
the right to move to reconsider. Without any
experience in this body, 1 have understood that
that has been the uniform practice which has be-
come the law of the Senate. I did not know that
it had ever been questioned here; if it had been,
I certainly should not have placed myself in the
position of moving to reconsider unless I was
entitled to do so by the practice and therefore the
law of the body. The motion was made distinctly.
The Chair made no decision in reference to my
right to do so then; and I was amazed this morn-
ing at not finding the motion entered on the Jour-
nal. That is ail 1 hava to say in reference to it.
ThcPRESlDINGOFFlCER. The rule of the
Senate, the first rule, requires that "the Journal
of the preceding day shall be read to the end that
any mistake may be corrected that shall be made
in the entnes." Under that rule, the Journal be-
ing read, the Senator from Delaware and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky make suggestions in regard
to a correction of the Journal, and the question
before the Senate is, " Shall the Journal as read
stand as the correct record of yesterday's pro-
ceedings, or shall it be altered m the manner sug-
gested by the Senator from Delaware and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky?"
Mr. POWELL. One word. I have listened to
the statements of various Senators about what oc-
curred here last night, 1 distinctly stated that I
did not hear the question put on concurring in the
report ofthe committee of conference. I neither
hemd it putin the affirmative nor in the negative.
I did hear some ayes over that way, [indicating
the Republican side of the Chamber.] The Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] tells me he
did not hear them. I ically thought the ayes were
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to take
up a bill. The Senator from Virginia says he
heard the question put. 1 have no doubt the Sen-
ator from Virginia is correct, if he asserts that he
heard it. As 1 stated before, I did not hear either
j the affirmative or negative call; but a Senator sug-
| gested to me that he did not think the negative
; was put, and i stated it that way at first. I do
j not wish to do the occupant of the chair any in-
' justice.
I Mr. HICKS. The Senator will allow mc a mo-
! mcnt. 1 sat by the Senator from Virginia 
j Mr. POWELL. I do not doubt the word of
j the Senator from Virginia. I take it as a verity.
I Mr. I1ICKS. I voted "ay," and he voted
i "no."
! Mr. POWELL. I take it as a verity. The Sen-
' ator from Virginia says he heard it, 1 have stated
i that I did not hear it. I have no doubt the Sen-
1 ator from Virginia did hear u. I do not question
: his word. Neither do i object to the sharp tactics
: ofthe gentlemen on the other side. The Senator
• from Illinois says he would extend no courtesy.
We expected none at his hands. We ask for
; none; and the only complaint I have is with the
- occupant of the chair; not with gentlemen on the
■ other side. 1 do not think the occupant of the
choirtreafed us fairly; i thought he ought to have
put the vote distinctly. He ought to have notified
the Senator fiom Delaware after the motion to ad-
journ had been defeated. Then, when the Senator
from Delaware took an appeal, the occupant of the
: chair did not put the question, and did not notice
him at all. When the Senator fiom Illinois [Mr. '
; Richardson] moved to reconsider, 'ft he occupant
i of the chair said one word to him as to whether
j he was in or out of order, I did not hear it. He
made no such response to the Senator from Dela-
ware. That is the ground of my complaint.
' The Senator from Illinois [Mr.Trumbull] talks
1 about responsibility, i tell him plainly my object
1 was to defeat that bill—I have no concealments
1 about jt—and [ would have reported to every par-
