1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
liamentary weapon to defeat it, because I thought
the biil deserved being defeated, and I did not think
I could serve my country so well in any way as
by defeating it. I have no concealments about it;
I had none'last night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did the Senator no in-
justice, then.
Mr.POWELL. I am aware you did not. Now,
Mr. President, having said this much, having
stated the facts as far as I know, the honorable
Senator from Delaware was authorized to make
the statement he has made, that if you reconsider
the vote we are ready to let the question be taken
without debate. Of course 1 stand by that agree-
ment; and in order to accommodate the matter in
that way, if that is the feeling, I will withdraw
the motion to amend the Journal and let the vote
be put at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware first made the motion to amend
the Journal.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 will agree to the arrange-
ment proposed, so that we may have an opportu-
nity to record our votes; if not, my colleague can
prosecute the appeal if he sees proper. I do not
propose to have any further connection on the
record with the matter. I only made the motion
because I did not see my colleague in the Cham-
ber at the time, and I thought, perhaps, he would
like to have his appeal on the Journal.
Mr. BAYARD. I move,' then, to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted, with the assurance on
my part that my lips shall not be opened except
to answer to my name when the vote is taken by
yeas and nays.
ThePRESlDINGOFFICER. The Chair first
wishes to understand the position m which the
question stands. Does the Chair understand the
Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from
Delaware as withdrawing any motion or sugges-
tion to anu'tid the Journal?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BAYARD. The motion to correct the
Journal has been withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
asking if it was withdrawn.
Mr. BAYARD. My colleague stated expressly
that he withdrew it, at the close of the remarks
which he made.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I withdrew it with a view
that those of us who did not hear what was said
by the Chair last night should have an opportu-
nity to enter our votes upon the record. I heard
no vote upon the question of agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands, then, that the motion to amend the
Journal js withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire any mis-
understanding to grow out of the remark of the
Senator froi^ Delaware. I should have no sort
of objection to Senators bein^ permitted to record
their votes upon this question; I certainly have
no objection; but I do not see how it can be done.
As I listened this morning to the announcement
of the enrolled bills signed by the Piesiding Offi-
cer, among them was tins very bill, if 1 recollect
rightly; and that being the case, we cannot now
reconsider it, it seems to me. The bill hasalready
been signed. As an individual, I should certainly
have no objection to the Senators recording their
votes on the bill; but having accomplished that
object by stating their views, there can be no mis-
apprehension on that point. They have stated
their opinions and how they would have voted
That is sufficient. If there were any way to re-
consider the bill properly, for the mere purpose
of allowing the vote to be recorded, I should cer-
tainly have no objection to it myself, but I do not
see how it can be done.
Mr. POMEROY. i wish to make a single state-
ment in reference to what was said by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky I recollect distinctly that
the fiist time he moved the adjournment while
the Senator from Delaware was making remarks,
he did say that the Senator from Delaware sub-
mitted to the motion to adjourn, and suspended
his remarks for that purpose. That motion was
put, and decided in the negative; the Senate would
not adjourn. The Senator from Delaware then
resumed lus remarks, as I supposed he had a
right to do; but at the time the adjournment was
moved at the late hour there was some confusion,
and I did not hear the Senator from Kentucky
say that the Senator from Delaware yielded the
floor for any purpose. I noticed that he had some
conversation with the Senator from Delaware;
and then the Senator from Kentucky moved that
the Senate adjourn. Occupying the chair at that
time, I did not understand that the Senator from
Delaware yielded the floor for any specific pur-
pose. 1 put the motion; it was decided that the
Senate would not adjourn. I then immediately,
as i supposed was my duty, called for the vote
on the main question, which was upon concurring
in the report of the committee of conference. I
supposed I stated the question distinctly. The
Senator from Ohio, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Sherman,] remarked to me this morning that he
heard both the affirmative and the negative put
distinctly, and he was in the lobby; not inside of
the Senate Chamber at all. i myself heard re-
sponses from both sides, both in the affirmative
and negative; I thought the majority was in the
affirmative, and I so declared it, and that the re-
port was concurred in. The first Senator that
rose then I recognized; and that was the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] I put the mo-
tion that he made. That motion was carried.
After that several Senators rose, the Senator from
Illinois continuingon the floor, I asked the Sena-
tor from Illinois if he yielded the floor. He said not;
and I could not, in that view of the case, until he
did yield the floor, entertain the motion of any
other Senator. I should have been glad to extend
any courtesy in the world; but 1 thought I did
what the rules of the body required me to do.
Mr. POWELL 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark that there is now no question before the
Senate. The business regularly before the Senate
is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Chair having re-
mmked that there is nothing before the Senate, I
wish to suggest that I stated that, with a view of
entering into tins arrangement, I would withdraw
my motion. Now I make this suggestion to our
friends on the other side: let the question be put
to the Senate on correcting the Journal, and those
who are in favorof coriectmg the Journal will be
understood as those who would have voted against
agieeing to the conference report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That will be satisfactory
to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now
no question l efore the Senate, except the unfin-
ished busnuss of yesterday.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sena-
tor repeat his motion r
Mr. SAULSBURY. I make the motion to cor-
rect the Journal in reference to the statement- 
Mr. GRIMES, in order that Senators may
have an ample opportunity to put themselves on
iccoid on this subject, I move to reconsider the
vote on the report. 1 voted in the affiimativc.
Mr. BAYARD. I have made a motion to re-
consider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion to
reconsider the bill which the Senate passt d this
morningat five o'clock is now in order, for the rea-
son that the bill has passed fiorn the possession
of the Senate. It is not now m the hands of the
Senate, and no motion to reconsider can therefore
be entertained.
Mr. POWELL. The motion of the Senator
from D< iawarc, to correct the Journal, is pending,
and I will say a word in response to the Senator
from Kansas. The Senator is in eiror i n his state-
ment. He says that he heard me say distinctly,
when I made the motion to adjourn first, that I
did it at the instance of the Senator from Dela-
ware, he yielding the floor for that purpose; but
he says that afterwards the Senator from Dela-
ware proceeded with his remarks. In that the
Senator lVom Kansas is mistaken. When I made
the motion at the instance of the Senator from
Delaware, he retained his position standing. As
we were aboutdividmg upon it, the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] called me to order, stating
that another Senator was on the floor. I staled
that the Senator from Delaware had yielded the
floor for the put pose of my making the motion to
adjourn. The Senator then said that it was outof
order because the Senator from Deiawaie was
standing, and had not resumed his seat. I then
said to the Senator from Delaware, " take your
seat,"and thereupon 1 made the motion again,
stating that I did it with the consent of the Sena-
tor from Delaware, he yielding foV that purpose.
The Senator from Delaware did not speak at all
after I had made the first motion until I made the
second. Th^se are the facts.
Mr. POMEROY. TheSenatorwill allowmeto -
say that what 1 had reference to was when tHerf
was a call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. POWELL. I made two motions to ad-
journ while the Senator from Delaware was fen-
titled to the,floor, but they were made almost
simultaneously. 1 was amazed last night when
I demanded of the Senator from Kansas, then in
the cha^f, if I had not distinctly said that I mado
the motion at the instance of the Senator from
Delaware in order that he might finish his remarks
afterwards, and he replied that he did not hear me
say so. That is all I wish to say. The Senator
is in error about the matter of time. 1 made the
motions together. When I first made the motion
I was called to order by the Senator from Iowa;
and then, as soon as the Senator from Delaware
took his seat, I restated the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the Chair to
decide that a motion to reconsider is not in order,
because the bill has been signed. To what ex-
tent it has been signed I do not know. The bill
originated in the House of Representatives, I be-
lieve, was amended in the Senate, and there was
finally a report of a committee of conference.
Has the enrolled bill been signed by the Presid-
ing Officers of both bodies? Has it passed from
hayond the custody of the two Houses ? If not,
then, though the motion to reconsider may not be
in order until the bill is here, I have a right to
make a motion that the House of Representatives
be lequested to return the bill to the Senate for
the purpose of reconsideration. Such motions
have been repeatedly made; and as the object is
not delay, but simply to take a vote on the bill,
unless it is in the hands of the President and has
been signed by him, when it would be too late, I
do make the motion that, if the bill is in the pos-
session of the other House, a message be sent to
the House requesting the return of the bill in or-
der to have a reconsideration; and then when we
have it in the custody of the Senate we can re-
consider, if we see fit. I do not know what the
exact state of facts in regard to this bill is now.
It was only passed at five o'clock this morning;
and I suppose it can hardly yet have been signed
by the President of the United States, and prob-
ably has not been laid before him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the motion
of the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsjbury] is
the motion pending, which is amotion to correct
the Journal, and on that I believe it is understood
that those who are opposed to the bill desire to be
permitted to record their vote by yeas and nays that
they may in that way put on record their votes
against the hill. Regarding that as a test vote on
the bill, and with a view to have a vote, and to
put an end to this discussion, 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion to correct the Journal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In order that
there may be a motion intelligibly made to correct
the Journal, if a vote is to be taken upon it, the
Chair would suggest that the motion must be in
writing, in order that if the motion should prevail,
the Secretary may know how to amend the Jour-
nal. The Senator from Delaware, therefore, will
be good enough to reduce to writing the correc-
tion which lie desires to have made in the Jour-
nal; then the vote can be taken understandingly:
it cannot be otherwise.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state to the Chair
that as my colleague piefers his own motion, I
will withdraw my motion.
Mr. BAYARD. My motion is that the Senate
send to the blouse of Representatives a message
requesting the return of the report of the com-
mittee of conference to the Senate, for the purpose
of allowing a motion to reconsiderto be made.
Mi. SUMNER. That will raise the same ques-
tion, and we can vote on that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that on the mo-
tion now submitted by the Senator from Delaware,
a test vote may be taken on the bill, and there-
fore I ask for the yeas and n< ys on his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved and
seconded that a message be sent to the House of
Representatives requesting the return of the bill
