M04
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
March 3,
indicated by the Senator from Delaware, and upon
that question the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senate prefer to decide
the case on a question which really is not direct,
I of course cannot interpose any objection, if that
is the will of the majority; but I should greatly
prefer,.and I see no difficulty to arise from it, to
have the bill returned here, and then let us vote on
the motion to reconsider. The Senate then can
refuse the reconsideration if they please, and that
will be a direct determination that the bill shall
stand. Let the bill be sent for, and when it comes
here you can refuse to reconsider. -It is merely
sending a messenger to get the bill, and then the
motion to reconsider may be made the test ques-
tion. That strikes me as the proper mod.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. So far as I know,noone
who would be entitled to enter the motion to re-
consider is disposed to enter that motion; and
therefore,the only way in which you can take the
vote will be on the motion of the Senator from
Delaware now,\o send to the House of Repre-
sentatives to bring the bill back.
Mr. BAYARD. Bills have been repeatedly sent
for when they have gone into the possession of
the other House, and they have been sent for even
to the President before he has signed them, and
been returned for the purpose ofcorrection There
can be no difficulty on the subject of our right to
do that. Then when the bill comes back into the
custody and possession of the Senate, the motion
for reconsideration is always in order, if made by
the second day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Dela-
ware is right in saying that we have the power to
send for the bill, to bring it back again, if we have
the mind to do so; but we have not the mind, and
on that question we will take the yeas and nays.
I ask for the yens and nay* on it once more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is,
that a message be sent lo the House of Repre-
sentatives to request the return of the bill indi-
cated by the Senator from Delaware. Upon that
question the yens and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nnys weie ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 understand that (he bill
is not in the possession of the House of Repre-
sentatives, hut it has been signed by the Presiding
Officers of both Houses, and gone to the President
of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
made by the Senator from Delaware is m order.
Mr. IIARLAN. 1 am not willing that the
statement made by the Senator from Delaware
shall go undisputed. I remember that inthecase
of the passage of a hill Tor the relief of Anson
Dart, wfien Mr. 13re< kinridge was the Presiding
Officer of this body, I made a motion to reconsider
the vote by winch it was parsed, and I was in-
formed by the Chair that the bill-had been signed
by the President of the Senate and sent to the
House of Representatives. I then moved that
the bill be sent for, and on a distinct appeal to the
Chair for a decision of the right to send for the
bill after it had been signed by the President of
the Senate, it was decided by the Chair and as-
sented to by the Seriate, that it had passed fiom
the control of the body, and that the only way to
reach the object I had in view was to introduce a
new bill to repeal the one that had been thus dis-
posed of. So.that is one case, at least, in oppo-
sition lo the statement made by the Senator from
Delaware, which was accjuiesced in by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 1 he Chair then decided
distinctly that the bill had passed from the cus-
tody of the body, that we had no longer control
over it, and that my object, could then only be
reached by the introduction of a new bill to repeal
the one which had bom passed and received the
signature of the Presiding Officer of the body, in
this case, I understand the bill has been signed
by the President of the Senate and by the Speaker
of the House of Representatives, and it is conse-
quently no longer under the control of either
body. It is supposed to be in the custody of the
President of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to raise
the legal question whether the Senator from Iowa
is right technically on that point or not. I am
inclined to think he is wrong. I am inclined to
think that until the enrollment of the bill has been
announced in this body and it has passed this
body, we have a way of controlling it. But that
is no matter. I shall vote with the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will not say I
am wrong as to the citation 1 made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE- Not as to the fact, but I
think the Senate decided wrong. Mr. President,
let us come to the yeas and nays on this question.
I shall vote with the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
that the Senate send a motion to the House of
Representatives requesting the return of the bill
indicated by the Senator from Delaware, and the
Senate have decided that the question shall be
taken by*yeas and nays. Those who are in favor
of the motion, which is that a message be sent,
when their names arc called will answer " yea;"
those opposed to that motion will answer <l nay."
The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Davis, Henderson,
Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Richardson, Saul&bury,
Turpie, VVilley, and Wilson of Missouri—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Foster, Grimes, ilailan, Harris, Hicks. Howard,
Howe, Km?) Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the enactment of
a general bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Wisconsin, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Lone Rock to
Richland Center, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Wisconsin, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Wantoma to
Grand Rapids, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the letter of the Secretary
of the Interior, in relation to the outstanding lia-
bilities for the Indian service in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory, communicated January 22,1803,
and the letter of the Secretary of the Interim in
relation to an appropriation for the benefit of the
Indians in Utnh, and the appointment of special
agents for the Chippewas of the North, and for the
Upper Missouri Indians; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee ©n
Indian Affairs, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 41C) for
the relief of persons for damages sustained by
reason of depredations and injuries by certain
bands of Sioux Indians; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
nvas recommitted the bill (S. No. 314) for the re-
lief of the Wyandott Indians,agreeably to certain
treaty stipulations, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom were referred many petitions and
memorials, too numerous to mention specifically,
from naval officers who were not recommended
for promotion by the advisory board, have directed
me to report them back, and to move that the com-
mittee be dischaijred from their further considera-
tiotl.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. There were various memorials
in relation to letters of marque, prizes, and various
other subjects, referred to the committee. They
ask to be discharged from their further considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
TRANSPORTS FOR TUB RANKS EXPEDITION.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
have directed me to report back a resolution re-
ferred to them in regard to the pay of a stenogra-
pher for the special committee on the transports
of the Banks expedition. I ask that it be put upon
its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report can
only be received by unanimousconscnt; tne order
of the day having been for a time displaced by a
privileged question now comes up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us pass that bill; wo
can get it out of the way in five minutes.
Mr. CLARK. This will pass in a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make no objection, then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report will
be received by unanimous consent.
The resolution was read the thkd time, and
passed, as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to the stenographer employed by the special
committee to investigate the chartering of vessels for the
Banks expedition, pay for his services at the same rate as
the reporters of the Congressional Globe are allowed.
SAN FRANCISCO MINT AND CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed
to communicate to the Senate, on the first Monday in De-
cember next, what steps he has taken, if any, to investigate
alleged abuses m the custom-house and mint at San Fiun-
cisco, and other public offices connected with his Depart-
ment on the Pacific coast; and to transmit a copy ot any
report made to him, relating thereto, by the special agent
of the Treasury Department.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President of the United States
had this day approved and signed the'following
bills:
A bill (S. No. 492) to amend the laws relating
to the Post Office Department;
A bill (S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 512) to disapprove of the twenty-
sixth section of the act of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Nevada, and for other
purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridce, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which there-
upon received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
A bill (S. No. 208) granting lands to the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin, to aid in the con-
struction of a military road from Fort Wilkins,
Copper Harbor, Keewenaw county, in the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green bay, in the
State of Wisconsin;
A hill (S. No. 494) to give greater efficiency to
the judicial system of the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 131) to facilitate the
payment of the sick and wounded soldiers in the
hospitals and convalescent camps.
DEEDS OF PUBLIC SQUARES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The business before the Senate is the unfinished
business of yesterday, being House bill No. 599,
relating to the validity of deeds of public squares
and lots in the city of Washington, which is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
declare that all deeds or conveyances heretofore
made,and all that may hereafter be made, in pur-
suance of law, of squares or lots of public land in
the city of Washington, by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, or any other authorized officer,
shall be deemed valid in law, notwithstanding that
they have not been, or may not be, acknowledged
by the Commissioner or other authorized officer
before such judicial officers as deeds of real prop-
erty made between individuals are required by
law to be acknowledged.
The bill hud been reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary with amendments. The first
amendment was in lines three and four, after the
word " that," to strike out " all deeds or convey-
ances heretofore made, and all that may hereafter
be made," and to insert in lieu thereof, " no deed
or conveyance heretofore made."
The amendment was agreed to.
! The next amendment was in line eight, to strike
j out the word " valid " and insert " invalid."
i The amendment was agreed to.
; The next amendment was in line eight, after
1 the word " law," to strike out " and are hereby
' declared valid, notwithstanding that they have not
