1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
York; the Providence, owned by A. J. Richard-
son, of New York f and the Canadian built steamer
• City of Toronto, of Detroit, and Blue Bonnet, of
New York.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time, and
COLLECTORS ON TIIE LAKES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 551, to equalize and establish the
compensation of the collectors of the customs on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern fron-
tiers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Is not that
the bill to winch the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] objected the other evening?
' Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; and I am going to
move to strike out the section to which he ob-
jected, so as to provide simply for a change of the
collection districts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now mt>ve to strike out
the first section, the section to which the Senator
from Maine objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of July next, the several
collectors of the customs on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States In the fol-
lowing district*, to wit: Detroit, Osvvoiro, Buffalo, Chicago,
Niagara, Oswegatclue, (JhampUun, Cuyahoga, Vermont,
Genesee, Cape Vincent, Presquo Isle, Sandusky, Miami,
Sauk Ste. Murie, Milwaukee, and Dunkirk, shall rcceivc
the compensation now provided by the fourth section of the
act of March 2, 1831, and in addition tlicieto, a sum equal
to twenty-five per cent, of the amount of fees collected, and
nil fees authorized by law hhall be paid into the Tiea^ury •
• Provided, That the aggregate compensation derived lioin
salary, fees, and all oihei sources, MiaJl not exceed in any
ease the sum of {$2,300 per annum.
Mr. CHANDLER. Striking that out leaves
the compensation precisely as it was before.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to bo engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. Chandler, its title was
amended by adding the words, " and for other
purposes."
f r SUBMARINE GABLE.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the bill (11. R. No. 715) to provide for the
construction of a submarine cable was taken up
for consideration as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of War to
cause to be constructed and laid down a subma-
rine calje from Fort McHenry, in Baltimoie, or
Fortress Monroe, to Galveston,Texu8;touchingat
Fort Macon, North Carolina; Port Royal, South
Carolina; Fernamlina, Florida; Key West, Flor-
ida ; Fort Pickens, Florida; and Galveston, Texas;
with a bmnch from Fort Pickens to New Oilcans,
or such part, of these lines as the exigencies of the
military service may require; end to enter into
contract, on behalf of the United States, with such
responsible parties as shall give security for the
prompt and faithful execution of the work.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to amend the bill in
the third line, by inserting,after the vvoids 14 Sec-
retary of War," the words " the Secretary of the
Navy, and the Secretary of the Treasury." The
purpose is to give the control of this matter to the
three members of the Cabinet most intimately
connected with the commerce and with the public
defenses of the country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the same line the words
*' he is" should be stricken out, and " they are"
inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made in order to make the bill gram-
matical.
Mr. GRIMES. After the woid "military,"
in the tenth lino, I move to insert " and naval."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be added to carry out the amendment already
made. •
Mr. GRIMES. In the eleventh line the word
" Secretary" should be "Secretaries," and the
words " Secretaries aforesaid are" should be in-
serted before " hereby,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments will b« made.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is a
bill from theHouseof Representatives, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The committee decided against it, and made a re-
port accordingly. The bill has remained on the
table of the Senate for several days since that re-
port was made; but within the last few days the
War Department have pressed upon us the great
importance of this action, and under the circum-
stances I do not feel that I ought to interpose any
doubt that I might have had as to the propriety
of passing it, and [ have made up my mind to vote
for the proposition
Mr. SHERMAN". I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa if we have an estimate of the
cost of this proposed work.
Mr. GRIMES. In answer to the Senator from
Ohio, I will say that I have not paid particular
attention to the subject of this telegraph; it was
not referred to any committee of which I was a
member, and my attention has only been called to
it at a recent day, and that attention has been so-
licited to it by the Navy Department, who deemed
it to be essential. I have heard incidentally from
probably the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and from others who have paid at-
tention to it, that the estimated expense of the
whole Imp, when completed around from Balti-
more by Old Point Comfort, Cape Hatteras, Wil-
mington, Charleston, Savannah, Fernandina, Key
West, Pensacola, Mobile, New Oilcans, and
down to Galveston, will amount to about two mil-
lion seven hundred thousand dollars. It is a very
large sum, Mr. President, but it is nothing if u
will answer the purposes and expectations of th,ise
who have charge of our military defenses. Sir,
suppose a ease. It is said that the Indianola has
been captured at Vicksburg, and that the rebels
are now in the possession of the Indianola and
the Queen of the West, as well as of their own
ram Webb. That is not known to Commodore
Farrugut, whose fleet is now opposite Port Hud-
son. Probably the first intelligence he will have
of the capture of these vessels will be the appear-
ance of the vessels themselves in the midst of his
fleet. Now, if we had a submarine telegraph by
which we could have conveyed the information
which reached us yesterday to him on the same
day at New Oi leans, and then have given him the
power, and he has it,to make communication by
steamboats plying between New Oileans and Ba-
ton Rouge, he would be piepared to defend him-
self against any attack which nughtbe made upon
him by the rebel gunboats. 1 only gave that as
an illustration of the advantages that would result
from the construction of thts work.
Mr. SHERMAN, i have always regarded this
project, which has been pending during the whole
session, as totally impracticable. The only at-
tempt to build a submarine cable of any length
was that across the ocean, about two thousand
miles long, and that failed afteran enormous cost.
I do not know the aggregate length of this; but if
it goes along the whole line of our coast it must
be at least as long, perhaps longer than the Atlan-
tic telegraph.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Two thou-
sand five hundred miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no point along the
whole line, with the exception of Fortress Mon-
roe and Key West,and perhaps Port Royal, where
it. will be brought to land, where we have such po-
sition and definite possession of the country that
it would be safe to establish a post where the wires
might be brouglft. to land; so that there would have
to be a continuous current almost from one end
to the other. Now, to invest $3,000,000 in such
an experiment at this time, itseems to me is haz-
ardous and foolish. I have no doubt that if the
bill passes they will attempt the undertaking.
We are as competent to judge upon the subject,
probably, as the Secretary of War, and the other
officers. Wo know by expel ience that it has failed
in the only attempt that has ever been made to
lay a long line. 1 think, therefore, we ought not
to pass the bill. It is a very grave and import-
ant matter. Men have their opinions about it,
and perhaps debate will not change them. It is
now called up on the last day of the session. I
do not know that it has received the sanction of
any committee of this body. My understanding
is that it was reported upon adversely. Now,
shall we take up this enormous project, a specu-
lation, it seems to me a doubtful experiment, and j
pass it at this period of the session, when the :
certain effect will be to involve tbp country in an
expenditure of at least $3,000,000, without any
certainty of success? I think we had better not
pass it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not agree with the
Senator from Ohio. If in the expenditure of
two and a half or three million dollars we stood
but one chance in th ee of a succeBS,l would ex-
pend the money. But, sir, I think we stand a
good chance of success. No portion of this |in$
will be over six hundred miles .without coming
to land; and to lay a telegraph line six hundred
miles in length under the water is not a very ex-
traordinary undertaking; plenty of them exist in
the world. The difficulty of a long line reaching
two thousand miles under the ocean is that the
current is so very long that the batteries have to
be so strong at one end or the other that it is im-
possible perhaps to keep up connection; but it
is not so with a line which is not more than six
or seven or eight hundred miles long. England
has them; France has them. Besides, I have been
informed, and I do not think it improper to state
the fact, that Louis Napoleon has contemplated
and does contemplate the building of a magnetic
telegraph from France to Mexico, looking to the
establishment of a line across the whole ocean,
and, more than that, looking apparently at perma-
nency in his affairs in Mexico.
But, sir, to pass over that, as I do not wish to
take any time, I am willing to go with the. com-
mittees on this subject, and to say that if the ex-
pendituie of two or three million dollars would
give us one chance in three of having this mag-
netic telegraph, I would be willing to vote the
money.
Mr. GRfcMES. I do not want the Senate to
understand, so far as I am concerned, that I
represent a committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It came from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I understand.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 confess that when I first
looked at this subject, I entertained very much
the opinion of the Senator from Ohio as expressed
to-day, and was opposed to the project, and I
should vote against it now if I had not been con-
verted during the jfast few weeks, after an exam-
ination into the necessities of the public service,
as I believe, under the preaching of facts and
events. I confess that the occurrences? on the
western rivers have had a good deal of influence
on my mind. I think that the capture of the In-
dianola and the Queen of the. West has had a very
perceptible effect on my judgment. I want the
means by which we can convey important intel-
ligence between New Orleans and Galveston, and
those points of the southern coast, and this place.
Mr, TENEYCIt. Mr. President, if we were
in a state of peace and our Treasuiy was full as
it hos been in times past, it would be very appro-
priate for us to consider this measure; but being
in a state of war, and our Tieasury being ex-
hausted, I have myself very great doubts of the
propriety of passing this bill, especially as the
rebels are roving the Gulfand the ocean with their
privateers. If this bill is to pass, it might per-
haps be very well to incorporate a section in it
making it a penal offense for the rebels to inter-
fere with the line in any way, punishable byline
and imprisonment. [Laughter.]
Mi. HOWARD. Before a justice of the peace
for contempt of the United States ! [Laughter.]
Mr. TEN EYCK. I should like to know, in
all sober seriousness, how we are to protect from
the assaults of those who are in arms against
us, this telegraph cable two thousand five hun-
dred miles in length, it may be said that the cable
cannot be raised from the bottom of the ocean by
means of any of these privateers, and ifthe anchor
of a privateer was to catch it, it would not break
or destroy the cable or anchor. Sir, there are a
thousand ways in which ingenious, resolute men,
determined to do mischief, as our opponents are,
could destroy this telegraph cable. These "way-
ward sisters" could very soon, by means of div-
ing-belis, and in various ways, break up the con-
nection, and your expenditure is lost; and these
bonds—us I understand that was the original prop-
osition—to the amount of millions are pledged
and gone, and the Government is to foot the bill.
I would respectfully move to lay this bill on the
table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
