558"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to that end; which ws referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. FOSTER presented additional papers in
relation to the petition of Rosa Renshaw and Car-
oline. T. Renshaw; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DO0LITTLE. I have received and desire
to present a memorial of the Legislature of the
State ,of Wisconsin to the Congress of the United
States, in relation to the enlargement of the Erie
canal and the Fox and Wisconsin rivers improve-
ment to admit the passage of gunboats. I ask
that the memorial be read, and printed.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Memorial to the Concjress of the United States in relation
to tire eolargement of the Erie canal, and of the Fox and
Wisconsin riveis improvement, to admit of the passage
of gunboats.
To the Honorable the Senate und House of Representatives
of the United State* in Congress assembled:
The memorial of the Legislature oi the State ot Wisconsin
respectfully represents: that the importance of the imme-
diate enlargement of the Erie canal and ofthe Fox and Wis-
consin livers improvement, to admit ofthe passage of gun-
boats, cannot, at this time of national peril, be overiated ;
that, in the event of a foreign war, the completion and use
of this wo k might result in the preservation of the Govern-
ment; that in peaceful times,with the danger of war averted,
its importance as, a great national work ishcarceiy le^as it
is demanded by a great and increasing commerce—a com-
merce that unites the We^t with the East, and enriches the
entire country.
The memoiial further repiescnts that the Fox and Wis-
consin livers improvement, reaching trom the great lakes
to the Mississippi, admitting ofthe passage of boats diaw-
ing three and a half loot of water, is nearly or quite com-
pleted. That to enlarge this work to admit ofthe parage
of gunboats one hundred and fortv-fom feet long by thnty-
four feet beam, and drawing si\ feet of water, will loqmre
an expenditure estimated by competent engineers at about
one million dollar*, as-um trifling m amount when consid-
ered in connection with the benefit to be derived theretiom,
ot when compared w itli the enonnou-? expenditures that aie
necessaiy in oider to unite the Mississippi and lakes by any
other channel. That the entire length ol &md impiovemcnt
is two hundred and eighty miles, a*, follows:
On the Lowet Fox uvei  35 miles.
On Lake Winnebago to Oshko^h  la '•
On the Upper Fox liver ] j;j <•
On canal connecting Fox and Wisconsin rivers.. 2 "
On Wisconsin river 1J5  
Total 280 "
That in Lake Winm-bago and the mouth of the Lower
Fo.\ can be found sate haibors for the entire couimeice ot
the lakes. That ot the enlaigement of the Eiie canal, the
chatacter ot the woik, and the expenditure necessarv to
complete it, your inemonalnts are not equally as well"in-
formed ; but they know Uiat the channel is a continuation
ot the mihmiy and eommejcial highway that connects the
West with ihc Ea^t.
^ The memorial fnuher jepresents that his Excellency the
Governor or V\ i.ccoumu, in his late mess-age to vour memo-
rialists, urges.upon them the proving neees-sitv tor this im-
portant national impiovcmcnt.
Tlierefoic, your memorialist*, so induced thereto, and
fooling Mich neeer^ity, in tuin urge upon the Krpie>enta-
tive.s of the people of the whole couiitiy, and especially
upon the KopieM'ntattve-, of the people ot tin* State, the
piecing neeesMty for this impiovenienr. and mo>t r* peet-
luily ask tli.u the enlaigement ot the Fox and Wisconsin
iiveis impiovement, and of the Erie canal may be under-
taken by tin; national Government at the earliest piacti-
cable moment.
The Governor of this State m hereby requested to trans-
mit a copy of this memorial to each of the Senators and
Representatives in Congress Irom tins State.
J. ALLEN BARKER,
Speaker of Jlsscmbly.
WYMAN SPOONER,
President of the Seiutte.
EDWARD SALOMON",
Governor.
Approved Januaiy 22, 1863.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 60:2) to establish a postal
money order system, repotted it withoutamend-
ment and adversely.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from tlie Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the will (S. No.
481) relating to juries in the courts of the United .
States, reported it without amendment. I
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the ml! (H. R. No. 636) concerning I
the district couits of the Territory of Washing- j
ton, reported it without amendment. ° \
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions, i
to whom was refeired the petition of Mary A. j
Baker, widow of Hon. Edward D. Baker, late a
Senator irom the State of Oregon, have instructed
me to report it back with a request that the com-
mittee be discharged from its fuither considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims, inasmuch as it prays for the payment of
expenses incurred by her late husband and not
for any pension, and is the appropriate business
of the Committee on Claims rather than of the
Committee on Pensions.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 452)
to regulate the mode of appointment of midship-
men in the Naval Academy, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the committee on Naval Af-
fairs, 10 whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 96') relative to the claim of W. Max-
well Wood, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Senate of the 16th of December, instructing
the committee to inquire whether the appointment
of officers to fill vacancies which have not oc-
curred during the recess of Congress, hat which
existed at the preceding session of Congress, is
in accordance with the Constitution, submitted a
report: which was ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered^ That the icport of the Secietaiy of the Treas-
. urv, communicating ntloimafion in relation to theeompen-
: sation ot eolJeetoi.s of custom.-, under the acts of May 7,
H-22, and March ^184), be printed.
BALLS' INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
| consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
; 492) to amend the laws relating to the Post Office
; Department; which was read twice by its title, re-
; fericd to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and oidered to be printed,
i Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
! by unanimous consentobtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 493) for the encouragement of reen-
j I ist men Is, and for enrolling and drafting the militia,
j and for other purposes; which was read twice by
| lis title, lxfrired to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and oidered to be printed.
| Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unan imous
| consent obtaim d, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
| 494) (o give greater efficiency to the judicial sys-
i tern of the United States; which was tead twice
! by its title, referred to tiie Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
CONFINEMENT OF Mil. THOMAS.
Mr. WALL submitted the following resolution;
| wlnclt was considered by unanimous consent, and
: agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Miliua be instructed to inquiie, lor the purpose ot' extend-
ing bucti relief as the eneunistances may requue, into the
case ot Mi. Thonuu*, of Mai viand, now a prisoner of war
at Fort La Fayette, who, tr is repiesented, has been con-
fined in a dung* on of that foi truss miicc June last, and is
now hopelessly ne-am: by reason of lus sufferings.
EXPORTATION' OF CONTRABAND ARTICLES.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I st.-bmit the following
resolution:
Resolved. That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate any ordeis issued by the Secretaries- of
War and of the Tie.^nty in regaid to a geneial piohibition
to e\port ai and munitions ot wai fiom the United States,
and especially to the Mexican lepubhc, and any orders in
regard to the exportation of atticles eontiaband of war for
the use ofthe Fiem-h armv invading Mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie-over.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 ask the Senator to al-
low the resolution to pass. 1 should like to have
it answered to-monovv.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to read it before
it is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, it
must lie over.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiibhidge, its Clerk, announced that the
! Speaker of the House of Representatives had
| signed the following enrolled bills; and they were
| thereupon signed by the Vice President:
! A bill (S. No. 437) to amend the act entitled
! "An act to amend the act of the 3d of March, 1837,
! entitled 'An act supplementary to the act entitled
i 'An act to amend the judicial system ofthe Uni-
I ted States;' "
! A bill (H. R. No. 5G8) to provide for the'print-
ing of the annual report of the banks of the Uni-
ted States; und
A joint resolution (S. No. 125) supplementary
to the act entitled "An act to provide for the im-
prisonment of persons convicted of crime by the
criminal court of the District of Columbia."
SUSPENSION OF THE HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. KENNEDY. Having been obliged to
leave the Senate yesterday in consequence of in-
disposition under which 1 have been suffering for
some time, I was prevented from voting on the
bill that passed last evening to indemnify the Pres-
ident for suspending the habeas corpus. If it does
not violate any rule of the Senate, 1 should like to
be allowed, by the courtesy <|f the' Senate, to re-
cord my vote. I hope it will be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection ?
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand the Sen-
ator aright 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. The thing lias never been
permitted in this body.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not desire to trespass
on any rule of the Senate. I can attain my object,
perhaps, by simply asking the reporter to note
the fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that it lias been permitted by unanimous
consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to its ever being
done again. The gentleman can answer all his
purpose by stating how he should have voted if
he were here.
Mr. KENNEDY. I certainly have trespassed
as little on the Senate as any gentleman here, and
I have not refused to extend courtesy of the same
sort to any gentleman that asked it. I will not
insist on it, however.
Mr. FOOT. I ask for the reading of the rule
on that point. It is very explicit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 17th rule will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"17. When the yeas and nays shall be taken upon any
question, in pursuance of the above itile, no member shall
be pcimitted, undei any ciieiim^tances whatever, to vote
after the decision is announced irom the Chair."
Mr. COLLAMER. To say that the thing has
been permitted by unanimous consent, is placing
those who wish to abide by the rules in the posi-
tion of making objections. 1 do not like that. I
want the rule to be abided by. I do not think it
will answer for the Senate to permit things of this
kind to be done,and thereby encourage members
to be absent, and perhaps break up a quorum; and
they may think it well enough if they can get in
their votes afterwards. That is my difficulty. I
simply want the rules abided by. I have no ob-
jection to the gentleman himself being allowed this
privilege, more than any other member; but I have
always objected to it.
Mr. KENNEDY. T withdraw the request, and
simply ask the reporter to state that if 1 had been
in my place I should have voted against the pas-
sage of the bill. #
Mr. LATHAM. I desire simply to state that
I was unavoidably and necessarily called out of
the Senate yesterday evening. Had f been pres-
ent when the vote was taken, I should have voted
in the negative.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF Mil. SAULSBURY.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I offer a resolu-
tion in regard to the privileges of the body, which
1 desire may be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas,Willard Saulsbury, a Senator from the State
of Delawaie, did on the 27th infant bring into the Senate
of the United State* a concealed weaponTand did then and
there, in the Senate, behave in a tmhulent and disorderly
manner, and when called tooiric i bythe Vice Piesidentdid
rufiioe to preserve oider, but did continue such turbulent
and disorderly behavior until he wai oidered into the cus-
tody ofthe Sergeant-at-Arnis, and did then and there make
threats to u-se said weapon upon said Sergcant-at-Arms, in
the pie^enee of the Senate, and did draw said weapon and
Uneaten to shoot said Sergeant-at-Aini>, and behave in a
manner disgraceful to the Senate and destructive of all
order and deeoium : Theretme.
Resoii-ed, That the said Saulsbury he, and he hereby
is, expelled fiom the Senate ol the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I did not
hear who it was that introduced that resolution
into the Senate. [ should like to know who was*
the Senator that offered it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution was
presented by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have not a word to say,
