1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sir, in reference to the mentor dement of that
resolution. I have no favors to ask. It may be
unbecoming my position and my character as a
Senator of a sovereign State to say more upon the
introduction of such a resolution as that; and, sir,
I will say no more. Let the Senate actas the Sen-
ate may judge proper under the circumstances. I
neither avow what is charged, nor disavow what
is charged. Let the proof be made to the Senate,
and let~them act according to their own judgment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire ask for the consideration
of his resoluiion at the present timer
Mr. CLARK. Some Senators desire that it lie
over. I will call it up to-morrow.
SURETIES 01? CHARLES N. PINK.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 487) for the iclief of William B. Snowhook
and others, have directed me to report it back and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present con-
"sideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. A judgment
having been recovered in the United States circuit
court of the northern district of Illinois against
Thomas Hoyne, E. S. Smith, Isaac Cook, Wil-
liam B. Snowhook, and Richard J. Hamilton, as
sureties of Charles N. Pine, late United States
marshal for that district, in which judgment is in-
cluded a sum of $2,500, money advanced to Pine
by the Government on the 9th of November, 1859,
after he had become known to the officers of the
United States to be a defaulter in officc, and after
two of the sureties had expressly notified the late
Secretary of the Interior of such official delin-
quency, and protested againstany further liability
being incurred by them, all of winch facts ap-
pear of recot (I in the archives of the Department of
the Interior; the bill proposes to diiect the Solicit-
or of the Tieasury to remit to the sureties, as a
credit upon theamountofthejudgmentmsatisfac-
tion pro tunto, the sum of$9,500 upon the payment
of the balance of the judgment by the sureties.
•It is provided, however, that nothing contained in
the act shall in anywise have the effect to release
the pi incipal in the bond for his liability thereon.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution reported by
him from the Committee on Naval Affairs on the
23d instant:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate the number
of midshipmen that may lie legally appointed at the Naval
Academy is two tor every member ami delegate of the
House of Itepie^ontative^, two for the District of Columbia,
and ten at latjjc, and three boys enlisted in the Navy, and
that the ten allowed by the eighth Miction of the act pa^ed
July 14, 1863, entitled "An act making appropnations for
the naval -service tor the yen,r ending June 30,1863, and for
other purposes" merely descriptive of the qualifications
and condition oftho^e whom the President mayappointat
laige, and that any other appointments, under whatever
color of Uw or necessity they have been made, are not au-
thorised by law.
Mr. HALE. If there is no debate on it, I have
nothing to say. I can explain it, if an explana-
tion is needed.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have a little
explanation from the Senator.
Mr. HALE. I will explain it. The Secretary
of the Navy, during the last vacation, made sev-
eral appointments to the Naval Academy, which,
in the opinion of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
were not warranted by law. I have reported an
amendment to a bill this morning, by instruction
of the committee, legalizing and confirming the
appointments already made, and for which the
committee behoved there was no authority. The
committee further instructed one of their mem-
bers to report a bill in regard to further increasing
the number of pupils at the Academy. The Sec-
retary of the Navy asks our opinion. He says
"that according to the construction heretofore given
to the law. there are still a large number of vacan-
cies, which he will proceed to fill, unless a dif-
ferent intimation is given by Congress by^the
commencement of the month of February. Fhe
committee believe he has no authority in law to
make them; and that the appointments had better
be made by law; and that the appointments which
may now be made legally are those indicated m
the resolution. That is all.
Mr. GRIMES. It is due to the Secretary of
the Navy, I think, that I should explain what I
understand to have been the motives that induced
him to make the appointments to the Naval Acad-
emy against which objections have been raised.
I am not prepared to say that the resolution now
under consideration is not technically right, and
that the construction which is given to the law by
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
is not the true construction.
Mr. HALE. The whole committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Be it so; but that there may
be no misunderstanding as to the motives which
impelled the Secretary of the Navy to this con-
duct, I wish to state to the Senate what is and
has been the condition of things m regard to the
Naval Academy. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has in his possession a table showing the
number of students at the Naval Academy on the
1st of January in each yearfor the last ten years.
By reference to that table it will be seen that, ten
years ago, wc had nearly one hundred more stu-
dents at the Academy than wo have to-day; after-
wards they fell off. The number that is allowed
by law at the Academy has beeu four hundred
and sixty-four. With that number at the Acad-
emy, there has not been, 1 ih ink, since it was es-
tablished under Mr. Bancroft, a laiger number
than eighteen who have passed the final gradu-
ation each year, and it has been almost impossi-
ble to keep up the first eighteen. Remember that
this number, four bundled and sixty-four, must
be divided into four classes. The proportion that
has graduated heretofore has not bccii one fourth;
and if you keep up the same standard of excel-
lence, require the same amount of attainments
and mental capacity in the students that may re-
main there, you will probably only graduate
about the same number. Now, look at this num-
ber and compare it with the size of the Navy, and
then look at the size of the Navy now, and im-
agine what will be the demands of the service if
you are going to supply it with educated officers.
The Navy to-day, i think 1 am safe m saying, is
ten times as large as it was ten years ago, and
yet under thelavvasit nowstands, with theAcad-
erny tilled up to the number that the Secretary
would have filled it up to if he had supplied ail the
vacancies, you would not have any more mid-
shipmen there than you had at that time.
We passed a law last session on the subject of
these appointments; it is embraced in what is
known as the grade bill. Now, whatever may
both'4 technical construction- that lawyeis may
2;tve to this law, it was the intention of those who
drew the law to give to the Secretary of the Navy
the power to fill these vacancies until the 4th of
March next, because they did not believe that it
was proper that the Navy establishment should
be destroyed or that it should be crippled becausc
of the secession by which the representation from
the South went off, and consequently deprived
the Academy of its supply. Hence, the eleventh
section of that act declared—
" That the students, at the Naval Academy shall be styled
midshipmen until then final sraduatm"examination when,
it successful, tiiey shall be coinim^MOitcd en^n--, lankinjj
according to meat. The ntnnbei allowed at the Academy
shall be two tor every member and delegate of the House
ot Representative-*, two tor the District ol Columbia,and
ten at l.uee. They shall be between the ages of fomteen
and seventeen, physical I) sound and well ioimed,and of ro-
bust constitution. They tdiall b<> examined foi admittance
to the Acadumv nceoulum to the icjriilatioiH which shall be
issued bv the Secreuuy of the Nav\ ; and lfrejected, shall
not have the piiviJuii<* of another examination for admission
to the same unh'-^ recommended by the board ot ex-
aminer*. The i'rcsidenl shall select two Horn the District
ot Columbia and the ten at l.ui « ; and the President shall
al-o be allowed tbr< e ye.uly appointment^ of midshipmen,
who -liaR bo no* over eighteen years ot a e, who shall be
selected troni boy«i nhMed m the Navy, and who have been
at lea^t one \ear m tin; *eivice, six months ol which <duill
have been <0.1 s Mvice."
These are the general provision." of the law in
rcaid to appointments that may be made up to
the 4th of.March; ami then the section goes on
to say:
•■From and after the 5tli of March, 1863, the nomination
of candidates for admi—ion into the Naval Academy
lie made between the ."itli of Mareh and the Ut nl Jul) of
each yar1—
How?—
" upon the \ prommendation of the member or delegate from
actual residents ot his district, and they shall be examined
foi admission in July."
It does not require that of the appointments
made before the oth of March, 1863.
Mr. HALE. But there was another law that
was not repealed.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that. l,say this
section did not require that the appointment*
which were made prior to that time should be
made upon the designation of the Representatives
in Congress. That bill, as it Was drawn, was
amended in some of its features before it became
a law; but not in this particular. The Secretary
of the Navy, construing the law as it was the in-
tention of those who drew it that it should be con-
strued, saw fit to go on and appoint fifty, midship-
men to the Academy, leaving one hundred and
twenty-nine vacancies still existing.
I have stated this in justice to the Secretary
of the Navy. That is the way in which he con-
strued the law, after consultation,as 1 understand,
with those who felt a deep interest in the subject,
and who were familiar with all the laws oil the
subject. Neither he nor those with whom he con-
sulted thought that because of this rebellion we
should cripple ourselves and deprive ourselves of
the educated naval officers that are required for
the service of the country. I have nothing to say
in opposition to the resolution now under consid-
eration. I am perfectly content that it shall
pass, because the Committee on Naval Affairs
have provided by another bill, which I trust will
become a law, or something like it, by which the
Academy will be filled up to its capacity for in-
struction.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up the reso-
lution offered by me yesterday, to amend the rules
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to modify the
resolution, so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the 34th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding tin; following n'ord*>. '• a Committee on Agricul-
ture, to collet of live members."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will lie over.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been lying over in ac-
cordance with the requirement oQhe rules of the
Senate. We have now a Department of Agricul-
ture, but wc have no appropriate committee in this
body to which the business relating to that De-
partment can be referred.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know from
gentlemen in favor of this resolution, what busi-
ness this Depaitment can have for a committee
here. The business heretofore has been committed
to the Committee 011 Patents and the Patent Office,
and I have hardly heard and seen anything there
of the Department of Agriculture, except an at-
tempt to destroy it. I think that is the only busi-
ness before that committee relating to the Depart-
ment of Agriculture.
Mr. HARLAN. Heretofore it was appropri-
ate that all business of that kind should be referred
to the Committee on Patents and the PatentOffice,
because the agricultural business was transacted
under the supervision of the Commissioner of
Patents; but Congress has ill its wisdom passed
a law instituting a separate Department, sty led the
Department of Agriculture, since which tlieie has
been no appropriate committee authorized by the
Senate. 1 think it is eminently proper that it
should be done. If there is no business of that
kind that can be considered by a committee of
Congress, it seems to me there can he no busi-
ness for a Department of Agriculture to transact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why I ob-
ject to this proposition is, thai it is just another
step towards making a very large expenditure in
this direction. I suppose gentlemen will recollect
what was said lieie tit the last session when we
passed the bill creating the Depaiuiient of Agri-
culture. I objected then to making ir a sepaiate
Department, and taking it out of the Depai imcnt
of the Interior, and I objected to it on the ground
j that it would result m making very large appro-
! priations, and would lead to a large expenditure,
i 1 was assmecl by the Senator from fihode Island,
j who had the management ot it, Mr. Simmons,
' and he begged for it on the ground that all m the
j world thelarmers asked for was that you should
| just give them nominally a separate Department,
I because it dignified their position a little more, but
] that it would be no additional expendituiejevery-
j thing was to be confined within the present limits;
I there was no desire to enlarge; they only wanted
