1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LATHAM. The Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why the Com-
mittee on Finance in the Senate has not acted on
the matter is, that we thought it advisable to have
a direct and specific recommendation from the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject before
acting on a question of this description, with in-
formation furnished from the proper authority as
to its necessity, and the facts which might render
it necessary. It was referred to a member of the
committee, who has never reported on the subject,
and consequently we were without information.
It comes row to us at this very late stage from the
House of Representatives, passed this morning,
and laid on our tables; and I presume no member
of the Senate, except it may be the Senator from
California himself, has read the bill. It is a long
bill, embracing a considerable number of sections.
I think if the Senate will pass it, it will pass it en-
tirely on the faith of the House report, without
any recommendation from its own committee,and
without any recommendation from the Secretary
of the Treasury, who has given no opinion on the
subject. Such legislation, in my judgment, would
be very hasty and unwise. Surely there can be
no such pressing necessity for the establishment
of a branch mint at once in Nevada, as we have
recently established one in Colorado, and one not
long since in California, as to induce us to hurry
a bill of this kind through the Senate in this very
hasty manner. It would be very much safer, in
my judgment, that the matter should stand over
for a year, and not be acted upon now, when the
Senate is in the condition that it is, and this is a
new subject presented to us precisely in the form
in which it is presented. I have no power or
ability to give an opinion on the bill itself, or the
merits of the question, for the simple reason that
there has been no report made to our committee
on the subject. I have been totally-unabie to ex-
amine it myself; and, therefore, whether the bill
is right or wrong, in general or in detail, neither
I nor any other member of the committee, that I
am aware of, can express any opinion. The Sen-
ate is not in possession of the facts, as far as I
know, and must act for itself.
Mr. LATHAM. Of course, I should much
have preferred it if this bili had undergone the
investigation of the Committee on Finance, and
the chairman of that committee had been author-
ized to say that it met with their approval; but
it is quite evident that at this late period of the
session the bill could not take that course, and
therefore I made the motion I did when it came
from the House, that it should lie on the table
instead of being referred, and that I should after-
wards call it up.
The bill has been very carefully considered by
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives. Accompanying the bill is a
very elaborate report, which I will not call on the
Secretary to read, as I think it would be an un-
necessary consumption of time. That report, pre-
pared by a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House, shows that there is the
greatest necessity for the establishment of this
branch mint. The report states (and in my hum-
ble judgment rather understates than overstates)
that the estimated yield of gold and silver in that
Territory at the present time is $2,000,000 pet-
month, making $24,000,000 per annum. 1 think
the yield of gold and silver is nearer $3,000,000
than $2,000,000 per month. The report also shows
that the total amount of silver bullion brought
down by one express company alone for ten
months of the year 1862 was over one hundred
and fifty thousand pounds, and it may be safely
stated at two hundred thousand pounds for the
entire year. The report further goes into the cost
of transporting the bullion from the mines of Ne-
vada to the branch mint of San Francisco, which
is the nearest point where the ^oid and silver can
be deposited for coinage, and it shows that it
amounts to a tax of from five to six percent.; that
the i*eturns are received in about thirty days, with
an additional cost of two per cent, in carrying back
the coin, making an actual tax of about seven per
cent, on the gold production of the Territory of
Nevada. The report goes on to say:
" The tranepoifation of silver is Hill more expensive.
The bullion umh! in commerce can be shipped abioad m
that shape as well, if not better, than in com. The coin-
age of the amount that would find its way out of the Terri-
tory in payment of supplies and transportation, it is believed,
will reach at least half a million per annum."
That ought to be saved to the people of that
Territory, to our own citizens; and in my humble
judgment this bill will conduce to its retention in
the country, an article that certainly we are very
much in need of at present.
These simple statements comprise the pith of
the report made by the Committee of Ways and'
Means. This bill is nothing more than a copy
of the bill that was passed at the last session of
Congress for a branch mint in Cplorado Terri-
tory. There is nothing m it, I believe, different
from all bills of this kind which have been passed
by Congress within the last few years. It is as
much guarded as these bills always are. As far
as the details of the bill are concerned, I appre-
hend the chairman of the Committee on Finance
will concede that the Committee of Ways and
Means would probably throw around the estab-
lishment of an institution like this the ordinary
safeguards.
The whole question therefore resolves itself, in
my humble judgment, not to the mere details of
the bill, but to the necessity of establishing the
institution at all; and as to that necessity, I think
I have stated sufficient reasons why Congress
ought at once to pass this bill. The heavy tax
on the producers there, the wonderful increase of
gold and silver bullion, and the necessity of keep-
ing it in our own country by coining ltourselvcs,
are all sufficient inducements, at least they have
been heretofore, for Congress to order the estab-
lishment of an institution of this kind.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance suggests that this bill had just as well lie
over another session of Congress, and then be
considered. I do not see any force in a sugges-
tion of that kind, because we are in possession
now of quite as much evidence of its necessity as
we shall be then. If I saw any reason why the
public interest would be better subserved by al-
lowing the bill to go over for, 1 suppose, nine or
ten months of the year, I would consent to it; but
I cannot; and 1 have yet to hear from the honor-
able Senator any good reasons why, for the pro-
motion of the public interest, this measure should
be delayed. 1 shall content myself with this brief
statement, and ask for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pas-
sage of this bill the yeas and nays are requested.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wish to say that
I do not see the necessity of this railroad speed in
legislation. Of course the people who go into
these new Territories must submit to some incon-
veniences. It was a much longer time before a
mint was established in California after the dis-
covery of gold there than it has been since gold
mines were discovered in Nevada. Wemusthave
time to deliberate on these things. People who
go to the new Territories in pursuit of wealth,
&c., however much to be encouraged, must sub-
mit to some inconveniences. The Government
cannot at once do all that is required by their sit-
uation. What I object to is, that we do not get
this information, or do not seem to get it, from
authentic sources, and the Senate really does not
know enough of it at present to judge of the pro-
piiety of the thing itself. We may have outside
opinions. It is very easy to go to this gentleman and
that, this official and that official, and obtain their
opinions in favor of a proposition. I have no doubt
the people of Nevada wish it; 1 have no doubt it
would be a very considerable convenience to them;
but still the question returns, whether it is a prop-
er mode of legislation to take at a jump a thing
of this sort, which involves the expenditure of so
large an amount of money, and without being au-
thentically in possession of the facts necessary to
enable us to form an opinion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I noticed in the reading of
the bill that the superintendent of the mint, or
some officer, was authorized to employ as many
clerks as he saw fit. I think there was no limit
to the number.
Mr. LATHAM. The clerks are to be ap-
pointed under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. That explanation is satis-
factory to me.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the passage
of the bill the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas ant! nays,*
resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows; * • '
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, CarlUe, Chandlery
Dixon, Foster, Harding, Harris. Henderson, Hicks, Uowey
Lane of I ndiana, Lane of Kansas, Latbam. Ne.-iaith, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Rice, Richardson, Wade, Wall, WiUcy, Wll-
mot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri
—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Fes-
senden, Foot, Grimes, Uarian, Morrill, Saulsbury, Sumner,
and Trumbull—12.
So the bill was i
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced,
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 562) to facilitate the taking of
depositions within the United States, to be used
in the courts of other countries, and for other
purposes;
A bill (S. No. 534) for the relief of Caroline T.
Renshaw;
A bill (S. No. 540) to authorize the brevetting
of volunteer and other officers in the United States
service;
A bill (S. No. 537) to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain purchasers on the Soscol Ranch ,
in the State of California;
A bill (S. No. 564) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize theemploymentof volunteers
to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public
property," approved July 22,1861;
A bill (S. No. 483} to establish the gauge of tho
Pacific railroad and its branches;
A bill (S. No. 557) to provide for issuing an
American register to the steam-vessel Maple Loaf;
A bill (S. No. 435) for a grant of lands to the
State of Kansas in alternate sections to aid in the
construction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State;
A bill (S. No. 536) to incorporate the institution
for the education of colored youth in the District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 494) to give greater efficiency to
the judicial system of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 526) to authorize the appoint-
ment of a Deputy Treasurer of the United States,
and to fix the pay of the Treasurer, clerks, and
messengers in the office of the Treasurer of the
United States;
A bill (S. No. 548) to provide circuit courts for
the districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 208) granting lands to the States ^
ofMichigan and Wisconsin, to aid iri the const i uc-
tion of a military road fiom Fort WiikniH, Cop-
per Harbor, Keewenaw county, in the State of
Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green bay, in the
State of Wisconsin; /
A bill (S. No. 543) to provide for the disposal
of certain lands therein named;
A bill (S. No. 565) for the removal of tho Sis-
seton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wahpa-
koota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for
the disposition of their lands in Minnesota and
Dakota;
A joint resolution (S. No. 133) to grant the
use of a portion of Judiciary or At mory Square,
for a home fordestitute news-boysin Washington;
A joint resolution (S. No. 131) to facilitate the
payment of sick and wounded soldiers m the
hospitals and convalescent camps; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 129) authorizing the
collection in coin of postages due on unpaid mail
matter fiom foreign countries.
WASHINGTON AND PITTSBURG RAILROADS.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to postpone
prior orders, and take up Senate bill No. 495.
It has been before the Senate once or twice, and
laid aside. It is reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs. It is a bill to facilitate the trans-
portation of troops, military stoies, and mails to
the city of Washington.
Mr. FESSENDEN I hope that bill will not
be taken up.
Mr. HARRIS. I have been trying all the
