1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to the compensation of the clerk of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion whs agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion:
Rrsolvcd, That tho annual compensation of the present
clerk of tiny Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
shall be, iroin the commencement of this Congress, the
same as that of the clerk of the Committee on Financc, or
Printing, or Claims.
Mr. HOWARD. I will simply say that there
is great disparity between the measure of com-
pensation allowed, to the clerk of the Committee
on Military Affairs and the clerks of those other
three committees. The clerk of the Committee
on Military Affairs receives now an average an-
nual compensation of about seven hundred dol-
lars; while the clerks of those other committees,
'the Committee on Printing, (he Committee on Fi-
nance, and the Committee on Claims,are receiving
about eighteen hundred dollars a year. Being a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs, I
can testify in favor of our clerk that he is a most
faithful and excellent officer, and has devoted his
time faithfully and well to the duties of his station,
and has been a very great aid and benefit to the
committee m their laborious investigations arid du-
ties. 1 hope the Senate will not hesitate to place
him on precisely the same ground as to compen-
sation with the clerks of those other committees.
It seems to me only fair.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senate will pass
this resolution. As a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I wish to bear testimony to
the fact that the clerk of that committee, in my
judgment, has done more work than the clcrk of
any other committee of this body, and has been
more constantly and more faithfully at work. I
think it is no disparagement of the chairman of that
committee or to its members to say that but for
his experience and skill connected with the mili-
tary legislation of the country, and his constant
attention to bills relating to the organization of the
Army, it would have been utterly impossible for
the committee to get along at all. I hope the Sen-
ate will not hesitate for a moment in passing the
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the Sen-
ate establishing a rule for the future, but this goes
back and gives this salary for two preceding years,
commencing with the present Congress, on the
4th of March, ]861.
Mr. LATHAM. This resolution was offered
at the last session of Congress by the Senator from
Michigan, and in consequence of the pressure of
business did not pass.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate refused to pass it.
Mr. LATHAM. I beg the Senator's pardon;
1 think not.
Mi. GRIMES. It was called up, and the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Frssende.y,] I remember,
opposed it, and it was laid on the table, and it has
lahf thcte ever since.
Mr. HOWARD. It was not laid on the table.
Mr. GR1MES. Well, it was opposed in such
a way that it was manifest it could not pass.
Mr. HOWARD. Jf the Senator will excuse me,
it is quite immaterial what may have been the
action of the Senate on that matter. It was <fl-
fered on the last day of the session, and the press
of business was so great that it could not receive
the attention of the Senate.
The Senator from iowa claims that this resolu-
tion has a retroactive effect. I appeal to that Sen-
ator and I appeal to all Senators to take into con-
sideration this fact: this gentleman has been act-
ing as the clerk of the Military Committee since
the commencement of this war, and his labors
have been arduous and constant, and have been
greatly increased in consequence of the civil war.
We all know pei fectly well that the duties of that
committee have been greatly augmented in con-
sequence of the existence of the insurrection; and
we have been obliged to rely in a veiy great de-
gree on his ability, fidelity, and intelligence in as-
sisting us in the discharge of our onerous and la-
borious duties. It seems to me it will be obvious
at the fust blush that this clerk must necessarily
have performed services as laborious and as val-
uable, certainly, to the country, as the clerk of
the Committee on Piinting, or tho clerk of the
Committee on Finance. I might go so far as to
Bay that, in n y judgment, so far as I can under-
stand their relative duties and labors, I think he
must have performed vastly more labor than the
clerk of either of tkose committees, owing to the
existence of the insurrection and the war. It seems
to me to be a little illiberal to object to the reso-
lution because it has a retroactive effect. He is just
as much entitled to compensation for the past as
for the future.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will state, in addition to
what the Senator from Michigan has said, that
to my certain knowledge, having been a member of
the Committee o* Military Affairs for the past two
years, the present clerk has had inducements equal
to the compensation now proposed to be given to
him to go into the War Department. The late Sec-
retary of War, Mr. Cameron, as well as the pres-
ent Secretary, was very anxious, indeed, that he
should leave the Committee on Military Affairs
of the Senate, and accept a clerkship with the pay
that we arenowfixing in his Department; but the
committee were unwilling to lose his services,
knowing that they could not be replaced 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is his compen-
sation now?
Mr. LATHAM. Aboutseven hundred dollars
a year. The committee promised that they would
do justice to him m time, and under that promise
he has continued with us up to the present period.
Mr. POWELL. I know the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs very well. He is a
man of fine intelligence and a faithful officer. I
believe that this resolution ought to pass, and that
he ought to have, the compensation indicated in
the resolution, i hope it\vill be passed. When the
Government has a faithful officer, who is always
at his post, we ought not to be niggardly in pay-
ing him; we should give him what his services are
worth. It is well known to the Senate that there is
no committee of the Senate that has had more la-
bor thrown upon it since these difficulties have
occurred than the Committee on Military Affairs.
I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt but that this
gentleman—I know him very well, as well as the
Senator from Kentucky—isa very excellentclerk.
I have no doubt he has been performing very la-
borious duties; but my great objection is, that
whenever we adopt this resolution another com-
mittee will come in and will be equally unanimous
in favor of paying their clerk and letting the res-
olution have a rett oactivc effect; and thus we shall
go on and raise the p-ay of all our clerks. There
was some principle, I believe,in theestablishment
of a salary for the clerk to tho Committee on Fi-
nance. i do not know that it exists now; but at
the time it was established it was supposed it was
upon some principle: that the clerk was to remain
here during the recess as well as during the session
of Congress, and inform himself in regard to the
financial affairs of the country. This clerk to the
Committee on Mihtaiy Affaus receives precisely
the same salary as all the other clerks, except
those who have a stated salary. I think the pay
is six dollars a day. During the time they are not
acting as clerks they are pursuing their ordinary
avocations, i havc*no earthly objection to the
clerk 
Mr. LATHAM. Allow me to interrupt the
honorable Senator by stating that such is not the
case with this clerk, because I know that during
the recess he has been employed in codifying the
military laws for the use of the committee, and
has been constantly at work.
Mr. GRIMES. He was codifying the military
laws, I think, for a publishing house in Philadel-
phia.
Mr. LATHAM. Not entirely, I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that was the fact; and
it was not for the military committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This resolu-
tion is before the Senate as m Committee of the
Whole, and open to amendment.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
1 PETITION.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 a sic the unanimous consent
of the Senate to present the memorial of Dr.
Charles T. Jackson, of Massachusetts, in which
he represents that he has learned through the news-
paper reports that William G.T.Morton, for-
merly a dentist, has petitioned Congress for the
1^ awn id to him of a lui^e sum of.moncy, as a com*
ji pensation for the use of ether in the Aimy and
jj Navy of the United States; and he concludes with
!: the prayer that " Congress would not make any
grant of money to the said Morton, but claims
that-to him, the petitioner, the reward is prin-
cipally due if Congress thinks proper at this time
to grant any compensation to the discoverer of the
ansesthetic use of ether." As this question is
already before the Senate on the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I move that this
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Btheridge, its Clcrk, announced that the
House of Representatives had insisted upon its
amendments to the bill of the Senate (No. 554)
to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and the republic of Peru signed at
Lima on the 12th of January, 1863, for the set-
tlement of claims, disagreed to by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. William P. Sheffield,
of Rhode Island, Mr. Daniel W. GoocH,ofMas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Roscoe Conkling, of New
Yoik, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 359) to reorganize the courts in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received tho signature of the
President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 393) concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and prize goods;
A bill (S. No. 506) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more certain
and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow of Biigadier Geneial Isaac I.
Stevens;
A bill (S. No. 574) supplementary to an acton-
titled "An act for the relief of persons for damages
sustained by reason of depredations and injuiies
committed by certain bands of Sioux Indians,"
approved February 16, 1863;
A joint resolution (S. No. 117) giving the
thanks of Congress to Major General William
S. Rosecrans, and the officers and men under his
command, for their gallantry and good conduct in
the battle of Murfreesboro', Tennessee;
A joint resolution (S. No. 132) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title to
certain property in the city of Denver, Colorado
Territory, for the purposes of the branch mint
located in said place; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue American
registers to certain vessels named therein.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, a statement of the
expenditure of theappropi iatton for the contingent
expenses of the military establishment for the year
1862; which was ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a i eport of the Secretai y of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 28th of February, information in re-
lation to the liberation of prisoners captured by the
naval forces of the United States, and the restora-
tion, for avaluableconsideration, of property cap-
tured from the enemy; which was ordered to he
on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
slating that for certain reasons it is deemed inex-
pedient to communicate the proceedings of the
court-martial in the case of Commander Charles
Hunter, called for by the resolution of the Senate
of the 25th of February; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
ASSISTANT SURGEONS OP CAVALRY.
The bill (H. R. No. 753) for the relief of cer-
tain persons who have petformed the duties of
assistant surgeons in regiments of cavalry was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ahould
