1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
States meet again they will certainly give a vote
of thanks to the naval officer who shall perform
that achievement; and the commission of admiral
will date, not from the vote of thanks, but from
the day when the achievement for which the vote
of thanks is given* was performed. Does not the
Senator from Illinois know that, that is so? We
have confirmed many and many an officer here
during this session, and his new rank dated back.
It is not dated from the day that we confirm him,
or the day he was appointed, but it dates back to
the time when he performed the service for which
be received his promotion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him n question right there r
Mr. ARNOLD. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that the com-
mission may dale buck. Does the Senator from
Rhode Island hold that it is competent for Con-
gress to deprive the President of the power to fill
this office for nine months in the year?
Mr. ARNOLD. I presume it is competent for
Congress to prescribe the rule upon which th >
office shall be given. There is no doubt in my
mind, nor has any member of the Naval Commit-
tee a doubt on that point. All the ground gone
over by the Senator from Illinois has been care-
fully considered in the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs,and we havedecided upon the bill as it stands
in the amendment now offered.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. The appointment is un-
der the Constitution, not under the law,and you
cannot alter the appointment. The Constitution
says that every office which shall be created by
law shall be filled by the President. Now, you
cannot say by a law, when you have created the
ofiicc, that he shall not fill it except as Congress
shall direct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I differ entirely from the
Senator, if the law creates the office, the ap-
pointment must be under the law, and according
to the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The appointment is ac-
cording to the Constitution, and the Constitution
has told you how the appointment is to be made,
and you can make it in no other way. The Sen-
ator from Maine surely does not mean to insist
that you Can provide for the appointment of an
officer under the Constitution of the United States
in any other way than that which is provided in
the Constitution? What is the language?
Ho shall Inve power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of thi! Senate, to make treaties, See., and ho shall nom-
inate, and by and vvuli tho advic and consent of the Sen-
ale, ^Irnll nppnnit, embassadors, other public minister- and
eoii-uIs, of the Supreme Couit, and all other alliens
of the United States wlio-e appointment^ are not hoicm
otherwise piovided lor, and wluch fhull be established by
law."
All offices of the United States which shall be
established by law he shall fill. This law estab-
lishes the office of rear admiial. You cannot in
the law determine how the President shall appoint
him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly we can. Idis-
Rent from that proposition entirely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then you and I are en-
tirely at is&ue on the construction of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Constitution goes no
further, and is no further a strict limitation than
to say the President is the appointing power. So
he is; but he must appoint according to the Con-
stitution; and if it is a law of Congress creating
the office, lie must appoint according to the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law cannot alter the
Constitution."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course not.
Mr. ARNOLD. Then theSenator from Illinois
raisesuconstitutional question on this clause ofsec-
tion seven of the act. The Senator In lped to enact ■
that law himself. It was done at i he last session. '
Does the Senator mean that he gave his assent to !
what he now denounces as an unconstitutional
law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention was not j
called to tins particular clause at the time the bill !
passed. It often happens that things ate passed !
in Unit way without being noticed. My attention !
certainly was not drawn to that provision. !
Mr. ARNOLD I do not considerthe law un- j
constitutional; nor was it so considered in the com- J
m it tee; nor do I think the argument of the Senator i
from Illinois now would convince one that it is so. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. if the law .should enact 1
that no person should receive an office until he
was twenty-one years of age, I should like to
know if that would not be perfectly constitu-
tional ?
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, we are very apt
to judge general principles by individual cases
When a man has a friend, who h^ thinks is a
worthy man,and wants to see him promoted,and
thinks he does not receive that credit to which he
is justly entitled, he is very apt to find fault with
the appointing power that does not select that
fiiend, or with the law which seems to preclude
him from being selected. I do not know that that
is the case with any individual Senator in the judg-
ment that he may form of this law; but 1 only
wish to warn Senators against being influenced
by any considerations like that.
This law was enacted nearly a year ago. Up
to this time we have had six rear admirals ap-
pointed. We established at that lime a ladder by
which they might climb up to that distinguished
rank. We said to them, u if you will distinguish
yourselves in this particular service; if you will
achieve some great conquest in this part of the
country or in that part of the country, you shall
be made a rear admiral; you shall have the high-
est honor belonging to your profession which the
country can bestow upon you." And what is the
result? Why, sir, we have admirals who com-
mand the admiration and respect of the whole
country. I believe everybody is satisfied with
them. And now, after the law has worked as
well-as it has, it is proposed by the Senator from
Illinois to knock this ladder from beneath the
others who are attempting to climb up, and allow
it to become a ineic political scramble.
The Senator from Illinois talked about these
men having been thanked, and that they were
likely to be thanked from political considerations.
I should like to have him satisfy the Senate that
a man would not be much more likely to be made
an admiral through political considerations with-
out the vote of thanks than he would with it.
Reference has been made to some naval officers
of very consideiable merit who are now serving
in the capacity of acting admirals. It was a matter
of favor that they weie peimitted to be acting ad-
mirals. They were given fine commands. They
were told, "go and take this place; go and open
the Mississippi river,distinguish yourselves, win
your laurels, and you shall receive them."
These places have been kept open as incentives
to emulous deeds, to noble daring, to the per-
formance of high duties on the part of your offi-
cers; and now it is proposed to abolish the law,
and to allow political influence about the Piesi-
dential Mansion to control the appointments of
admiicils, and not allow the merits of those indi-
vidual persons to he passed upon in the first in-
stance by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. President, it is an old axiom, and I think
a very good one, that it is always best to let well
enough alone. ILis any Senator heard any gen-
eral denunciation of this law? Can he point to
one single instance, except, perhaps, in the case
of the individual man who may happen to be a
friend of his, whete complaint has been made of
it? Has he seen in the public prints any general
denunciation, or any special denunciation of the
law as it now stands? Was not that law which
created your rear admirals, and defined the mode
through which and by which they should be se-
lected, received with general acclamation by the
country? Has it not been accepted as something
that was honorable to Congress and to the na-
tion, and honorable, also, to those who deserve
it? And now u is proposed by the Senator from
Illinois to abolish this law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on Naval
Affairs repoited a bill to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is on our tables. I
have the bill here from the Committee on Naval
Affairs to repeal this very section.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, if the Senator
had listened to the remntks of the Senatoi from
Rhode Island, who presented the bill, (and I think
he was professing to listen to tlieni,) lie would
have learned that there was a diversity of opinion
in the committee on that subject, and the Senator
fiom Rhode Island was authorized to submit that
proposition and call the attention of the Senate to
it, and let the vote be taken in open Senate. It
is not the sentiment of the committee. It never
has been my sentiment, t think it is not the sen-
timent of the naval profession. I confess that I
have never seen but one single man, and the Sen-
ator from Illinois knows him very well, belong-
ing to the profession, and I am tolerably well ac-
quainted with persons in that profession, both in
the higher and m the lower grades, who wanted
to have it changed. This is all I have to say, sir.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I heard the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who
unfortunately has not been with us for some time,
rise in his place and say, that this act, which the
Senator from Iowa tells us he has heard no com-
plaint of, was the most iniquitous act that had
ever passed Congress, and he would be willing to
end his political life if he could retrace his action
and retrace the action of Congress by repealing
that law. The Senator from Iowa now seems to
have heard no complaint of it. The chairman of
his committee 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator must not put me
in a false position. 1 stated that I knew of no
man belonging to the naval profession, either in
the high or low ranks, except one man, who had
complained of it. I did not speak of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the Sen-
ator very well knows that I did not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is evidence pretty con-
clusive that there must be very general complaint
of it, or the chairman of the Naval Committee
would not have made such a statement.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Naval
Committee did not state anything in regard'to the
sentiment on the subject. He only expressed his
own individual opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. His opinion, doubtless,
was based on information; and knowing the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire as we do, the Senator
from Iowa does not suppose that he would reck-
lessly, and without having something to base it
upon, make such a declaration to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator's assumptions are
wholly gratuitous. He knows nothing about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, we know what he
said; and the Senate will judge, and the country
will judge, whethertheSenatorfrom New Hamp-
shire would make a declaration of that kind that
had not some basis.
As to the remarks of the Senator that personal
considerations might affect Senators in regard to
this bill, i suppose the Senator feels quite secure
that the Naval Committee of this body, of which
he is so distinguished a member, can have no per-
sonal considerations whatever in having the con-
trol within theirown hands of every person who
shall be an admiral in this country. Why have
ihey tied up the votes of thanks of the House of
Represeniauvt's ? Has any person passed this
body except upon the recommendation ofthe Sen-
ator fiom Iowa? I shall make no attacks; I will
not be driven to make any assaults upon the gen-
tlemen who have been nominated and approved
as rear admirals.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator intends
to be fair. He alludes to some persons who have
been nominated for votes of thanks, and who have
not passed. Tin? Piesident of the United States
sent to Congress the names of certain persons for
votes of thanks before the passage of the act in
regard to the grade bill, which was approved on
the lCth of July, 1SR2. After the passage of that
law, and it became known that the result of the
passage of the vote of thanks would be to give all
of the forty men who were included in that res-
olution of thanks, ten yeais more of service on
the active list, and put them all a grade higher
than that which they then occupied, it was not
desiied by the President and by the Cabinet that
we should proceed further; and the'Committee
acted in precise obedience to the wishes of the
President of the United States when he sent in the
recommendation. We have not shut up in our
hands the nomination of any man; nor have we
the power to say who shall be confirmed or who
shall not be confii med, or who shall be appointed,
or who shall not be appointed u rear admiral of
the United States Navy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can very well conceive
if this power of nomination is in any measure con-
trolled by Congress by being confined to those
who rect ive a vote of thanks, political influences,
or personal influences, the influences of friends m
high place may have great weight in the action
of Congress. I can see that very well; and pre-
