1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
eminent see to ita as a laige emigration of prominent men,
such as C. T. JBotts, Colonel Inge, and others of like senti-
ment, aie removing to tlmt quarter.
The consul thcie is. without Hilary, and, you are aware,
the fees ot such an office would be inadequate to pay the
con&uPs board. I am very desirous that some piovi&ion, by
special act or otherwise, may be made to piovide a lnod-
oiate salaiy to the consul, say ft-J.OOO per aiimnn.
Tiie present cohmiI. \V. L. BaKer, E>q., \< at this time
heie, having been liteiallv staived out and nnpoveiiahed by
a yeai and a hall' re^deuce at t«ua>amn ; but, considci lug
the impoitanee o{ the po-a, myself and sevetal other gen-
tlemen have prevailed 011 hnn to return and make an efiort
with the Goveinrnetii to ^cenie a *alaiy. Mi. Bakei ieluc-
tantly yields to oui request,baciced by slight pecnmaiy aid,
which will enable him to hold on for a tew months, until it
can be ascoitamed whethei the Government will piovide a
salary.
Governor Spiajjue, of Rhode Island, will fee! ajjieat in-
teiest in Mr. Bakei ; and, a> our delegation will naturally
feel tin1 mipoitanee ot having an elheicnt eonrail at this
point. I have no hesitation in a&kltig the cd >pcrationof our
delegation
I am. with gteat repaid. vour obedient servant,
13. \V. BtTKR.
Uon.T. G. Phelps, TFWmi<j£on, D. C.
Dppartmevt of Static,
Washington, January 17, lbb'J.
Sir: t have the honor to request that an appropiiauon
of ^1,357 Ui, or so much thereof as shall be tound neecs-
saiy. he made {'or the compensation ot the consulate ai
Gnay.itna-:, Mexico, fiom the 5th of August, It?o 1, to the
30th of June, 18(52; and that an appioptlalioti ot'$l,.'>00 be
made for that consulate for the eunent fiscal yea'. Gnava-
mas has become a place of much coinnieieial importance
Bein<? inmnately connected with ^an Fianei-co, its busi-
ness wub that poitis constantly increasing, and it is highly
necessary that Die ofhee be filled by a loyal Ameiican t it-
izen. The present loyal and veiy efficient incumbent finds
the fees totally inadequate foi hW Mippoit; and unless the
appiopuation now a^ked for is made, it will be impossible
foi bun to lennun u; ^-ei vice, not will it be m the power of
the Government to make a suitable appointment m his
place,
Should the consulate he placed in schedule 15 of the act
of 18ih August. 18.3li, with the compensation above men-
tioned, the lull amount of fees icerived will be paid into
the Trear-ui} of the United States, and will serve in pau to
(lefiay ilie salai j oi the consul, who will then be ptolnbited
from tiadum, and reqnned to devote his whole tune to the
consular *■<•! vice.
For voui tuiihet information upon tln-> subject I indole
an cxiiact horn a letioi reletied to tins Depaitmenr b> lion.
T. G. Piieli'-s, ot the House of llepiesentatives.
I have the honoi to be, sn, voui obedient seivant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
lion Z. CitANDr fu,
Chairman of the Committee on Comma ce, 17. 5>. Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be .seen from these
communications that thin gentleman was ap-
pointed m August, Ifefjl. He was a citizen of
Rhode Island—a gentleman, I am informed by
both the Senatoi s 1'iom Rhode Island, of the high-
est charaetei, yet icduced in circumstanceri. 1-Je
was appointed consul to Guayamas without a sal-
aiy, but, as I am mfoimed by those gentlemen,
he was promised a salary of <,1,500 a year. He
lemamed theie without a salaiy until lie was lit-
eially starved out, and wenttoSan Erancisco, in-
tending to abandon the place. A few gentlemen
anions the citizens of Sm Francisco made up a
sum of money, and induced him to return to his
consulate, under the hope that Congress would
yet appropuate the requisite fund of $1,500 per
annum. In accordance with that understanding,
and with that i commendation oi' the Secretary of
State, the Committee on Commerce have olTeied
ihis amendment, wh ich covers the exact time from
th" day of ins appointment up to to-day.
Mi. FESSENI3EN. If we raise the salaiy,
the Senator has not gone fai enough, because we
should appropuate for the next year also.
Mr. CHANDLER. My next amendment ;
makes it a fci.500 conflate. j
Air. FES.-^EN'DEN. I would surest, then, to ;
simply t han^-e tin- 1* >rm of it by saving 
Aii. CHANDLER, it the Senaior will listen
to the uddmonal section, peihaps it will cover the
ground be intends.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may cover it, hut it
will n<>t out it in as good a shape.
Mi. CHANDLER. I am not particularabout
the shape.
All. FESSENDCN. Put u in this foim:
• al<m of tlio finMi! «tt Guayamas ■-hall be •
ee oi lb" ">tb <' u oi \tiyn-t. Itoi
to eounnei
Mi ,011 AN IDLER. That wdi cover the ground.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will l>e s.-i mod ifL il.
Mr. HALE. 1 object to this roundabout way
of puttini: in a puvate chum, it ;s nothing moie
m>r less loan a duect paymentofa private claim,
and pntihe: it n1 tins hum does not obviate the
obp'Ciiun. The oUtii lulo of the Senate is:
'•No amendment piopo-aiig additional appropuauons
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to cany out the provisions of som*1 existing law,
or some act ot resolution previously pasted by the Senate,
during that session, oi moved by direction of a standing or
select committee ol the Senate, or in putsuance of an esti-
mate fiom the head ot some of the Departments; and no
amendments sdi.dl bo received whose objeet is to provide
for a pi ivate claim, unless it be to carrv out the provisions
ot an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
! This is nothing more nor less than a claim of
! this consul for a salary not authorized by Jaw,
| an extra compensation; and this is nothing more
! nor less than an evasion of the plain rule of the
! Senate by putting it in the form in which it is. I
; insist on the objection being- adheied to, because
the Senate have latterly, particularly under the
lead of the Senator from Maine, who is at the
: head of the Committee on Finance, resisted ap-
; plication for the insertion of private claims. I
' confess this is a most ingenious way of putting
1 them in; but if this prevails, and private claims
, are to be paid m this way, the ingenuity of other
i private claimants will be taxed, and the rule in
1 that way will be entirely nullified. Our better
: way is to adhere to our rules. I make that point
i in regard to the fust amendment.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. There is by law a
I coiihul at tiny point. In the opinion of the Chair,
1 it in competent for the Senate to change the com-
. pensation from !>>es to a salary, and let that sal-
| ary commence at any time the Senate shall choose,
j The question is on the amendment.
I Air. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
I the amendment.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator fiom Maine
i says that the Secretary of State should have made
, this communication to us at the last session. Per-
' haps H is in some degree my own fault that he did
■ not. I saw the Assistant Seeietary of State, and
I represented to him the importance and necessity
' of making this allowance,and he agreed to it fully,
j and stated that he would make a communication
j on tiie subject, but 1 suppose he overlooked it. 1
! suppose I did not go to him again and again, as I
i ought to have done. I am not very good at bor-
! mg. You know, Air. Piesident, I never make
I long speeches. { am not in the habit of boung
: the Departments; but perhaps if 1 had gone there
; half a dozen time*-, a communication might iiave
; been sent to ns at the last session of Congiess. in
i the mean time, as tiie Government has saved the
interest, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, I hope, will withdraw his objection.
! Air. LATH AAJ. I desire to ask the chairman
, of the Committee on Finance whether he has any
objection to raising the salaiy of this consul.
; lVli. FESSENDEN. With regard to that, I
, have no opinion at all. 1 am rather guided by
the opinion of gentlemen on the several Comrmt-
! tees on Commerce and of Foreign Relations with
; reference to those matters. They can judge better
j upon the impoiLance of these places than / can.
I All that [ look out for is to see that 1 keep my
! bills in proper shape,
! i\Jr. BROWNLNG. I wish to ask the chair-
■ man of the Committee on Finance whether he ob-
, jects to tins i;oing on the bill now under consid-
eiation. I Khali be governed by Ins wishes.
Air. FESSENDEN. 1 had some doubt about
the propriety of t hat; but on 1 elm ring to tiie con-
sular and diplomatic bill which we passed last
yem, I find seveial appiopriaiions of the same
character. 1 lead them:
'•And the salary of tile eon-nlat Ihemen -hall be 000,
to commence on the Nt day ot Jan mm . Id') 2; and the con-
sul at I'ioiou, \')\a rVuii.w -h.ill lu-uvc a .ilar> of .?;l.r<0'i?
to eommenee on !he 1 • t <|;iy oi .lannai v\ 1 , and the -al-
at v of the eon-n! .it Hwatou -b;il! be .">1)0, to commence
on t!i<'"2l-i daj ol r-Yptcmliei, ls00; and the con-.ul at Toil
Mcuiun mail leccive a -.il.ay ot % 1 ''
This is piecisMv a sinnhu case. It is a case
when' a consul exists bylaw. The law, as it
stood bt for' , gave him fees; and it is now pro-
posed to give him a salary. Under the imptes-
-•mn that this does not come within the rule, theie
being a law for the existence of the place itself, I
supnoj-e these provisions were admitted upon that
bill; and the President has now ruled that point
on an objection taken by the Senator from New
Hampshire, if Jt was a piivate daim,and so con-
sideied, I should contest it just like any other;
bur I do not feel disposed to appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair on that subject when I find
this stung of precedents m iast year's act. Per-
haps at that time I was not so sharp, and I over-
looked these cases; but they exist, and the Pres-
ident has ruled that they properly exist; that is to
say,sofaras the rule is concerned. Itisforevery
other Senator to judge as well as myself. I should
have taken the point, perhaps, if it had not keen
that I found these precedents. The Senator from
New Hampshire has now taken it, and he haS
been overruled.
Mr. HALE. I remember, a day or two since,
hearing this matter discussed by the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and he admitted that
if we went by precedents you would find prece-
dents in almostevery casein violation of the rule;
and that is the fact. I presume that there has
hardly been a year but there have been more or
less violations of this rule, and they are to be
found as precedents in the laws of Congress. The
sympathies of individual members are appealed to,
and questions arc laised and are carried. I re-
member one that was carried against the vote of
the Senator from Maine, and curried against the
vote of the majority of the Senate, the first time,
by the personal solicitation—and one very much
of this charactei—of a Senator not now a mem-
ber of the body, who took very great interest in
it, and who not only advocated it on the floor of
the Senate, but went around and saw his friends
on both sides of tiie Chamber and made piivate
appeals to them, and finally carried the measure
through. These measures are carried through
in that way. Where you have gentlemen like
my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
strongly interested in it, personal friends, with
winning ways himself, he appeals to his friends,
and he gets a few of them to come in and help him,
and the, rule is overborne and nddeu over, and
then the piecedent is made for something; else.
Now, sn, I have ^ot a precedent. There is a
law made for furnishing army wagons, <i law in
force. A constituent of mine has furnished some
fourteen thousand dollars' worth of them. He has
never got a dollar for it, and it strikes me it would
be as appropriate on this bill as this. But X see it
is useless to contend here. There me piecedents;
and so there are precedentsfor eveiy \ iolation that
can be got up of the rules; and it is for the Sen-
ate to judge whether they will preserve their own
rules, oi whether they will let them be carried
away in this mariner by these personal appeals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I w ill say with regard to
the particular cases <,f consuls that I read, there
was no particular claim made upon Congress in
any one of them; but the Secretary ofState recom-
mended that the pay of consuls be taised from that
time. 1 believe he went considerably back, but it
was ieduced finally to the 1st of Januaiy, which
was about the time we passed this bill; atany rate,
the time it came into our hands. The bill was
only passed on the 4th of February. It was there-
fore considered as a future matter, to be provided
for from that time, and 1 believe we did notg-o
back except in one paiticular instance, and that
was the case of the consul at Swatow. I can only
say that, as an onginal question, I should doubt
the propi iety of if, because I look at these things,
or endeavor to look at them, in the stion^est ii^ht.
They sometimes escape me, andgcton the bill. 1
have called attention to tins matter simply lor this
purpose; not that I waive the point, I wish it to
be understood; but if it goes on in accordance
with the motion which the Senator from Miclngan
has made,! wish it to go in proper shape. It now
being in pioper shape, the Senate can vote on it
as it sees fit.
Mr. HALE. I want to say another thin^ on
this subject. I am opposed to this pioposuion on
principle. One of the most fallacious ideas that
evei entered into the head of a statesman orany-
body pretending to be a statesman, was the one
which cot into the head of the Secietary of State
at tiie commencement of this rebellion* that one
great way of putting it down \va? by multiplying
thi'se consuls all ovei the eanh; and f do not know
how man}' new consuls weie appointed for the
purpose of putting down the rebellion. Thai was*
the avowed object. They weie to exercise a son
of social influence with the Govei nments to which
they were sent, and, 1 suppose, repeat iJ-.-'narts
of Ins diplomatic correspondence, that the rebel-
lion was waningconstantly, and would be over in
about sixty days; and it was necessary to have
these consuls all over God's earth to be lepeatmg
and reiterating those absmd declaiations. Not
only that, but now their salaries are to be raised;
