1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi.Callan is a very competent clerk; but what is
to prevent the clerks of other committees asking for
this increase? Many other clerks have had very
hard work this session. I think this will be set-
ting a very bad example at this day, and in this
state of things, to break down what has been set-
tled long ago by the Senate, and what 1ms been
strictly adhered to for several years. If the Sen-
ate choose to do it, I cannot help it. I can only
enter my protest against it as one person, and
must ask that the Senate will give me the yeas
and nays on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RICE. I think the honorable Senator
frj|pi Maine misapprehends this question to a cer-
tain extent. Prior to the breaking out of the re-
bellion the duties of the Committee on Military
Affai rs were very light; the services of the clerk
were only required duting the session of the Sen-
ate; and then his services were similar to those
now rendered by clerks of other committees who
are receiving $1,800 a year. Since the breaking
out of the rebellion, however, the clerk of the
Mil'tary Committee has been employed day and
night; and there is not a Senator on this Hoor;
there is not, perhaps, a member of the other
House, who has not called upon him frequently,
almost daily, for information. He has been here
in the morning early, and remained always until
after the adjournment of the Senate, unless sent
by our honorable chairman to the other end of the
avenue for information. He has given his entire
time, day and night, to that committee; and his
labors have been increased a hundred fold over
what they were before the war broke out. I can
say, for one, it was the understanding that he
should receive this increase. 1 persuaded him,
urged him to remain with the committee, with the
assm anee that, so far as I could aid, my vote should
be given to increase his salary.
I can say, without fear of contradiction, that
no four committee clerks in this Senate have per-
formed the labor that he has done during the last
two years; and I know that he remained expect-
ing to be put upon an equality, so far as pay was
concerned, at this Congress with these other
clerks; and 1 hope it will be given. I think the
objection raised by the Senator from Maine as to
the principle of the thing is coirect. I yield to
that; but 1 do think this is an exception to the
general rule. #
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it confined to the pres-
et) t Congtess ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For this Congress alone?
Mr. RICE. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sag<-ofthe lesolution, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 29; as follows:
YE ^C'laik, Fe«senden, Grimes, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, and Wilkinson—G.
KAYS—Me-sis C.u lile. Cowan,T)avi«.Dixon.Doolittlo,
Toot, Fenci. Ilaidinj?. Ilailan, [lams, Henderson, How-
ard, flow1, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Nosniith, PomToy, Powell, ltice, Richardson, Sanlf-lmiy,
Simmer. Turpie, Wall, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of Mass?
chujetts, and Wihon ul Mib^ouu—29.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
CODIFICATION OF NAVAL LAWS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up joint res-
olution No. 143.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 143) authorizing the appointment of a
commissioner to codify the naval laws of the Uni-
ted States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the President to
appoint, by and with the consent of the Senate, a
commissioner, whose duty it shall be to revise and
codify the naval laws of the United States, and re-
port such revised code to Congress at its next ses-
sion. The annual salary of the commissioner js
to be $3,000.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. HARRIS. I call for the consideration of
the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Tlie bill alluded to by the Senator
from New York is now before the Senate, being
the bill (S. No. 200) to establish provisional gov-
ernments in certain cases; the pending question
being on the amendment.of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to an amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, in sec-
tion three, line.six, to strike out the words " and
institutions," so that the amendment of the com-
mittee would read, " and not interfering with the
laws existing in such State," &c.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know whether it is in
order, but l jit be, I desire to move to strike out
the second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth sections,
and to substitute some printed amendments which
have been laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
first to act on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to perfect the section before the mo-
tion can be taken on striking it out.
Mr. HARRIS. That vote can be taken at once;
as 1 apprehend the Senator from Massachusetts
does not intend to press th^it amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed in the third sec-
tion by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was icjected.
Mr. HARRIS. I now move to amend by strik-
ing out the sections 1 have mentioned, being all
except the first and seventh sections of the bill,
and substituting what 1 send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the sections proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That, for the purpose
of organizing bueh piovislonal government, the Pi ossein,
by and wjth the consentofthe Senate, shall appomtaGov-
crnor, three judges, a secieuiry. marshal, and disuict attor-
ney, which oflieci* shall, res-pcctivuly, have and cxercise
such powers as are usually vc&ted in like officers of the
State for which such government maybe established The
Governor shall receive for ins services $2,500 per annum;
each uf the judges §2,000 pei annum; and the secretary,
matchal, and district attorney, each §3.500 pa annum.
Sec. 3. And be xt further cnacted, That the couit to be
organized under the provisions of this act shall have gen-
cial jun>diCtion, civil and cuminal. of all catscs of which
the State courts had cognizance according to the Jaws of
such State in foice at the tune such State adopted its ordi-
nance of secession ftom the Government of the United
State*. Sucli taws and the law*- of the United States shall
he the luie* of decision ;ind judzmcntin such State until a
State government -shall he formed and lecogmzed undei and
in coniotrnit) with the Constitution of Mk; United States:
Piovided^ however, That no law wheieby any person had
heretoioic been held to seivice ot labor ui any such State
shall be leeozniz^d or ontoited bvany court oi officer con-
stituted or appointed undei the piovi-uuib ol thin act; and
all laws providing foi the tual and punishment of white
persons in any such State shall he deemed, and are hereby
declared to be. applicable to ihc trial and punishmcntof ail
pci -fins whatsoever u Jthin the juu.-dicuon of fciieh comt oi
j| otiled.
!j Sec. 4 And he it fvrtkci cnacted. That the judges afore-
said «haii appoint cjmrt-uo be held ot^uch time* and places
as liirv niriv deem n<'ce$>aiy. They shall also have power
to appoint a clerk and othei mnu->teiial officers, and may
establish and moihfv their own tules of practice and pio*-
ceedmgs. The final judgment* oi deciees of such court
s-hall be subject to revet-al, athnnatioii, or icwfdon. on ap-
peal and wi itsoi on or, by the Supreme Court ot the United
State.-., iti like niamiei and to the same extent adjudgments
or decrees of the circuit, dhtnct, oi territorial courts exist-
ing, now are or may be.
Mr. CARLILE. is the amendment open to
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
i Mr. CARLILE. I move to strike outof the third
1 suction, in line ten, nil after the word "States,"
being the proviso:
.. Provided, however. That no law whereby any pcison
lias heretofore been held to set vice or labor in any such State
shall be lecogmzed or enloiced by any court or officer con-
Miuitcii or appointed under the provisions of this act; and
all law.-; inovidinjr foi the tiial and punishment of white
persons in :my such State shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to he, applicable to the trial and punishment of all
per-ons whalsoevev within the jurisdiction of such court
or officer.
It will be observed that the first parr of the pro-
viso presumes to exorcise a power that it lias here-
tofore, I believe, been admitted by everybody in
this country that the Congress of the United States
could not do. The second pai t of it is liable to a
variety of objections. It would seem, if I under-
stood it—the mover of it will correct ine if 1 am
wrong—that in an action between a nearo and a
white man,the testimony of a negro could be given
against a white man under that proviso. I hardly
suppose that that is the intention of the Senator,
and I submit the motion to strike it out.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay this bill on the
table, and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carliie, Davis, Dixon,Harding, Hender-
son, Hicks, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, ltichardson, Saute-
burv, Ten Eyck, Turpie, Willey, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Ilowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Pome-
roy, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson
of Massachusetts—21. * • .
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia to the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate adjourn;
and upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 4, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carille. Davis, Powell, and Saulsbuty—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler," Clark, Doolittle,
Fool, Foster, Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Hicks, Howard, How*:, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot
Kansas, Latham, Morrill, Nesmilh, Pomeroy, Tttce,iticU-
ardson, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Turpie, Wilkinson,
Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—lil.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on For-
eign Relations reported a bill to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of Washington,
concluded between the United States and Great
Britain on the 9th of August, 1842; and as this is
a bill of considerable importance, I will ask the
indulgence of the Senator from New York while
1 make a statement to the Senate upon that sub-
ject, because it is my purpose, as I have been in-
structed by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to move it as an amendment to the miscellaneous
appropriation bill when that shall come into the
Senate. The bill is reported by our committee,
and is now before the Senate, and, with his con-
sent, I will move that we take up that bill so that
1 may make a statement while I can have the at-
tention of the body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
question before the Senate. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia to
the amendment of the Senator from New York to
Senate bill No. 200.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to lay aside the
pending bill and all other orders, and take up
House bill No. 738, providing for a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope not.
Mr. WILKINSON. This bill has passed the
House of Representatives, and I think it is neces-
sary that it should pass this body. I am in favor
of the bill which is now before the Senate, but I
do not believe itcan pass; or if itpasses this body,
it certainly cannot pass the other. It seems to
me entirely futile to undertake to press it at this
late day of the session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to postpone the pending
bill and all prior orders, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. I hope wu shall have action on this bill. It
is a bill of very great importance. I know that
there is a great diversity of opinion fci relation to
it; but in my opinion it is one of the most import-
ant bills that has come before the present Con-
gress. The question is whether or not the Presi-
dent shall go on appointing ^Governors for the
rebel States, as we get possession of them, with-
out any authority, perhaps, of law, as a mere
matter of necessity, or whether we shall regulate
it by act of Congress. In my judgment, it is very
important th.it wo should act upon the subject,
and act upon it now. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to act upon this bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. If I thought the Senate
could come to any decision on the Senator's bill
without a long discussion, I would not urge this
motion; but I do not believe it can. I believe there
is great diversity of opinion here, and I am sat-
isfied t lie bill will be strenuously opposed. I there-
fore move that it be laid aside, and that the Senate
proceed to consider the bill which 1 have named.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my friend
ftom Minnesota that perhaps it would be better
to proceed with the consideration of the bill now
in charge of the Senator from NevV York. If there
be such opposition to it as the Senator anticipates,
we shall then know it. I am not aware of it now.
Besides, the Senator says if the bill passes the
