1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
duties of the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, in regard to roads,
and for other purposes.
HOOSJ2 BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 732) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1864, was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
ADMISSION OF NEVADA.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all other
orders, and take up the bill for the admission of
Nevada into the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
524) to enable the people of Nevada to form a
constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The inhabitants of that portion of the Territory
of Nevada included in the boundaries designated
are by the bill authorized to form for themselves
aStategovernment, which State, when formed, is
to be admitted into the Union upon an equal foot-
ing with the original States in all respects what-
soever. The State of Nevada is to consist of all
the territory included within the following bound-
aries, to wit: commencing at a point formed by the
intersection of the thirty-eighth degree of longitude
west from Washington with the thirty-seventh
degree of north latitude; thence due west along
the thirty-seventh degree of north latitude to the
eastern boundary line of the State of California;
thence in a northwesterly direction along the
eastern boundary line of California to the forty-
third degree of longitude west from Washington;
thence north along the forty-third degree of west
longitude and the eastern boundary line of Cali-
fornia to the forty-second degree of north latitude;
thence due east along the forty-second degree of
north latitude to a point formed by its intersec-
tion with the thirty-eighth degree of longitude
west from Washington; thence due south down
the thirty-eighth degree of west longitude to the
place of beginning.
All persons qualified by law to vote for repre-
sentatives to the General Assembly of the Terri-
tory at the date of the passage of the act, are to
be qualified to be elected, and to bo authorized to
voto for and choose icpresentativcs to form a con-
vention, under such rules and regulations as the
Governor of the Territory may presci t be; and also
to vote upon the acceptance or rejection of such
constitution as may be formed by the convention,
under such rules and regulations as the conven-
tion may prescribe; and if any of the citizens are
enlisted in the Army of the United States, and arc
still within the Territory, they are to be permit-
ted to vote at their place of lendezvous; and if
any are absent from the Tenitory, by reason of
their enlistment in the Army of the United Stales,
they will he permitted to vote at their place of ser-
vice, under the rules and icgulations in each case
to be prescribed as aforesaid. The representa-
tives to form the convention are to bo apportioned
among the several counties in the Tenitory in
proportion to the population as near as may be;
and thcapportionment, is to be made by the Gov-
ernor, United States district attorney, and chief
justice ofthe Territory, or any two of them. The
Governor, by proclamation, on or before the first
Monday in May next, is to order an election of
the representatives to be held on the first Monday
in June thereafter throughout the Territory, and
such election is to be conducted in the same man-
ner as is prescribed by the laws ofthe Territory
regulating elections therein for members of the
House of Representatives, and the number of mem-
bets to the convention'is to be the same as now
constitute both branches ofthe Legislatuie ofthe
Territory.
The members of the convention thus elected
are to meet at the capital of the Territory on the
first Monday in July next, and, after organiza-
tion, are to declare, on behalf of the people ofthe
Territory, that they adopt the Constitution of
the United States; whereupon the convention may
form a constitution and Stategovcrnment; but the
constitution, when formed, is to be republican,
and not repugnant to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the principles of the Declaration of
Independence; and the convention is to provide;
by an ordinance irrevocable without the consent
of the United States and the people of the new
State:
X. That slavery or involuntary servitude shall
be forever prohibited in the State.
2. That perfect toleration of religious sentiment
shall be secured, and no inhabitant of the State
shall ever be molested in person or property on
account of his or her mode of religious worship.
3. That the people inhabiting the Territory do
agree and declare that they forever disclaim all
right and title to the unappropriated public lands
lying within it, and that they shall be and remain
at the sole and entire disposition of the United
States; and moreover, that each and every tract of
land sold by Congress or donated to actual set-
tlers by the homestead act, or located by the boun-
ty land wan ants of soldiers which have been or
may hereafter be granted, shall be and remain ex-
empt from any fax laid by tlVe order or under the
authority of the State, whether for State, county,
township, or any other purpose whatever, for the
term of three years from and after the respective
days of the sale, location by land warrant, or no-
tice of settlement thereof under the homestead act;
and the lands belonging to citizens of the United
States residing without the State shall never be
taxed higher than the land belonging to residents
thereof; and no taxes shall be imposed by the
State on lauds or property therein belonging to
or which may hereafter be purchased by the Uni-
ted States.
In case a constitution and State government
shall be formed for the people of the Territory of
Nevada, in compliance with the previous pro-
visions of the act, the convention forming the
same are to provide by oidinance for submitting
the constitution to the people of the State for their
ratification or rejection at an election to be held on
the second Tuesday of October, 1863, at such
places and under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed therein,at which election the lawful voters
of the new State shall vote directly for or against
the proposed constitution, and the returns of the
election are to be made to the acting Governor of
theTerritory,who, with the United Slates district
attorney and chief justice of the Territory, or any
two of them, shall canvass the same, and if a ma-
jority oflegal votes shall be cast for the constitution,
the acting Governor shall ceitify the same to the
President of the United States, together with a copy
ofthe constitution and ordinances; whereupon it
shall bo the duly of the President of the United
States to issuehisproclamation declaring theState
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States, without any further action
whatever on the part of Congress. Until the next
general census shall be taken, the State of Ne-
vada is to be entitled to one Representative in the
House of Representatives of the United States,
which Representative, together with the Governor,
and State and other officers provided for in its
constitution, may bo elected on the same day a
vote is taken for or against the proposed consti-
tution and State government. Sections numbered
sixteen and thirty-six, in every township, and
wheie such sections have been sold or otherwise
disposed of by any act of Congress, other lands
equivalent thereto in legal subdivisions of not less
than one quaiter section, and as contiguous as
may be, are to be granted to the State for the sup-
port of common schools. If the State of Nevada
shall be admitted into the Union, in accordance
with the foregoing provisions of the act, twenty
entire sections of the unappropriated public lands
within the State, to be selected and located by di-
lectipn of the Legislature thereof, on or before
January 1,1868, are to be granted, in legal sub-
divisions of not less than one hundred and sixty
acres, for the purpose of erecting public buildings
at the capital of the State, for legislative and ju-
dicial purposes, in such manner as the Legisla-
ture shall prescribe. Twenty otherentire sections
of land, to be selected and located in legal sub-
divisions, are to be granted to the State for the
purpose of erecting a suitable building for a peni-
tentiary or State prison.
Five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of ail
public lands lying within the State, which have
been or shall be sold by the United States prior
' or subsequent to its admission into the Union,
after deducting all the expenses incident to the
same, arc to be paid to the State for the purpose
of making and improving public roads, construct-
ing ditches or canals, to effect a general system
of irrigation of the agricultural land in the State,
as the Legislature shall direct.
From and after the admission of the State of
Nevada into the Union, the laws of the United
States, not locally inapplicable, are to have the
same force and effect within the State aa elsewhere
within the United States, and the State is to con-
stitute one judicial district, and be called the dis-
trict of Nevada.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think this Territory
ought to be organized into a State yet. 1 do not
recollect certainly the ratio of representation.*
Mr. WADE. About forty-five thousand, I
believe, is their population now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The ratio is over one hun-
dred and twenty thousand.
Mr. WADE. I thought the Senator from Ken-
tucky wanted to know the number of the popu-
lation. *
Mr. DAVIS. I have the census table of 1860
in my hand. I see by that table that the Terri-
tory of Colorado had, in 1860, 34,277 inhabitants;
Dakota Territory, 4,837 inhabitants; Nebraska
Territory, 28,841 inhabitants; Nevada Territory,
6,857 inhabitants; New Mexico Territory, 93,516;
Utah Territory, 40,273; and Washington Terri-
tory, 11,594. I presume since 1860 the increase
of population in the Territory of Nevada cannot
have exceeded one hundred per cent.; and upon
that ratio of increase it would have about 13,700
people. It seems to me that when the ratio of
representation exceeds largely one hundred thou-
sand people, a Territory with not a greater num-
ber of inhabitants than from twelve to fifteen thou-
sand ought not to be organized into a State. There
are sundry other Territories that have a larger pop-
ulation, and, I suppose, consequently a stronger
claim to be organized into States and admitted
into the Union. I think that a territorial govern-
ment will answer all the necessities of the people
of Nevada until th^y have largely grown beyond
any possible ^umbers that they now have. I ndeed,
I believe, as a principle, that no Territory ought
to bo organized into a State until it has a popula-
tion equal to the ratio or approximating to the
ratio of representation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One hundred and twenty-
seven thousand is the present ratio.
Mr. DAVIS. Here is a Territory that has not
one-tenth or not exceeding about one-tenth the
ratio of representation. I do not know what prin-
ciple of expediency, or right, or necessity could
authorize the people of Nevada now to be organ-
ized into a State. It seems to me only necessary
to bring that fact to the attention of the Senate in
order to scure the rejection of this bill.
Mr. WADE. In enabling the Territones to
come into the Union as States, I believe it will be
found that the history of the Government is that
very little attention has been paid to the number
of inhabitants at the time the people have l een au-
thorized to form aStategovernment. When Texas
was authorized to come into the U*uon as a.State,
if my memory serves me, they had nothing like a
sufficient number for a Representative according to
the apportionment at that time.
Mr. DAVIS. I voted against that measure.
Mr. WADE. I suppose you did, but Congress
admitted them intcJ the Union with two Represent-
atives. It does not matter so much what the
present population is, as how fast it is increasing.
That is the great critei ion upon which States have
been admitted into the Union. I suppose there is
no Territory on this continent that has been in-
creasing faster than this Territory of Nevada since
it has been organized into a Territory. I believe
there were but six thousand inhabitants therein
1860. The Senator has the figures before him.
Mr. DAVIS. Six thousand eight hundred and
fifty-seven.
Mr. WADE. About seven thousand. Now,
sir, I am credibly informed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who has taken con-
siderable pains toasceitain the number of inhab-
itants there, that itcannot be less at this time than
forty-five thousand, and increasing with unexam-
pled rapidity. The vast riches ofthe mining re-
gion there have invited a population that is fast
spreading over the whole of that region in a ratio
that is almost unexampled, and I venture to pre-
dict here that in one year from this time there will
be more than one hundred and fifty thousand in-
