1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
habitants in this Territory. I know there are
Senators much more capable of speaking on this
subject than I am. The Senator from California,
[Mr. Latham,] I Relieve, has traveled over this
region, and knows very much of its prosperity
and its increase in inhabitants, and its prospects
m future. Of those things he can speak; but there
is only one opinion prevailing ill regaid to it. It
is the strong desire of the inhabitants of Nevada
to be enabled to make a State government of their i
own. it is no burden to the Government of the j
United States to permit a people to govern them- j
selves. So far from that, it relieves us from the i
burden of governing; them when they assume upon i
themselves a State government. They then cease j
to be dependent upon the General Government in
a great measure; indeed, entirely so. While they
remain as a Territory, there is considerable ex-
pense attending their relation to the General Gov-
ernment, which ceases whenever we admit them
into the Union as a Siate. It is the wish of these
people, as we find it is of all other people, at an
early period, to take upon themselves their own
government, their own domestic concerns; and it
has been the policy of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, from the earliest time, to permit the
populations to do som all cases just about as fast
as they showed a disposition and desire to do it.
I agree that there are not now inhabitants enough
there to send one Representative to Congress, but
I have no doubt or question that before another
congressional election shall take place there will
be abundantly enough, according to the appor-
tionment, to send a Representative here. 1 hope
the bill will pass. Of course, at this late period,
there is no time to argue it at length. If it is
thought expedient to pass the bill, it must be done
with but very little speech-making.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I do not think
there is a single Territory for which a proposition
has ever been made to pass an enabling act that
has had as many people, whoso resources have
been as well developed, and that had greater
claims upon the Government of the United States
than the Territory of Nevada. The Territory of
Nevada, from the best information which I am
enabled to get, has at the present time a popula-
tion of about fifty thousand. I have before me a
report made by a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Representa-
tives upon the bill that passed the Senate to-day
relating to the branch mint ill that Territory. The
facts seem to be culled with a great deal of care,
and presented evidently with as much authority
as the committee could avail themselves of. I find
on page 4 of that report that the number of trav-
elers, on foot and in buggies, for the period of
eight weeks amounted to 3,790; the number of
pounds of freight that were brought there for the
period of eight weeks was 20,000,000; the number
of tons of 2,000 pounds amounted during this pe-
riod to 10,000; the number of stages to 340; the
number of stage passengers to 2,072. When we
take into consideration the vast wealth of this
Territory, amounting now in its development to
$34,000,000 per annum at the lowest estimate, and
geneially believed to be $36,000,000, the Senate
can form some idea of the wealth of the Territory
and of the number of people it requires to develop
that amount of gold and silver bullion. I have not
the slightest doubt that if this act passes, the mo-
ment it is found that the Government has extended
its protecting carc over that Territory,and is about
to give them the privileges of a sovereign State,
long before their actual admission into the Union
they will have over one hundred thousand people.
The great reason why the Territory is not settled
up at the present lime arises from the fact of the
great insecurity of their territorial laws, the inse-
curity of property, and, I may add, of life. Let it
once be understood tlmt the Government is going
to admit this State into, the Union, and has passed
an enabling act for the purpose of allowing the
people to organize a State government, I am sure
I am within reasonable bounds when I say that
before they prepare their constitution and apply
here at the doors of the Government for admis-
sion, their population will exceed one hundred
thousand, a population quite equal to that of Cal-
ifornia when she was admitted into the Union.
I do not propose to Hfcscuss this question fur-
ther. You have passed enabling acts for other
Territories that had not near the internal wealth,
the population, the resources, and the character
of this Territory in relation to which this act is j
sought to be passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it would be a violation
of principle to pass this act. We have an official
enumeration of this Territory in 1860, What
reliable, whatcredibleproofhave we that thenum-
ber of people there now is according to the state-
ment of the Senator from California ? The appor-
tionment of representation isaccording to a princi-
ple defined by the Constitution, and that principle
is declared in one or two sections of that instru-
ment:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included within
this Union, accoidini* to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service for a term of years,
and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths ot all other
persons."
The old States must have one hundred and
twenty-seven thousand and a fraction of free in-
habitants, except the slave States, and they are to
have a number of white inhabitants tfhich, added
to three fifths of their slaves, would make one hun-
dred and twenty-seven thousand. There is the
principle declared by the Constitution itself upon
which representation shall be had in the House of
Representatives among the several States. Now,
sir, would it not be violative of that principle to
give to a Territory the privilege of admission into
the Union with a flagrant deficit of population as
is the fact in relation to the Territory of Nevada?
The honorable Senator from Ohio spoke of the
admission of Texas. According to my recollec-
tion, you and I, sir, were both in the other House
at the time, and we both voted against that meas-
ure. The population of Texas at that time en-
titled her to one Representative, and gave her a
fraction above fifty per cent, of the ratio of repre-
sentation. It has been adopted and acted upon
ever since as a common principle, that where a
State has more than fifty per cent, above the ratio,
that fraction should entitle that State to an addi-
tional Representative. We acted upon that prin-
ciple at the very last session of Congress, and
added a Representative to some four orfive States.
But, sir, when the Constitution declares that rep-
resentation shall be apportioned among the States
by a fixed and a uniform rule, what considera-
tion or principle authorizes Congiess to give such
an advantage to the new State of Nevada, if she
shall be admitted as a State into the Union ?
There is another principle, the principle of rep-
resentation in this body, the spirit if not the letter
of which would be violated by admitting this Ter-
ritory into the Union as a State. To be sure there
is a provision in the Constitution which declares
that every State shall have at least one Represent-
ative in the other House, and consequently when
any Territory is admitted us aState into the Union
itis necessarily entitled to one Representative; but
it is a question of discretion, and not of discretion
alone, but it ought to be a question of principle
and of constitutional mandate with the two Houses
whether they would admit a Territory as a State
when that Territory had but one fifth or probably
one tenth of the necessary population which would
entitle her'to representation according to the ex-
isting ratio.
Well, sir, what is the proposition of gentlemen ?
I reject as a myth altogether this alleged vast in-
crease of population in the Territory of Colorado.
I believe it is a gold-bearing region; mines of the
precious metals are found in thatTerritory. We
all know what a flowand rush of transitory pop-
ulation there is to all such countries, and when
for any purpose it is necessary to swell or count
their numbers, and numbers enable them to effect
their object, all the transitory population is enu-
merated with the resident population of the coun-
I try. That principle is not correct; it is not a
I proper one. I suppose there are two hundred
j thousand transitory people in the city of New
York every day; but for no purpose of represent-
ation in the Congress of the United States, or in
the Legislature of that State is that transitory pop-
ulation enumerated; noroughtit to be enumerated
in the Territories. I am not informed as the gen-
tlemen are who have spoken, as I have not made
the matter a subject of inquiry, but I presume it
will be a liberal concession now to assume that
Nevada has a population of twenty thousand ; and
to give her that number would be conceding to
her an increase of two hundred per cent, in the
course of two years,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should tike to ask-
the Senator from Kentucky if he was in Congress
when Florida was admitted into the. Union as &
State, and how he voted upon that question?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think I was in Congress
when Florida was admitted. That is my present
recollection. If the Senator will tell me the year,
I will tell him whether I was or not. , -
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understood, frons-
one of the Senator's colleagues in the House of
Representatives that he was in Congress, and did
vote for the admission of Florida.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not remember.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. And the population
was six thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman has been mis-
informed. That I never voted for such a mon-
strosity us that, 1 am certain; but the gentleman
wishes me now to do what he is informed I did
do then. I enter my protest against it. If a man
does wrong once, it is no reason he should do so
again. [Laughter.] But I am not yet satisfied
that I did wrong in relation to that matter. I know
now, at'least it is my full assurance, tlmt if I was
to vote for the admission of Nevada as a State
into this Union, I should be voting to entitle less
than twenty thousand persons to a Representa-
tive in the House of Representatives, when the
ratio requires one hundred and twenty-seven thou-
sand and a fraction; and, in addition to that, I
should be voting to admit that population of twen-
ty thousand to have a representation of two mem-
bers in the Senate of the United States, when the
spirit and the reason and the principle of the Con-
stitution would require the ratio of representation
in the House of Representatives to entitle aState
to one Representative there and two in the Senate.
Now, sir, I think we cannot, without a disre-
gard of what is just and right to the other States,
admit so small a portion of the people to form a
State and to come into tiie Union. I insist that
the principle upon which the ratio of representa-
tion is fixed would not only be substantially, but
it would be flagrantly, violated by admitting Ne-
vada to come into the Union as a State. l-Jere ia
a certain principle; itis not only certain, but it is
equal; its equality among all the States is estab-
lished by the letteras well as the spirit of the Con-
stitution. What right have Congress now, in
contravention of that rule of equality, to admit
fifteen or twenty thousand people to'come into the
Union as a State and to have a representation of
one in the House of Representatives and two in the
Senate, when it requires in relation to all the other
States that they shall have at least one hundred
and twenty-seven thousand people? I think, sir,
the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend, by insert-
ing, in the fifth line of the first section, after the
word " themselves:''
Whenever, by actual enumeration, the snid Territory
shall contain, within the boundaries herein described,a res-
ident population of one hundred and twenty-seven thou-
sand.
That is the number, I believe, that entitles a
State 40 a Representative in Congress under the
present census; and when we take into consider-
ation that the great State of New York, with her
four million people, will have no more political
power in this body than this new State of Ne-
vada, I think it will be a good rule to require, at
least before you admit a Territory as a State,
that the population shall be sufficient to entitle a
State to one Representative in the other House.
Mr. RICE. The Senator certainly mistakes
that. New York has over thirty Representatives!.
Mr. CARLILE. I spoke of this body.
Mr. RICE. This is the conservative body, the
balance-wheel of the country; it ought to be, and
it should have been long ago.
Mr. CARLILE. That is very likely.
Mr. RICE. And it is immaterial whether the
people of that Territory have forty thousand or
one hundred and twenty-seven thousand inhabit-
ants. They are American citizens, and they are
entitled to their rights under the Constitution; and
whenever they shall say that they have people
enough to form a State government, I say admit
them. We have no right to prescribe numbers.
It is one of the-greatest fallacies that has ever been
enunciated in these Halls. Whenever they say
that they are ready to form a State government
and that they arc ready and willing to come into
the Union under the Constitution, I say it makes
