1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stricken out, and then it can be considered in the
committee of conference. We shall undoubtedly
have further information about it there if the
House committee have any on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the information is all
here in this paper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the third section, in the following words:
Sec. 3 And be it further cnacted, That mileage, as now
allowed by law to Senators, Representatives, and Delegates
slial! be paid for the present session by the proper ofiicerof
the Tieasuiy, out of any money in tlio Tica^uiy not other-
wise appropnated, as soon as certified by the Presiding
Officers of each House.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance propose 10 strike out that section.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for a division on that
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I move to
amend the amendment by inserting at the end of
the section the following:
Provided, That hereafter all mileage shall be computed
at the rate of twenty-five cents per mile each way by the
shortest toute usually tiavelcd fiom the residence of each
Senator, llepicsentative, and Delegate to the place where
Congress meeu>; and the iuut<' ot Scuatois, Representatives,
and Delegates liom the Pacific coast, or west of the Rocky
mountains shall be computed by the sea-route by the way
of the Isthmus of i'anania; and mileage shall be allowed
for caeh regular annual cession of Congress, and (or any
session of Congress which may be called by the President
of the United States; but no constitutive mileage shall be
allowed foi any such called session ; and mileage shall be
allowed to Senators, Representative-?, and Delegates for
this session at the foregoing rate per mile upon the certifi-
cate of the Presiding Officer of each House, to be paid by
the piopor officer of the Treasury, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appiopnatcd.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that this is a separate and independ-
ent proposition, and in no way an amendment to
the words proposed to be stricken out by the com-
mittee. The first question will be upon striking
out those words.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. It seems to
me to be germane to the amendment. I am free
to say, however, that I am with the committee in
favor of striking out the whole provision; but if
there is any chance for it to remain in as it was
put in by the House of Representatives on a direct
vote, I am for seizing the occasion to put this mat-
ter on a proper basis. I believe this pioposition
to get a mileage at this session of Congress, will
be a stain upon the reputation of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rise to a question of order.
I ask the Senator from Massachusetts if this
amendment is repottud from any committee?
Mi\ WILSON, ofMassachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. It changes existing legis-
lation. I think we had better allow the question
to be taken on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance by itself. This proposition is not in
order to an appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will not
press it now. i f the Senate refuse to agree to the
amendment of the committee striking outthe sec-
tion, I shall then offer it as an amendment.
The PRESIDENT prv tempore. Itis not within
the province of the Chair to decide a matter out
of order for want of con^ruity. The question is
on the amend men t of the Committee on Finance to
strike out the section which has been lead.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say that
I hope the Senate will adhere to its former decis-
ion on this subject. I do notknow that this par-
ticular matter lias been befoie the Senate, but they
decided, after having three committees of confid-
ence, to ad lie-re to the present rates of compensa-
tion as now understood and allowed. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were otdrred.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As I intend to vote
against this amendment ot the Committee on Fi-
nance, I deem it proper to say a word m reply to
the Senators from Massachusetts and Maine, be-
fore the vote is taken.
The Senator from Massachusetts says it would
be a stain upon us to take tnree mileages. I do
not think so. In 1856, when the law was passed
on this subject, it confined the mileages to two
for a Congiess. In 3857, Congress, by a joint
resolution, gave the mileage fur each session ot
Congress. That is the law; and I know of no im-
propriety, under existing law, to take what is our
due for pay. There is good reason why, if you
pay mileage at all, you should pay it for each
session that a member travels to the seat of Gov-
ernment from his home and back. I do not know
of any stain that would be cast upon usby taking
that which the law allows, and which the law
conferred in 1857; and from that time till the pres-
ent that act has not been repealed, amended, or
changed. If there is any dispute on this subject,
I will refer to that resolution. Here it is:
<• By the act of August 16,1858, it is provided that{the
compensation of each Representative and Delegate in Con-
fess shall be .5-6,000 for cach Congress, and mileage as now
piovided by law for two sessions only,5 and ; the Speaker
of the House ol Representatives shall receive double the
compensation above piovided for Representatives.' (Stat-
utes at Larg", vol. 11, p. 48.) And by the joint resolution
of December 03, 1857. that the said compensation shall be
paid in the following manner, to wit:' on the first day of the
liitt session of each Congrcas, or as soon thereafter as he
may bo in attendance ami apply, each Representative and
Delegate >.hall receive his mileage as now provided bylaw,
and all his compensation from the beginning of his term,
(Mai eh 4,) to be computed at the rate of $\!50 per month,
and during the session compensation at the same rate. And
on the fust dav of the second or any subsequent session, lie
shall receive his mileage ;is now allowed bylaw, and all
compensation which has acctued duiing the adjournment
at the rate aforesaid, ami during said session compensation
at the same rate.' "—Ibid., p. 3o7.
Now, I do not think there can be any dispute
about the construction of the resolution of 1857,
which was subsequent to the act of 185C. I see
no great stain that will attach to any gentleman's
character for taking the compensation allowed him
by the existing laws of the land. I have no fur-
ther remaiks to make in reference to this subject.
I shall place my vote upon the law, and upon that
alone.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator has
quoted but two laws on this subject. There is a
still later law.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give it to you in a
moment. The first is the act of A-ugust 16,1856,
which fixes the compensation of members of Con-
gress, and expressly confines the number of mile-
ages to two for a Congress. The second resolu-
tion of December 23, 1857, has been construed
both ways. It is very difficult, indeed, to tell
what is the meaning of that law. The clause that
I will now read will bear a double construction:
"And on the first day of the second or any subsequent ses-
sion, he fholl receive his mileage as now allowed bylaw."
Does that extend or increase the mileage al-
lowed to members of Congress? 11 is very doubtful.
The previous law to which reference is expressly
made is, thai there shall be but two mileages. But
I think that doubt has been iclieved entirely by
the act of March 14, 1862, which provides in the
ordinary appropriation for the last session of Con-
gress:
" For compensation and mileage of Senator", {$240,430:
Prowled^ That the second mileage due by law shall be paid
at the present session as soon as certified by the Presiding
Officers of the Senate and Iloiice : And provided, fuitker,
That the loiegomg proviso shall not be construed to include
iiioic than two nnloages for the piesont Cmigiess."
That was passed at the last session of Con-
gress. It does seem to me that that gives a con-
stiuction "to thcactof 1857; and thatnowit would
not be just and proper for us to take a third mile-
age wlien the act of last session expressly pre-
cludes us fiom such a claim. I should like very
well to have the mileage, if I was entitled to it by
law; and 1 would not hesitate to take it.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, I was here m 1856 when Congress changed
the compensation of us mcmbeis,and it was dis-
tinctly understood in the Senate that members
were to icccivo but two mileages for each Con-
gicss. Members of the Senate voted for the bill,
which largely increased the annual compensation,
with the full understanding thattheirscrvices were
due the Government whenever wanted; that if the
public demanded their sei vices at extia sessions,
they were to be given withoutany ii^creasedcom-
pensation. Members weie no longer to be paid
by the day—they were to he paid an annual com-
pensation; and their services were thereioie due
the Government the entire year, it th^ public in-
terests required those services. 1 aver that it was
well understood by the Senate and House that en-
acted the law in 1856 that Confess could be sum-
moned together whenever the Piesident should
[! summon it without any expense to the nation,
j! This was the understanding, and the law passed
jj was intended to carry out that understanding; and
II a fair construction of the act sustains that under-
standing. I vtfted for the act.of-1856 witii the full,
understanding that my time, my whole, time, was
due the country, if the good of the country- rer
quired those services; that the President could
call Congress together at any time without cost
to the Government or increased compensation.;.to^
me. Other members justified their votes for that-
act increasing their compensation,upon t&at
derstanding.
The amendatory actofl857 was never intended
to bear the construction now put upon it. No,
sir; never. The act was simply a change in the
mode of paying the members. It was never in-
tended to allow more than two mileages for one
Congress, and the law cannot be fairly interpreted-
to allow more than two mileages. This Congress
has already given this construction to that act, and
it is the only construction that can be fairly given
to it.
When it was decided at the extra session of
1861 that members could draw their mileage, I
thouglit the decision wrong, for I feared that, in
spite of all disclaimers to the contrary, we should
have an attempt made to get another mileage
at this session. But I never supposed that the
House of Representatives would put this false in-
terpretation upon the law. If the Senate sustains
this action of the House of-Representatives, the
country will justly say that Congress has decided
to take a mileage that does not rightfully and
legally belong to it. This will, I am confident,
be the verdict of the country; and with the*law's
upon the statute-book, I see not how the nation
can decide otherwise. I cannot, therefore, vote
for this provision under any circumstances. If
Congress decides to take this third mileage, I fear
it will be a stain upon its name and fame. The
Thirty-Seventh Congress has been summoned to
the consideration of measures of transcendent
importance to the country, and it has nobly per-
formed the high duties imposed upon it. No
Congress since 1776 has been called to the per-?
formance of higher duties, and no Congress in
our history.has more nobly met the responsibil-
ities imposed upon it. History will record its
acts and pronounce them eminently patriotic, true
alike to country and to the rights of mankind.
No members of Congress ever had such drafts
made upon their time or their means as have the
members of the Thirty-Seventh Congress; and
thousands of poor soldiers, sick and wounded,
scattered over the land, can bear testimony to the
devoted and generous action of the members of
this Congress; butwehad better beg our passages
to our homes than to put this more than doubt-
ful construction upon the laws of our country.
Mr. RICHARDSON. A very brief reply is
due to the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Massachusetts. What the intention of Congress
in passing the law was I do notknow. 1 can
have no controversy with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts about that. 1 take it for granted that
Congress expresses its intention in the words
which it employs in the passage of acts. I know
of no other rule of construction than that.
The Senator from Ohio says that the act of
1857 is doubtful. Not at all, sir. Theie is but
one construction that can be given to that act.
The Senator thinks it is liable to the construction
that but two mileages are to be paid. The Sen-
ator's construction would be exactly light and
proper if it did not use the words "subsequent
session;" but the constiuction would do away
with the language used in the act, if the i onstruc-
tion is given to it which the Senator from Ohio
claims should be given to it. The language is
clear and explicit. It is just as clear that at asub-
sequentsession yous.hall have your mileage as you
shall have your pay. There is no dispute, no
difficulty about that. It is clear and explicit; and
as a legal question 1 think a court would not hes-
itate a moment. Then we have this pro\ iso in the
appropriation bill of 1862:
'•That the >eeond mileage due by law "hall be paid at the
pi esc-nt sequin ai soon as certified by the ('residing Officers
of the Senate and House : jInd jnorttlcd* further, That Ihc
lore oiini pro\ i^o f-hull not be construed to include more
than two mileage- forlJjc presentCon-M;.^."
That is, that that act itself shall not be con-
strued to include more than two mileages; and that
is all there is in the law which the gentleman
il reads. It leaves the lesoiution of 135'"/ untouched
'| so far as this act of 186:2 is concerned. It leaves
!! the whole question precisely as it was befoie the
