578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
burne, Wheeler, Afbert S. White, Wilson, and Windom
—- * * - *
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Allen, of Ohio, to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to order a call of the House.
- Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, called for the. yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. White, of
Indiana, and Crisfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
ayes 28, noes 35.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
The tellers counted several gentlemen in the affirm-
ative after the negative count had taken place. I
therefore dispute the count of the tellers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order on the ground that
upon ordering the yeas and $ays gentlemen may
vote up to the very moment the Chair announces
the result of the count.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The Speaker, I think, decided
differently a few moments ago.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair under-
stands that such is not the fact.
Mr. HICKMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not entertain the appeal, and will read the rule if
the gentjeman desires it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not like to be cap-
tious, but I understand the Speaker of the House
has decided that, when the tellers have reported
the vote in the affirmative, no further count of that
side can take place.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the gentleman is mistaken. The Speaker
did not make that decision.
Mr. KNAPP. I ask to be excused from vot-
ing upon this proposition.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call the yeas and nays upon
that proposition.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that that motion is not in order, the
yeas and nays having been ordered upon this mo-
tion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Illinois that the mo-
tion to adjourn over being pending, a motion to
excuse a member from voting upon an incidental
proposition cannot, under the rules, be received.
Mr. KNAPP. Do I understand that I cannot
move to be excused ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not, at this time, entertain that proposition.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will,
in accordance with ihe decision which has been
acquiesced in by the House, refuse to entertain
an appeal. The Clerk will call the roll.
The question was taken; and it wa decidcd in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Riddle, Cox, Dunlap, Dunn',
Grider, Haight, Hall, Hardin?, Kerrigan, Knapp, Mallorv,
Mnynard, Morris, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Stiles,
Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley, Wiekhffe,
and Woodruff—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldnch, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Ringham, Blake. Buffinton, Camp-
bell, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Fiederick A. Conkling,
Itoscec Conkling, Conway, Cutler, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Samuel C. Fesscndcn, Thomas A. t). Fessenden,
Franchot, Frank. <*ooeh, Goodwin. Granger, Harrison.
Hickman, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, William Kel-
logg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McKean, McPher-
son, Mitchell, Monrhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Clin,
TimothyG.Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Potior, Alexander H,
Hice, John II. Rice, Kiddie, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Separ, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Stevens, Stratton, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Van Wyck,Verree, Walker, Wallace. Wash-
burne, Albert S. White, Wilson, Window, and Worces-
ter—77.
So the motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
During- the call of the roll, .
Mr. VOQRHEES asked whether he was enti-
tled to vote, having been in the gallery when his
name was called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore renlied in the neg-
ative. 'a
Mr. VOORHEES said he would vote in the
affirmative, if permitted.
WILLIAM. B. SNGWHGOK AND OTHERS.
Mr (GRANGER* from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, a bill (H. R. No. 487) for
the relief of William B. Snowhook and others;
when the Speaker signed the same.
NEGKO SOLDIERS AGAIN.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Allen] to the motion of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Perry,] that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Satur-
day next; no quorum having appeared on the pre-
vious roll call.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Illinois is smoking in the
Hall. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will look again he will find that he " don't see it."
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COX. Of course that point of order ends
in smoke. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I rise to make an in-
quiry 
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I object.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
ths negative—yeas 37, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Diddle, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Dunlap, Gnder, Haight,
Hall, Hardin?, Holman, Johnson, Kerrigan, Killinger,
Knapp, Mallory, Maynard, Morris, Noble, Norton, Odell,
Pendleton, Price, John II. Rice, Robinson, Slue!, Smith,
Stiles, Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Webster, Chilton A
White, Wiekhffe, Woodruff, and Yeaman—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, William G. Brown,
Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Colfax, Fredeiiek A.
Conkhng, Conway, Cutler, Davi-*, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fen-
ton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden,
Franchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurlcv, Hairison,
Hickman, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian,Kelley, William Kel-
logg, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, MePheison, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Ferry, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeioy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Sheliabaiger, Sherman, Sloan, Stevens, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Verree, Walker, Wallace, Washburne,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—71.
So the House refused to agree to the amendment.
The question then recurred on Air. Perry's
motion, that when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet Mon-
day of week after next.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hutchins
and Maynard were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers hav-
ing reported more than one fifth in the affirmative.
The question Was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Bailey, Riddle, William G. Brown, Clements, Cobb,
Cox, Crisfield, Dunn, Gianger, Glider, Harding, Ilolnian,
Johnson, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Killinger, Knapp,
Mallory, Maynard, Mori is, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Price,
Robinson, Shiel, Stiles, Vallandigham, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe,
Woodruff, and Yeaman—39.
NAYS—Messrs Aldnch, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, Buffinton. Campbell,
Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkhng, Con-
way, Cutlei, Davis, Edgeiton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel
C Fe^sendnn, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley,
Harrison. Hickman. Hooper. [Iiitehins-, Julian, Lansing,
Loomis. Ldw. McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S.
Mori ill, iVixon, Peuy, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomerov,
Porter, Potter, John H. Rice. Riddle, Edward II. Rollins,
Sargent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan,
Stevens, Stratton, Trimble,Trowbridge, Van Wyck,Verrce,
Wallace, Washburne, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom,
and Worcester—68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The. question was then taken on Mr. Perry's
motion: and it was decided in the negative-—yeas
36, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield,
Dunlap, Grider, Haight, Hall. Raiding, Holman, John&on,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Malloiy, Maynaid, Morris, Noble, Nor-
ton, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Price, Robinson, Shiel,Stiles.
Vallandigham, Voorhees, VVebstei, Wieklifte, Woodruff,
and Yeaman—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham. Blake, William G. Brown,
BufTmton, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Conway, Davi3, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton, Sam-
uel C. FuMsenden, Thomas A. J)> Fessenden, Franchot,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley. Harrison, Hick-
man, Hooper, Hutchins, Julian, Kdlev, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justm S.
Morrill, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Por-
ter. Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan,
Stevens, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Verree,Wadsworth,Wallace,Washburne,Alberts. White,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—71.
So the House refused to adjourn over till Fri-
day next.
Mr. WADSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded the ^eas and
nays. ^
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Ashley,Babbitt, Baker,Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton,
Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Cox,
Cutler, Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Samuel C. Fessen-
den, Thomas A. D Fes enden, Franchot, Frank, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurley, Hall, Harrison, Hooper,
Hutchins, Julian,Kelley,William Kellogg, Knapp,Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, Mallory, Maynard, Mitchell,Morris, Nixon,
Noble, Olin, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexan-
der II. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. ltollins, Sargent, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman. Sloan, Steven.*,Tiimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, Washburne, Webster, Albert S.
White, Chilton A. White, Wilson, Windom, and Worces-
ter—72.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Biddle, Cobb,
Dunlap, Fenton, Harding, Holman, Keriiffan, Norton, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Robinson, Shiel, Stiles,Wadsworth,Wood-
ruff, and Yeaman—17.
No quorum voted.
During the vote,
Mr. CAMPBELL, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. WADSWORTH objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL would have voted in the
affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is there a quorum ?
The SPEA KER. No quorum voted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is a motion for a call of the
House in order ?
The SPEAKER. A rule was passed during
the last Congress, in reference to which old mem-
bers seem to have a misapprehension. The Clerk
will read a clause of rule 132.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A call of the House shall not be in order after the pre-
vious question is seconded, unless it shall appear, upon an
actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum is piesent."
The SPEAKER. That was adopted March
16,1860. Previous to that time a call of the House
was allowable at any time, except on a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me make an inquiry.
Is a motion to go into secret session in order as a
piivileged question? I ask that the 137th rule be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"137. Whenever confidential communications are re-
ceived from the President of the United States, the House
shall be cleaied of all persons, except the members, Clerk,
Sergeant-at-Arms, and Doorkeeper, and so continue during
the reading of such communications, and (unless otherwise
directed by the House) during all debates and proceeding5*
to be had therpon. And when the Speaker, or any other
member, shall inform the House that he has communica-
tions to make which he conceives ought to tie kept secret,
the House shall, in like manner, bo cleared till the commu-
nication be made; the House shall then determine whether
the matter communicated requires secieey or not, and take
order accordingly."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman state that
he has a secret and confidential communication to
make to the House?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Would it be a privileged
question? "
The SPEAKER. It would be if aquorum were
present.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I will wait until we
get a quorum.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the House d© now
adjourn.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, demanded the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 23, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messiri. William Allen, Baiiy, Biddle, William
l- G. Brown, Clements, Cobb. C'ox, Crisfield, Dunlap, Dufin,
