582v
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
custody, wliereverto be found, by special messengers to be
appointed for that purpose,"
Mr. STEVENS moved that the gentleman be
discharged without the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN, moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
v Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
•The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 58, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Arnold,
Baiiy, Baker, Baxter, Beamaii, Kiddie, Blake, Biiflinton,
Chamberlain, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Cox, Cravens, Dunlap, Dunn,Edgerton, Eiy, Samuel
Cr Fessenden, Francliot, Frank, Gooeh, Grider, Haight,
Harding, Hooper, Hutchins, Johnson, Knapp, Loomis, Mc-
pherson, Mallory, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Odell,
Olin, Porter, Price, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, Segar,
Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Stiles, Trimble, Van
Wyck, Verree, Wallace, YVebster, Chilton A. White,
Wiekliffe, and Worcester—58.
NAYS—Messrs.. Aidrich, Campbell, Roscoe Conkling,
Cutler, Davis, Diven, Eiiot, Thomas A. O. Fessenden,
Goodwin, Granger, Hall, Harrison, Holman, William Kel-
logg, Lansing, Lovejoy, Low, Moorhead, Perry, Pike,
Pomeroy, Potter, Sargent, Shanks, Sherman, Stevens,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, Albert S. White, Wilson, and
Windom—31.
So all farther proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All proceedings
under the call having been dispensed with, the
doors of the Hall will be opened.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer a resolution, which
I send to the Chair in writing.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object.
A Voice. Let it be read for information.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. X object to its
being read for information.
Mr. BINGHAM. ' I will read it myself, then.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has not the right to read it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Can the Speaker decide that
I have no right to offer a motion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No motions ex-
cept privileged motions can be made except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. How can the Speaker tell
what it is until it is read?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
will indicate that it is a privileged motion he can
read it.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the House do not desire
to hear the motion I will not read it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Further pro-
ceedings under the call have been dispensed with,
but no quorum has voted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand a count of the
House to ascertain whether a quorum is here.
The SPEAKERjjro tempore counted the House,
and announced that eighty-five members were
present.
Mr. LOYEJOY, There being no quorum pres-
ent, I move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I rise to ask a favor of the House.
My application is for leave of absence from the
Hqusc. I have a great many things to do to-mor-
row, and by sitting up all night I am unfitted for
business. My committee meets to-morrow, and
I tyish to be able to meet with them.
Leave of absence was granted; on a division of
the House thirty-three voting in the affirmative,
and twenty in the negative.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
No quorum voted, and hence no excuse has been
granted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order. Less than a quorum
can compel the attendance of a member, and by
parity of reason less than a quorum can excuse
a member.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous consent i
to offer a resolution. I
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be reported for in-
formation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That it is hereby ordered by the House that the
vote on the pending motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question on the bill and amendments was ordered,
shall be taken at one o'clock to-moirow; and no other
motion, except for the previous question, shall be in order
until said question is determined, and upon the determina-
tion of said question, no dilatory motion shall be made to
prevent or delay a final vote upon the bill and amendments
now pending, and amendments as may be offered.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
The roll of the House was then called, and the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Jacob B. Blair. Samuel
S. Blair, George II. Browne, William G. Brown, Bumliain,
Calvert, Casey, Clark, Corning, Covode,Crisfie!d, Critten-
den, Dawes, Delano, Delaplaine, Duel!, Edwards, English,
Fenton, Fisher, Fouke, Gurley, Hale, Hickman, florton,
Francis W. Kellogg, Killinger, Law, Lazear, Leary, Leh-
man, Mctndoe, McKean, McKnight, Marston, May, Men-
zies, Nixon, Noel!, Nugen, Olin, Patton, John S. Phelps,
Alexander H. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, James S. Rollins,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Vandever, Van Valk-
enburgh, Vibbard, Walker, Wall, Walton, Ward, Wash-
burne, Wheeler, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and upon that I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.- A call of the
House has been had, and the doors will be closed,
and the names of the absentees called for excuses.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order. I
understand the rules of the House require that
members shall appear uncovered. I notice one of
my colleagues [Mr. Biddle] sitting here with his
hat on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
read the rule in that respect.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" Every member shall remain uncovered during the ses-
sions of the House."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, as he sees no member
with his hat on.
Mr. BIDDLE, (with hat in hand.) Have I a
right to reply to the point of order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not recognize the gentleman as subject to the point
of order.
Mr. BIDDLE. Very well, (resuming his seat,
and putting on his hat.)
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair now
calls the gentleman from Pennsylvania to order,
now that his attention is directed to him.
Mr. BIDDLE. I did not intend any disrespect
to the House by keeping my hat upon my head.
It was caused by delicacy ofeyesight, which made
this glare of gas light painful. If the point of order
was taken seriously, that is my excuse. If it was
taken as a pleasantry, I am sorry I have nothing
pleasant to reply to it. It makes me sad to see this
Government piloted to destruction amid jesting
and ["Order!" "Order!" from the Repub-
lican side of the Hall.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair calls
the gentleman to order.
Mr. BIDDLE. I would like to know for what.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair called
the gentleman to order for sitting in the Hall with
his hat on. The gentleman proceeded to state his
reasons for doing so, which remarks the Chair
indulged him as long as they related to that mat-
ter, but he proceeded from that to indulge in a
speech entirely foreign to the subject. The Chair
therefore called him to order.
Mr. DAVIS. In view of the weakness of the
gentleman's eyes [" Order!" " Order !" from
the Democratic side of the HouseJ
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that he be permitted to
wear [Renewed cries of "Order!"]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make an apol-
ogy, as I have worn my hat to-night.
Objection was made.
Mr. BLAKE. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the names of
absent members for excuses, omitting those who
have already been excused, as follows:
Charles B. Calvert. No excuse offered.
Samuel L. Casev. No excuse offered.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
John W. Crisfield. No excuse offered.
Henry L. Dawes. No excuse offered.
Isaac C. Delaplaine. No excuse offered.
Reuben E. Fenton. No excuse offered.
George B. Fisher. No excuse offered.
Philip B. Fouke.
Mr. KNAPP. My colleague is absent in Illi-
nois upon business of a personal character, and I
move he be excused.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I received a letter
a day or two since from Mr. Fouke, informing
me that he was detained at home on account of
the sickness of his wife; but I forgot to mention
it at an earlier period.
The motion was agreed to.
John A. Gurlet. No excuse offered.
John Hickman. No excuse offered.
Valentine B. Horton. No excuse offered.
John W. Killinger. No excuse offered.
Cornelius L. L. Leary. No excuse offered.
William E. Lehman. No excuse offered.
Robert McKnight. No excuse offered.
Henry May.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. May has been in
very delicate health lately, and though I do not
know that that is the cause of his absence, I pre-
sume it is, and I move that he be excused.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
John T. Nixon. No excuse offered.
John W. Noell. No excuse offered.
John Patton. No excuse offered.
Albert G. Riddle. No excuse offered.
James S. Rollins. No excuse offered.
Elbridge G. Spaulding. No excuse offered.
Francis Thomas. No excuse offered.
Chauncey Vibbard. No excuse offered.
Amasa Walker. No excuse offered.
Elijah Ward. No excuse offered.
Ellihu B. Washburne. No excuse offered.
William A. Wheeler. No excuse offered.
Benjamin Wood. No excuse offered.
Mr. STRATTON. I raise the point of order
that inasmuch as my colleague, Mr. Nixon, was
present and answered to his name upon the first
call, his name should not appear upon the list of
absentees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The gentleman is not
here now.
Mr. STRATTON. He is only temporarily
absent. I know he was here two minutes before
the doors were closed, and I trust the House will
have the record amended. If not, I move that he
be excused on the ground I have stated.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and nine mem-
bers have answered to their names.
Mr. BLAKE. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not-agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Johnson and
Moorhead were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 52.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to proceed to the consideration
of joint resolution No. 42, for the purpose of es-
tablishing a national armory west of the Alleghany
mountains.
Various Members objected.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 move that the clerk of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed, as a special messenger,
to bring in the absentees.
Mr. DUNN. I would like to have the mution
amended, so that it shall provide that the absent-
ees shall be brought in in alphabetical order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Most of these gentlemen are
already asleep on their virtuous couches, and I,
therefore, move to lay the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York upon the table.
The question was taken,and on a division there
were—ayes 25, noes 32.
So the House refused to lay the motion of Mr.
Diven on the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and being put, Mi-.Diven's
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to inquire who is
to pay the expenses ofthese arrests, the members
or the Treasury of the United States? I under-
stand that it will cost about four hundred dollars.
Who is to pay that ? Will it come out of the
Treasury ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is un-
able to answer the question of the gentleman from
Kentucky. The rule is that the House shall de-
