1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ment in explaining the amendment. This prop-
osition, won! for word, has passed both the House
of Representatives and the Senate. The House,
however, incorporated upon it amendments which
are not palatable here, and cannot go through. It
is precisely the same tliing we have voted upon
deliberately and passed. The report of the sig-
nal office is, that instead of being an increase of
expense it will be a decrease. It is recommended
by the Secretary of War in his report, by every
general commanding in the field, and by many of
your naval officers. I regard it as one of the most
important measures before Congress, and I can
Bee no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out "fif-
teen" in the appropriation for surveys of the pub-
lic lands in California and Nevada, and to insert
M twenty-five;" so as to read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims
In California and the Territory of Nevada, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move in the next clause to
strike out " ten," and insert44 fifteen;" so as to
read:
For surveying the public lands ui Kansas and Nebraska,
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLA N. There are $10,000 in another
item for Kansas and Nebraska. That makes
§25,000 in the two. 1 move to strike out " five"
in the next clause, and insert" ten-," so as to read:
For surveying the public lands m Oregon, ,$10,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inform the Sen-
ator from Iowa that there are two appropriations
in this bill for surveys in those Territories.
Mr. IIARLAN. 1 am aware of that. I have
taken a memorandum of the subsequent part of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the clause
relating to .surveys in the Territory of Dakota by
striking out 4t five," and inserting " ten." That
is in a subsequent part of the hill. The clause
will then read:
For surveying the public land-* in Dakota Territory, in
addition to ihe sum ii'M'-nib'-lore nppiopiiated, .•510,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The words "in addition to
the sum hereinbefore provided "should be stricken
out. There is nothing m the previous portion of
the hill. It has been dropped out in some way;
accidentally, I suppose.
Mr. RiCE. 1 hope that amendment will not
be adopted. We have now before us a memmial
passed by the Legislature of Dakota Temtury
stating that the surveys are far in advance of the
settlements, and praying that no appiopriatinn
be mode at this session for surveys of the public
lands. It is due to the Legislature of that Terri-
tory to state that they did hope the amount esti-
mated for would Im> e\pended in building loads.
Mr. IIARL AN. I f the Senator will allow me I
will say that the inennu m1 to which he refers never
passed tin.* Legislature. It was introduced i>y some
member, but it never was passed by either branch
of the Legtslutm e. U has been, 1 think, introduced
in the other branch of Congress as a memorial
that had passed the Legislatuie,hut it is a mistake.
The amendment vv.u agreed to.
Mr. CIIANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have instme^rl ni<- to offer the following
amendment to be added to the end of section on J;
For salary of the United H at^ consul at I'oit auPiiuce,
Havti, for tin- year ending Ju'i- <:i\ lt\51.
Mr. SUMNER. That was stricken out of the
consular anproptiation bill on my motion, and tor
the very reason that when the commissioner and
consul general to llayti was constituted, it was
expressly understood there was to bo no conxuH
there; eh the consular duties are to be p< iforrm d
by the commissioner and consul general.
Mr. CHANDLER. ' know not lung about it.
The Comrm.t-'e on Commerce ofTei this at ihe ,
recommend.'...-;u ot'ih" yeei-taty of S*: t<;. :
The ani'Midment was reject'U. !
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Imovemi
additional section to the hill, that I tim sure there
Wi'i be no opposition to:
rfnd Ic xtfaitker enacted, That every judge advocate of
a court-ist.unal oi court of inquiry her-'utter to be consti-
tuted frNII     to Issue tliu hke proems to compeJ
to *<nd tj's?i|V which '•our?5? of eumumi
jurisdiction within the State, Territory, or District where
such military court shall be ordered to sit may lawfully
iss-ue.
It is simply to save money to the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am also
instructed by the same committee to offer the fol-
lowingamendment, which the Government is very
anxious to have in:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the
twenty-first section of theactontitied "An act for enrolling
ami cal lina: out the national foices, and tor other purposes,"
passed duiing the piesent session^ shall be extended so as
to embrace at) death sentence^ ol militaiy commissions as
well as courts-martial for the offenses therein named, and
shall apply to all convicted persons for misbehavior before
the enemy, and for violence offered or attempted to be of-
feied to the persons of officers in violation of the ninth
aiticlc of war.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following amendment:
For laying out a military road from Sioux City, [own, to
Foi t Randall, Dakota Ten irorv, and bridging the Dakota and
Vermillion river.-., $10,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of Hie Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire for information
whether this bill is the universal referee of the
present session ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is an omnibus bill.
Mr. DAVIS. It is an omnium.gatherum.
Mr. WADE. I was requested to offer thife
amendment. It was recommended by the Secre-
tary of the lntei ioi, and the estimate is made for it.
It is recommended in these words:
"A military load fiom Sioux Citv, Iowa,to Fort Randall,
embracing In idling over the Vermillion and Dakota riven,
would be of proat advantage to the Temtory. This load,
including budge*, is climated at and may be constructed
lor $10,000."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LATHAM. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to offer the following
as <i new section;
.*?,)./ In- 11 ftnUu-r cnact.C(U That upon the request in writ-
ing of the ihvix'i oi offiicis oflayds in the vicinity of Well-
ington, District of Columbia, upon winch for military pur
[xwes uees have been felled, the militaiy governor of the
District of Columbia be, and he heieb> i-, authou^ed and
duccted to employ, find supply with lation* where neees-
saiy, a competent number of the fieed men and other col-
oied jm'moiis m said l)i-ai Hi, to cut and coid the wood "-o
Idled and now lying on «.,ud land-viml pay them a reason-
able price therefor, and that he cau>e the '■aid wood to be
hauled by s-uch teanMeis and teams of the United States
■is f-li.tll be fioin time to time d< tailed lor that duty; and
that he eau^e the -ame to be deported m such convenient
places as may be designated by the owners, and theie deliv-
ered to them ; and t.ie co-t <>( cutting and delivenng the
said wood '•hall in- chained to the i e-pective own- is* b\ way
of mm-o'I, in whole or m pair, foi damage* which may be
adjudged to them for ihe waste and de*ti uction done by the
(,TnU< d tftali a on the *atd lauds.
Mr. KING. This is a proposition, as I under-
stand it fiom the readme; by the Clerk, to go into
partnership w^h the people who are to draw wood ;
and it Rectus to me that it is entirely undesirable.
The Government have cut wood about the city
here; cut down the trees. The wood lies theie,
to bo sine, and misrht be made useful to the own-
ers if it could be drawn and sold. This isa prop-
osition at the expense of the Government to pro-
vide teams and hire people to cut it and draw it
here, and then to^ive to these persons aeiedit for
this wood on account of its having been cut. It
L>eiiins without any sort of deJiniteness or exact-
ness. I see no oOi t of reason or fitness or propi i-
etV 111 il.
The amendment was r-'j^cted.
Mr, RICE. I nin directed by the Committee
on Al'iuary A (Thus to offer the following auicnd-
hr'U! :
• J"'? he it fmlha evicted, That the fecietary of the Trens-
ut) b and he i • her* l>\. directed, out of ar.\ moucv m t!ie i
Treisury not otherw.^e appiopi tated. to payto the (Jfovern-
oi of the fcSi ite of Minnesota oi hi.i duly authouzed agent
the en«.t>, eh.uges, and expense's piopcilv inclined l«y ^aul
Slat" in supni esMng Indian ho-Muie*. within said State and
upon its border m the yea  180:>, not evcecdms $3">0,000.
to !r- serrb'd upon piopei voucher-! to b-> filed with and
pa^ed bj the proper accountiui: officers of tlie Tien^ury :
Provided, That in det^imuung the claun3 to be allowed
invlei tliif a<H the same principles, jule-5, and regulations
.shah be observe d by the accounting orticeis in auditing said
cvpenxc as have been applied to the claims allowed to
Street under the act approved July 1861, entitled "An i
act to indemnify the Slates for expenses incurred by them
m defense of the United States.
This passed the Senate without a dissenting
vote before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it not passed both
Houses?
Mr. RICE. The bill is in the Military Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives now.
The question was put; and the amendment was
declared not to be agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I must ask for a division on this
question. This proposition passed the Senate
without a dissenting vote; and if there is any rea-
son for Senators changing their votes since three
weeks ago, 1 should like to know what it is. It
passed the Senate after discussion upon two dif-
ferent occasions, and it passed without a dissent-
ing voice; and if there is any reason why the
Senate or any member should change his judg-
ment, I should like to know it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did we not authorize a
commission to examine the matter?
Mr. RICE. The Senate passed a bill exactly
in the words of this amendment, and the proviso
was drawn by the Senator from Ohio. It passed
word for word as this amendment reads.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did we notauthorizecom*
missioners to examine it?
Mr. RICE. No, sir. It passed the Senate word
for word as it has been read at the Cleik's desk,
and after a full discussion, without a dissenting
voice. The Senator from Ohio participated m the
debate, and he offered a proviso which was adopted
and which is incorporated in this amendment. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Cowan, Dixon, Doo«
little,Foster, Grimes, Harding,Harlan, flains, Hicks, How*
ard, IIovvc, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansa=, Latham,
Moirili, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Richardson,
Sumner, Ten Eye!?, Turpic, Wall, Wilkinson, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—29.
NAY'S—Messrs. Clark, Davis, Fessenden, King, Sher-
te i, Trumbull, Willey, and Wilmot—8.
>':o the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITPI. I am recommended by the
Committee on Military Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
be it further enacted, That the Surgeon General be,
and is hereby, authorized to expend from the appiopnatiotis
(or the medical department the sum of $2,500, or so much
thereof as may be necessary in tiie preparation of the med-
ical and suigical lii>tory of the rebellion.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a proposition in which
there is no money, nothing but a facility for the
administration of justice. 1 move as an additional
section:
.dndbeit further enacted, That the district court of the Uni-
ted Stales m district-, paitially m nibmrcctton may be bold
at such times and places m the said districts as  the district
judge iherein may designate by adjournment or otherwise,
and biieh .judge may fill by appointment ad interim any va-
cancy that may ovist or occur In the olHee of marshal or
di-ti ict attorney, and thru official acts shall have the same
validity a& it such appointments had been made in the or-
dinal-) foun.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts is clearly in violation
of the Constitution.
Mr SUMNER. Not at all. There' is no vio^
lation of the Constitution in it. There is nothing
but justice and the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his amendment. It
will make debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to make any
debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is debat-
ing it.
Mr. SUMNER. I was saying one word, and
will say but one word, in reply.
Mr. RICflARDSON. The Senator provides
that the judge may appoint a marshal—an office
created by law.
Mr. SUMNER. An acting marshal ad interim
to facilitate the administration of justice, and that
he may hold his court at such times and placesas
lie may think best. It is, in short, to promote the
administration of justice.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TURPIE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jind be it finlher en acted, That the Assistant Secretary of
the Interior shall have the same salary as tlie Assistant Sec-
retary ol' the Treasury.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended \
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. DIXON. Are amendments still m order?
