im%.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOKE.
m-
I shall not say anything about that, preferring to
stick to the report—that the commissions in some
instances exceeded that.
A year ago 1 had occasion, as chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a charge of commissions
which I thought th£  was outrageous*, but the
Senate at that time refused to say not only that
that was wrong, but that that was not a proper
mode of doing business; and a letter was sent to
the Senate by a gentleman who received two and
a half per cent., in which he averred upon his
reputation as a merchant, and Ivis honor as a man
—1 do not know that I have got his very words,
but I give the substance—that it was the best mode
of doing business, if it was well and efficiently
carried out. These gentlemen have undertaken
to carry it out well and efficiently, and, instead of
taking two and a half per cent., they have- taken
five and six.
There is another fact, a very important one, in
this matter. This Mr. Southard, as I am in-
formed, and I think Lhe facts will turn out to be
so, has undertaken to pay back the commissions
that he received; but to whom, do you suppose?
To the. Government out of whom the money was
swindled? Nota mill of it. He has repented, and
is willing to pay a commission back, not to the
Government who paid it, but to the merchants.
What odds does that make to the Government?
It may be said that he has repented, but he has
not repented in the right quarter. Repentance
should be toward God and good works.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, And the
Government.
Mr. HALE. Yes; and the Government, too.
If he and these merchants conspired together, and
he took a commission out of them, I do not care
a snap of the finger who keeps the money, lie or
they; the money belongs to the Government of
the United States. The matter is before the Sen-
ate; I have no more to say.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, experience is
a very good schoolmaster, but sometimes a very
expensive one; and it seems to me that there are
some very important lessons to be drawn from
this investigation, which ought to govern the
Congress of the United States in its action, and
ought to govern the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment in their action in the future. I desire for
a few minutes to occupy the time of the Senate in
calling the attention of the body and ofthe country
to some defects in getting; up this very important
expedition, against which the Government in fu-
ture, it seems to me, ought to guard.
All other Governments than ourselves have
regulated the transport system. We have novor
before had any large military or naval expedi-
tions to put on foot, and consequently there has
never been any necessity for the passage of any
law to regulate this subject. Such laws do exist
in France, in England, and in almost all the other
countries of Europe. I think it is important that
a law should he passed- here, and I intend,before
this subject shall have passed out of the consid-
eration of the Senate, to introduce a bill by which
the executive officers of the Government, the mil-
itary and naval departments of it, shall he con-
trolled in futiue, but as the subject is now im-
mediately before us, it is as proper for me to point
out the reasons which will induce me to that
course now as at any future time.
The first great error in getting up this expedi-
tion was in not fairly and openly advertising for
vessels. The War Department should have ad ver-
tised to receive vessels ut certain ports, specifying
the character of the vessels which they required.
There was no earthly reason why this should not
have been done. There was no greater secrecy
attained by the method which was adopted than
would have been observed if advertisements had
been published in all the newspapers ofthe coun-
try. That has been the method hitherto pursued
by the Government until the commencement of
this war, and it has always worked well. The
select committee, when in New York, took the
testimony of some of the most prominent ship-
owner in that city on that subject, and they all
testified that that was what the ship-owners and
ship-masters desired,and that the Government in-
terests had hitherto been promoted and protected
by doing so, and that there was no reason in the
world why that system should not have been con-
tinued. The testimony ofMr. Clearman, of the
house of Sturges, Clearman & Co., one of the
most prominent merchants in the city, is as fol-
lows, on that point:
« Question, Was therp ever an-y complaint of unfairness
or exorbitance of prices, or tardiness ot movement, so long
as that system was continued of chartering vessels, undei
the system adopted by Colonel Tompkins and the quarter-
master who preceded him, byadverttsingforthe ship-own-
ers to come in ?
~lHswer. No, sir; none that overcame to my knowl-
edge.
" Question. Was the Government well served at thattirne.
so far as camp witlnn your own knowledge and observation?
"•Answer. Weil, Mr. Grimes, 1 ought to explain: f think
that since this war has commenced there has been an entire
departure, both in the quartermaster's department here, the
regular quaiterma>-ter> depattweet, and the volunteer de-
partment, from the system ot advertising. There has been but
very little of it done. I think the mode of acting hy adver-
tising is the only proper and lair way—giving,all a olmnee.
I have no heMtnuon myself in nay ma. (and I think I so test-
ified before Mr. Van Vvyck's committee,) that if proposals
had been invited publicly for vessels for the Buinside ex-
pedition, ut which the vessels were ehavteied by monthly
charter, they might have been obtained for twenty-five per
cent, lets than they were. I think they could have been
chartered for twenty-five per cent loss than was paid. Ynu
know how that was done. Mr. John Tucker, the Assistant
Seciotary of War, I think, came on here and made these
charters—most of them. The rate was fixed. I thmk in
that case there was no advertisement iasued at all. 1 refer
to bailing vessels only.
" Question* Did Mr. Tuckermake those contracts direct-
ly, or through the agency of brokers?
j3mu/er. It was through the agency of brokers here, I
think, mostly. I navcr could sec any necessity font. There
maybe occasions where they cannot get through—where
there is a gieut press for time, and they cannot go through
the formalities of advertising and giving notice; but for all
these expeditions that have been fitted out I cannot see any
good reason why they could not have advmksed a (id invited
proposals. There has been a good deal of feeling hero
among ship-owners who do their own business, m regard
to that."
Mr, Snow, ofthe firm of Burgess & Snow, quite
an eminent firm in that city, testified thus:
" Question. Would it not have been as easy for the Gov-
ernment to have nude it- contracts diicctly with the ship-
owners as through the iutei volition of an agent, and would
not that have been as *afe to flie Government as to have
acted through the intervention of Mr. Southard?
" dnswer. We supposed lhat the proper way (or the Gov-
ernment to have procured these vessels would have been
through the quartermaster, who is constantly chartering
vcsm'Js for the Government.
"Question. Who in the (joarteimaster in charge?
<{ Jinswer. Colonel Tompkins ha* been removed. Cap-
tain Stmson is a veiy capable man, and has charge of that.
"Question. Ilave any ot the contracts made with the
quaitermnster's department been tueh aH would require or
warrant the taking from this quartermaster's department of
this hi anch of buMnec  ?
(l diisu:er. The general opinion of ship-owners here, and
that is thy uiideiMamlins in getting these charters, Is that
the business has been done very correctly indeed with the
,quartermaster here. They repaid Captain Stinson as a very
honniable, fair, straightforward man, who looks closely to
the interests of the Government in procuring charters.
'^Question. So tar as jou know, then, there has been no
conduct on the part of the legitimate officers of the quar-
termaster's department that would justify any one in pro-
nouncing them incompetent for the proper discharge of this
duty ot chartering vessels?
u Jlnswer. So fai as I know, and fiom the general under-
standing of the people owning ships, they are quite compe-
tent to procure all the ships that Government may require.
That la the general understanding, and the general conver-
sation among men is so/'
Again, the same witness testified:
''All thnt we shipowner0 desire is that Government
should notify us through the papers when they want any
ships. Ship' owners are patriotic, and would be glad to fur-
nish ship-* to Government But the way ihese expeditions
have been fitted out it is very difficult to find out who is
the man to get the ships in. An obr-cure man, a btoker of
whom we knew nothing, would come up and tell us that
we mu.-t pay t-o inueh per cent., and through him we must
get these charters. Then we must go to him. Wc yield,
and let him have it.1'
Mr. President, the next error in getting up this
expedition was in not following the law of Con-
gress, approved on the 12th of February, 1862,
which was passed tluough Congress at the in-
stanceof liie Wai Department, and winch declares
that—
*' The President of th<- United States be, and he is hereby,
authonzed to temporarily detail three competent naval of-
ficers lor the service of the War Department in the inspec-
tion of transport vessels, and lor such other services as may
be designated by the Seeretaiy of War."
Why wm this not doner Why did not the
Secretary of War comply with that law, and have
three competent naval officers—a sea officer, an en-
gineer, and a naval constructor—detailed for this
specific duty; men who were experts in the partic-
ular branches to which they were to be assigned ?
That was not done at the instance of the very gen-
tleman whom my friend the Senator from New
Hampshire proposes to stiike out of his resolu-
tion, Commodore Vanderbilt. When Mr. Stan-
ton proposed to Commodore Vanderbfflt to under-
take getting ready the transports for this expedi-
tion, he sent for him, and Com mod o reV at) d erbilfc
came here according to his-own testimony; Atf
an interview with the Secretary of War, Mr. Stan-
ton proposed that a commission be appointed to
inspect vessels; and I will read from Commodore-
Vanderbilt's testimony on that points
" The Secretary of War telegraphed me to see if I' could'
not come to Washington, t Went to Washington. The Ami
time I saw him he. intimated something, atw>ttt n Quarter-
master's position in New York. But Isaid-io him; v, We'll
stop right there. Mr. Stanton, there is no j>q?ttion in tills
Government thnt I want, and' none that f will tttKe.; iro
place o?' emolument thnt I can take.' lie was- delicaiG'on
that point, and b topped It right there. This was before l-
saw General Banks. Said I, 'Anything I can do for you I
am willing to do.' Upon that we Jeft. This was iatc'iu'
the evening. It was iate-when I got there. Says he,* I
will come and pee you in the morning.' Says*I, i You need'
not come ; ( will come ami .^eeyou; what time do you^et
up?' 'About nine o'clock,' he said. Well, about that tim.e-
I went tip to the War Department. Said he,' I have thought
this thing over, and made up my miml. Come and get into
the carriage 5 We went out and got into the carriage. We
went to see General Banks, and he and General Bank#>
talked a minute or two and called me up. Said he, 'Thisftr
a secret expedition, and no one else is to know it but U3
tfiree.' Says I,' No one will know it from me; I will as-
sure you that.' Says he,(I wantyoutoassist General Banter
in New York in fitting it out.' I f>aid I would do that to the-
best of my ability. After stating over where the expedition
was going, we parted. IIis interviews were short. Therev
was not much to do. We parted with an understanding-that
Geneial Banks was tojeavethat afternoon by the afternoon*
train for New York. X was going on that tram, and so we
camc on the s-anie train. At this interview with the Sec-
retary of War, he paid,' I will have the inspectors appointed
to inspect the vessels of this expedition.' i said, * That i*
of no use, Mr. Stanton. It don't appear to be of airy fci«4
of use at all.' 4 Why?' said he. 1 said, 'Congress Hob
already passed a law that evory vessel that cleats from a
custom-house must have her inspectors papers. Thereare
two inspectors; one for her machinery, and the other for
the t-eaworthiness of lhe vessel, fitnohS for voyage, 8cc.}
and these papers have to be renewed every twelvp months,
or else she cannot clear any custom-house. Is not that in-
spection ertough tor the Government for this expedition?
Says he, : I don't know about thnt. I would like to make
this thing doubly sure. Theie will be no harm in havm$
them doubly inspected.' "
One inspector was to be appointed; that was
Commodore Van Brunt. He was directed to re-
port immediately to General Banks to assist in
getting up this expedition; and what was he au~,
thorized to do ? To inspect vessels? By no man-
ner of means; but merely to supervise the outfit;
and, according to his own testimony, and to the
concuirent testimony of other persons, when he
reported to General Banks he said to General
Banks that he was incompetent to the discharge
of that particular kind of (luty, so far as it related
to steamships. General Banks replied to him that
they had already discussed this subject of appoint-
ing a man to assist him so far as steamships were
concerned, and that person was Mr. Charles H.
Haswell; and asking him what in his opinion
would bo the qcalifications of Mr. Haswell. Com-
modore Van Brunt, knowing something of Mr.
Haswell, replied that he believed that he was as
good a man as anyone that could be selected.
Therefore, so far as the steam vessels and their
engines were concerned—so far, indeed, as their
hulls were concerned—the man who did the in-
spection was Mr. Haswell. So far as the sailing
vessels were concerned, there is no controversy
as to their qualities; they are all admitted to be
good sea-going vessels.
Another great defect in connection of the getting
up of this expedition was thf concealment from
the inspectors ofthe destination of the expedition.
It was attempted to keep the destination of the
expedition entirely secrct from everybody except
Mr. Stanton, General Banks, and Commodore
Vanderbilt, and what was the result? Mr. Has-
well and Mr. Van Brunt would have a vessel
pointed out to them by Commodore Vanderbilt.
Now, there is one class of steamers thatare adapted
for what are called outside passages; they posset
^ood sea-going qualities, they are capable of nav-
igating the ocean anywhere; while there is an-
other class, many of which were employed in this
expedition, that art? only designed and only ca-
pable of navigating inland waters. They are ves-
sels that were built to navigate the North river, to
run through the Sound in Connecticut, or through
the bays m New Jersey. Those vessels gener-
ally have a pilot on board and a captain. In some
cases the captain may be a navigator; butgener-
aliy they have men on board who are governed
in their course and m^heir navigation by head-
lands and points. Mr. Haswell and Commodore
