THE COMSRISSIOJflL GLOBE.
January 29,
litiott, within the neit six or eight years, will add
to: her hundreds of thousands of inhabitants and
h&ndredsof millions of doliarsof wealth. Every-
body knows it wiro has studied the effect of sla-
very upon the growth, development, and pros-
perity of aStaae. By ihe abolition of slavery she
waold increase in population, in wealth, in power,
irt resources, and m everything that makes agreat
State. With these results a fixed certainty, proved
by.the history of every State ami eountyand town-
ship of the Republic during its whole existence,
one would think thatthe people of that State would
at once seize the occasion to wipe out this institu-
tion, that has blasted that State and brought upon
it the withering desolations of war. By the pro-
visions of their constitution, they cannot do it
without maloing a compensstion to the slavehold-
ers, and therefore I am ready to give my vote to
tax the toiling men of my State; to tax the farm-
ers, the mechanics, the merchants, the fishermen
on the coasts of New England, to blot slavery out
of the State. Yes, sir, I am reatly to tax my own
barren New England so as to more effectually
crush out tins rebellion, give domestic tranquil-
lity., increase of population and of wealth to that
g-reat empire State of the- West. I shall vote the
money of Massachusetts with all my heart for
emancipation in Missouri; but, sir, it must be
emancipation now or withm a few years. 1 care
far less for the money than for the time. I am
for making it a free State with free influences in
my day and generation.
I admit that in a great State where slavery ex-
isted, as it does in some of the slave States, grad-
ual emancipation mightbe the best; but in a State
like Missouri or Delaware or Maryland or West
"Virginia, the sooner it is removed the better for
all, masters and slaves. We heaid about grad-
ual emancipation in this District last year, when
we paid §300 for every slave, when we paid more
than they were worth, moie than they would
have sold for here that day, or would well for here
this day <^" our Lord. Then we weie generous
and libera! with our own; we paid, in the aggre-
gate, $300 each for old men and old women and
little babies, and strong men and strong women.
When we did that net of beneficence, we heard this
talk about gradualism; but we saw, sir, that the
sooner slavery was blotted put, the sooner it would
cease to be felt or remembered. The three thou-
sand slaves passed at once into the body of the free-
men ofthis District; nobody knowsanythingabout
the change to-day,except that they are all fret-, atid
that the capital of this Christian Republic is free
forever.
I cannot vote for this amendment of the Judi-
ciary Committee; and 1 mustoxpressmyamaze-
ment that such a proposition conies from that
committee. When the House of Representatives,
under the lead of a distinguished member from
the State of Missouri, passed the bill for the eman-
cipation to take place by the 4th of July, 1865,
which may be called immediate, and to exclude
all slaves hereafter brought into the State, and to
pay only skive masters who have not given aid
and comfort to the enemies of the country, and
to appropriate $10,000,000, 1 am not a little sui-
prised that the Senate committee should put the
word "gradual" in place o( immediate, and 1876
instead of 2865, and allow slaves to be brought
into the State to be paid for, and then to pay for
all slaves except those who have been or may be
emancipated by the confiscation act, and to give
$20,000,000. These propositions 1 cannot vote
for unless they are radically amended . We stand
committed to aid these loyal States, and f intend
to act up to our pledge in good faith. Before 1
left home 1^ wrote to Mr. Brown, a distinguished
gentleman in Missouri, in regard to the policy of
tendering aid to the State. When I came here I
consulted the Attorney General, and he requested
me to introduce the billto aid emancipation. I
am committed to this policy. And, sir, I desire
to go further I desire not only to aid Missouri,
now that she has an emancipation Legislature
elected, but I desire to make a irasonuble prop-
osition to "West Virginia, to Delaware, and to
Maryland. If they chose to accept it, then we
should have so much of this country under the
peaceful, loyal, and ennobling influences of free-
dom. Sir, we have the proclamation emancipa-
ting slaves in the rebel States. Kentucky and
Tennessee, that have been exempted, have a large
-number of slaves, and there m very little disposi-
tion manifested yet to accept any aid from the
Government; but in the other border States we
know that there are large masses of men willing
to accept at once any reasonable proposition to
aid emancipation.
Mr. KENNEDY. Will the honorable Senator
allow mfe to ask him one question on that point?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. Has there been any inti-
mation at all from the State of Maryland of a will-
ingness on the part of that State to accept any
such aid ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I assure the
Senator that some of the first men of that State,
and some of the best men of that State, are ex-
ceedingly anxious that this Congress shall make
an offer to that State to aid emancipation.
Mr. KENNEDY. Not among the slavehold-
ers, I presume.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Some of the
largest slaveholders in the State are for compen-
sated emancipation.
Mr. KENNEDY. I was not really aware of it.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I shall move
an amendment to the amendment proposed by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate.
Mr. PESSENDEN. 1 desire to ask a question
of the chairman of the committee which reports
this substitute for the bill. I notice that in the
original bill, as it passed the other House, the ex-
pression is used, "a good, valid, and constitu-
tional act of emancipation.n In the substitute that
expression is stricken out, and it simply says, "a
law, ordinance, or other provision for the giadual
or immediate emancipation of all the slaves." I
should like to know the reason for that change.
Mr. TRUiVlBULL. The House bill provides
for the delivery of the bonds when the President
shall be satisfied that a good, valid, and constitu-
tional act of emancipation has been passed. I did
not suppose that his acting upon the question
would affect the validity of the law one way or
the other. The substitute provides that the faith
of the State of Missouii and of the United States
shall be pledged to carry out the provisions of this
act, in case it is accepted by the State of Mis-
souri. 1 did not suppose it added any strength
whatever to put. in the word "constitutional.''
The bill is just as well without it as with it. The
act is no law atall if it is unconstitutional.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Yes it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An unconstitutional act is
clearly not a law, it has no force whatever. There
is no design in leaving out that phrase. There
is sufficient provision made on that point in the'
substitute, for it provides—
That whenever satisfactory evidence shall be presented
to the President of the United States that the State of Mis-
souri lm> adopted a law, ordinance, or other provision for
the gradual or immediate emancipation of all tiie slaves
th^ieiii, and the exclusion of slavery loiever thereafter from
said State, it shall he Ins duty to prepare and deliver to the
Governor ot *aid State. &c.
It is furlhor provided that the faith of the Uni-
ted States and of the State of Missouri shall be
pledged to carry out the terms of the compact thus
made. I think that is as strong as you can make
it. There is certainly no objection to inserting
the word " constitutional "before the word4' law,"
if it is insisted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lank, of
Kansas, in the ehair.) TIia Chair desires to state
that the amendment which has been sent to the
desk by the Senator from Massachusetts is not
now in" order.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is an
amendment to theamendment.
Ffie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Commit-
tee on the J udiciary propose an amendment to the
entire bill; the pending amendment is one pro-
nosed by the Senator from Missouri to that amend-
ment. The amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is not now in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. My propo-
sition is to amend the substitute. If Senators do
not think proper to vote for it at this time, I am
not desirous of pressing it; but 1 present it to show
svtiat I would do if I had my way. I desire, at
any rate, to have it lead.
Tl.e PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the proposition sent to the Chair by the
Senator from Massachusetts will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That whenever satisfactory evidence shall be presented
to the President ot' the United States that either the States
of Missouri, Maryland, Delaware, or West Virginia has
adopted a law, ordinance, or other provision for the eman-
cipation of all the slaves therein, and for the exclusion of
slavery forever thereafter from such State, it shall he his*
duty to prepare and deliver to the Governor ot such State
as shall so provide, to the Governor of Missouri $18,000,000,
to the Governor of Maryland $18,000,000, to the Governor
of Delaware $300,000, and to the Governor of West Vir-
ginia $1,500,000, in bonds of the United States, hearing in-
terest at tiie rate of live per cent, per annum, and payable-
thmy year* after the date thereof, to he used by such State
to compensate for the inconveniences produced by such
change ot system : Provided, that the said bonds shall not
be delivered, as herein directed, unless the act of emanci-
pation shall be adopted by such State within eighteen
months after the passage of this act, nor unless said act
shall provide that slavery or involuntary servitude within
such State, except in punishment of crime, shall forever
cease and determine on some day not lat<>r than the 4th dfty
of July, 1865. and never afterwards be introduced therein.
Sec. 2.  drid be it further enacted} That the said semi-
annual interest shall he payable, and said bonds shall be re-
deemable, out of moneys to be hereafter appropriated by
Congress, and shall be reimbursed to the Treasury of thg
United States from the property of rebels confiscated to tiie
Government by the^tles of war, or by virtue of any act of
Congress, or fiom tne proceeds thereof.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That no compensation
shall be paid out of the proceeds of the bonds hereby pro-
vided for, for any slave hereafter to be imported or brought
into either of the States of Missouri, Maryland, Delaware,
or West Virginia, nor to any person or persons who may at
anytime have engaged m,or in any manner aided, the pres-
ent rebellion, or who may in any wise have wiliiiillygiven
aid and comfort to the rebel*, or incited or encouraged the
present rebellion ; or who may at any time have acocptcd
and held any ofiice, either civil, naval, or military, under
the so-called confederate States of America, or shall have
willingly taken the oath of allegiance to the so-called eon-
federate State*.; or who may have willfully retus.ed to take
the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United
States when thereto required by any military or civil au-
thority of the United States, or of said States of Missouri,
Maryland, Delaware, or West Virginia.
Sec. 4. Jln<l be it further enacted, That upon the enact-
ment of laws by either of the State* referred to in this act,
and accepting its provisions, and adopting laws f( r the full
and perfect manumission of all the slaves therein, on or
befoie the 4th day of July, A. D. 1865, and the future ex-
clusion of the system ofsUvery from the State forever there-
after, the. faith of the United States and of either of the said
States will be pledged to carry out the terms of the compact
thus created.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.]
Mr. KENNEDY. If it is in order, I should
like to move an amendment to the amendment oT
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment just read is not now before the Senate. The
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The Senator
from Massachusetts has referred, in the course of
his argument, to the fact that slaves may be intro-
duced into the State of Missouri after the passage
of this act of emancipation. In that heiscorrect.
I have the constitution of that Slate before me,
and it provides that s o long as a slave remains in
the State of Missouri, bona fide emigrants may in-
troduce similar persons from other States There-
fore, if the amendment proposed by the commit-
tee should be adopted, and 1876 shall be fixed as
the time for this emancipation to take effect, cer-
tainly all the citizens of the State of Missouri,
and all who chose to emigrate there, would have
Lhe right to take theirslaves with them, and bring
slaves in. I will read the clause in the constitu-
tion, in order that it may be understood:
" The General Assembly shall have no tfi&ter to pass
laws— ~'
'*First, For the emancipation of slaves, without the con-
sent of their owners, or without paying t'-i.-m, befoie such
emancipation, a full equivalent lor such slaves so emanci-
pated ; and,
" Second, To prevent hova fide emigrants to this State,
or actual scttleis* therein, nom bringing ftom any of the
United States, or from any of th««ir Territories, biieh per-
sons as mav there be deemed to be slave*, so long as any
persons of the same description are allowed to be held a*
slaves by tiie laws of this State.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess, Mr. President,
that I am somewhat surprised at the change that
has been made by the Committee on the Judiciary
m the bill passed by the House of Representa-
tives. I am not clear, however, or at any rate not
so clear as my friend from Massachusetts is, that
we are under any pledge to make any appropria-
tion for the purpose of paying for slaves in the
several States. The recommendation of the Presi-
dent, as I understood it,and I believe I commented
on it at the time, and the resolution we passed,
was that the United States ought to aid any State
that wished to abolish slavery; not that Congress
ought to do it; and the question was started then
whether Congress, without a change of the Con-
