sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
-Union-from the first day that treason was spoken
?on the floor of this body. In a slaveholding
Stetfe I took, the ground, when Robert Toombs
first Announced in this body that he was a traitor
.ami ;& rebel to his country, that he should have
been .seized, by the authorities and imprisoned
•until the rebellion was over, if not hung as high
as Hamam >" {Applause in the galleries.] Sir, I
took that position in a State where it was almost
dangerous for a man to take.it; yea, it was dan-
gerous* From that day to this, tlirough good and
.through evil report.,;I have followed, in the wake
- of .more distinguished men, in vindication of the
Constitution and the perpetuity of this glorious
Union of o.urs; and, sir, whatever may be the con-
sequences in the future; whatever may be the
course of this body; whatever may be the dtffer-
-enjco betwepn them and me in regard to policy, I
expect to keep an eye fixed upon the preservation
.of-,our institutions, and I intend to pursue theroa'd
. that looks to the reestablishmentof this Union, if
I know that road. Sir, if I fail to do anything to
restore it back again as we once hod it, it will be
, the fault of the head, not of the heart.
Mr. President, I do not propose that this Con-
,gre(ss shall pay for slaves in Missouri. I do not
.wantyour bill to say, and 1 have purpoiraly pre-
spared it so that it shall not say, that you vote this
"money f$r the purpose of paying for slaves. You
^ave an objection on that score; you do not com-
.mityourseifto that policy. Do as you promised
tO'4o; meet the people; when they have relied
upon your integrity, let not their expectations be
disappointed. Sir, you have promised this by
overwhelming majorities. Turn your back upon
that people in this moment, and, sir, I speak not
of the consequences; I fear them. I do not desire
.that you shall say that you pay for slaves; and
let me tell you that there are hundreds, hundreds
of men in the State of Missouri who, after you
shall have' passed this bill, will never take one
dollar from you; but you will have broken down a
system in the State, which you say is injurious to
uk. [Mr. Fessenden. We have not broken it
down.} It is of as much interest to you as it is to
me to do so; and it is of as much interest to the
United States as to the State of Missouri that it
should now he done; and, sir, if you do not carry
out the policy you have i naugurated, I be! ievo that
you will find the day in this country when slavery
will be as strong as it ever was, if not stronger.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misunder-
stood my side rermuk. He made the remark that
we had broken down the system,
Mr. HENDERSON". No, sir; I said it was to
your interest to break it down; and mine, too.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Tiie Senator is a little
mistaken. lie said " you have broken down the
system.i}
Mr, HENDERSON. 1 did not intend to say bo.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Isayif it has been broken
down, the responsibility for that is not with us,
but with the rebels.
Mr. HENDERSON. I charge not the Gov-
ernment of the United States with breaking it
down. The Senator knows that although I have
alwaysbeen in opposition to the Republican party,
I have never charged them, from the boginningof
this rebellion, with an intention to interfere with
slavery; but, sir, let me advise—no, not advise—
let me kindly suggest to the Senator:from Massa-
chusetts not to include the State of Delaware, not
to include the State of Maryland, or West Vir-
ginia, or any other State, in a proposition of this
kind, until that State sshall ask it at your hands.
It will be time enough to gi\e your money when
they ask it. My State has relied upon the integ-
rity of this body and of the House of Represent-
atives, and, trusiing upon that integrity,they have
thrown themselves into an exciting canvass in
Missouri, and those who favor" this policy have
come out victorious m that canvass, and now they
present the result to you and ask you to make an
appropriation of £>2.5,000,000, and then they say
they will rid the State of this incubus on you as
well as upon us.
Sir, although many of its citizens have gone
into the rebellion, my State b&s never yet flinched
in the discharge of its duty. When the State au-
thorities became corrupt, and when they lost thpir
recollection of patriotism, we drove them from the
Stau,, took possession of the State government,
filled their places with loyal men, and we have
never yet failed in the discharge of our duties.
Sir, under your internal revenue law of last ses-
sion, the city of St. Louis- has sent to your Treas-
ury Department more money than Cincinnati and
Chicago put together. If you will only enable us
now to adopt a system by which we can develop
the great resources of our State, by which we can
break down that sympathy which binds some of
our people to an unholy rebellion against a good
Government, I tell you that in the course of ten
years from now we shall be able to put into your
exchequer money enough to pay it back forty
times over. Now is the moment; now is the ac-
cepted time. If ever you intend to do anything
to carry out your pledges that you are opposed to
the institution of slavery, now is that time. Sir,
if you flinch now, if you flinch at this accepted
time, what confidence will be placed in your as-
sertions hereafter by the people? You said that
this institution was in the way of peace; you said
that it was an incubus on the prosperity of this,
country; you said that the rebellion was a slave-
holders' rebellion; you said that it was necessary
to remove slavery from the country before peace
could be brought back; you made a fair proposi-
tion, an honorable proposition to the States; my
State has accepted it. Now is the time for you
to act and redeem your pledge.
Mr. President, I want to accomplish this pur-
pose. 1 have not disguised it before my people.
I have met every character of opposition in my
State in order to bring it about. I grant the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts that if this
thing shall be done, the State itself will be the re-
cipient of many of its advantages. I grant that it
will spring, as it were, a phcenix from its ashes,
and will rise again to wealth and prosperity that
we can never enjoy under the institution of slavery.
1 admit it all; but as we spring up in gigantic pro-
portions, do we not come up as a member of this
Confederacy?. Do we not bring all our wealth, all
our greatness, all our riches, to the Union of the
States? It is a part of your own heritage; it be-
longs to you as much as to me. You have an
interest in Missouri equally with your own States.
Then, I ask, why can it not be felt by every Sen-
ator on this floor that Missouri is a part and par-
cel of this country, and that whatever results to
the benefit of Missouri will result in an equal ben-
efit to the Union of the States?
Mr. President, let me express one other idea,
and I shall leave this question. If anything is to
be done on this subject, do it well. If anything
is to be done, do it so that we can accomplish the
emancipation of the slaves.
" If it wcie done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well
It vveie donf quickly."
Let it be now done; let it be well done. Sir, if
I had a million of slaves, not one dollar of your
money would I ever touch under any circum-
stances. You blame many of us for being slave-
holders. if we were not slaveholders, we would
have to separate ourselves from an inheritance,
and place that inheritance upon a cotton planta-
tion in the South. Our constitutions are frequently
in the way of emancipation. We cannot eman-
cipate. The man who, in a slaveholding State,
turns loose his slave, makes him a pauper m ninety-
nine cases out of a hundred in the community in
which he lives, and draws upon himself the ill-
will of his neighbors. You dare not do it. That
is the condition of thousands of men who would
otherwise liberate and emancipate if they possi-
bly could. Sir, if this money were received to-
day, by hundreds of the citizens of Missouri it
would be turned over to the negro himself to im-
prove his condition, so that morally and religiously
he might become better than he was, and become
fitted to take his place among men, and improve
his condition even more in the future.
Mr. President, do not misunderstand me. It is
from no avaricious feeling that I desire this sum
increased; for the moment the condition of Mis-
souri becomes such that we can liberate, hun-
dreds and thousands of us will emancipate with-
out taking a dollar of it. But, sir, you see how
we are situated. You have already expended sev-
enty-five or one hundred million dollars in the
State of Missouri m putting down the rebellion;
and, if you do not agree to some such proposition
as this, you may expend a hundred millions more,
and blood will stain every dollarof it; you perhaps
bring back the rebels. You may leave me to be a
refugee from my home, and leave me fearful to re-
main in my own town; you will leave in the same
condition thousands of loyal people whom the'
Government ought to protect. A few million dol-
lars now will protect us for all time to come, will
make us all happy and quiet in one of the greatest
States of the Union; and hereafter, as I have said,
that State will repay it, yea, tenfold.
Let not this opportunity be rejected. Our consti-
tution is in the way. We have now a Legislature
. in favor of it, after trials greater perhaps than any
people ever suffered in order to attain it; and when
this Legislature adjourns, we know not what the
future may bring forth. I do not. I confess to
the Senate that whilst we have a Legislature in
favor of emancipation, I want to strike; 1 want to
do the work; and I can tell my colleague that that
is my object, and he can understand me. I want
the present Legislature to do it. Every man who
wants to make slavery apower in that State, every
man who sympathizes with this rebellion, every
man who from the beginning of this difficulty has
been ready to unfold the confederate flag upon the
soil of my State, is to-day opposed to the present
Legislature acting on this subject. Why? I do
not know what may be the opinions of Senators;
but are they not aware that every man in the
slaveholding States of this Union who sympa-
thizes in the least with rebellion, believes within
his heart that the day is fast approaching when
there will be an everlasting dissolution between
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States of
this Union ? Sir, do you not know that that is the
fight the Union men of these slaveholding States
have to make ? Just at the moment we are fighting
this battle, the question of slavery being at the
bottom of it, a party has risen up in the northern
States which, making this its platform, may soon
shatter down the fabric you have erected. I do
not want that to occur. Whatever the future may
bring, I, for one, am in favor of the Union. I do
not want" to leave New England out in the cold;"
I want to have New England remain as part and
parcel of this great country, as essential to its
unity, to its greatness, and to the happiness of the
people as m y own State of M issouri. I wan t to lock
hands with New England, with the great North-
west, and with New York and Pennsylvania, the
great central States of the Union, and stand firm
for the Constitution and the Union until rebellion
shall exhaust itself, and finally the States return
like the prodigal son after their long wanderings.
Now, sir, somethingmay bedone. I say let it
be done. The State has asked this aid; you have
promised it. Butsuppose you do not give it, and
turn us off; what will be the effect of it? I have
never faltered in my advocacy of this work. You
may defeat this measure, and yet I am for eman-
cipation; but I cannot carry it. I may be de-
feated, overwhelmed, and made an exile from the
State; but, sir, if it is done, rebellion dies instan-
taneously; we are done with this warin'Missouri.
The rebels will then no longer desire to obtain pos-
session of Missouri. There wiil be nothing in com-
mon between them and Missouri. These monthly
inroads into my State, driving loyal men from
their houses and homes, will cease, and cease for-
ever. As 1 have said, you have already expended
perhaps $100,000,000 in my State. Expend the
sum named in this bill for thispurpose, and, in my
honest judgment, your expendituies are over in
Missouri. It is the cheapest, best way to accom-
plish this thing. If you appropriate $10,000,000,
the Legislature will turn itback;they cannoteman-
cipate under the constitution without compensa-
tion; and if you submit it back, with the alleged bad
faith of Congress—do not understand me as charg-
ingit, but it will be charged—and with the powerful
influence brought to bear against me and others, we
might as well yield before the battle commences;
the victory is won over us; we are defeated, pros-
trated, and, as I say, exiled fiom confidence.
I want this work commenced. If you will vote
an appropriation of $20,000,000 for immediate s
emancipation, or $10,000,000 for gradual emanci-
pation, leaving it until 1880 or 1885, we can in-
augurate the work; and if one step is made in
advance, we will never step back. The Senator
from Massachusetts is woefully mistaken when he
seems to think the only way to accomplish it is
to accomplish it in a moment. If we can make
one step in advance, if we can just pass an act
which is constitutional—and I know I can prepare
one that will be—then the work is all over.
Mr. President,! have less prejudice against tha
institution of slavery than the gentlemen around
