1528
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. TRUMBULIju I hope not. Let us go on
with this bill, and sR if we cannot pass it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has already been stated
by the Senator from Kentucky that he will resist
it by all parliamentary expedients.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the Senator from Ohio
disposed to surrender the rights of this Senate and
of this country at the threat of the Senator from
Kentucky ? if the Senator from Kentucky takes
upon himself the responsibility, by dilatory mo-
tions and factious opposition, of preventing the
expression of the sentiment of the Senate, let us
see it done. Let him take the responsibility. 1
object to our laying aside the business of the coun-
try on his mere intimation of what he is going
to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator from
Kentucky says he will oppose the measure at this
time, when lie can very readily do it with perfect
success by speaking an hour and a half, I think
it is obvious that it is idle to go on with the bill.
Now, sir, I desire to pass this little bill to which
there will be no objection. It is a private bill
giving an officer about six hundred dollars to
which he is clearly entitled. I would give way
to the Senator from Illinois, but I know it is
utterly idle for him to attempt to pass that bill
against the opposition of any Senator. What is
the use of our wasting time on it? I insist on my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is just such a fueling as
the Senator from Ohio has exhibited here this
morning that prevents this rebellion from being
crushed. " You cannot do it; somebody says you
shall not do it!" Lot us do our duty, and let the
consequences be on the heads of those who stand
in the way of the public business of the country.
The Senator is for calling up a little piivate ap-
propriation bill for some individual, to appropri-
ate £600 to him, and [tutting it in the way of great
public measures, because- somebody says you aie
not permitted to pas? this important bill. Let us
be sure that we are right, is it proper that the
public business of this country should be done;
and does it become us, charged with doing the
public business of the countiy, to yield it because
somebody says "it shall not be done; I will make
a speech; I will factiously oppo.se u?" Sir, lam
for doing our duty in this regaid, and not for
yielding at any intimations of this kind. Thnt is
the way we have yielded and yielded for the last
two or three yeara to these southern traitois, if
they had been met as they should have been at
the outset, we should now have a dilfeiont state
of things m the countiy. I do not want to give
up at the mere intimation of some Senator here.
We will see whether the public business of the
countiy is to be thwailed by the factious opposi-
tion of a Mingle man. If' so, it will be in the power
of the Senate now or hereafiei—the public exi-
gencies may lequne ii—to adopt in lea that shall
not allow a single Senator to stand heic m defi-
ance of the public will of this nation, and in op-
position to all the States of this Union. Sir, I am
not accustomed to depart fiom the dischaige of
public duty on a tin eat made with a factious pur-
pose. I hope the Senator's motion will nor pre-
vail.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, there may
be mei its in the lull which is sought to be taken
up by the Senator fiom Ohio; I dare say there
aie; but it seems to me that it isdue from the Sen-
ate that they should make some effort to extend
the i ight, the pi ivilc^e of sending Re pi eseniatives
to Congress to those Union people in Tennessee
and Louisiana who arc now without any Ropie-
sentatives m Congiess. I hope we shall make an
attempt to puss some such Saw, to pass this bill
which my hicnd ftom Illinois has sought to take
up; and, tir, i am among the last members of this
body who will think of being cowed in the dis-
chaige of inv duty by a throat fiom the Senator
from Kentucky, or anybody else. It has come,
sir, to a most interesting pass, that the action of
the Senate upon an nnpoi taut bill like this should
be checked m its movements by a simple edort
on the pail of any Senator here to impede it by
parhamentai y strategy, S;<", ;t is our duty to take
up this bill and puss it, it' it be possible; and if
there be any responsibility for our failure in at-
tempting to do this, lot it full upon the shoulders
of those gentlemen who see fit to make a factious
opposition. I will not be cowed by any such
threat, any such menace as this, let the conse-
quences be what thev may.
Mr. SHERMAN.' The difference between the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Mich-
igan and myself is this: I am always disposed to
do what can be done. Now, when we are told
that there is an opposition to this very important
bill, which will resort to all parliamentary expe-
dients to defeat it, I know, and the Senators know,
that that bill cannot pass. Why, then, run your
head against the wall? Why attempt that which
you know you cannot do? Why not do that
which you can do? It is just that thing which
has been carried into our legislation, and we see
in this Hall, and in every legislative body, day
after day, that impracticable men will undertake
that which the.y know they cannot do, and will
not be satisfied with that which they can do.
Now, Mr. President, the little bill that I wish
to take up can be passed. It will do justice to a
brave and heroic soldier, giving him about $600,
which he has fairly earned on the battle-field, and
which by an arbitrary rule he is excluded from
getting now. I propose to give him that. It will
take about two minutes to pass the bill. Nobody
could object to it, and then if the Senator wishes
to try to pass a bill of this magnitude against the
icmonstrance of several Senators, who by simply
talking can defeat it, I will sit by. 1 am in favor
of the bill that the Senator from Illinois desires to
pass; I went to him and spoke to him about it; I
am as much in favor of ii as any man in the Sen-
ate; I think it ought to pass; but do we not know
that against the opposition of any Senatois it is
impossible to pass a bill of that magnitude at this
time ? Why, then, attempt to do that which you
know you cannot do? You ask "are we to bede-
tei red by a threat r" I do not consider ita threat
when a Senator in his place here tells us that he
will do what he has a right to do. That is not a
threat. The Senator from Kentucky has a right
to oppose ihis bill; he has a right to speak against
it, to take parliamentary measures to defeat it if
he chooses. lie tells us he will do it. Is that a
threat? If so, it is a threat we hear repeated
every day. We are not deterred by such threats.
To call it a thieat is idle—merely to create a pre-
judice when there is no occasion for it. It issim-
ply the assertion of a right; and if I was opposed
to any bill at this stage of the session, I should
state distinctly that I was opposed to that bill, anil
that I would defeat it if, in my judgment, it ought
to bo defeated. That is no threat to the Senate,
no threat to anybody, but simply the assertion of
a right, an assertion which a Senator ought to
make if he believes the bill is injuuous and un-
just. 1 do nota-xree with the Senator from Illi-
nois in that particular.
Mr. DAVIS. Mi. President, these gentlemen
[pointing to Mr. Howard and Mi. Trumbull]
have not dealt justly with me in relation to this
matter. The Senator from Illinois got up and
asked me explicitly what couise 1 intended to take
in relation to this bill, and I told him frankly,
without icservo; and my answer to his question
he denounces as atlneat. That is the way it came
up. Well, he may take it in any sense that he
pleases. Sir, 1 know my rights heic. I do not
want to attempt tu tiample oi infringe onthe iights
either of the Senator from Michigan or the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois: but neither (heir manner nor
their language will ever force me from any posi-
tion that the rules of the Senate authorize me to
lake.
The Senator from Illinois asked me what my
meaning was, what I intended to do; and, with
the frankness of my nature, I told him what I did
intend to do. I know no concealments upon any
subject whatever; and because they extorted fiom
me an admission and a statement of the course 1
intended to take in relation to this bill, they get
up and infuriately denounce it as a threat. I
merely, in obedience to their inquiry, was com-
municating to them the line of conduct I intended
to pursue. I intend to puisne that line of con-
duct, because I think 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will state that, in order to
give Senators an opportunity to try and pass this
bill, and in the hope that befoie the session closes
they will allow the piivate bill to whiclrl referred
to be taken up and the report read, I withdraw
my motkfn. Lot Senators proceed with this bill,
hoping, however, that jive or ten minutes before
the session closes, they will allow the report to be
read on the bill I mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
being withdrawn, the bill taken up on motion of
the Senator from Illinois will be read at length.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the bill on the
table; and I ask for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
"WEAS—Messrs. Arnold, fiavard, Cailile, Davis, Latham,
Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, and Turpie—10.
NAYS—Messis. Antlionj, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixou, Doolutle, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Har-
lan. Ilariis, IIiclcs, Howard,Howe,King,Laneoflndiana,
McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten
Evck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wiiinot, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—29.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that this bill be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. POWELL. And I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Arnold, Bayard,Carlile, Davis,Latham,
Powell, Rice, Saulsabuij, and Turpie—9.
NAYS—Mestiri. Anthony, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Oowau, Dixon, Doolitile, Fessenden, Foot, Eiailan, Harris,
Hick*, IJownid, Howe, King. Lane of Indiana, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Sunnier. Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wiiley, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the bill be
postponed until five minutes before twelve, and
I ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays-were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas-6, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mcshs. Bayard. Carhlc, Davis, Jlicks. Latham,
Powell, Itiec, ami Sauif-buiy—8.
NAYS—Messi*. Anthony,Arnold,Chandler,Clark, Col-
lamer,Cowan, Dixon, Doolutle, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes,
Harlan, Hams, Ilowaid, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of K.nwic, MpDougnll. Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Sunnier. Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
i ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk,announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
lutions; which thereupon received the signature
of the Piesident pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 231) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the care and preser-
vation of the works constructed by the united
States for bringing the Potomac water into the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, for the
supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of the inhab-
itants of the said cities;"
A bill (Ii. R. No. 711) to facilitate the collec-
tion of the icvenue in El Paso county, Texas, and
in the Territory of New Mexico;
A bill (II. R. No. 732) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the yeai ending June 30, 1864, and for the year
ending 30th of J une, 18G3, and for other purposes;
A bill ( H. R. No. 770) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest on the public
debt," approved July 1, 18G2, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (EL R. No. 780) to regulate the duties of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives in pre-
paring for the organization of the House;
A joint i (.'solution (H. R. No. 115) authorizing
the Secretaiy of the Navy to adjust the equitable
claims of contractors for naval supplies, and reg-
ulating contracts with the Navy Department; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 15G) to confirm
the adveise decision of the Courtof Claims m the
case uf Edward D. Tippett.
ELECTIONS IN TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
Pv. No. 768) providing for the election of Repre-
sentatives to Congress from the States of Ten-
nessee and Louisiana is now before the Senate
