1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL6BE.
m
me. I do not belief that this is specially a slave-
holders'rebellion, though slavery was the pretext
nnder which it was gotten up. There are hun-
dreds of thousands of loyal slaveholders in the
southern States. They had their prejudices against
the North. I am aware of that. "We nil have our
prejudices; and, unfortunately, we have suffered
those prejudices to become the foundation of par-
ties ill this country, sectional parties; and being
engendered and carried on from year to year, this
institution of slavery being used to fan the flame,
it has gone on until our country is almost entirely
ingulfed.
Sir, if rebel hopes are to be gratified, if this
Union is to be dissolved—and unless you are soon
victorious in the field, it will.be—I do not want
Missouri to go with the southern confederacy. I
would rather sacrifice the value of every slave, the
value of every acre of land, everything that is of
an earthly charactcr upon its soil, than to be
dragged into the hated confederacy of this south-
ern republic. I want nothing to do with it. I
have opposed it from the beginning. They have
carried on the war in a manner not in accordance
with the civilization of the age. It is based upon
falsehood and wrong. It is intended to be admin-
istered m a spirit of aggression and wrong upon its
neighbors, and those neighbors will include our-
selves. After their acknowledgment and recogni-
tion, there is nothing they can do that they will
not do in order to break down our commerce, in
order to harass our people; and in all future time
they will be a dangerous neighborhood upon our
borders. I care not how you make the division
line; we, in Missouri, no matter whether we go
with the South or the North, are upon the bor-
der, and we are subject to all the incursions of a
border war. I do not want a division under any
circumstances. I desire, if I can, to adopt some
couise of policy to bting back those States, to re-
unite us; to have the Mississippi river from the
lakes to the Gulf of Mexico under the same flag,
under the old flag of our fathers, the stars and
stripes, which have given us in past time all the
prosperity and all the happiness we could desire,
and which in the future will do likewise.
But, sir, if that division is forced upon us, I
want nothing to do with that southern republic;
and this is the turning point to-day. Realize it;
feel it; act upon it. Ifyou rejcctthisproposition,
and division comes, I cannot promise what will
be the result in Missouri; and I say so because
I know that slavery has been made the pretext
everywhere; even in your own town in Maine, in
Michigan, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and every-
where else, it is to-day made the pretext for break-
ing down the Administration who has in charge
the conduct of the war, and when that is broken
down, the Government falls with it. That is the
whole of it. Sir, the future is not bright. I do
not like it. A change in the system of affairs,
or a change in the conduct of the war; a change
thrown upon us by kind fortune; achange induced
by something must soon take place, or the Union,
hallowed by all the past, will be gone, and gone
forever. Then-, sir, it becomes a question only
as to what shall be retained in the old Union. I,
for one, whoever goes out of it, desire to cast my
lot with it. I shall never consent to be separated
from it; and if my State should go out, I should
be compelled to leave it, abandoning all behind
me, and seek the flag of ray fathers. [Applause
in the galleiics.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lane, of
Kansas, in the chair.) Order in the gallery.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, 1 ha\>e
said all that I desire to say 011 this question. I
hope that Senators will withdraw their opposi-
tion and let this bill pass. Let it he adopted in
some shape, leaving to the Legislature of my
State—as loydl a body as ever can be convened
upon her soil—to the settlement of the details. Do
nothing yourseles except putting it in her power
to accomplish the work. When that is done, it
is all over; we are safe; I shall breathe much
more freely; and I sluill have hopes for the Union
that 1 did not have before. In my imagination I
shall see the black cloud of war roll back from
my State; I shall see the blood which, for the last
two years, has crimsoned the prairie fields of my
State, dried up; I shall seepcace once more bless
that distracted State. Sir, letthat work be done,
and I sincerely believe that they whoaided in it will
be blessed in all time to como.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri has made a very eloquent ap-
peal to the Senate, and has touched upon a great
many topics that are entirely foreign to the bill
itself, in my judgment. I believe, however, he
has not attempted to answer a single argument
that was adduced to show that the bill of the House
was better than the bill of the Senate. It has been
a mere appeal to the good feeling of the Senate
with reference to the State of Missouri, and agen-
cral course of remark upon the conduct of the war
and the importance of preserving the Union .Well,
sir, we hear that every day, in this Chamber and
out of it. It is very good everywhere; but I do
deprecate it upon a mere matter of business.
There are two points that the Senator dwelt
upon: one was the faith of Congress. As I re-
marked before, that resolution speaks for itself.
It never pledged the faith of Congress. It ex-
pressed the opinion that it was the duty of the
people of the United States to afford aid for this
purpose. That is as far as it went. Can the Sen-
ator make any more of it? He has not attempted
to show that I was not right m that particular.
But, sir, I waived that point, and so did the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It so happens that there
is no Senator who has spoken on this subject to-
day who has not expressed his wish to vote for
a bill to pay whatever might be necessary to ac-
complish this purpose—not one. Whence, then,
comes the necessity for this speech? Whence this
constant reiteration of the faith of Congress, and
an appeal to us to keep our pledge ? The idea the
Senator seems to entertain is, that whether Con-
gress keeps its faith or not depends upon whether
it is satisfied to appropriate the money that his
colleague asked for or to appropriate the money
that lie asks for. That we are ready to appropri-
ate 11 given amount of money to accomplish this
purpose nobody has denied on this floor. That
we are ready to keep any faith that might be even
presumed on the strength of the resolution that
was passed through both Houses of Congress,
nobody on this floor has undertaken to deny. The
simple question is, whether we shall appropriate
ten or twenty million dollars, and, having decided
how much we shall appropriate, whether we shall
insist that it is to accomplish the purpose, or is
merely to be thrown into the ocean without our
knowing whether it accomplishes the purpose or
not. Those are the two questions upon which I
have a perfect right to insist, and upon which it
is tny duty, as a representative of the people, to
insist; that is to say, if we take money out of the
Treasury to accomplish a purpose, that we shall
takeonly so much as is needed; and that we shall
see that there are reasonable safeguards that when
we have taken it from the Treasury it is to be ap-
propiiated to that purpose and not to another. Is
there any breach of faith in that?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied the Sen-
ator did not hear me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I heard every word you
said, and listened most intently.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not finish the sen-
tence. I am satisfied the Senator did not hear me
when I took up this subject a few days ago, and
discussed this whole question in regard to the num-
ber of slaves in Missouri, and the constitutional
restriction on our legislation. I will state to the
Senator that I saw this morning an article in the
St. Louis Democrat admitting that the report of
the auditorofthe State discloses the fact, which it
did not believe before, that there are near one hun-
dred thousand slaves in Missouri. My colleague
went upon the supposition that there were not over
twenty-five or thirty thousand slaves 111 Missouri.
He lives ill the southeast part of the State, where
Jeff. Thompson stole most of the negroes in the
early part of the war. He was not out of south-
east Missouri during the last canvass, and he sup-
posed the loss of property everywhere else was
equal to that in southeast Missouri. He was en-
gaged in the service in the interim, but was not
out of the southeast at all. The auditor's report
recently published, discloses the fact that thirty-
five counties give us thirty-eight, thousand slaves,
valued at $9,000,000; and I will remark that our
valuation is never over one half the real value even
as disclosed by the census of 1860. I have the
auditor's reporton mydesk; but the largest slave-
holding counties of the State are left out. It is
now admitted on all hands that there are not less
than one hundred thousand slaves in the State,
valued at $38,000,000. Our bond&are now selling
at sixty-two cents, I believe; th$y wereseSiingat
about fifty. Under the idea that we are goingto
emancipate, I believe they have risen bivalue. I
hope they will rise more. If they do, I hope that
.we maybe enabled, by the issue ofoCtr own bonds,
to raise the five or ten million dollars that "Will
be necessary to emancipate even under the present
bill. Twenty million dollars will not pay for tbe
slaves in Missouri. The>Legislature, by a two-
third vote of both brandies, have said to ,Coi)gBess
they cannot emancipate for less than $25,000,000.
I ask $20,000,000. Then I expect to provide the
sum that remains in order to emancipate,lry, the
issuing ofourown bonds. * I know that thi&J&Jiot
money enough; it will not pay for emancipation;
but I> have consulted the feeling of Senators, and
I thought they were unwilling to-go beyond
$20,000,000. .
If a majority of the people want to adopt grad-
ual emancipation, several Senators have said to
me, " we will not vote over ten millions of, dol-
lars if you adopt a gradual system;" so I am sat-
isfied that that feeling prevails here extensively
that I cannot get more than that sum for gradual
emancipation. If that system be adopted, I say
that #10,000,000 will not be more than sufficient
to pay one half of the value of the slaves, unless
you extend the time to 1890, or somewhere along
there; because all the living slaves will have to be
paid for before emancipation; and I am sure the
$10,000,000 will not pay for them, even Under any
gradual system of short duration which you may
adopt. 1 sincerely hope, sir, that Senators will
understand my^osition. I know.it is not suffi-
cient to pay for the slaves in Missouri, and I ask
for this sum only as an aid to the State. It is only
an assistance to the State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I was pro-
ceeding to remark upon the speech of the Senator
as he made it; and the objections that I took, very
clearly stated, I believe, oras clearly as I was able
to state them. In the first place, 1 want to have
some assurance that it will effect the purpose; and
I inquired, and I inquire now of the Senator,why
is the phraseology of the bill, as it passed, the
House, changed ? If the Senator can drawa bill
which wjll, if passed by this Legislature within its
constitutional powers, emancipate the slaves, why
object to the phraseology of the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives iw the first place?
Mr. HENDERSON. Right at that point I will
state to the Senator that that alteration was made
on my suggestion. I did not know at the time
whether the Legislature of Missouri would be
willing to accept what you might grant; because
I did not know what you would grant; and the
words of the bill are so framed, that no matter what
you may appropriate, we may avail ourselves of
the benefit of it, and emancipate by the Legisla-
ture, or, if the Legislature cannot pay a full equiv-
alent out of what they may raise themselves,
added to your appropriation, then the idea is to
call a convention immediately. If we cannot do
it by the Legislature 011 your appropriation, we
shall have to trust ourselves to a convention.
There is a convention which was called in the
spring of 1861, now unadjourned, in the State of
Missouri. If the Legislature should pass a joint
resolution requiring or requesting that convention
to meet, the probability is that the convention
would meet, and we might in that convention,
which has supreme control over the matter, adopt
some scheme. We have so framed this propo-
sition, that it may be a law of the Legislature or
an ordinance of the convention, 01 any other pro-
vision we may be enabled to adopt. That is the
only reason for the change. If the Senator de-
sire's to insert in this bill, as reported, that it shall
be " a constitutional act, ordinance, or other pro-
vision," I have no objection whatever to it. But
let me say to the Senator, that if a provision shall
be adopted in Missouri, we will make it consti-
tutional; there will be no question about accom-
plishing it. If the Senator wants to jiecomplish
the purpose, let him vote the appropriation, and
the other will come as a matter of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 am very
glad that the Senator is willing that the law, what-
ever it may be, that is to be passed by the Legis-
lature of Missouri, shall be a law that will, effect
the purpose. If the phraseology of the billshould
j be so amended, that will meet one of my difficul-
! ties and one of my objections; because, as I said
