1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO:
#s in Committee of the \yiiole. The bill has not
yet been read at length.
Mi'. CARLILE. I move to postpone the bill
under consideration and all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up House bill No. 278, for the
relief of Joseph C. G. Kennedy. It is a bill that
lias passed the different Houses of Congress re-
pfatudly, but has failed for want of action in both
Houses at the same session. I ask for the yeas
aud nays on my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the yeas and nays
arfc ordered, I wish to say a word to Senators.
It is manifest that motions arc being made by a
very few Senators here for the purpose of delay,
and the yeas and nays called in advance. I wish
to request of Senators that they will not rise to
give the yeas and nays upon these dilatory mo-
tions. Some Senators who 1 know are opposed
to uniting in this factious opposition are frequent-
ly upon their feet to second calls for the yeas and
nays. Let us see, let the Senate see, let the coun-
try see the half dozen conspirators against the
public business of the country.
Mr. CARLILE, Mr. President, I do not know
nor shall 1 question the right of the Senator from
Illinois to impute tootheis motives of a factious
opposition to a proposition which he is urging
with a pertinacity this morning which I have
never seen equaled. When the Senator feels it
to be his duty to oppose a proposition with as
much earnestness and as much zeal as the Sena-
tor from Illinois feels it to be his duty to advo-
cate the same proposition, I should like to know
whether the one Senator has the right to impute
motives other than those of the highest sense of
duty to the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I resort to no factious mo-
tions and dilatory motions to bring the matter
before the Senate.
Mr, CARLILE. Mr. President, the Senator
has resorted to his pailiamentary right here again
and again, against what has been evidenced as the
determination of those who were just as sincere
and as honest as he is in their opinions, to force
this body and to drive this Senate into the con-
sideration of a measure which they have over and
over again refused to consider. The Senator goes
further: after he asked the question of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, who frankly and honestly
avowed to him not lhat he frit it his dqty to make
a factious opposition to this measure, but that he
felt it to be a duty he owed to his country to use
all the rights which belonged to him as a Senator
on this floor to oppose the measure of the Senator
from Illinois, he persists in imputing motives to
Senators here for their action.
Now, Mr. President, what is the nature of this
bill which the Senator desires us to act upon?
Let the country see, when they hear its nature,
whether it is the interest of the country that it
shall be considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. My point is that the Senator from Vir-
ginia is out of order in discussing what the bill is,
on a motion to take up another bill.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 shall not transgress 
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators are
well aware of the luie of order on that question,
that on a collateral motion the merits of the sub-
ject-matter before the Senate are not open to dis-
cussion. The Chait can lay down no definite and
precise i ule for the government of Senators as to
what is relevant or irrelevant to the question be-
fore the Sen Ue. Every Senator must be governed
by his own judgment and his own sense of pro-
priety and tiie rules of parliamentary law.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I shall not
violate any rule of this body if I know it. I
should like to know by what authority the Sen-
ator from Illinoischaiacterized his colleagues on
this floor who differ with him as conspirators. 1
should, like to know whether such language is in
order in this body. .1 deny that there has been
anything exhibited here authorizing or warrant-
ing any such charge. On the contrary, it may be
that there are gentlemen yet left upon this floor
who desire that the Congress of the United States
shall remain a constitutional and legal body, and
shall not be an organized mob.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia demands the yeas and nays upon
his motion. As many as second the demand will
rise.
The yeas and nays were declared to be ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there was notone
fifth of the Senate up. I counted bu-t six.
Mr. SAULSBURY:. The Chair has decided
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As many as
second- 
Mr. POWELL. I understood the question to
be decided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As many as
second the demand for the yeas and nays will rise.
Eight Senators rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A sufficient
number is up. The yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is very amus-
ing to hear the Senator from Illinois indulge in
such vituperative language as he does. He knows,
and every man knows, that from the year one in
the establishment of parliamentary law, whenever
there is a measure pressed by the majority that
is disagreeable to the minority, the minority avail
themselves of every parliamentary right and ex-
pedient to defeat it. I have no doubt that the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois would entpr just as
readily into such aline of operations as that as any
gentleman whatever. Why, Mr. President, every
man who is a member of a deliberative assembly
combines in such a mode of resistance to defeat
obnoxious measures; and the man is either not
sincere or he is green, indeed, who imputes that
as an extiaordinary offense and as an evidence of
conspiracy. I have had a little experience in re-
gard to parliamentary proceedings; I have seen
these tactics resorted to hundreds of times, and
always when they are deemed at all proper,.by
a minority to defeat a measure which a domina-
ting majority was pressing upon them. I do not
get up to criminate and recriminate on the honor-
able Senator from Illinois or any other gentleman,
but just to state what is the fact, and what is
known by every man of any parliamentary ex-
perience whatever to be the fact, in relation to the
course of minorities in every deliberative assem-
bly to defeat any measure which is offensive to
them.
Mr. HARLAN. I dissent entirely from the
position taken by the Senator from Kentucky and
also the Senator from Virginia. We have no rule
in this body to cut off debate. The reason of this
absence of a rule on that subject is a supposition
on the part of this bodv that every Senator will
interpose only reasonable opposition to the meas-
ures that shall be presented; will resort to the
means that are necessary for a fair expression of
his opinions in opposition to the majority, and
will not resort to parliamentary tactics to prevent
the body from carrying out the will of the ma-
jority. What the Senator from Kentucky has said
as a historic fact may be true, but it is in viola-
tion of the very theory and spn it which has con-
trolled this body from the beginning, and any ex-
ceptions to this statement that may be found in
the history of this body can only be cited as ex-
ceptions to what has been understood to be the
rule that ought to govern members of the Senate
of the United States.
A minority has a right to be heard; a minority
has a right to give a fair expiession to its oppo-
sition to the measures that are introduced by the
majority, and no more. They are not respons-
ible for what the majority may do. They are
only responsible for giving a fair expiession to
their convictions and the reasons for those con-
victions. i know that any one Senator has the
i physical ability to prevent the passage of any
I measure at this stage of the session that may be
! objectionable to him; but it is an appeal made to
j his sense of propriety as a Senator. Thecorrect-
I ness of this view is manifest. If the reverse course
I should be pursued, what would be the result?
The body would be compelled to adopt rules for*
the purpose of cutting off debate; it would be com-
pelled to provide for a previous question, so as to
enable the body to carry out the will of the ma-
jority. This has not been hitherto, because it
has been believed that Senators representing sov-
ereign States of this Union would-have a sufficient
sense of propriety as Senators to allow the major-
ity to carry out its will, after they had had a fair
opportunity of expressing their opposition to the
various measures that might be presented.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this matter of pro-
priety is a matter of taste, aud a matter which
every gentleman must decide for himself. Now,
I admit that never until yesterday evening, in the
course of my legislative larger—it 4ias not
a very long one--rdid J enter into and resort to all
the expedients which parliamentary law would
afford me to defeat any measure; and -Ido it.np^w
because of the extraordinary eonditioa of tfo?
country. In relation to many measure® wluoh
have passed the Senate, and many measures th«£
have been introduced into it without having bee^i
finally acted upon, the highestappreciation of duty
and propriety that I could form would authorize
and require mp to resort to every such expedient
to defeat them. 1 say frankly, without any sort
of reserve, that I have such an utter condemna-
tion and such a deep conviction not only of the
mischievous effects but of the unconstitutionality
of various measures that have passed the present
Congress, that I would glory, I would feel the
devotion of a martyr, if by a resort to any such
means as have now been resorted to I could have
defeated them.
Now, Mr. President, the propriety or impro-
priety of a Senator's course depends upon circum-
stances; it depends upon the condition of things
in which he is acting. When gentlemen get up
here and blazon and flaunt their own patriotism-,
their own sense of propriety, their own sublimity
and elevation abovealine of conduct of this char-
acter, we just take that for what it is worth. We
all know that it is nothing but gammon, and tke
men who vaunt it so would be just as ready, If
not a little more so than the individual who ad-
dresses you on this occasion and those who act
with him, to perform the same part under similar
circumstances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheClerltwill
call the roll on the motion of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. HOWE. If I had any winning ways I
would expend them on my friend fiom Illinois, to
induce him to allow this motion to prevail. The
motion proposes to lay before the Senate forcon-
sideration a bill which haa passed the House of
Representatives, and whicn calls upon Congress
to pay what I believe to be an honest debt of the
GovernmentofthcUnited States—a claim in faver
of the Commissioner of the Census. It has passed
the House of Representatives of this Congress,
and I think U would become us to pass it here: if
it does not pass here to-day, what has been done
is lost. Now, I suggest to the Senator from Illi-
nois that we havegot all the benefit we can expect
to get out of the attempt to pass the bill which he
wishes to get before the Senate. It has been de-
monstrated unmistakably that there are Senators
here who are determined to defeat that bill; there
cannot be any doubt about it. We have got all
the advantage we could have by trying it right
along up to live minutes to twelve'or up to twelve
o'clock. In the first place the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky avows that it is his purpose to defeat the
bill by parliamentary tactics; other Senators who
do not avow it act just ns if they meant it. In-
deed, the Symptoms are just as unmistakable as
they ever were in a case of measles, so that when
we array them next fall before the country for this
factious attempt to defeat honest, just, and very
necessary legislation 
Mr. BAYARD. I mustcall the honorable Sen-
ator to order. I cannot hear him. He is not ad-
dressing the Chair. His back is turned to the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin must address the Chair, accord-
ing to the requirement of the rules.
Mr. HOWE. 1 beg pardon: I was not address-
ing the Senator from Delaware at all. I was say-
ing (and I have no doubt it will convert the Sen-
ator fiom Delaware if J can make him hear it)
that it will not be possible for them to deny the
guilt which is imputed to them by the Senator
from Illinois; and i propose next fall to go down
to Kentucky and stump the State against my friend
there, and I do not think he can ever be elected
again. [Laughter.] Now, then, having proved this
against them, why not let them go,and save a half
hour's time here to the country? We have got
them tight; let us do what we can for necessary
legislation. The Senatorfrom Illinois started out
with a sort of philosophy that I always admired
but never could practice upon, some such philos-
ophy as that which animated the eolored preacher
who announced that if God commanded him to
jump through a stone wall, it was his duty to
jump at it;, that was his business; it was Ijrod's
