THE GO Mr RESSIO N" AL GLOBE.
January 29.
3&efope,#oamount of eloquence willp^pvaaU upon
Mte<to abandon the main poiiH;a«d that is, to-soe
the object, is to he accomplished.
Mr. HENDERSON. There was-no eloefcience.
Mr, FESSENDEN. My friend was veryelo-
^went, and i-f 4 were not of rather a hard nature,
<md steeled against the effect of sweet sounds, per-
haps would have carried my vote by the speech
he made. But in these F atcers-oftegisfauon,and
especially in these times, when we are obliged to
-co^nt every dollar that we take out of the Treas-
ury, if we-are to ta&e it by millions it-is worth while
to wait and see whether we are to do any good
with it after we have made the appropriation; and
it was with reference to that that J raised the point
I stated. Then what objection has->the Senator
to the other provision in the House bill hrlTiung
it to a certain description of people? 1 do not
know whether that is in the amendment or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the amendment covers
-the same ground, it is sufficient. Whether it does
or not, % do not know.
But, sir, one of my difficulties on -this subject
has been this: I do not believe that when we agree
to aid the State of Missouri to emancipate her
stave population, we agree, or that£ood faith re-
quires &s, to legislate and appropriate whatever
amouftt Missouri fixes as theamountof thataid.
There is no such thing to be inferred from the
proposition ilself.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Legislature has
asked for more than the sum named here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know the Legislature
have asked for more. I will ntft say that it was
not proper for the Legislature of Missouri to say
how much they would emancipate for; but I will
say it is not conclusive to my own mind. I take
no exception to it; but it is "very natural that the
people of IVIissouri, at the present time, should
desire to get as much as they can, in order to ac-
complish this puipose. We have no contiol of
the amount of money after it is oncc fixed. My
difficulty is that We are called to act somewhat in
the dark on the subject.
The Senator says there are one hundred thou-
sand slaves in Missouri. How many of them
belong to rebels, to men who have taken part in
this rebellion? He oannot tell. How many of
them are old men, or old women, or children?
Can the Senator tell me? He cannot even tell
that. There is this gross number in the State of
Missouri, in his judgment, and 1 dare say his judg-
ment may be correct; yet we are deprived of all
knowledge as to how much they may be worth on
tin average; and we have no knowledge how many
of them may be owned by rebels and liable to con-
fiscation; and y«-t we are called upon to appro-
priate a gross sum of money. If you allow all
the people who come into the State hereafter and
bring their slaves with them to claim compensa-
tion for them, if they are not rebels, up to the
time when emancipation takes place, and we leave
it to be decided by a commission, do we not know,
has it not always been the case since the world
began, that when money is appropriated the whole
amount appropriated is always taken up ? When
an amount is appropriated, there is an end of it;
it goes out of the Treasury.
Then it is not for me to say whether the Legis-
lature of Missouri ought to have what they ask
for; whether the Senator from Missouri ought to
have what he asks for or not. My opinion was
predicated upon the action of the House, and upon
the action of his own colleague with reference to
it; and I could not see why we should vary from
that because the Legislature had chosen to ask for
more.
\ will say, in all good faith, that I am anxious
to accomplish this purpose. I am anxious to do
everything I can to bring about a result so desira-
ble within my power to legislate under the Con-
stitution, and with proper reference to the finances
and the situation and the policy of the country. 1
think the people of the State of Missouri ought
to do something towards this thing. We ought
not to be called upon to do the whole; but we do
not know, when we appropriate this amount of
money, whether we are doing the whole or not.
We have the judgment of my friend on the sub-
ject; and his judgment is unusually good on most
subjects; but it is quite natural, in reference to this
particular subject, that^iis opinions may be col-
ored by the opinions of the Legislature he repre-
sents here, and which has done itself great honor
by electing him a member of this body. They
have decided so well in one case that their opin-
ion would be very likely to have a great deal of
weight in other things; but in these money mat-
ters, I apprehend, their judgment can hardly be
so good as it was in the case of the election of the
honorable Senator, i think we must settle this
matter for ourselves, without reference to the
strong opinion and the strong feeling of my friend
from Missouri.
-Mr. TRUMBULL. I was in hopes that some
member of the Judiciary Committee who con-
curred in the report which was made by the Com-
mittee, in all its features, would have replied to
the assaults of the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Maine upon the substitute.
I concurred in reporting it to the Senate, and re-
ported it as the organ of that committee, although
some features of it did not meet my views as an
individual member of the committee. I was not
in ftivor of increasing the amount to $20,000,000;
but a majority of the commiuee were, because they
believed that a less sum would not accomplish the
object. That was the ground upon which they
ected. The Senator from Maine seems to assume
that because a bill has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives appropriating the sum of #10,000,000,
that was enough, and that we were urging upon
Missouri more than was necessary to accomplish
the object. The object is a great one—so great
that I, for one, would not stand about a few mil-
lion dollars one way o"r the other, if it could be
accomplished. I consider that this Government
is committed t© the policy. 1 do not concur in
what the Senator from Maine has said as fo our
not having pledged our faith to the State of Mis-
souri in this particular. I say we have done it in
the most solemn manner in which it was possible
for us to do it. Thelanguage of the resolution is
not " the peopleof the United States;" but the lan-
guage of the resolution is:
"That the United States ought to coiiperate with any
State which may adopt the gradual abolishment of slavery,
giving to s-ucli pecuniary aid to bo used by puch State
in Us discretion to compensate for tlie inconvenience, public
and puvate, produced by such change of system."
Now, sir, what is the United States? How is
it represented ? How is aid to be given except
through the Congress of the United States ? How
does the United States speak except through the
Government as organized by the Constitution of
the United States ? Why, sir, it is just as oblig-
atory upon the Congress of the United Status to
give this aid as if the resolution had said, " the
United States through the Congress of the United
States ought to cooperate." Is there any other
possible mode under the sun by which the United
States can cooperate in furnishing pecuniary aid
except through Congress?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will tell you. If Con-
gress has noL the constitutional power, the people
of the United States or the United States may
change it and give them the power. I wish to Say
with reference to that matter that at the time we
were acting upon the bill abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia, i think it was, I presented
that very morning some resolutions from the State
of Maine upon that subject, and upon the subject
on which we arc now speaking. 1 stated at'the
timethatthe resolution was very carefully worded.
It did not say that Congress ought to do it; it
said that the United States ought to do it; and I
remarked then that if Congress had not the power,
the people could give them the powei; and in that
view I was willing to act under that resolution and
pass it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maine may have made, and very likely
did make, the statement which he has repeated to
j the Senate. That does not alter the language of
the resolution. The law must speak for itself.
It will not do to say that when the United States,
speaking through its constituted authorities, says
that the United States means to do and ought to
do a particular thing, it simply meant that when
the United States Government was remodeled and
a new Constitution adopted, and a new form of
Government established, that then it ought to do
it. Sir. it would not be the United States. The
term 44 United States," as used here, means the
United States as organized under the Constitution
of the United States as it exists; and wh.en we
say that the United States ought to do a thing, we
mean the United States now existing, and noi
some United States that shall be heieafter formed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatis the Senator's idea;
not mine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my idea. His
idea is that it means some other United States, I
suppose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, it means that the
Constitution must be changed before you can do
that which the United States has said you, as the
Constitution now exists, ou'ght to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me follow this thing
up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me. He has a mode in arguing here—I do not
know where he got it, but it is invariable with
him—of taking his own notions and putting them
into the mouths of other people, and swearing
they said them. Now, I said no such thing. I
repeat what I said then. The United States need
not be changed and admit new members or turn
out old ones in order to do this thing. I said
nothing of that sort,and intimated nothing of that
sort. I Said precisely, or repeated precisely, what
I said before; and that was, that that resolution
did not necessarily imply that Congress ought to
do it; because itdtd not say Congress;" itsaid
" the United States;" and if Congress had not the
power the United States could give them the
power; because they could amend the Constitu-
tion. That is what I said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
say it did necessarily imply that Congress would
do it, and nobody else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is your say-so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my opinion of it,
and the repetition by the Senator from Maine of
what his opinion was seveial years ago will not
alter it. Sir, the United States cannot change the
Constitution. That is done through the people;
and, according to my understanding of it, this is
a pledge on the part of Congress that it will j^rant
this aid; because by the Constitution there is no
other possible mode by which the United States
can furnish pecuniary aid for any object except
in pursuance of appropriations made by law, and
that law must be passed by the Congress of the
Untied States. So much, then,for the assumption,
as I think it is, that there has been no promise
made to the people of the State of Missouri that
pecuniary aid should be furnished them.
But, sir, let us look a little further at (his con-
struction. The Senator from Maine s^ys he did
not mean to promise that there was constitutional
authority to give this aid, but all he meant was
that the United States ought to do it, and that the
Constitution might be changed for that purpose if
it was necessary. Sir, how can you change it?
What is the mode provided for changing the Con-
stitution of the United States? is there any mode
provided by which, during this rebellion, it may
be changed? Has the United States any author-
ity in enough of the States of this Union to obtain
the expression of their opinion as to whether they
would consent to a change or not? Did the Sen-
ator fiom Maine mean to say by this resolution
to the people of the border States,4< Congress
ought to furnish you pecuniary aid, but there is
no power under the Constitution to do it,and we
will never do it until the Constitution is changed ?"
Why, sir, that is not the way this resolution reads,
nor is it the legitimate and pioper meaning of the
resolution.
Then I repeat that in my judgment there is an
obligation upon Congress to stand by the pledge it
hasgiven; and further, I believe it to be politic. I
regard itas of the highest importance, as has been
eloquently said by the Senator from Missouri,
that we should now take the steps to make Mis-
souri a free State. What he has said as to the
greatness of that State is not exaggerated. Itlie.'J
in the heart of the continent. It is m the way of
the gieat route that shall cross the continent. It
lies chiefly between the free States of Illinois and
Kansas, running up into the free States. It is
important in every aspect that we should have
Missouri as a free State, whether the Union is to
be restored, or whether it is to be dissolved «nd
divided; in any event I say it is important.
Sir, in order to retain Missouri in the Union,
