1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
business to take him through. The Senator from
Illinois seems to think that we are so commanded
to attempt this legislation, that we must make a
drive at it: whether we get through or not is a
matter that God must take care of; we cannot,
according to the Senator from Kentucky. I never
could act upon it. I like the pluck, but it is a
little faster than my game. I really wish the Sen-
ator from Illinois could think as I do about the
necessity of giving this half hour to the country,
and be content with the great point we have al-
ready made on our friends in the Opposition.
THANKS TO TIIE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. COWAN. I move to suspend all prior
orders, and offer the following resolution, ana ask
for its immediate passage 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A similar mo-
tion is already pending. By unanimous consent,
however, the resolution will be entertained.
Mr. COWAN. I ask for that consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read for information.
Mr. BAYAR.D. It may be read informally,
but I cannot4consent to its introduction without
knowing what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the tlmnks of the Senate arc liereby tend-
ered to the Piesidentof the body for the eminent ability
and impartiality with which he lias presided over its delib-
erations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Secretary will
,mt the question upon that resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to make
to that.
The Secretary put the question,.and the rcso-
ution was adopted unanimously.
BILLS B13COMI3 LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following^ills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 5231) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An art to provide for the care and preser-
vation of the works constructed by the United
States for bringing the Potomac water into the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, for the
supply of said water for nil governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of the inhab-
itants of the said cities;"
A bill (S. No. 355) for increasing the revenue
by reservation and sale of town sites on public
hinds;
A bill (S. No. 545) to amend an act entitled
"An art to further promote the efficiency of the
Navy," approved December 21, 1861, and for.
other purpose#;
A bill (S. No. 554) (o carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the repub-
lic of Peru, signed at Lima on the 12th of Jan-
uary, 1863, fur the settlement of claims;
A bill (S No. 555) to incoipoiate the PSatioiml
Academy of Sciences;
A bill (S. No. 577) further to regulate proceed-
ings in prize coses, and to amend various acts of
Congress in relation thereto;
A joint lesohnion (S. No. 323) to expedite the
printing of the President's message and accom-
panying documents;
A joint lesolution (S. No. 130) to compensate
the new of the United States steamer Monitor
for clothing and other property lost in the public
service; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 137) in relation to
propeity devised to the peopleofthe United States
by Captain Uimh P. Levy, deceased.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethkriuge, its Clerk, announced that the
President of the United States had this day no-
tified the House that he had approved and signed
the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (PI. It. No. 553) to equalize and estab-
lish the compensation of the collectors of the cus- [
toms on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontier??, and for other purposes;
A bill (PL It. No. 5!)9) relating to the validity
of deeds of public squares and lots in the city of
Washington;
A bill (II. It. No. 615) to protect the liens upon
vessels in certain cases, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 678) to enable the district
courtsof (he United Slates to issue executions and
other final piocess in certain cases;
A bill (PI. It. No. 711) to facilitate the collection
of the revenue in El Paso county, Texas, and in
the Territory of New Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 725) *to grant a pension of
eight dollars per month during her widowhood to
Elizabeth Housener:
A bill (PI. R. No. 732) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1864, and for the year
ending 30th of June, 1863, and forotherpurposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 73d) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Idaho;
A bill (H. R. No. 753) for the relief of certain
persons who have performed the duties of assist-
ant surgeons in regiments of cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 770) to amend an act entitled
11 An act to provide internal revenue to support the
Governmentand pay interest on the public debt,"
approved July 1, 1862, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 780) to regulate the duties of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives in pre-
paring for the organization of the House;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 115) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to adjust the equitable
claims of contractors for supplies, and regulating
contracts with the Navy Department;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 143) authorizing
the appointment of a commission to revise and
codify the naval laws of the United States;
A joint resolution (PI. R. No. 145) fixing the
pay of the commandantof the navy-yard at Mare
island, California;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 152) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
ca«e of R. R. Ward and others, assignees of Ja-
cob Barker; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 155) respecting
the compensation of the judges, (fee., under the
treaty with Great Britain, and other persons em-
ployed in the suppression of the slave trade.
TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up a report from the Committee
on Contingent Expenses, and have it disposed of,
which requites but a single vote, about which
thete is no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
pending is on the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia to postpone the bill for the election of
Representatives in Tennessee and Louisiana, and
all other prior oiders, for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill indicated by
him. No other motion can be entertained except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent.
Several Senators objected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from Il-
linois will allow the bill of which he has charge
to be laid aside informally, and take up the bill
which thcSenatoi from Virginia has proposed to
take up in perfect good faith,as I understand, and
which I think ought to pass. Then, if it is laid
aside informally, we can withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These winning appeals
have very great effect upon me, and espeeially the
winning planner in which my friend from Wis-
consin presents the case. As he assumed to put
on his most winning ways when he approached
me, I confess it is with the greatest difficulty that
f am able to summon sufficient resolution to re-
sist, and espccialiy when he tells us that he makes
this winning appeal in his blandest manner not
for himself, but for the country, to do the busi-
ness of the country; and he wants to take up a
bill, doubtless very meritorious and very just, that
affects some private individual. Now, sir, that is
certainly a very strong appeal. When hundreds
of thousands of individuals in this laud are suffer-
ing and dying, and we arc in the midst of a civil
war, and when measures of gieat public import-
ance, believed by many to be vital to the Govern-
ment, are at stake, a winning appeal is made by
my friend from Wisconsin to lay aside such meas-
ures, and appropriate a few dollars to some indi-
vidual who has doubtless a very meritorious claim,
and that appeal, too, is made in the name of the
country. Sir, I should have given way if I had
not had some friends around me here, some Sen-
ators of harder heaits than I have, who said to I
me,"no,do notdoit." I am very much indebted
to some of my friends for my firmness on this oc-
casion that I believe will enable me to resist even i
the persuasive, eloquent, and winning appeal of
my friend from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I have always been a little afraid
that my friend from Illinois would be ruined by
his associations. [Laughter.] I had hoped other
things. *
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the motion
pendwjgis the motion of the honorable Senator
from Virginia to postpone all prior orders for the "
purpose of taking up the bill designated by him.
In the remarks upon that motion, it has pleased
the honorable Senator from Illinois to arraign all
the Opposition member? of this Chamber as guilty
of a conspiracy for the purpose of defeating this
bill. Mr. President, if there is any conspiracy in
this case, it is in the bill itself. It is a conspiracy
on the part of a party now holding power m botn
branches of the Legislature to prevent the people
of the country from rebuking their course of ac-
tion and their general policy. We have the right,
by every parliamentary mode, to seek to defeata
bill which utterly subverts the institutions of the
country; we have a right to give the preference to
any other measure, be it a private bill or a public
bill; and as to this charge of conspiracy, the people
will judge of that, sir—the people of the northern
States—the people who been passing verdict upon
verdict against the policy of the Senator and his
party; and it is to reverse that verdict that the in-
tent of this bill is to have a nominal election in
twoofthe revolted States, agreat portion of which
are not under the possession and within the con-
trol of the United States authorities. Where, then,
is the conspiracy? To pervert the representative
system of the country, to entirely destroy the very
basis upon which your Government is founded,
to subvert your institutions; and yet with a bill
intended for such purposes, or which can effect
only such purposes, the honorable Senator from
Illinois supposes that the people of this country
will believe that there is a conspiracy on the part
of those who are opposed to such a measure!
Mr. President, I am willing to assume my por-
tion of the guilt which the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin supposes to attach to those who are
opposed to the bill. He thinks it has been dem-
onstrated to the country. Yes, sir, guilt has been
demonstrated. I am perfectly willing to rely upon
the sentiment of thecountrywhere the guilt is, or
where it rests.
Mr. President, I rarely enter into discussions
of this kind. I do not think since I have been a
member of this body 1 have ever made an impu-
tation upon the motives of an individual meui, or
scarcely ever characterized the motives of a party.
I have endeavored to show, when I believed their
measures would be destructive, why it must ne-
cessarily he so, and I have opposed them; but I
have avoided the species of discussion which rests
in imputation of motive. But, sir, though I avoid
that, 1 shall not pass unnoticed m this body any
imputation either upon myself or the party with
whom I am acting; and when gentlemen speak of
a conspiracy, a conspiracy to pi event the passage
of a bill, my answer is, that the bill is a conspi-
racy to subvert the institutions of the country.
We have the recorded judgment of the people in
the late elections against the policy of the Senator
and his party; and the solo object of the bill, the
sole purpose it can effect, is to throw into the next
House of Representatives a spurious majority
which shall represent, not the people of the Slates
of Tennessee and Louisiana, but simply the will
of the Executive head ofth is Government. Against
such a bill I am utterly opposed.
Mr.DOOLlTTLE, (at half past eleven o'clock.)
Mr. President, the last hour of the session is pass-
ing away. There can be no more practical legis-
lation. 1 would not spend this last hour in crim-
ination and recrimination. Rather let us for a -
single moment look back on the session about to
close, the most laborious, the most momentous,
in our whole history.
Sir, the Congress which is now expiring will
live forever in that history. It has passed more
laws, it has passed more important measures than
any other since the Government began—import-
ation every pointof view for their magnitude, and
for the great principles which are involved in those
measures. Look at the financial measures brought
forward and passed, involving more than a thou-
sand million dollars; at the great currency meas-
ure which has passed at this session of Congress,
which is to give us a national currency, based not
