THE OFFICIAL"PROCEEDINGSOF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES. "YvASHINGTON,
Tm rty-Sf.ykmtii Congress, 3d Skssiost.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 31, 18.63.
NEW SEmEs:....jNTo.
hundreds and thousands, and tens of thousands
of ULnoisians have gone to that State within the
last eighteen months. They havt! undergone all
the hardships of the campaign. Hundreds of them
have sickened and died; hundreds of others have
been slain in battletand thousands ol others have
come home with impaired health,and crippled by
wounds, to drag out an existence of sulleiing till
deati) shall rclkve them. It has cost ua much
blood, many valuable lives, and millions wt money
to i etain Missouri, thus far; and I believe it would
be the most economical appropriation of money
we could make, if we can induce the Legislature
of Missouri, now)n the hands ofemancipationists;
now in the hands of men devoted to the Union;
now in the hands of men who want to make Mis-
soui i once and forever a free State, to do so now,
and it is impoitant that we should aid ihem to
do it.
An objection is made to this bill that tho eman-
cipation is not imimdiate, and the Senator from
Massachusetts tells us that he is not goingtopay
money to aid to lioid slaves thirteen year's. Nor
is anybody else.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am not
goin°' to pa v ^0,000,000 for that.
Mr. TUCM BULL. lie is not going to pay
$20,000,000 to aid to hold slaves thirteen yeais.
Nor will I pay $20,000,000 or twenty cents to aid
to hold slaves foi thiru tn years. Let me ask, is
that a fair *M:<-uient of this bill? Tim bill pro-
poses that slavey shall cease once and forever
after thn teen yiais. 1 hat is tho object ot it. I he
object of it is to insure freedom, and not perpetuate
slavery. I would be glad if the shackles could
fail from evei y s'ave, not only in Missouri but
throughout the Umttd States "and the woild, to-
day; but, sir, I cannot accomplish it. If too evi-
dence is such that if we f"ar our emancipation
friends in Mi^ouu may not be aide to carry
through immediate emancipation, shall^we say
wc will not help them to make Missouri tr< e even
at tin* distance uf tlm teen yeais : \v iiat is that in
the life of the naiion' I trust that they will be
able to adopt a la w by which slavery shall ne abol-
ished at once; but suojmscifH'y aiv not stiong
enough to do that. Very h w of the States of tuts
Union have ever abolished slavery immediately.
Emancipation has been gradual in almost all in-
stances; and I am not prepare d to say that because
we cannot have imnediate emancipation, there-
fore we will do nothing lor gradual emancipation.
I would ineu-a^e the inducement, and so does this
bill, for immediate emancipation. We propose to
pay the money at once in ease immediate eman-
cipation is adopted, and to pay it m installments
if the gradual svstem should be established until
the emancipation is complete.
But.agam, an objection is made to the Senate's
substitute because it piovid<s payment for the
slaves (if disloyalists, if I understand the Sena'or
from Massachusetts, i am for b 1 ot ting on t sla \ ery
entirely in Missouri. I should like to know if he |
is not for that? The House bill does lint propose !
to do it. The House bill proposes to ire,e .the |
slaves of b.yal men. What me vcu going to do j
with the slaves ol dish>val men.' I hey are to |
hold them I suppose. The substitute we have pro- j
posed proposes to fiec all slaves in Mi-*soiui. j
Evety une that is entitled to his freedom by \ ir- |
tue of the confiscation act shall have if under the ,
act, without compensation; and every slave who 1
is not confiseatt d under that act shall be made free
under the piovi<-'ions of this. We are to have en- 'i
tire freedom. The House bill proposes to free the 1
slaves of loyal men, and let the disloyal om s hold
their slaves'; and tin.-? is made an objection to the :i
substitute recommended by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate!
Again, the Senator from Maine has great diffi- J
cultVj and wants to know why the word u con- .j
stitutional" is left out in that portion of the bill j
whieh piovides that satisfactory evidence shall be p
funiished to the Prsident that a jaw has been
passed f r emau'loation—why we have not m- i,
sei-ted the words in the Llouse bill which declares |j
that it must be an act of the Legislature im peal-
38
able, unless by the consent of the United Su>ies,
and a good, valid, and constitutional act of eman-
cipation? Why, sir, need the Senator from Maine
be told that the State of Missouri cannot pass an
irrepealdble act? She may violate her faith. All
you can have from any nation is its plighted faith.
Will the fact that you put it into a treaty or into
a law that that law shall never be repealed, or that
treaty shall never be abrogated—will that make if
perpetual whenever a nation shall be base enough
to violate its treaty obligations? You can have
nothing1 but the phghtedfaith of the nation; and
nations have, ftom the beginning of time, violated
their treaties, and wars have grown out of the
violations of tieaties.
Now, sir, the proposition recommended by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate provides that
the United Stat< s of A meriea and the State of Mis-
souri shall severally plight their faith to each other
that tins law shall remain and that slavery never
shall exist in Missouri. Can you make it any
etrongu*? Will your declaring that it shall be ir-
rcpealable make itany stronger? Will your dec-
laration that it shall be a constitutional act make
it any stronger ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A good deal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, sir, can you not
change a constitutional act n> Missouri. It is hut
little more difficult in most of the States to change
the fundamental law than an act of the Legisla-
ture. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow j
me, the dtir*Tence is this: not that a constitutional j
act cannot be repealed; but an act which is not ,
constitutional does not fiee a slave: an act that is i
is constitutional does fice them. Theie is the dif- j
ference. i
Mi. TRUMBULL. Let us test that statement !
by the provisions of the bill. It reads thus: :
That whenever v; uvfartnry evidence ••liail l>o presented j
to the Pier-uiout of the Tinted State* ihat ihe Stateol .Mis j
(sour:- luw nd'tpted a law. oidniance. ot othei pjoviMon tor !
the giadual oi immediate emancipation of all the >-la\'e- i
therein, u:al tiie, xela-iioii of-lav."i_y lorevvi thereafter liom j
<-aid State, ii shall lie hi*. dut\ to piep.uc and deli vet to the ;
Goveruoi of <iud State, ixe |
In auoth' i provision of the bill—and it is all to ,
be taken together—u is provided: {
Thru upon the « o'lctmcnt of a law by said State r"feirin<? |
to tins ;vi accepLtnii IN piovi>ion-. ;uid adopting Jaws lor
the ultimate extinction ol ^laveiy therein, tlm i.titii ot the
United >i UOh and ol the .-.aul Stat<' wilt be pU-d.'edto .-any
out the tfjun^ of the compact thu< cteated.
Now, sii, <lo< s tile Senatoi 11om Maine suppose,
or is it a fair mode of argument to insist here-m
the Senate, that the President of the Untied States
would be satisfied with a i<>w that was no law at
all? Need the Senator ftom Maine be toid, as a
lawyer, that an act of a Legislatuie of n State
whi«h is in defiance of us constitution is of no
binding foircr Does the S<m uor from Maine
suppose that the President of the United Slates j
wot.id be satisfied with the evidence presented to
him, when the law was an uncomtitutional law?
Is u necessary to put in the words ? If this money
was to he paid win n satisfactory > vid<*uc<; was
offered to tho Senator from Maine that Missouri
bad passed an act of emancipation, would he de-
sun u to be paid when a law was brought lo him
which was unconstitutional, and would it alter his
I decision one iota whether the woid " constitu-
j tional" was put in or not? I have no objection
l to the insejtion of the word " constitutional." 1
j v/ould not quibble about words one way or the
; other. I am entirely willing it shall go in; but it
; looks to me very much like fault-finding to make
' two or three speeches in the Senate about the in-
i sertion or omission of a woid whuh would not
! alter the h-gul e/Fect of the act at all, as it seems to
| me; and if it does alter it. [ .do not suppose any-
1 body would object to us insertion.
'j Now, sir, thar the bill as reported here is the
!j best hiii, I do not know. If it is necessary to give
the $20,000,00-J to hccomphsh the object, then I
' am for it. If it i*. n"ci ss:u y to give thirteen years
'' to enable Mi^^oun to set nd of slsiveiv, then 1
am for that. If you wiil satisfy me that you can
abolish it to-morrow with §10,000,000, of course,
I prefer that; and I was not in favor of raising the
sum to §20,000,000. I have sought to,avail
self of all the information I could obtain on Ojif '
subject. I have received letters on the subjec^ s
from members of the Legislature at Jeffer.soij.
City. I received a letter this morning from an inj 
telligent gentleman of Jefferson City, not ^ meQi|-
bcr of the Legislature, on this very subject. AJ ,
though the information I have obtained isdifferehjt
from that communicated to the Senate by the Sehf
ator from Missouri, still t have some confidence
in what my correspondents have written to me; and
they think it can be accomplished with J10,000,00ft.
One of my correspondents says slaves are noi
worth $33Unpieoein the State of Missouri, Whilf
1 should vote for §20,000,000 if satisfied that ihaj
sum was necessaiy, I should be ve y glad to ac-
complish it with $10,000,000; and I am not par-
ticular under what lull you accomplish it. I should
be ghul if we could get along with a smaller SUtn;
[ should be glad if it could be accomplished with-
out any money. When Senators ask why we
changed the House hill, I tell them a majorityof
the committee changed it, because they believed
the House bill would be ineffectual. They may
have been mistaken. A majority of the Senate
may think that the House bill will be effectual;
and God knows I should be as much for it as any
man, if it wdl accomplish the purpose so far aa
the Nitm is concerned.
Mr. FES3ENDEN\ The Senatoraskod mc a
question, but I thought I would not interrupt him
to diiswri it. The language of the substitute is,
that the bonds shall be delivered if the Legislature
shall pass a law emancipating the slaves. Now,
sir, if thataloue should go to the President, would
he be und' i any obligation to consult the consti-
tution of the State of Missouri to inquire whether
they had i he power to pass that law ; or would he
be obliged to pay the money over upon the pas-
sage of the law itself, because the Senate and
House of Representatives had provided specifi-
cally upon what contingency it should be paid
over—upon the passage of a law to that efiect?
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Maine
allow me to put to him an inquiry?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose such a law was
valid under the constitution of the State of Mis*
souri; in other words, suppose there was no }]ro-
hibstiou in the constitution of Missouri against
their Legislature emancipating slaves, and the Le-
gislature should see fit to emancipate the slaves,
and should adopt this bill whieh we are now dis-
cussing, I ask the Senator from Maine tins ques-
tion: whether the passage of such a law by Mis-
souri, after the passage of this bill, would not
constitute an irrepealable compact between the
United States and the State of Missouri, which
could never he interfered with by one party or
the other without mutual consent? in other words,
whether such a compact would not be in law,
under the Constitution uf the United States, bin
nig and valid for all time to come?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but the Sel -
ator has gone off at a tangent, just as tho Senato/
from Illinois did, and taken me up upon a point
that I never made, and that nobody else made. I
have said nothing about the irrepealable part of
it; I have not alluded to it; I care nothing about
it. I have the same opinion the Senator has on
that subject. It. is a style of argument which i 
common with the Senator from Illinois, to take
up something that nobody ever said and make n
speech about it,and make it with gieat violence,
and that is precisely the case here. I said nothing
about the it repealable part of it. The Senator?!
may settle that between themselves; theymay^go
into consultation and make it as they like. ^lhc
point I take is, that the language of this provision
is simply that if the Legislature passes a law, the
money shall be paid over without requiring that
the law shall be a valid law, and one that effect*
its purpose. The Senator says that the President
must m-cessarily go into an examination of the
question whether that law is constitutional or n<">t,
and inquire whether on the whole, looking at tho
constitution and the opinion of his Attorney Gttti
