THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
mine, (he more they will think that it is not judi-
cious to fix the precise sum in dollars for which
they w H vott, and say that is the Inst.
Slavery in Missouri and slaves in Missouri stand
oH different grounds from w hat they did in t his Dis-
trict, and from what they do in the State of Mary-
land. The State of Missouri is a young, growing
State, and its resources are just being developed.
The slaves within the State have been taken there
fromotherSta tes,and generally area younger, har-
dier, more vigorous race than inhabited this Dis-
trict; I mean oftho slave population. This District,
depleted as it had been for years by the sale of
able-bodied working slaves south, of course had a
large mass of old, decrepit, worn-out slaves; and,
for the same reason, a number larger than the usual
average of young blacks, unable to work; the ex-
tremes of life, and comparatively of little value.
Hut the State of Missouri is made up of a slave pop-
ulation of a very different character, vastly more
valuable because more efficient as field hands, not
having by any means the same rate per cent, of old,
decrepit, worn-out blacks, and those too young to
work, as the District of Columbia, and as some
parts of the State of Maryland and some parts of
the State of Virginia, where slaves have been sold
for a long course of years to go south. Of course
valuable and not worthless slaves find their way
to market.
This is a consideration which ought not to be
lostsightofwhen we are looking at this as a ques-
tion of property; and however much we may deny
that there can be property in man, however much
we, ifSenators please,may loathe this whole ques-
tion of regarding bones and sinews as property,
still we must look at these matters as they are,
and if we are going to attempt anything in the
way ofabohshmg slavery in the State of Missouii,
we may as well take the facts as they are in that
State, for that is where the question is to be tried
and decided.
Mr. President, without taxing the patience of
the Senate longer, I trust that at all events, before
this amendment is voted down, Senators will
pause, deliberate, and if they do so they will
haidly reject it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, I yield to no man in the Senate or in the coun-
try in the depth uml earnestness of my desire to
make Missouri a free Commonwealth. 1 am
ready to go as far as he who will go furthest in
voting money out of the Treasury of the United
States to aid thai State in placing herself in the
list of free States. And, sir, this is no new coll-
ection of mine. 1 remember that early in Sep-
tember last, when our Army was falling back from
the defeats around Manassas, one of the most in-
telligent men of the Republic expressed to me his
opinion that if was of vital importance to secure
the loyalty of Missouri by making her a fiee
State. When that Staff1 electrified" the hherty-
lovmg and loyal men of ihe notion by the election
of an emancipation Legislature in Novemberlast, ;
I wrote immediately to one of the most eminent, j
men of the State, long a leading emancipationist, i
proposing that the Congress of the United States
should tender to Missouri a sum of money to aid
her in making herself free. Before this session of
Congress assembled, in consultation with the Sec-
retin y of the Treasury and the Attorney Gen-
eral, { had a bill prepared t.o aid that State, giv-
ing her $12,000,000, and basing the question upon
the idea of more effectually suppressing the rebel- s
lion and securing domestic tranquillity m that :
State. When the Senator who so nobly repre- j
fents that State in the Senate proposed to intro- j
ducc a bill for that purpose, I thought it was fit- i
Ung and proper^that he should do so, and I was j
willing to followlus lead,and I am certainly will- I
M£T to do so now, as far as in my judgment he ■
pi oposes a practical and just measure to carry out J
the object in which he and I both agree. I assure 1
the Senator from Missouri, to whos- earnest rones |
I have listened to-day with unmixed pleasure, !
whose devotion to the country weall so'fnlly ap- '
T>huid that lam ready to vote any reasonable sum i
from the Treasury of the nation to make Missouri i
fire, free now, when freedom will bring to her I;
!ow, order, and tranquillity. j
Tiiis is my position. I care but little for money, \
even in these times when the nation sorely needs j
m timy, and if ^10,000,000 will not accomplish the I
olijjct, lam willing to mciease theamountso that 1
ttm object tfhail be fully attained. I do not stand i
here to say that I will take the House bill and no
other, because, as far as money is concerned, I am
willing to go beyond the $10,000,000; but I am
not ready to carry up the sum from ten to twenty
million dollars; and to postpone the time of eman-
cipation from 1865 to 1876, nor am 1 ready to vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator to
postpone'it to 1885. i have the conviction, and
in that conviction I am sustained by some of the
best and oldest emancipationists in Missouri, that
it is impoitant now that the time fixed should be
as early a day as possible. I am not only for it
on general principles, but I want now, while we
are engaged in this gigantic rebellion, to secure
Missouri to the Union, so that our armies leaving i
her can carry our flag to the Rio Grande. I be- ■
lieve that if an act of emancipation could be passed !
in that State at once, and slavery disappear at once !
from the State, it would be for her permanent and !
enduring interest and for the domestic tranquillity i
of the Republic. So long as it is on open ques- J
tion, so long as the question is before the people, i
it will be a source of debate, agitation, and con- j
troversy. "When a slave ceases to tread the soil i
of the State, [ believe all her controversies will ;
disappear forever, and she will begin the career j
of prosperity which God intended for her when j
he endowed her with such great natural resources, j
The extension of time is a fata! mistake. It is I
my chief objection to the amendment of the Com- .
nuttee on the Judiciary, that it changes the time
from lS65tol876. By the amendment of the Sen- j
ator from Missouri, it is pi oposed to extend it to [
1885.. I can not consent to this extension. The Sen- j
ator from Missouri and the Senator from Illinois !
have referred us to the importance of having Mis-
souri a free State, and with the free States, if this
Republic, is to he dismembered. Sir, I shall not give
my vote on any supposition that the Republic is
to be sundered. No, sir, I do not believe in the
dismembermentof the Union. I behave in the per-
manent triumph of our cause, and I am not ready
to make boimdat ics anywhere. The Senator from
Missouri reminded us that there were those even
in our northern section of the country who were
making the slavery question a reason forarraymg
themselves against the Administration and seek-
ing ns overthrow, and that when those who now
adminisfued the Government fell the country it-
self would perish. Within a few days, upon this
floor, we have been triumphantly pointed to these
manifestations, and we have been told, with an air
ofassured confidence, what the people would do—
they would dtive us from the Capitol. Sir, I
understand these manifestations quite as well as
these swift interpreters. I sec the men who won
strength by talking with a forked tongue, by de-
nouncing the imbecility of the Government, and
by prating of their loyalty, [laving won victories
by the double pi ofessions of loyalty to the country
and sympathy with our erring sisters, they are de-
fining wlu re and how they stand. Every speech
of theiis, every vote of theirs, every word uttered
by them anywhere, cieaily defining their objects
and their pui poses, is hastening on the hour when
the loyal people of the country will b a frio their
machinations and hurl them from the places they
have temporarily won. Sir, I see everywhere
siirns of the reaction ofthe patriotic people of this
country, who believe in the triumph of our arms,
and in the triumph of ourcountry. Sir,the men
who are making these speeches and giving these
votes will a few years hence wish to blot these
votes and these speeches out of the memories of
a patriotic people. Y<s, sir, a fe\v years hence,
these men will pray as earnestly as ever piayed
tiie Cowboys and the Tories of the Revolution
that a patriotic people will forget and for<ri\c.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, two years hence.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, and
two yeais hence; and the times will yet come
when their children will be as much ashamed to
own their fathers as ever were the descendants of
the Tories of the Ameucan Revolution.
Sir, I entertain no fears about the permanent
triumph of these men who sympathize with slave-
perpetuating rebels. They may temporarily tii-
umph; but let them take their distinct positions;
let it be seen that those positions are against the :
cause of liberty and the unity of the counti y, and |
they will go down as they went down before the '
flashing patriotism of the nation when rebel guns j
were fired at Fort Sumter. Let us, sir, who mra j
committed to the cause of freedom and the cause 1
of our periled country, give ourselves no anxiety
in regard to the acts of men, whether they are in
or out of the public offices of the States or of the
nation, who refuse now to sustain their country
by using all means sanctioned by law, humanity,
and religion, to crush out this godless rebellion
of Democratic slaveholders. Our duty is as clear
as the pathway of the sun in the heavens, and that
duty is to have abiding confidence m our country;
to stand unwaveringly by it, and resolve, at sun-
rise,at sunset,and in the broad lightof noon, that
we will cany on this holy war for the preserva-
tion of our country until we break down and crush
out this rebellion and extend the old flag of a
united country over every foot of the soil of the
Republic.
The Senator from Connecticut assumes that it
is necessary to give this large sum of money to
accomplish the desired result. Sir, if I believed
it was necessary to give §20,000,000 to accom-
plish it, i would do it. I have now a letter in my
possession, written by a gentleman of Missouri,
in which he says that they are startled at this
proposition; and a letter from a member of the
Legislature was shown me yestei day, stating that
they feared it would defeat the whole proposition.
1 say, therefoie, 1 am not clear that ^20,000,000
are necessaiy to do it; but I say here frankly, j
would cheei fully vote $*30,000,000 if it were
necessary to lemove slavery from Missouri;
but when you ask me to carry the sum from
$10,000,000 to ^20,000,000, and the tune from 1865
to 1876 oi lHSo, then I tell you 1 do not see in the
bill a proposition worth struggling for. If this
was a pioposition to aid Kentucky or Tennessee,
States that have hundreds of thousands of slaves,
it would be a far different question; but this is
proposition to aid the vast State of Missouri, with
her large population—with her sixty to one hun-
dred thousand slaves—which must ever be a source
of trouble, of disorder, and lawlessness. If you
want to make her prosperous, if you want to make
her peaceful and loyal, then I say it is your duty
to do it at once, and therefore 1 am against this
change of the tune fiorn 1865 to 1876 or to 1885,
The Sena tor from Missouri proposes that if t he
abolition of slavei y shall take place m 1865, they .
shall receive $20,000,000; if it shall take place in
1885, they shall receive £10,000,000. I consider
that pi opus irion a vast improvement on the amend-
ment of the committee—I mean as regaids the re-
duction of the sum, not the extension of the time.
By his proposition, if Missouri will accept eman-
cipation in 1^65, we agree to give hor$20,000,000;
if she extends it beyond that time, to 1885,
$10,000,000; but I cannot vote for his pioposition
to change the time from 1865 to 1876 or to 1885. I
admit that it is important to lake the fn st step; and
ifthis weren proposition to aid a State situated like
Kentucky or Tennessee, then I should regard the
first step as everything gained; but for a great
State like Missouri, with so few slaves, a State
that has such rn.ghty inteiests to become free at
once, the proposition is one that we ought not to
entei tain, and J hope it will be voted down by the
Senate of ihe United States. Let us stamp upon
the now wai-desolated fields the words, " imme-
diate emancipation," and these blighted fields will
bloom again, and law and order and peace will
again bless the dwellings of her people.
Mr. POM RROY. I do not desite to offer any
embarrassment, or obstacle to the passage of this
bill. Indeed, f desire the hill to pass and become
a law; and yet there arc some provisions in it that
I should very much like to have modified. The
piecise question before the Senate now is between
^10,000,000 and ^20,000,000, and between two
years and thnfer-n years.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ment is to postpone it to 1885.
Mr. POM EROY. That isa proposed amend-
ment, but not the one immediately before the
Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I want to say that I think
Missouri is destined to become a free State at any
rate. You cannot keep slavery m Missouri thir-
teen years without a standing army. If there was
not a,dollctr appiopnat"d for emancipation, I be-
lieve it would be impossible to keep slavei y there
the length of time suggested by the Senator. But
I am not disposed to be captious, either about the
precise time or the precise amount of money. It
is the^ thing aimed at that 1 desire to have ac-
complished. I do not think it is for tiie benefit,
