1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
they did at $1,100. In 1854, with an overflowing
Treasury,Congress,composed no doubtof liberal
gentlemen, much like this,perhaps, voted an ad-
ditional compensation of twenty per cent.; but
with an express provision that it should apply to
that year alone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move the following amend-
ment to come in immediately after the clause
which the committee has just considered:
For expenses incurred under the dn ection of the Govern-
or, chief justice, and marshal of the 'Punitory, in fitting up
a territorial piison at Denver, in the Territory of Colorado,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary eft the
Interior, $5,000.
Mr. BENNET. This amendment makes a
small appropriation to reimburse citizens of Colo-
rado, who, at the request of your Federal Gov-
ernor, chief justice, and marshal of the Territory,
came forward and furnished mentis to construct
a jail. It was important that this jdil should be
erected. There was no jail or penitentiary to con-
fine criminals nearer than the State of Iowa, a thou-
sand miles away. Every member of this House
knows it is impossible to administer justice in any
community without the wholesome restraints of
a jail hard by. It is but tardy justice to the patri-
otic citizens who came forward at the call of these
officers and furnished money and labor to con-
struct this jail.
It is the only jail in the country, and when or-
dered to be built by the officers of the Geneial
Government, it ought to be paid for by Congress.
The Department cannot audit and pay this ex-
pense unless you adopt this amendment. It has
been before you in the report of the Committee
on Territories since last session.
It is one of the little items I have pressed upon
the consideration of the House for a long time.
As this is the first opportunity the House has had
to vote on it, I trust it will be adopted without
further opposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
* Mr. ASHLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in immediately after the one just
adopted:
For constructing a military road from Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Coloiado, across the Rocky and YVa^ateh mount-
ains. to Camp Ci ittendcn, in the Territoiy of Utah, #22.300.
For constructing a military load between Fort Ljou and
Fort Garland, in the Tei i itory ot Coioi ado, to be u>ed only
iu the nmuntains ami on the most appiovcd pass. $7,500.
Mr. BENNET. I know the impatience of the
committee at this late hour in the session, and I
will detain them but a moment. I offer these
amendments in good faith,and I claim them both
on the grounds of economy to the Government.
Large supplies are annually sent to these miiitary
posts. The roads arc very difficult, and hence the
cost of transportation is gieatly increased upon
the Government. There are also large supplies
sent to the Indians, under tieaty stipulations, in
Utah Territory; and also to Indians m the region
of Fort Garland. The greater cost of transpor-
tation in these two respects for one ytfiir would
nearly equal the entire amount I ask m my two
amendments.
Again, sir, it will greatly facilitate the commu-
nication between a large population in the Park
San Luis and the capital of the Territory to im-
prove the mountain pass near the head-waters of
the Huerfano. The roads of (his ran^e of mount-
ains are quite impassable for several months each
year, which difficulty the small sum of seven or
eight thousand dollars asked for would remove.
The road from Denver to Camp Crittenden will
shorten the distance of the overland travel to Cali-
fornia at least two hundred miles. Now, one year
from next April the overland mail line is to be
again bid for and let by the Post Office Depart-
ment. If you shorten the distance two hundred
miles, which will be done by constructing this
.road, you will save m the new letting of this con-
tract three times the amount of the appropriation
asked for.
The length of the overland line, as the mail is
nt present carried, is about two thousand miles.
The Government pays for transporting the mails
on this route $1,000,000. This is §500 to the mile.
Now, reduce the distance two hundred miles and
make a corresponding reduction in the pay, and
you save just $100,000. It is, therefore, plain to
any man, to open this shortened route is more a
matter of economy tlnm expenditure to the Gov-
ernment—-that the Government would save by it
annually in this one matter of the overland mail
$75,000, or more than three times the appropria-
tion asked for. I hope, therefore, no man here
will vote against this amendment, and " save at
the spile and lose at the bufig."
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that that is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the point
of order comes too late after the amendment has
been debated.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it ishardly proper to
provide for new roads at this time and on this bill.
It does not belong to this bill at all. This is a bill
for objects of a different kind. 1 think Colorado
ought to be entirely content with her penitentiary.
Let the committee bring in bills for these purposes
which can be deliberately considered. I hope the
amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the general and incidental expenses of the Indian
service of Anzona—present* of good*, agricultural Imple-
ments, and otnet u&eiul articles, to them to locate and
MHtam themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to he
expended uidfrt the direction of the Secietaiy ofthe Inte-
rior, $12,U0U.
Mr. BAKER. I make the point of order that
that amendment was offered the -other day and
icjected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I offer the
following amendment:
For pay of the United Ptafes district judge for the western
di«tuei of Michigan, $2..">00.
For pay of maishal of the «.<une district, $200.
For pay of distuct attorney, same dinner, $200.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the bill creating those
offices become a law?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, It has.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the amendment is right
enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENNET. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That the current expenses for the year endine30th June,
1864, foi the Denvei bianch mint, be .luilioiizuJ lo be paid
out ot the unexpended balance of the nppioprianou of
$*5,000, made lor the establishment and cunent expenses
of fcaid mint by the act of Congress appiovcd April 21,18fiQ.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment contains no
appropriation of money. It only provides that
the balance of the appiopnation already made
may be used to caruy on the Denver mint the next
fiscal year. It is very true that the mint is not
yet started; hut I want the House to understand
the fault does not lie at my door. 1 have urged
it in season and out of season, and for the life of
me I can see no good reason why it might not
have been started last July or August, or even be-
fore that time. The act, you will recollect, passed
Congress,and wasappioved iheSlstof April last,
and the same buildings and apparatus, since pur-
chased for (he mint, were just as ready for the
Government twelve months ago as now.
The House can rely upon it, however, that the
Denver mint will now soon be in operation.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see any objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TODD. I offer the following amendment:
For laying out a military road from Sioux City, Jowa, to
Fort Rami<dl, Dakota Terutoiy, and the building of bridges
over the IVikoti arid V< rm'Ilion rivei=, $10,000, lo be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point oforder that
that amendment is not in order, being independ-
ent legislation upon an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Cleik read the third section of the bill, as
follows?
Pec. 3. Jini be it further enacted, That, In addition to
the present cic-ical force of the Quartei master General's
depattment, the Secietarv of War be, and he is herebv. au-
thorized lo appoint a irolicitoi at an nn.inal salarv of $3,000,
three anditois at §2.800 each, ninety clerks of the fn-t c!a>-s,
twenty ot the second, and ten ot the ihnri clas>, and the sum
of .$163,400 be, and the taiii" is iiendn, appropriated, oui
of any money m the Tteasiirj not otheiwisu appropriated,
for said purpose.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means what Solicitor is referred to in that sec-
tion ?
■ Mr. STEVENS. I was about to offer-.an
amendment to that section. I move to strike «mt?
the words "a Solicitor at an animal salary of
$3,000." ' .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out tb'ft
words, "ninety clerks of (he first class, twenty
of the second, and ten of the third class, and tto'
sum of $163,400 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any money in theTreasuryjiot
otherwise appropriated, for said purpose, and
to insert, in lieu thereof, "$8,400." A bill has
passed providing for these clerks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following,
amendment:
Fot-Iiglitin-r Maryland avenue west and Sixth street south
with gas, made noeeseaiy by the occupancy of that street
by a Govei nment raihoad, thereby endangering the lives of
citizens in the night, $15,000.
Fur alteration of steps and improvements to the entrance
to the custom-house atHo^on, Massachusetts, $12,904.
To pav William Bundle, late receiver of public moneys
at Fjeeompton, Kansas, for extra clerk hire and office rent,
$4,713.
Foi repair of the eulvert on New Jersey avenue ncarthft
Capitol, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the purchase of grounds adjoining the Schuylkill
agonal, and the erection of buck huiiding* forthestoiagc of
eloihing and camp and garrison equipage, $100,000.
Foi the pmcha&c of books of tactic*, and instructions for
the nitrite-: of the United States, §50.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amend ment:
To defray expense® incurred In raising, equipping, trans-
portation, and MilM.-tence of minute-men and volunteers
in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky
to repel lebel raid-*, $1,000,000.
For additional compensation to the publishers of the Stat-
utes at Large, .<51,125.
For completion of north portion of Patent Officc build
in?, $60,000.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase of
Messrs. Little, 11 row n &. Co. twenty thousand copie* of i he
twelfth volume o( the United Slates Statutes at Laige for
distiibunon agreeably to the actol Congress directing the
distribution ot the other volumes, $7,000.
For compensation of the receiver at Santa F6, New Mex-
ico, acting as depositary. $3,000.
Foi four lahosets employed under the Commissioner of
Public .Buildings in the Capitol, heretofore authorized by
special appropriation, {$2,400.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order that the clause in this amendment appro-
priating $1,000,000 is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustain# the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a law for calling
out these troops, and this is to pay them. I must
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a question of fact
whether this is to carry out existing law. If so,
the amendment is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. These troops were called out
in pursuance of the act of 1795, and of several
amendments thereto. This appropriation is to pay
them.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania on what ground
tins expense is made chargeable on the United
States?
Mr. STEVENS. On the ground that the Presi-
dent had the authority to call out these troops to
repel invasion or suppress insurrection. He has
called them out. They have been in service; and
they are therefore to be paid.
The CHAIRMAN. On the statement of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] as
to the existing law, the Chair overrules the point
of order.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted. *
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the followingamend-
ment:
For a new roof for the Congressional Library, $3,500.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the Ag i-
cultural ttureau for tiie fiscal year ending June*30, lb&3,
$20,000.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the bal-
ance due for running and marking tiie boundary line b«*-
tween the Cieek and Choctaw nations in execution of the
ninth article of the treaty of 7th August, 1856, $-2,449 6* 
The amendment was agreed to.
