'598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
PROFESSOKSUIl* IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to grant to the
Territory of Washington a township of land for
the endowment of a military professorship; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
EDIZ IIOOK LIGHT-HOUSE.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and they
are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to build a light-house on Ediz
Hook, in the Territory of Washiugton ; and report by bill or
otherwise.
CENSUS IN DAKOTA, ETC.
Mr.TODD, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill making appropriations for taking the census
in the Territories of Dakota, Colorado, and Ne-
vada, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
DEPOSITS OF GOLD, ETC.
Mr. HARRISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire Into the expediency of the parage of an
act prohibiting hanks and individuals from receiving de-
posits of gold to secure payment of money boriowed; that
they inquire whether such an act will nor prevent the spec-
ulation in gold now going on, and ailoid a protection to the
Government and tfn? people from the evils resulting from
such speculation ; and that said committee have liberty to
report by bill or otherwise.
POST ItOADS.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, supplementary to tin act ap-
proved July 14, 186'2, to establish certain post
roads, and for other purposes.
Objection was made.
SENECA G. SIMMONS.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 520, for the relief of Seneca G. Simmons,
with the recommendation that they be concurred
in, being informal in their character.
The amendments were concurred in.
CODIFICATION OF STATUTE LAWS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee 011 the Ju-
diciury House bill JVo. J12, to provide for a board
of commissioners to codify the general statute
laws of the United States.
Mr. VALLANDIG HAM. I object.
NKGKO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be House bill No. 675, to raise additional soldiers
for the service of the Government. The question
ison the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
Mr. HICKMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 modify my substitute by
striking out the proviso.
Mr. VALLANDItiflAM. I rise t/> a ques-
tion of order. Is not the question pending on
ordering the main question?
The SPEAKER. That was reconsidered, and
the motion withdrawn.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Does not the pre-
vious question still stand before the House?
The SPEAKER. The reconsideration of the
main question divests the bill of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. So 1 thought.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 desire to modify my
amendment by striking out, in the first section in
the fourteenth line, the words," to be men of col-
legiate education, either white or coloied, and;"
and also to strike out,after the word " receive'"
the word " twice."
The substitute offered by Mr. Hickman, as
amended, was read,as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the President be, and is hereby, authorized to raise
as many regiments, not exceeding three hundred, of Af-
ricans, or colored persons of the United States, as, in his
discretion, hf may consider ncccssary; to be uniformed in
woma marked or special iwumer, mid armed and equipped
as ho may direct; their term of service to be for seven years
unless sooner discharged ; the pay of the private soldiers
and musician? to be $6 50 per month, one half of which is
to be retained till the end of their period of enlistment; the
pay of the non-commissioned officers* to be the tame as that
of like grades m the respective corps of the regular Army;
the commissioned officers of these regiments to receive the
pay and emoluments of officers of corresponding grades in
the infantry arm of the regular service; the noil commis-
sioned officers to lie either white or colored, as the com-
manding officers of regiments may sec fit; each company
to have one teacher or chaplain's clerk, with the pay and
allowances of orderly sergeant, and the whole to receive the
same allowances of clothing, lations, quarters, fuel, &e.,
as are now provided by law for the other troops of the
United States.
Sec 2. JinA be it further cnactcA, That a line of semi-
monthly steamers, of not less than fifteen hundred ton* bur-
den each, be established by contract or otherwise between
New York and one or more port*, in Libeua, Africa, to
touch on the outward passage at Norfolk, Virginia, and at
Fort Royal, South Carolina, for the purpose of carrying
malls, passengers, articles of commerce, and such persons
as the various colonization societies of the United States
may desire to send; and that for the purpose of superintend-
ing the said line of steamers and the emigration of Alricans
from the United States, three commissioners shall be ap-
pointed, whose term of office shall continue during {rood
behavior, with the pay of $-3,00U a year each, and whose
duty it shall be to send to Liberia such freed men of the
African race as are or may become dependent upon the
United States for support; to furnish them with suitable
agricultural implements, and with clothing, provisions, and
medical attendance for the period of one year, renderingan
annual account of the same to the Secretaiyof the Navy for
tiie information of Congress.
Sec. 3. Jlndhe it f uither enacted, That all the sums accru-
ing to the [Tinted States through the confiscation of the
ptoperty of porous in rebellion against the Government
ot the United States by the act entitled " An act to sup-
press. insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscate the pjoperly of rebels, and tor other pur-
poses," approved July 17, 1862, he, and hereby are, appio-
priated foi the purposes of education in the respective States
wherein the confiscated property lies, to be paid over to and
expended by the legitimate authorities of those States when
reestablished in the full and complete exercise of their
appropriate powers under the United Slates: Provided,
That the said education *hall teach that libortv is the funda-
mental principle of the Government of the United States,
and shall be extended equally to ail persons, without dis-
tinction of race, *ect, or color.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it be in order to refer
this bill, with the proposed amendments, to the
Committee on Mililaiy Affans?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question on the motion.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Is that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
which lias been read is that of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who also submitted the original bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Does the Chair refer to
the proposition piesentcd by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means this morning?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania this morning only modified the amend-
ment heretofore offered by him.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have not heard that
amendment. I am voting in perfect ignorance.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will be read, if no ob-
jection be made.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was read, as
follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the Piesident be, and lie is hereby, authorized to enroll,
arm, «-qinp, and icceivo into the land and naval service of
the United States such number of volunteers of Afiiean
descent as he may deem useful to suppress the present re-
bellion, for such teim of service a.*> he may prescribe, not
exceeding five years. The taid volunteers to bo organized
according to the regulations of the branch of service in
which they may be enlisted, to receive the same rations,
clothing, and equipments as other volunteer?, and a monthly
pay not to exceed that of other volunteers; to be offieeted
by white or black persons appointed and commissioned by
the President, and to be governed by the rules and articles
of war and sueh other rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the President.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that my amend-
ment this morning; was merely modified by strik-
ing out the proviso.
Mr. MALLORY. Is that the only modifica-
tion ?
_ Mr. STEVENS. That is the only modifica-
tion.
Mr. COX. Before the main question is ordered,
I would like to ask a question of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. This substitute has not been
printed, except in the Globe. I desire to ask
wherein this bill differs from the law which is
already in operation—the present existing law,
passed July 17,1862, in the twelfth and thirteenth
sections. Let us know if there is any difference
between that law and the law now proposed, and
what is the reason for this legislation.
Mr. STEVENS. With the consent of the
House I will reply to the question of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I said the other day—what
perhaps I should not have said, if some gentleman
had not referred to it—that in the opinion of those
who ha-l to execute it, the law, as it now exists,
does not put the Afiiean soldier upon the same
footing with regard to protection with the white
soldier. If the African is taken by the enemy,
and shot by him, as perhaps may be done, those
who have to execute the law would not, perhaps,
have the authority to retaliate or to interfere for
his protection unless he is placed upon the same
footing with our own soldiers so far as protection
is concerned. This construction qjay be right or
not. I do not undertake to say whether it is or
not; but I know that was the opinion of those
who execute the law, and hence this proposed law
places them upon the same footing when mustered
into service, to be protected by the same rule, to
be punished by the same rule, and, in every re-
spect, placed under the rules and regulations of
the Army with all othersoldiers. It was the opin-
ion of those who ought to know, that if we made
a distinction between them the President would
not have the authority to afford him that protec-
tion. And hence it was that this proposed law
was deemed essential, if we intended to use that
kind of people in any branch of the public service,
that the Executive should have this power in ac-
cordance with the amendment I have offered as
now presented. The substitute, as originally pre-
sented, wt\& not satisfactory to the Department;
and I was, therefore, willing to adopt one which
they thought better.
I hope the bill will not be referred, but will be
acted upon. Let me say that I have no desire to
call the previous question upon this bill, if gentle-
men desire to discuss it.
Mr. COX. I want to ask one other question,
with the consent of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. Let me say to the gentleman tiiat if he has
read, or the Department for whom he acts has
read, the militia law of the last session, they would
know that it places these colored persons in the
Army under all the rules and regulations of war.
lie receives pay and rations precisely as the white
soldier does. In every respect he is a part of the
Army. Now wherein, I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, does this law make any difference
| from the law to which I refer? And if there is
I none, what is the necessity of further legislation
j on the subject ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he did not vote for the existing I.iw
to which he refers ?
Mr. COX. I did not. Amotion was made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania^) strike out
this very clause of the militia law. We voted to
strike out, and because it was not stricken out, a
large body of gentlemen on this side of the House'
voted against that law simply because of this ob-
jectionable provision, which it is now sought to
have reenaoted.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman desires it,
I will further explain the distinction between the
law as it exists and the law it is proposed to en-
act. I have only to say that in terms the old en-
actment did not place the African soldier upon
precisely the same footing. It makes a difference
in more than one respect, as the gentleman will
see by comparing my amendment with the exist-
ing law. The pay is now the same; but it was
the opinion of those who are to execute the law
that they ought to be placed upon precisely the
same footing m regard to protection, and thereby
enable the President to take so many people as he
may think proper, voluntarily enlisted into the
service, and afford them the same protection and
inflict upon them the same punishments as all
other soldiers.
Now, sir. I have reported this bill. If it is the
same, then I do not see why gentlemen object to
it. If n be altered for the better in the cstimatiou
of those who are to execute it% then the change w
