1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
necessary. If it be simply a reenactment—though
there may be a difference in opinion upon them—
of the old law, I do not see what objection can be
made to it upon that account.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bii( of the House (No. 610) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1864, with sun-
dry amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
KEG no SOLDIERS AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say a single word now.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to further
debate.
Mr. COX. Objection comes too late.
Mr. MALLORY. I riue to a point of order.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 desire to appeal to
the gentleman from Illinois to withdraw his ob-
jection. 1 think he will subserve the public in-
terest by not insisting upon it.
Mr, MALLORY. My point is, that the gen-
tleman from Ohio having obtained the floor, by
the consent of the House, to discuss this bill, the
demand for the previous question having been
withdrawn, he is upon the floor, and, under the
rules of the House, he is entitled to occupy the
floor during his hour.
Mr. COX. I will sav I do not claim that right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
House, when the gentleman asked consent, that
he would be heard if there was no objection and
he nude his statement. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania rose and asked consent to Rpeak,
and the Chair stated if there was no objection he
would be heard. No objection was made, and he
was heard. The Chair made a similar statement
iti the case of each person who desired to address
the House. The Chair, therefore, overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I will make a simple remark
upon this question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object,unless I can be heard,
also.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the mam question.
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 would like to know-——
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
A3r. McKNiGrliT. I desire to ask a question
for information.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania did not call the previous* question. The
gentleman from Illinois demanded the previous
question, and he declined to withdraw it. All de-
bate has been by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLFAli. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. It has been seconded, and
having been partly executed it cannot be with-
drawn.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask one question of
the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to know whether the
previous question, if sustained, exhausts itself
upon the vote of leferencc?
The SPEAKER. Not until the bill has been
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope the main ques-
tion will not be sustained.
The House refused to order the main question.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say that at pres-
ent all the soldiers are not entitled to bounty, and
it was not thought, by those who dictated this
bill, that it was necessary to give a bounty to those
soldiers, because that would not make an essen-
tial difference, as there was that distinction be-
tween different white soldiers. Hence it was that
it was designed to leave out of this bill the ques-
tion of bounty altogether.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to state that the object
of his bill now is to secure the negro soldiers that
equality in every respect with the white soldiers
which the existing law does not secure to them.
1 understand, in addition, that this bill provides
that these negro regiments to be raised by the
President are to be officered either by white or
colored men. If that be the case, I ask whether,
under the provisions of the law now proposed, a
colored man could not be taken from his colored
regiment and put in command of the gentleman's
constituents and mine, whenever the President
chooses; and whether a black officer would not
command white men whenever he happened to be
the ranking officer. I ask whether under the rules
and articles of war that would not necessarily be
the case?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must know,
so far as volunteers are concerned, the Governors
of States appoint the officers, and not the Pres-
ident. This bill gives the President power direct
to make appointments, and therefore the conse-
quences the gentleman suggests cannot follow.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say in relation to the
question propounded by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and also in relation to the statement made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that this
bill, as I understand it, docs not place the African
soldiers upon the same footing as the whites, in
this regard. The pending bill provides that these
soldiers are to be governed by the rules and arti-
cles of war, and such other rules and regulations us
may be proscribed by the President. That pro-
vision, as I understand it, does not pertain to the
regular Army and the volunteers we have now in
the service of the United States. I do not object
to it upon that account. By the rules and regula-
tions which the President is authorized to estab-
lish by this bill, if it becomes a law, he may pre-
vent the happening of the very thing which the
gentleman from Kentucky fears, and may make
" such other rules and regulations" as he, in his
wisdom, may deem necessary. Therefore these
soldiers are not placed upon the same footing with
the soldiers now in the service of the United
States.
Mr. MALLORY. According to the view of the
gentleman from Iowa, the President would have
it in his power to put, if he chooses,black officers
in command of all brigades he thinks proper. But
I do not believe the gentleman thinks the Presi-
dent will do any such thing.
Mr. WILSON. Does thegentlemanbelieve that
the President would, under any circumstances,
do such a thins: >
Mr. MALLORY. My dear sir, it is impossi-
ble to say what the President may do; I merely
object to his having the power to do ir.
Mr. COX. 1 would like to have, one or two
portions of the law of last session read, so as to
show th" gentleman from Pennsylvania 
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think that law has
anything to do with this matter.
Mr. COX. 1 think there is a radical difference
between the law of last session and the present
law, although that law was rather radical when
it was passed. That law, as it has been interpreted
by its fi lends, and as it may be now, simply pro-
vided that Africans might be employed in the
military service, ft says:
u Thru the President ho, and h   is hereby, aurhoilzcit to
receive into the tervice of the United States for the puipo>e
ot constructing nnrenclniMMiH. performing camp service,
or any oilier l.tbor in the military or naval service lor which
they may he touud competent," &c.
Now, the present pending law, as the gentle-
man correctly observed, is intended to place the
African soldier upon a perfect equality in every
regard with the white soldier, and that is the gist
of our objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not said so. I said
the object was to put them upon an equality as
to the protection which the President could afford
them. I do not mean to say that they are to be
put upon a social and political equality. The bill
has no such features in it.
Mr. COX. ldid not refer to political equality.
Mr. STEVENS. I intend merely to put them
upon an equality, in rights as soldiers, in being
protected and punished by the Executive. I sup-
pose the President would not, under the law of
last session, hold himself at liberty to try and
shoot one of these soldiers in the same way lie
would a white soldier, because by law we have
ourselves made a distinction.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether the President
has made any distinction between the treatment
of blacks and whites in the employ of the Federal
Government? Has he retaliated more for out-
rages committed upon white soldiers than far
those committed upon black soldiers?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not*know that he has
retaliated at all. 1 have seen it stated, and I sup-
pose with truth, that the rebels, having captured
a few of the black soldiers, have shot them after
they had taken them. I do not aver anything'
more than I have seen in the newspapers. 1 have
never seen the statement contradicted. It is to
meet cases of that kind that it is deemed proper,
by those who know better than I do, that some law
of tlfis kind shall be passed. It is absolutely neces-
sary that it" should pass in order to give the black
soldier equality of rights. I do not mean to make
him white; I do not mean that he shall have any
other right than the right of the soldier to be pro-
tected as a soldier of the Union fightingagainst the
rebels, if the Government sees proper to employ
him. This measure is deemed absolutely neces-
sary to the full and free employment of these men.
As to the question of reference, 1 will only say that
1 should deem the reference of this biif its death-
blow.
Mr. MAYNAItD. With the permission of the
gentleman, f desire to say a few words.
Mr. STEVENS, I yield to the gentleman with
much pleasure.
Mr, MAYNARD. My object in making the
motion for reference is to have this bill, if it is to
pass, without impairing its efficiency, deprived of
such features as merely tend to make it odious,
and give the enemy an advantage and benefit with-
out any countervailing gain to us.
Now, the suggestion made by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] has more in it,
it seems to me, than even he suggested. It is pro-
vided in this bill that any number of this kind of
troops may be raised that the President may deem
useful. Well, how large that number may be, of
course can only be determined by the success
which this volunteering meets with,and by the ne-
cessities of the service. If they are to be officered
indiscriminately, either by white or by black per-
sons—as officered by somebody they must be—
we shall have not only brigadier generals but ma-
jor generals of the African lace, if under the pow-
ers conferred by this bill the President should
choose to confer that high authority upon men of
that race; and when they are brought into the same
field with white troops officered by white men who
are outranked jjy such colored officers, the con-
sequence will be that the white officers must yield
military obedience to them. I need not say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, or to the gentle-
men of the House, what effect that must have,
whether rightfully or wrongfully, whether in con-
sequence of insane and wild and unreasoningprej-
udice or not, I will not undertake to say. I speak
to the facts. I speak to things as they are. I
speak to men's opinions as they have formed them
and as we cannot change them by our legislation
or by anything we can say here. I ask gentlemen
to consider what would be the practical effect of
such an arrangement on our Army. Wecan easily
deprive the bill of those features which do nogoocf,
but merely give the enemy an opportunity to make
capital against us. It was for that reason thaton
yesterday 1 voted for the reference as proposed
by the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Shef-
field,] and have renewed the motion to-day.
I ask gentlemen another thing, whether they
do not ieco!ioct that when it was proposed to ap-
priate, for carrying on this war till July, 1864,
almost during the entire term of the present Ad-
ministration, upwards of seven hundied million
dollars, the bill passed with but three dissenting
votes. When it was proposed, again, to raise
a revenue of $900,000,000 for means to carry on
the Government, there was not even a call for the
yeas and nays, and the bill passed the House with-
out a single dissentient voice. I beg to assure
gentlemen that so fur as I am concerned, and,
I believe, so far as all those of us who are called
border States men are concerned, we have no de-
sire to throw obstacles in the way of the prosecu-
tion of the wai, but we do desire to obviate the
passage of measures that we believe will do infi-
nitely more harm than good. We have submitted
to a great many things which we thought ill-judged
and ill-advised. We have not been disposed to
reopen and reargue them. I beg gentlemen, when
they find it necessary to adopt measures thatar#
contrary to our judgments and to our settled opin-
ions and delil*erate convictions, they will at least
