1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
the bill on the table, upon which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, rays 81; as foliows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Daily, Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clements.,
Cobb, Cravens, Crisfield, Ciittenden, Delano, Delaplaine,
Diven,Dunl«ip, English,Grider, Haight, Hale, Iiall, Hard-
ing. Harrison, llolnian, liorton, Johnson, Law, LearyJ
Mallory, May, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Norton,
Nugen, Pendleton, Ferry, John S. Uhelp55, Puce, Robin-
son, Segar, Sheffield, Slnel, Smitff, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianeis Thomas, Vallan-
digham, Voorhoes, Wad^worth, Ward, Chihon A. White,
Wiekliffe, Wood, Woodiuff, Worcester, Wright, and Yea-
man—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Akirich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Biair,
Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Casey, Chamberlain, Claik,
Colfax, Fiedenck A. Conkltng, Conway, Covode, D.ivK,
Dawes, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Kenton, Samuel O.
Fes^enden, Thomas A D. Fessenden, Flanders, Franchot,
Granger, Gurley, Halm, Hooper, Hutching, Julian, Kclley,
Fiuncis VV. K' Hogg, William Kellogg Lan-ing, Lehman,
Loomis, Low, Melndoe, MeKean, j\1iKnight, MePhcrson,
Mitchell, Mooihead, Justin S. Moirill, Dim, Patton, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Poiter, Alexander II. Rice, John
H Rice, Riddle, Edwaid 11. Rolling Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan? Stevens, Tiain,
Tumble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Ver-
ree, Walker, Wall, Wallace^ Washbuine, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, and Wmdom—81.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ALDRICbl stated that Mr. Potter was
paired oft' with Mr. Allen, of Illinois.
0 The question next lecurred on the third read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to aslc the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] to withdraw
his demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman to
ask unnrtunous consent to do it; so that wo may
have some explanation of the Lull.
Mr. KELLOGG, of I I limits. If the gentleman
will indicnte the inquiiies he desires to make, I
will then determine whether 1 will ask permission
of the House to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill speaks for itself.
Mr. PENDLETON. If there m no objection,
I desire to ask the gentleman bom Illinois to ex-
plain some of the pi oviaions of the bill. I desire
him to point out the necessity for this bill. It
Htrik<"? a great many of us upon this side of the
House that it is nothing more than an attempt to
legislate one set of judges out of office and an-
other in. We have not been able to see, against
the remonstrance of a wist majority of the people
of this D'"trict, anything in the bill itself which
(should tnduee its passage.
Ml. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the per-
mission of tin- I Ioiim', I will say, in leference to
tile last poiiition tnken by the gentleman that a
large rnajoi ity of i lie people of i lie Di ict are de-
sirous (hat it should not pass, that within the last
thirty-six hours I have been .-ipphed to by a num-
ber of highly respectable gentlemen in this Dis-
trict, urging the passage of this bill; declaring
That iii their judgment it was propei, necessary,
and right. I say further, from the investigation
1 have given tins matter, that it is very material
to the administration of justice that the judicial
nystem of tine. District should hi* revised and
amended, in oider tluitnot only that to the admin-
istration of justice hut to the revision of the laws,
there should be in this Disti ictsoine element of the
mod« rn idea of the progiessof the age. I behove
that justice in the Disti ict requires its passage, and
thu' good otiler in the Disuict will be advanced
by Us paPSHTf. 1 believe that if this bill passes
•he administration of the laws and of justice in
tin; Disti irf will be moiu m hut mony v  ilh the ad-
ministration of justice and the jut isprudence of
our whole country. I theteiore hope, believing-
it to hi-just and proper, that the bill wll pass.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to say one word.
Mr. BAKER. f object.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desiie to say that it will
facilitate veiy much the pasnege of the mil if we
can have some explanation of it.
Mi. BAKER. How long does the gentleman
from Massachusetts desire?
Mr. DELANO. Only a few moments.
Mr. BAKEil. i withdraw my objection.
Mr. DELANO, i would not have asked a mo-
ment of time had not the gentleman from Illinois
assumed that the chief object of this bill is to re-
organize the courts of this District. Sir, if there
had been any urgent necessity for reorganizing
the courts of this "District, is it not strange that
this measure should be left to be put through un-
der the previous question, and without reference
to any committee of this House, and that, too, at
the waning hours of the session ?
I am satisfied that that is not the chief nor even
the primary object of the bill, but that the con-
trolling purpose of those who have initiated the
measure, and are now pressing it hastily to its
consummation, is to legislate out of office one, two,
or perhaps even more judges, rather than to re-
form the judiciary of the District. 1 have in my
hand the best evidence of that. I have received
a letter from a very respectable source, based
probably upon the supposition that the bilI would
be referred to a committee, informing me that the
passage of this bill will have the very desirable
effect of legislating out of office one judge very old,
and another very disloyal. Now, sir, that, to my
mind, shows the animus of the bill more than any-
thing else, and tluitabundantly demonstrates that
it should at least be referred to some responsible
committee of the House, and not pressed tluough
at this late hour of the session.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman before lie takes his seat, whether,
if it be true that one of these judges is disloyal
and the other incompetent, that is an objection in
his mind to the passage of the bill?
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman will throw
open wide the door for discussion 1 will give my
reasons at length, but I cannot now.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will thegentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. STEVENS, i object to any mote debate,
or we shall lose the miscellaneous bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Just one question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 object to any further de-
bate. I must puss that bill to-night.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That was the last vote taken,
and the bill is still in the same stage. The ques-
tion now is upon ordering the bill to a third read-
mg.
Mr, JOHNSON. I ask to be cxcuscd from
voting on that question.
Mr. VALLANO!GUAM. I call for the yeas
and nays on excusing thegentleman. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw his
objection for a moment.
'Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. I desire simply to
stale my objections to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cannot consent to lose the
miscellaneous bill, and I shall do it if we allow
anybfdy to talk longer on this bill.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Postpone this bill for the
present.
Mr. STEVENS. Never postpone it until it is
passed.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been oidered, the bill can only be postponed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. IvNAPP demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Telle* s were ordered ; and Messrs. Shanks and
Joiin'son- were npjiomtod.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, noes 105.
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays were oideied.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 75; as foliows:
YI'IAS—Mpims. Wilh.im Allen, Babbitt, Jacob 13. Blair,
15 lii ke, Col lav, i'li 'li'i 11 I; A. C'uiklutg. Coim .i\, Co v ode,
Cilivens, Crisfield, Ciutcnd'M), L>i i.ipiame. Dunn, Edgei-
ton, liliot, Samm'IC Fes>enden,Gnd< r, William Kellogg,
Lehman, Low, Melndoe, Malion, M.uston, May, May-
nard, Alison P. Mornll, Pation, P"udk ton. Perry, Timothy
U. Phelps, portei, Alexander 11 Rice. John II. Iliee, fid-
ward II. Kullins, S.iujenf, Segar. Shanks, Sheffield, Hluel.
Suh ■>. Tumble,'Tiov\ e.ul^e, Venue , anil Chilton .V White
ISAVS—Me^rs. \ll"\, Ancona. Bakei, Baxter. Beaman,
iimjinam, 1 S. Ulan, William G Biown, Butfinton,
Cun.pbch, Case\. CliambeiUin. Clai k. ito-cc Conkhng,
Cnpei, Davw, Dawes, I)iven, Danlap. Cl\, Thomas A. I)
FcspemP'n, Fisher, Fianehof, Fianr. G, ni^ei, Gnriej,
tlahn, Hale, HarduiL', Harrison, ilolman, lloopei, liorton,
flniclons, Julian, Kelk'v. J'V;'nei< W Keiiocr?. Knapp,
Law, Leary, Looims, Melvean, MeKnight, iMel'lier^on,
Mitchell, Moorhead, 'ju->tin iS, Mooill, Moru<, Nixon,
.Voblo. Olin. John H. Plulth, PojiK-K'^, Kiddle, rtedjfwick.
Shellabarcer, Sloan, Smith, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin
F Thomas,Train, Van Valkenburgh,Wad-worth,Walker,
Wall. Wallace, Wheeler, Alberts. White,Wmdoin,Wood,
Woreestei, and Yeamau—75.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Johnson
from voting.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by M**- Forney, its
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate had
passed the bill of the House (No. 550) to equal-
ize and establish the compensation of the collect-
ors of the customs on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers, with amendments, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had adopted concurrent
resolutions concerning foreign intervention in the
existing rebellion; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the Senate
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by tlue
House to the bill of the House (No. 770) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government and pay interest on
the public debt," approved July 1, lb62, and for
other purposes; di^agiecd to the amendment of
the House to the thirty-first section of the bill;
agreed to the conference asked by the House on
the amendments to said bill, and had appointed
Messrs. Fersenden, Cowan, and Willey, man-
agers of said conference on the part of the Senate.
DISTRICT JCDICIAUY AGAIN.
Mr. CRISF1 ELD. I ask the consent of the
House to suv a single word.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to anybody being
heard.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I do not wish to debate, hut
simply to state a fact. 1 have in my hand 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in oider.
Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 hold in my hand the re-
monstraneeof three thousand citizens of this Dis-
trict, including the Common Council of the citv 
against the p ss«ige of this bill.
The SPEAKER. D< bate is not in order, and
gentlemen must observe the rules. It is the duty
of the Chair to enforce them.
Mr. CRISFIELD. 1 move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The last vote taken was on
a motion to lay on the table, and the bill is now
in precisely the same stage. The motion is there-
fore not in oider.
Mr. KNAPP. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to excuse the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] from
voting.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. KNAPP called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. PoMERoyand
Vallandigiiam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, noes 112.
So (one fifth not voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays were not ordt red.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and it was nerordingly read the third time.
Mr. KELLOGG,of Illinois, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Air. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of ihe bill.
The yeas and nays weie oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the ttffiimative—yeas 86, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldruh, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxtei, Beamnn, Bmghiim, Samuel y. Blair, Blake,
Butfinton, Campbell, Ca>ej, Chambeilain, Claik, Cohax,
Fiedeiuk A Conklin^, Conway, Cutler, I")a\is Danes,
Dunn, Ed^etlon, Eliot, Rl\, Kenton, SamuelC. Fe^seinien,
Thomas A. I), h es eiiden, Fisher, Franchot, Fiank, Gooeh,
Goodwin, Grander, Guiley. Hooper, llutelnn*, Julian,
Kell'-y, Francis W. K< lloirg, William Keilogi:. Lansing,
Loonu?, Low, Melndoe, i\U-Kcan. MeKni2hr, MePheifon,
i >l<i'-ton, Mitchell, Mooihead, Atison P Vlon t|. Ju-tm S.
Motnii, Nimiii, Pattou,Tunoih) G Phelns, Pike, Pomeroj.
Porter, Alexander II. ltiee, John II. Pice. Kiddle, Edwairf
II. Roihns Sargent, Sedgwick, Shellabarsrer, Sherman,
Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Strati on. Train, Tiimbie,Trow-
lmd<£e,Van Horn, Van Vaikenbureh, Van Wyck, Verree,
Walker, Wall, Wallace, Wa&hburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
j| White, WiUoa, and Windom—86.
j| NAYS—Me.^rs. William Alien, Ancona, Bally, Biddle,
ij Jacob B. Blair, William G Brown, Calvert, Cobb, Cravens,
|| Crivfield, Crittenden, Delano, Diven, Duriiap, English,
jj Fouke. Glider, Haiglit, Hale, Hall, Harding, Holman, Hor-
!! ton. Johnson, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Lehman, Mullory,
