1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
May, Mavnnrd, Menz.r-s, Morris, Noble, Norton, Nugen,
Pendleton, P^rry, 3nhn S. Phelps. Puce, Robinson, Segnr,
Sheffield, rili j<> I. Sin j tli, Will jam G. Steel'1, Stiles. Benjamin
F. Thomas-, VaHanriigham, Voorhees. Wa<l<worth, Ward,
Chilton A. YV htte, Wtckliffe, Wood, Woodruff, Worcester.
Wright, and Yeamau—.r)9.
So the In 11 was passed.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONVENTION WITH PERU.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill to carry into effect
the convention between the United States and the
republic of Peru,
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPKOPIUATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire now that the civil
appropriation bill shall be disposed of. And I ask
that the usual recess be postponed till we have
disposed of it.
There being no objection, the hour for talcing
the recess was postponed.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the report of the Committee of the Whole on
thesuteof theUniononthecivilappropriation bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. When the bill was under con-
sideration m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of (he Union ir was agreed that a vote should
be taken in the House on my amendment to re-
duce the appropriation for the Capitol extension
from $500,000 to §100,000.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
a separate vote on the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment was not
adopted m committee. There being, on division,
no quorum present, I withdrew it with the under-
standing; that there should be a separate vote on
it in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that
there was any such agreement.
tylr. HOLMAN. It was agreed to on this side
of tin* House.
Mr. S FEVENS. I have no objection that that
amendment shall be offered and voted on.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to strike out of the
item fortheCapitol extension the sum of$500,000,
and insert in lien (he reof $100,000.
Mr. STEVENS. [ move the previous question
on ihe bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oidered.
The question was taken on all the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the (Jnion on whirh no separate vote was
demanded, and they were agreed to.
The amendments on which separate votes were
demanded were disposed of, as follows:
Strike oui lines two hundred and forty-four and two hun-
dred and lotty-five, " forstirveying.pnl.ilie lamWni (lie Ter-
ritory of Dakota, $5,000,'' and* in.-'crtin Jieu thereof as fol-
lows :
For Living out a military road fiom the terminus of the
Minnesota State road, on the ea-tern border of the Ter-
ritory ot Dakota, vrn Sioux Fall's City, to Yancton, Terri-
tory of Dakota, $o,000, to be expended underthe direction
ol the Heeretaty of the Interior.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 demand a
separate vote on the amendment, and I hope the
House will lefuse to agree to it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COVODE. I want to call the attention of
the House to a fraud practiced upon the House
on this subject.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. COVODE. Will you objcct to the expo-
sure of a fraud?
The next amendment was that offered by Mr.
Holman, to reduce the appropriation forwoikon jj
the Capitol extension from $500,000 to $100,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert as follows:
And mileage as now allowed by law to Senators, Repre-
sentatives--, and Delegates, shall be paid for the present s e«-
Plon by the proper officers of the Treasury, out of any
money not otherwise appropimted, as soon as certified by
the Presiding Officer of each House.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, demanded a sep-
arate vote, and called for th# yeas and nays.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ord<red; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Morrill, ofVermont, were ap-
poin ted.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 25, noes 90.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona. Babbitt, Haily,
William O llmwn, Campbell, Casey, Conway, Cravens,
Cnsfield, Crittenden, Davis-, Diven, Dunlap, Edgerton,
English, Samuel (J. Fesseiiden, Flanders Fouke, Fnuiehot,
Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gudov. Hale, ilali, Johnson,
Fianeis YV. Kelloc?, William KcIIol'l'. Kc •rrigan, Knnpp,
Lansing, Lar.ear, Loary,Lehman.Mallbry.Menzies. Mitch-
ell, Moorheud, Moiiis, Noble, IVoiton, Nu"en, Pendleton.
T.l.mttllT O !>!>,,I„. r*  ,-,r . tV ... .
Wright, and Yeaman—67.
NAYS—Mes5.1s.AMev, Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Sam-
uel 8. Bl.ur, Blake, Bitffinton, Calvert, Chamberlain, Clark,
Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Iio-coe Conkling,
Covode, Cutler, D.iwcs, Delano, Dunn, Eliot. Fenton,
Thoma  A. D. Fes>e den, Fisher, Frank, Gooeh, Hardin?,
flairison, Norton, Umclnns, Kelley, Looni^, Low, Me-
Kean, MeKmght, MePherson, Marston, An«on P Morrill,
JtiMin S. Morn!!, Nixon, Pattoiu Pike, Porter, Alexander
N. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Shef-
field, Shellabargei, Sherman, Spatikhng, William G. Steele,
Stratton, Benjamin P. Thomas,Train, Tiinible, Van Horn,
Van Valkenburgh, Van W\ek, Verree, Walker, VVa>h-
burne, Web&tci, VVheelei, Wilson, YVindom, and Worces-
ter—66. '
So the amendment was agieed to.
Dunne; the roll call,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Noell. He [Mr. Ashley] would have
voted " no," and Mr. Noell would have voted
"ay."
Mr. HOLMAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Potter.
The vote having: been announced,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out as fol-
lows:
Capitol Police :
Foi payment of arrearages to Capitol police, due under
the act of July 120, 1834, $9,500.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded a separate vote.
Mr. MA YNARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed,and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ing! n-nd the third time, and passed.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I desire to state that I
voted for the mih-age in order to kill the bill.
[Laughter 1 I voted against the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. And I also. [Laughter.]
CONVENTION WITH PERU.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
to state that on Senate bill No. 554 I voted against
Mr. Holman's amendment under the impression
that the vote was on the bill, and 1 change my
vote fiom the negative to the affiimative.
The SPEAKER. The House wiii (now quar-
ter to five o'clock, p. m.) take a recess till seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven,p. m.
MILITARY CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER fciid before the Hou«e a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a statement of expenditures for the contin-
gent expenses of the military department for the
year 1862; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be pnnted.
IXT15IU0R DEPARTMENT EXPKNSKS.
The SPEAKER also hud before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to the resolution of May 14, li$G2, rel-
ative to res motions o ("expenditures for the vai lous
branches of the Interior Department; which was
laid on the table, and oideied to be printed.
ALBERT 15KOVVN.
Mr. MARSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to disehnrge the Committee of j
the Whole House on the PrivateCM-'-ndar from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 475, for j
the relief of Albert Brown.
Mr. JOHNSON. I.object. -
Mr. MARSTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken on suspending £be
rules, and while the House was dividing,
Mr. MARSTON" withdrew the motion,.
PRINTING PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
repented buck joint resolution (S. No. 123) to ex-
pedite the printingof the President's message and
accompanying documents, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute.
The amendment was read. It provides thai
instead of furnishing manuscript copies to each
House of Congress, the head soft he several Depart-
ments of the Government shall furnish to the Super-
intendent of Public Printing copies of the docu-
ments usually accompanying their annual reports
on oi before the 1st day of November in each year,
whose duty it shall be to print, in addition to the
number now required by law, two thousand cop-
ies for the use of the Senate, and five thousand for
the use of the House, and deliver the same to the
proper officer of each House on or before the first
Monday of December in each year; also, one thou-
sand copies to the head of the Department, &c.
The amendment was agreed to, and the joint
resolution, as amended, was read the third time,
and passed.
PRINTING OF AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed by the Superintendent of
Public Punting, under the dueetiou of the Commissioner
ol Agriculture, one hundred thousand extra copies of the
repoi t ol the Department of Agneulttne for 1862, tor the use
of the preseiujiouse, and fifty thousand tor distribution by
the Department.
Mr. PORTER, f ask the gentleman to permit
me to offer an amendment reducing the number
for the Commissioner of Agriculture from fifty
thousand to twenty thousand copies.
Mr. CLARK. I do not yield at present. I
will state that last year the order was two hun-
dred thousand copies for the House,and ten thou-
sand for the use of the Department. This year
the Department ask for a larger number; but it
will be seen that we have cut down the number
for distribution by the House one half.
Mr. DAWES. You have not cut down the
number allowed the Department.
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; that has been in-
creastd.
Mr. DAWES. How much?
Mr. CLARK. From ten thousand to fifty
thousand.
Mr. DAWES. I think you might as well let
the DepMi-tmenf have them all.
Mr. PORTER. If 1 have the floor, I now sub-
mit the amendment which I indicated, to reduce
the number for the Department from fifty thousand
to twenty thousand, and I will state that if the
amendment is adopted it will save the Government
$30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the cases of J. D. Parker
and Juan A. Robinson.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the followingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the report
of the Smithsonian Institution lot 1862 be printed, three
thousand foi the Ciniih->onian Institution and two thousand
for the uhc of the members of the ptesent House.
GENERAL POPE'S REPORT.
Mr. CLARK, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Rcioli e<t. That ten ihou.-nnrt copter of the official report
of Major Geneinl John Pope's- campaign in Virginia be
printed for the use of the member* ol the present {louse.
The House divided on the adoption of the res-
olution, and there were—ayes 50, noes 34; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. WOOD called for tellers.
Tellers wei e oi dered ; and Messrs. Aye oka and
Van Wyck were appointed.
The'House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 25; no quorum voting.
