1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQJ3E.
loudly than words could express it, "let the
Union perish, but let slavery live!"
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I think the only manifestation I
have given to the House on that subject was in
answer to a question he asked mo. He used the
figure of a ship, with the Union and slavery on
board of it, and he asked me, if it was necessary
to avoid disaster to throw one or the other over*
hoard, which would 1 throw overboard? I told
him that I would throw him and the abolitionists
overboard, and save both. Xhat was all i said.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that if
there is any further disturbance in the galleries,
it will be his duty to have the galleries cleared.
This is a dehbeiative body.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will put the question to the
gentleman now, if it is necessary to free all the
slaves and enlist them in order to save the Union,
whether he is willing; that it shall be done?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will play the Yankee
on you, and ask you a question in return. If the
Union is to be saved or the negroes freed, are you
in favor of emancipating the slaves and of letting
the Union slide? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 am in favor of saving the
Union first, last, and forever, by any means and
all means, by abolishing slavery or by not abol-
ishing it, as it can best be done. That is what I
am in favor of. Now, I want the gentleman to
answer my question.
Mr. McPHERSON. If it is in my power, I
object to any further interruption, unless the gen-
tleman yields the floor unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
cannot yield the door if there be objection.
Mr. Mcpherson, Weii, i object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Air. Speaker, there was much
said by the gentleman from Kentucky which does
not need any reply. I wish, however, to refer for
a moment to the manner and language of the gen-
tleman, and to the spirit which he manifested to-
ward our generals—one of them, at least—in the
field, lie speaks of General Hunter as "this man
Hunter." Is he, then, some obscure, unworthy
individual, whom the nation knows nothingabout,
or knows only to contemn J Some one here has
said that I never praise any one. I am not very
much given to personal eulogy, I confess; but the
whole nation isawai e thatGenerul Hunter is a man
whose character is pure beyond suspicion, brave i
beyond doubt; and, (hough characterized by the
gentleman as "this man Liunter," bears to-day
honorable scars upon his person, which he re-
ceived on the battle-field in the service of his coun-
try. Sir, shall one of the ablest and purest office is
in our Army, even now leading on our soldiers m
this great death-struggle for national life, be char-
acterized in tlnx manner? General Butler, too, is
spoken of, and in still harshei^anguage. The gen-
tleman does not give him his title, but calls him
" Mister" instead of " General" Butler, and re-
fers sneeringly to the sword which this House
voted him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules any remarks
about the swoid out of order. The subject ia not
before the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, the subject wasbrought
before the House by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I think that if no one makes the pointof
order, the Chair hardly ought to do it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes the point
on (he gentleman.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The Chair allowed the gen-
tleman to go on; and now, if he will allow me to
go on, it will be all right. I want to call attention
to the striking contrast between the language em-
ployed when speaking of loyal generals like Gen-
eral Hunter and General Butler, and that em-
ployed by the gentleman when he came to speak
of Twiggs, the traitor—a man who has betrayed
his country after being educated at its expense and
loaded with its honors. The gentleman speaks of
him—Twiggs, whose memory will rot—as a brave
man, who received these swords for honorable
service. He speaks m language of the utmost
deference and respect of the perfidious traitor who
' raised his bloody hand against his country, and
basely abandoned the loyal soldiers whom he
could not corrupt. This recreant officer, who aban-
doned the testimonials of his country to the cus-
tody of a negress, in the estimation of the gentle-
man is an honorable and brave man; but these
loyal generals, who are devoting their best ser-
vices to their country,are spoken of as " this man
Hunter," and " the infamous Butler." Sir, I pro-
test against the use of such language, not only in
the name of justice, but in the name of common
decency. Sir, a fellow-feeling makes us wondrous
kind.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman will allow
me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; not unless the gen-
tleman can answer my question.
„ Mr. WICKLIFFE. He misrepresents my lan-
guage; and I have a right to interrupt him.
The SPEAKER. Not without the gentleman's
consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I appeal to the reporters, and
ask them not to change the gentleman's language
at the Globe office to-night, and it will be seen
whether 1 misrepresent him.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not care where you
look for it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not yield at present.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Have I not a right to
make a personal explanation?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
from Illinois yields for that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Very well; let him go
along. The country knows the gentleman, and
knows me, too.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is true; and I thank
God for it. [Laughter.] The gentleman says
that General Butler has bccome demoralized,and
he has to assign some reason for that demoraliza-
tion; because General Butler was recently one of
the gentleman's political associates, and was then
a high-minded, chivalrous, honorable man, as
everybody is, indeed, who is in the interest of
those who live upon the unrequited toil of their
fellow-men. So there must be some reason as-
signed for his sudden change from an honorable
and chivalrous gentleman to an infamous man;
and what was it? Why, that the demoralization
is the result of having had the command of ne-
groes, or, to use the language of the gentleman,
"niggers"—a word 1 never use, because, in the
first place, it is vulgar, and, in the second place,
the Secretary of Stale is reported to have said that
no one will ever he President who says " nigger."
[Great laughter.] Aspiiants will please take notice.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know that 1 am
prepared to take issue with the gentleman on that
point; hut 1 want to suggest this: if the military
command of negroes woiked such a wonderful
and sudden transformation as that which the gen-
tleman portrays in the case of General Butler,
what kind of a t ransfoi ination and demoralization
does the command of a plantation of negroes woi k
during the long life of a slaveholder who can say
to this man, "go, and he goeth," and to another,
"com", and he cometh," and to this man, " do
this, and he doeth it;" and who, perhaps, is one
whose own hand has buried the knotted scourge
deep in the quivering flesh of woman ? Sir, I be-
lieve that such authoi itv does demoralize men. 1
have no doubt of it. We see exemplifications of
it everywhere, even within this Hall. It has
worked a wonderful trausfoimation in the char-
acter of the slaveholder, having well-nigh eaten
out the pufnotimn of the entne class. It has
worked a wondeifui demoralization in the heart
of the people, from which, I thank God, they are
recovering. It has well-nigh benumbed the con-
science of the nation on the question of human
liberty, extending, like the electric fish, its stupe-
fying influence far beyond the point of contact.
If it had not infiltrated its vi.us all over the na-
tion, thcie could be no question about the enact-
ment of a law like that now before the House.
The nation would rise up m the justice of God,
and m the power of its own might, and decree
freedom to every human being within the limits
of this free Republic. It demoralizes to have com-
mand of negroes, quotha? I have no doubt of it,
especially if the relation is that of slaveholder
and slave. It has wo  ked a most wondei ful de-
moralizing transformation on those who have con-
trolled the political destinies of fifteen States of
the Union, and who have now gone into rebellion
to fight for the perpetuity of then* ai istocratic and
exclusive power. Sir, while we have th*-se living
exemplifications of the degradation which is pro-
duced by the command over slaves, I shall not
deny or contest the point.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 want to come to a fact or
two. I will ask the gentleman a question.., Here,
was one Robert Small, who took a rebel vessel
out of the harbor of Charleston, and carried it
the loyal fleet. I would like to know from the
gentleman from Kentucky whether he would have
received that vessel at the hands of Robert Sma},l „
the runaway slave? * ,
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would just as soon as
I would receive anything from you. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is a further exempli-
fication of the degradation which this thing wotk$.
[Laughter.] I would like to know from that gen-
tleman whether, if he had received the^essel, he
would have sent back Robert Small, the fugitive
slave, to his master? I would like to know from
any of those gentlemen over there, who get up
and prate about feeding these contrabands, as they
are termed, about receiving ..them into our camps,,
and giving them food to prevent them from starv-
ing, and clothing to keep them from perishing,
would you have sent back Robert Small? I beg
for an answer. I would like the gentleman from
Kentucky to answer that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will answer no more of
your questions. [Laughter.]
Mr. B1DDLE. I mu«t remind the gentleman
from Illinois that the act of Congress is the an-
swer to his question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has shown more wisdom in refusing to an-
swer my questions than he has manifested on any
occasion since he has been a member of Congress.
[Laughter.]
Now a word in relation to the object of the war,
which is often paraded heie, and, although hon-
estly believed by the masses who read their
speeches, dishonestly stated by those who make
them. The gentlemen make a dishonest state-
ment when they say that the Republicans are in
favor of carrying on this war as an anti-slavery
or abolition war. I am thought tolerably radical,
I believe. And yet I have never pleaded for the
war with that as an ultimate object in view; but,
on the other hand, I have, again and again, dis-
tinctly disavowed it on this floor. The Republic-
ans did not make the war for any purpose. The
rebels make war to destroy the nation; we to
save it. And the gentleman, whether intentionally
or not, misrepresents the facts when he says that
there is any member on this floor who desires to
prosecute this war os an abolition war, as an
anti-slavery war. " But," say gentlemen, "you
want to do away with slavery." Certainly.
" Why'" Because in suppieswmg the rebellion
and preserving the Union it is necessaiy as a
means, and not as an end; although God knows
the mrans are just such means as I desire to be
used. We gain a double object. That I never
deny. How "is it with a company of firemen in the
city of New York, when the flames are sweeping
from block to block, leaping from one street to
another, and devouring everything in their path?
The firemen, it may be, find it necessary, when
they come to the marble palace of Stewart, to
cease throwing water, and put powder under and
blow it up; and these Democratic constitutional
croakers come up and say, " you were organized
to put out fire, and not to blow up houses. Men
have a constitutional right to their private prop-
erty, and you are destroying it." Yet have they
not the right to destroy u ? Yes. As an ultimate
purpose ? No; but as a means to extinguish the
llames; and the mayor orders it,although sworn
to protect the property of the citizen. And so we
have a right to explode this infernal bastil" of sla-
very in order to preserve the glorious temple of
constitutional freedom and the great interests of
the country. That is precisely the relation which
abolition and emancipation sustain to this war.
When the President declared that if he could bet-
ter save the'Union without liberating a slave, he
would do it, I responded " Amen." I said, " if
you can do so, Mr. President, in God's name, do
it." I say so now, and say u honestly. But I
say it is ev idem to any one who is not infatuated,
as it seems to me, that it cannot be done. I would
not imitate the gentleman from Kentucky in using
any improper language; but it does seem to me
that the man who advocates leaving these slaves
in the hands of the rebels, to toil for them, to raise
subsistence for their armies, dig their trenches,
throw up their mtrenchments, and fire theirguns,
is a fair candidate for an insane asylum, or else he
is in sympathy with the traitois; for certainly
