THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
nothing else could so blind hirft. That is pre-
cisely the relation which the anti-slavery men and
the measures they propose sustain to this rebel-
lion, in emancipating and using the slave.
And now, in regard to " general Sambo," " col-
onel Sambo,"or "captain Sambo." Why, sir,
I do not advocate putting white men under black
officers. Nobody else does or ever did* But, as
God is my judge, I would rather follow the black
Tftan than a slaveholder as an officer, fori would
expect that the one would betray me, whatever
his ability, while 1 am sure the other would be
loyal and t*ue,and fight it out. [Laughter.] That
is my individual opinion, and a very correct one,
I believe. I would like to see fu\me of these gen-
tlemen sinking in the river, just going under;
having sunk twice, and about to go down the third
time, beyond which there is no rescue or resusci-
tation; ! would like to see them sinking, out in
the current, with a black man on shore throwing
out a coil of rope, as the Spaniard does his lasso,
right before the sinking Democrat. I would like
to see the Democrat who would not grasp the
means of safety thus afforded; and when " colonel
Sambo" or " captain Sambo" drew him ashore,
he would not have been performing half so good
a service as he would if lie were shooting the rebels.
[Laughter.]
Another position of anti-slavery men is misun-
derstood in this: that we claim that the black man
shall be enlisted on his? own account. We do
no such thing. The black man is of no conse-
quence, and neither is the white man, in compari-
son with the life of the nation. Wo are to use the
black man just at such times and in such modes
as can best promote the preservation of the Union
and establish the supremacy of the Constitution
and of the laws. That is the" position. And now,
if these gentlemen are honest, they never will re-
peat their misrepresentations hereafter.
41 Would I arm negroes ?" Ay, sir, not only
would I arm negroes, but I w< u'id arm mulew
and make them shooting machine* to kill rebels,
if J could. I would employ the lowestand feeblest
agency in this war with the highest and mightiest.
] would enlist the most stupid man that could carry
and use a musket,and at the same time play upon
theartiliery of heaven Vs wrath Mil every rebel were
dead, or penitent and submissive to the authority
of the Constitution.
Sir, would any one object to employing the ne-
gro to put out the flames that are consuming the
dwelling in which, perhaps, are those who are
dearer to us than life? And shall we not use him
to save the nation's life? Sir, it is infatuation.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman vn'ld to me ?
Mr. LOVKJOY. For how long' "
Mi. DUNN. For perhaps ten "minutes.
Mr. LOVKJOY, 1 will yield the gentleman ten
minutes of my time.
Mr. DUNN. I am obliged to the o-onth man
from because f have a purpose in inter-
rupting him just here. I do not wish to delay
action upon this bill by discussing the merits of
Democracy. I have no especial regard for that
institution, but I am afraid that such general,
sweeping denunciations of the Democratic party
as the gentleman hasindulged in may have a bad
effect. I,at least, have full faith in the loyalty of
the great masses of the people of the loyal States,
no matter to what party they may belong.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say a single woid
right there. The gentleman's faith in the loyalty
of the great masses of t he people of J he country is
well grounded. This loyalty exists all over the
country among all political classes—I have here-
tofore expressed my faith as strongly as I could —
as a great heaving ocean of patriotism. I believe
in it now; and I am looking forward with pleasure
to tiie time when those false leaders, who would
lead the masses out of the path of loyalty and
nationalism, shall be buried beneath that ocean.
Mr. DUNN. 1 am very glad we agree in this
matter. 1 am very giad, too, that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Wickijffe] has had full
freedom of debate upon tins occasion. He seems
to be a lingering relic of that dynasty which for so
long a period tyrannized over tins country.
The gentleman asci ibes to me a sentiment which
I never entertained, and never expressed—that I
had abandon* d my faith m the ability of the white
men of the North to crush out this rebellion.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. Will thegentleman allow
me to correct him5
Mr. DUNN. I cannot yield.
Mr. WICKLIFPE. I claim the right to cor-
rect the gentleman.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman refused to yield
to me, and I must decline to yield now.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman misrep-
resents what I said, and I claim the right under
the rules to correct him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
right under the rules to make a correction without
the consent of the gentleman who holds the floor.
Mr. DUNN. When this rebellion broke out
there was noman in this House more averse than
I was to the employment of negroes in this war.
I thought there was a loyal sentiment in the
hearts of the white people at the South, which
would develop itself during the progress of this
war, and make itself efficient in sustaining the
power of this Government in every State of the
Union. In this 1 have been disappointed as to
the white men; but I have made another discov-
ery. I find that there is in all those rebellious
States a large population which, although their
skins may be dark, yet have hearts in sympathy
with my Government in this struggle. And if
they are willing to brave the perils of war in de-
fense of the nation, if they are willing to risk
their lives in this war, in which they have so deep
an interest, I see no reason why they should not
take part with us in carrying it on.
The gentleman puts a ease, and I wish to call
the attention of the House to it. The gentleman
said that if a black captain should be taken pris-
oner we would wish to exchange him for a white
rebel captain; and he speaks as if that would be
a great outrage upon the rights of the white pop-
ulation. Sir, I believe that a black man, private
or officer, who fights for my country, is better
than a traitor to my country, though the traitor's
Anglo-Saxon skin may be so white and ^o thin
that you may see through it the veins of his face.
I see no reason why we may not place the man
who figlits for the count ry, not only upon the same
platform, and claim for him a position as the
equal, but as the superior of the man who fights
against my country.
1 would suppose, from the remaiks of the
gentleman from Kentucky, that he would deem it
an especial misfortune if a rebel should be ediot by
a black man. f should think, from his argument,
that if hiN own son were fighting in this war, he
Would rather that he should be shot down by a
white traitor than for his life to be saved by a black
man. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 have a son in this war;
he is fighting on the right side, sir; and I would
rather that his life should be saved by a true and
loyal black man than that he should go down to
the grave beneath the stroke of a white traitor.
The gentleman, as I understood him, proposed
to introduce a resolution to inquire into the con-
duct of Geneial lhnler.it New Oi leans. I hope
when heroes that he v. ill also extend ins inquiry
into the conduct of General Jackson at New Or-
leans. Did he nor lead black men there,ami did
he not, by their assistance, win a victory which
has made his name immortal, and did he not
thank them m his public orders for their excellent
conduct on that occasion r Sir, when you attack
the conduct of General Butler as to organizing
and arming negro troops, you must go back and
j attack also the nvmoiy of the hero of the battle
! of New Orleans of 1814.
Mr. WICKLIFPE. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a wmd ?
Mr. DUNN. No, sir. I decline to yield. I
understand that General Jackson and his white
volunteers in arms fought side by side at the bat-
tle of New Orleans wth black men, not in the
same companies, perhaps, but on the same field.
And,,sir, we know that Commodore Perry won
his most brilliant victory on Lake Erie by the
help of black sailors. We know, too, that in the
revolutionary war black men were used to fi<?ht on
our side, and that they weie used also to fisht on
the British side when they could be induced to
espouse the cause of our enemies. We have the
testimony of Commodore Stringham as to the
value of black men in the naval service, and his
judgment that it is proper to employ them in
j such service. You will recollect also the statr-
I ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
! Stevens] as to the testimony of Captain Wood-
| hull m respect to the black i«"ii under his com-
i mand, commending them for the spirit with which
they handled the guns, and for the bravery arid
gallantry which they displayed in battle. We
know, too, that the rebels use this class of per-
sons in every way for accomplishing their pur-
poses in this rebellion; and when they cannot
obtain their services voluntarily they force them,
as they did at Yorktown, to take a front place
on the ramparts.
Now, sir,! have another object in the employ-
ment of these men, and 1 am willing here to avow
it. It is this: we have not only to conquer this
• rebel country, but \tffc have to hold it after it is
conquered. We have for a time to hold n by
force of arms; and the question arises whether we
shall send our men of the North there to perish in
southern swamps and sickly localities, or whether
we shall make use of that population which, from
their peculiar physical adaptation, can brave the
malaria of that climate like alligators? If they
are ignorant of the use of arms, instruct them in
that use. Teach their " hands to war, and their
fingers to fight.'' Are they so brutalized that
they will not fight fortheir own liberty? Shall wo
receive them and educate them to arms for this
purpose, or shall we send our own sons there?
But the gentleman says that the employment of
these people will turn this into a barbarous war.
Why, sir, is it possible that these people, who for
generations have been under the humanizing, civ-
ilizing, christianizing influence of slavery, are still
such barbarians that we cannot safely put arms
in their hands [laughter] without the commission
by them of barbarous outrages upon their benefi-
cent masters? What has become of the christian-
izing influence of slavery?
No, sir; put arms.in the hands of these men,
and let them, if they will, shoot down the rebels,
who would shoot, down our brothers, our sons,
and our friends. If you do not choose to have
your sons aided by such means, I do choose to
have mine. My son was in the battle ofVicks-
burg, and there, I understand, black men, forced
perhaps by their masters to take up arms against
the CHiise they love, fought in the ranks of our
enemies. Gentlemen rise here and denounce
us because we propose to secure e\;ery means we
can to bring this war to a successful termination.
What if white men can put down this rebellion?
Shall we not spare this precious white blood if we
can find black men in the South who have a two-
fold inducement to take part in this contest? Do
you hold the white man of the North at a lower
price than the market value of your slaves. Their
blood, the blood of our soldiers now in the field,
is dear to our hearts. It is above price. We
cannot estimate its value by all the treasures of
earth.
Now, sir, shall we hesitate in this matter? We
do not hesitate to fire into the forts of the South.
We do not hesitate to destroy their ships, and
all of their property which may be used against
us in tins war. We do not hesitate to strike down
white men in arms against us. But we must pro-
tect slave property, as it is more precious than the
blood of our kindred and friends, is this prop-
erty, as it is called, to he held as more precious
than the blood which courses in the veins of the
noble sons of the North?
The gentleman said—and it is a statement fre-
quently fa rule by him-—that the money which
should have been paid to our soldiers or expended
for their benefit has been employed in feeding and
clothing idle and lazy contrabands. ! tried atthe
time to correct him. It is but a few days since
that General Meigs, the Cluartermaster General,
told mc that such was not the ease. He author-
ized me to say so. Negroes are employed as team-
sters and otherwise, and from their pay the Gov-
ernment deducts a part which goes to support those
in the contraband camps. He told me also that they
want more negro laborers than they can get heie.
The Navy wants them. The Navy has applied to
him for them to serve on our ships-of-war and
other vessels as stevedores and for other service,
but he cannot furnish them.
The gentleman said that the rebels had shot the
nesro prisoners taken down South. Certainly th^y
have. But these negroes, I suppose, in his esti-
mation, are not men? They are nothuman beings'
They have not the rights of humanity ? When
the blacks espouse our cause, to help us fight our
battles, and when they are taken prisoneis, they
arc not to be treated aspiisoners of war. 1 want
to know whether that is the treatment to which
