1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Washington, by the Commissioner of Public Building*, or
any other authorized otiieer. shall he deemed invalid iu
low for tlie want of an acknowledgment b.v said Commis-
sioner or oiher authorized officer bet'ore such judicial offi-
cers as deed.-  of real property made between individuals are
required by law to be acknowledged.
The amendments were concurred in.
COLLECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
An act (H. R. No. 551) to equalize and estab-
lish the compensation of the collectors of the cus-
toms on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers, returned 'from tiie Senate with
amendments.
The amendments were read.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move that the House
concur in the Senate amendments. 1 would de-
sire to have a committee of conference, but it
seems impossible to get it at this late hour. . 1
move the previous question upon theamendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the Senate amendments were
agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS, ETC.
An act (H. R. No. 615) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the collection of duties
on imports, and for other purposes," approved
July 13,1861, and an act entitled "An act to con-
fiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses," approved August G, 1861, and all other
acts on tliutsubject, returned from the Senate with
amendments.
The Senate amendments were read, and agreed
to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF MONTANA.
An act (H. It. No. 738) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana, returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments were read.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the House non-
concur m the Senate amendments, and ask a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that will not bedone.
I should somewhat hesitate to try the experiment
of the gentleman fiom Ohio, « ft tend of this hill,
at this very lute hour of the session, thereby send-
ing it back to the Senate,and hence to h commit-
tee of conference. I am as desirous of the pas-
sage of this bill as he is, but at the sumo time it is
better to concur in the Senate amendments as they
now stund, rather than to risk the loss of the bill
entirely.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from California for his advice. The
Committee on Tei niories have had this matter in
charge, and 1 ask this House to non-concur in the
Senate amendments, and ask a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. SARGENT. I was not offering advice to
the gentleman from Ohio. 1 do not presume to
give him information on this or any subject; but
as the bill relates to the erection of a Territory upon
the Pacific, and as I am anxious for the passage
of the bill, as I believe the gentleman himself is,
I suggested to the House—not to the gentleman—
that it might be well not to hazard the passage of
the bill by non-concurring in the amendments of
the Seriate at tins late hour of the session. That
seems to me to be good policy, i made the sug-
gestion to the House, and thegentleman is under
no obligation to me. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Is this a mere contest
between the two names of Montana and Idaho?
Mr. ASHLEY, Oh, no; there is a change in
the boundaries as well as in the name. I call for
tellers on concurring m the amendments of the
Senate.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendments were concurred in—ayes 65,
noes 33.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to lay
the hill on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Choir thinks not, at this
time. The House has agreed to theamendments
of the Senate, which was all that the House could
do.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which theamendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
* WILL*OF CAPTAIN LEVY, DECEASED.
Jointresolution (S. No. 137) in relation to prop-
erty devised to the people of the United States by
Uriah P. Levy, deceased, was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to a third reading, and accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, informed the House that he
had approved and signed joint resolution of the
House in relation to telegraph companies in the
District of Columbia, and joint resolution of the
House authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue American registers to certain vessels
therein named.
LINE OFFICERS OF TUB NAVY.
Bill of the Senate (No. 427) t£> amend the act
entitled "An act to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July 16, 1862, was read a first and sec-
ond time.
_ Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; arid, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votesof thetwo Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to bill of the
House No. 770, to amend an act entitled 44 An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment and pay interest on ilie public debt,"ap-
proved July 1, 1862, and for other puiposes.
The message furtherannounced that the Senate
had agreed to the report, of the committee of con-
feience on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the House to the bill of the
Senate (No. 554) to carry intoeffectthe convention
between the United Stales and the republic of
Pern, signed at Lima on the 12th of January,
1863, for the settlement of claims.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Rills, repoited thai the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; when the Speak-
er signed the same:
An act (H. R, No. 663) to establish a branch
mint of the United States m the Territory of Ne-
vada;
An act (H. R. No. 779) to modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 151) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of the brig General Armstrong.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Bill of the Senate (No. 439) to amend an act
entitled "An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean," was read a first and
second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the ninth section of that bill makes an
appropriation in effect, and that it must have its
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It provides for paying
out of the Treasury money that otherwise would
remain there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to suspend the rule
requiring a bill containing an appropriation to
have its first consideration in the Committee vf
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
83, nays 52; as follows:
YEA.®—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold, A-hley, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake,
William G. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell, Casey, Clark,
Collax, Covode, Culler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, [)unn,Ed-
gerion, Eliot, Ely, Fentoa, Fisher, Flanders Franehot,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Hahn, Haight, Hale,
Hooper, Hatch ins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogs, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Learv, Lehman, Loomt-s, Low, M<*Kean,
MarstoTi,Mitchell,Moorhead, Nixon. Norton,Olin, Patton,
Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Puce, Alexander [I. Rice, John
U. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shank-, Shiel, Sloan, Smith. Stevens, Stratum, Fiancia
Thomas,Tram,Trimble, Trowbudge, Van Horn, Van Val-
kenburgh. Verree. Walker, Wallace, Ward, Washburne,
Albert S. White, Wilson, and Wood—83.
NAYS—Mcssr-. William Allen, Aacona, Baker, Biddle,
Jacob B. Blair, 'Samuel S Blair, Calvert, Chamberlain,
Frederick A. Conkliny, Ito-coe Conkhng, Conwa\, Cra-
ven<,Crisfield, Crittenden, DHaplaine, Diven, Dunlap.Eng-
lish,Thomas A. D. Fe&senden, Haidine, Harrison, [lolman,
Johnson, Kerrigan, Law, Lazear, McKnight, MePherson,
Mallory,May, Maynard, Menzies, Justin S. Motrin, Noble,
Pendleton, Pike. Porter. Robinson, Sheffield, Shellabargor,
Sherman. Spaulding. Sules, Voorhee*, Wad-worth, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Whaley, Wiekhffe, Windoin, Woodruff,and
Yeaman—52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rule requiring the bill to be considered in the Com-
miitee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
not suspended.
The bill was then referred to lhe Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. J move to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of going into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to consider
this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make the point of
order that the House is now in execution of the
order under a suspension of the rules, and that
another motion to suspend the rules cannot be en-
tertained until that order is carried out. And an-
other point of order is that tins bill could not be
taken up in committee without unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the first
point of order. The other point would have to
be decided in committee.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint reso-
lutions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R No. 152) to confirm the
adverse derision of the Court of Claims in the
case of R. R. Ward and others, assignees of Ja-
cob Barkei ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) authorizing
the appointment of a commissioner to revise and
codify the naval laws of the United States.
CONVENTION WITH PERU.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two House*
on the amendments of the House to Senate bill
No. 554, to carry into effect the convention be-
tween the United States and the republic of Peru,
signed at Lima, on the 12th of January, 1863, foi
the settlement of claims, reported that the com-
mittee had agreed to recommend to their respect-
ive Houses that the House recede from us amend-
ments, and that the Senate bill be amended as
follows:
Strike out " §5,000" and insert#4,500;'' so as to make
the salaries of the commissioners and solicitor or agent
$4,500 each.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the report be
laid upon the table.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J Allen, An-
cona Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clem-
