1863.
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE,
1548
ent?, Frederick A. Conkling, Cravens, Crittenden, Dela-
piatne, Ouulap, Samuel C. Fe^enden. Frank, Harding,
Uartison. [lolm.tn, Keuigan, Landing, Law, *May, Morris,
Noble, Norton. Nu^en, Poit';r. Price, Robinson, Shiel,
Sufi?-!, Tumble, Van Wyek. Wad-worth, Webster, Chil-
ton A. White, Wood, and Yeaman—37.
NAYsJ—.MesMS. Aidsieh, Alley, A.-hley, Babbitt, Baker,
Bingham, fc?amu«>l ri. Blair, Blake, Buffinton,Casey, Cham-
berlain, CJark, Cobb, Colfax, Conway, Oovode, Crt-tiehl,
Cutler, D.iw«!=, D.ven, Dunn, Edgertoh, Eliot, Ely, Teuton,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Flanders, Gooeh, Good-
win, Grnngci, Halm, flaight, Hale, Hooper, Norton, dutch
iiH, Julian, Kelley, Francis VV, Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Leury, Lehman, Low, Melndoe, Mclteau, McPherson,
Mitchell, MooHiead, Ju^tm S. Moirili, Nixon, Olin, Pat-
ton,Timothy O Phelps, Pomorov, Alexander II. Riee^ John
If. lliee, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segai,
Sheffield, Shellabargei, Sherman, Smith, John it Steele,
Steven*-. Str.itton, Benjamin 1\Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Ti.un, Van Horn. Van Valkenburgli, Vnree, Walker, Wal-
lace, Ward, Wa-hbtirue, Wheeler, Wlialey, Albert 9.
White, Wilson, VVindom, Woodruff, and Worcester—85.
So the report wits not laid on the table.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the report was asreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
the hill of the House authorizingthe Secretary of
the Navy to remit certain penalties, with an amend-
ment; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL,
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of ihe two Houses
on the internal revenue bili, reported that the com-
mittee had agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to the sixth
and seventh amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment:
I'age 8, section one, line seven,  triko out all after the
word"k< law," down to and including the woid "eatmsi-
hou^e'' in line fourteen, and m liuu thereof insert, (i but
nothing heiem contained shall authorize the sale of any
spirits, liquors, wines, or malt liquors to be drank on the
premises: Piol ufcrf,That no prison licensed to keep a hotel,
inn, or tavern, shall bo allowed to sell any liquor to be taken
off the piemUes; and no person licensed to keep an eating-
house shall be allowed to sell -spintuouh or vinous iiquon ;
and no person who lia& taken out a license to keep a hotel,
inn, o! tavern, hhali be requited to take out a license as a
tobacconist, because of any tobacco or cigars furnished in
the u^ual course ot busmen asthe keeper oi hotel, tavern,
or eatmg-hon-.e.'''
That the House recede fiom its disagreement to the thir-
tieth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: page 2G, line twenty-fom, after
the word uotl.'J in-ert the woids "distilled spirit:*, cotton
or woolen fabi ics."
Thdt the Ilonse recede from KMlisagreenient to the foi ty-
fifth amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the same with
the following amendment: at the end of the said Senate
amendment add the woid " doliats."
That thfc;.IIou-«c recedcfiom itsriisagrcem^nttothe forty-
seventh amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its fifty-first and fifty-sixth
amendments.
Tnar the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the thirty-first section of the
bill, and agree to the same.
The question was taken on agreeing to the re-
port of the committee; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the import was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRJLL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed fifteen thousand coptes
of the act to amend an act toprovide internal revenue, and
that ten thousand copies of the same fhall be for the use ot
the members of this House, and five thousand for the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
ABANDONED PROPERTY.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 544, to provide for the col-
lection of abandoned property, and for the pre-
vention of frauds in insurrectionary districts with-
in the United States.
The bill received its several readings.
Mr. WADSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on th<* passage of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the bill
upon the table; and on that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Calvert, Clements Frederick A. Oonkhng,
Roscoe Conkling, Ci isfield, Crittenden, Delano, ftelnplame,
Duulap. English, Gndcr, Hall, Harding, Harrison, Uolman,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Mallory, May. Mitchell, Morris,
Noble, Noiton, Pendleton, Price, Sheffield, Siuel, Stiles,
Francis Thomas, Tram, Webster, Wickhfte,Wood,Wood-
ruff, and Yeatnan—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Atdrich, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buflhiton, Campbell,'Casej,
Chamberlain, Claik, Colfax, Conway, Cutlei, Davis,
Dawes, Dunn, Edgerfon. Efiot, Ely, Fenrotu SmnnelC
Fessenden, Thomas A. L). Fessenden, Fisher, Fiandets,
Franchor, Gooch, Goodwill, Gianger, Guiley, Hahn,
Hatyht, Hale, Hooper, Horton, IJuteiuns, K<-iiey, William
Kellogg, Lehman, Low, Melndoe, McKean. McKuight,
MePherson, iMarston, Moorhead, An<?on P. Morrill, Patron,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porneroy, Alexander H. Rice,
Edward II. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabar-
ger, Sherman, Smith, Spauldins, Stevens, Stratum, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyek,
Verreo, Wallace, Wrwhbuiue. Wheelet, Whaley, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Windoin, and Worcester—77.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. WADSWORTH called for the reading of
the bill.
The hill was read.
Mr. WADSWORTH calledfortellerson order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was passed.
Mr. WASIIBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the bill was passed; andalso moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A.messagefrom the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill to enable the people of Nevada Territory to
form a constitution and State government, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr, Hay, his Private Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed the following acts and joint resolution:
An act establishing a branch mint of the Uni-
ted Slates in the Territory of Nevada;
An act modifying existing laws imposing duties
on impoits, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution to confirm the adverse decis-
ion of the Court of Claims in the case of the brig
General Armstrong.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; to which the sig-
nature of the Speaker was thereupon appended: -
- A bill (S. No. 555) to incorporate the National
Academy of Sciences;
An act (II. R. No. 599) relating to the validity
of deeds of public squares fCffd lots in the city of
Washington;
An act (H. R. No. 725) to grant a pension of
eight dollars per month, during her widowhood,
to Elizabeth Housener; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) fixing the pay
of the commandant of the navy-yard at Mare
Island, California.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, their Seci etary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
a bill of the House (No 753) for the relief of cer-
tain persons who have performed the duties of
assistant surgeons in regiments of cavalry.
LAW OF PRIZE.
Senate bill (No. 577) to further regulate pro-
ceedings in prize cases, and to amend various acts
of Congress in relation thereto, was taken from the
Speaker's table and read a first and second time. ,j
The bill was read at length. jj
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on ji
ordering it to a third read'ng.
Mr. SEDGWICK. This is a bill of a good
deal of importance, and if the House will give
me their attention a moment, ] will explain tery
briefly some of its provisions, and give some
reasons why.they should pass into a law, *
The first section provides for the earHes.t pos-
sible sale of prize property, and that rfo appeal:,
shall stay proceedings for sale. The reasbn for
this procedure is that the delay in the sale'of
captured property has been the principal causer of
expense and loss, arising from wharfage, storage*
ship-keepers, and general depreciation of value.
In the Massachusetts district Judge SpVague
has ordered immediate salesafter the property lias
been condemned, while at New York and Phila-
delphia they iiave been delayed by appeals and
for various causes. Ttie result is that the ex-
penses in the Massachusetts district have been
fiv« and eighty-three hundredths per cent, of the
entire amount collected. At New York the ex-
penses have been fifteen and thirty-mnehundredths
per cent.of the entire proceeds of sales. At Phil-
adelphia fourteen and nine hundredths per cent.;
and at Key West eight and nine hundredths per
cent.
While upon this subject, I will lemark that in
several cases in the district of New York the ex-
penses of keeping and selling prize property have
been from ten to twenty per cent, above the whole
proceeds of sale; they have not only robbed the
sailor of every dollar of his prize money, but they
have actually brought the property in debt for its
custody and expense of sales.
This section also provides for crediting the pro-
ceeds of prize sales on the books of the Navy De-
partment directly to the. sailors, so that they can be
paid by the paymaster,and need not be compelled
to employ lawyers and brokers to collect their
prize money, which, under the present system,
has been a source of great abuse. Now, unless
gentlemen desire to hear further in relation to the
details of the bill, I will ask a vote upon it.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the gentle-
man will proceed with his explanation.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 hope tiie gentleman from
New York is certainly not going to call the pre-
vious question on a bill of such importance with-
out giving the House an opportunity to under-
stand something of its provisions.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will proceed to explain.
Section two authorizes the War and Navy De-
partments to take vessels, arms, munitions, and
mateiial, though not their caigoes generally, at
their value, paying the amount mtotheTreusury.
After dectee the money to be credited as in the
first section.
The reason why this section has been consid-
ered necessary is this: it is supposed by prize
lawyers to require legislation to vary the general
rules in prize requiring sales. The question has
been made by the British Government whether
this Government has the light, without adjudica-
tion, to take into its service vessels captured as
prizes. The practh e has been to take them into
the service of the Government before condemna-
tion; and when complaint has been made of it,
we have replied that such has been the uniform
course of the British Government. To this they
answer that that has been done in consequence of
a British statute legalizing it. To avoid ail ques-
tion, therefore, it has been thought best that au-
thority of law should be giv<n for taking vessels
and any munitions useful m war without waiting
the process of condemnation and sale.
Another reason for this is, that the market for
munitions of war depends upon Government pur-
chase; and therefore, as the Government cannot
very well become a bidder, they are apt, in a! most
all cases, to be sacrificed by sale at public auction
The third section authorizes the Secretary to
employ auctioneers " of established reputation in
the line of merchandise and the goods to be sold," at
a compensation not exceeding one and a quarter
per cent.
In the second place, it requires conspicuous ad-
vet tisements " in the fullest and motit conspicuous
manner, and to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of the Navy."
In the third place, it makes frauds and combi-
nations in the sale and disposition of property a
felony, punishable with a fine of $10,000, or ten
years' imprisonment.
The reason for this is, that heretofore there has
frequently been a collusion between the marshal
and auctioneer whom he has employed. In all
the districts except that of Massachusetts, a com
mission of two and a half per cent, has been M
