em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
subject, in a letter to General Washington, uses
this language:
"I iiave recommended to this State [South Carolina] to
raise some black regiments."
Remember that this was in a Icttter addressed to
"Washington, on the 24th of January, 1782. That
is the testimony of a soldier not tainted by what
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
calls abolitionism, but a true patriot as well as a
brave soldier, who was not afraid of contamina-
tion in the use of colored soldiers.
In another letter to Governor Rutledge he uses
this language:
"The national strength of the country, in point of num-
bers, appears tome to consist much morn in the blacks than
in the whites. Could they be incoiporated and employed
for its defense, it would afford you double security. That
they would make good soldieis I have not the least doubt."
Says General Nathaniel Greene to the Governor
of South Carolina, " that they would make good
soldiers I have not the least Qoubt." I put that
opinion against the opinion of the distinguished
Representative from Kentucky, [Mr. Wicic-
liffk,] as expressed to-dciy. He says they would
not make good soldiers; and yet in the very next
breath ho tells us they would create a ciyil war
down South, although they would not be worth
anything for any lawful purpose.
I will not occupy the time of the House further
upon this subject. I believe that in this exigency
of the Republic we have a right to command the
services of every loyal man, be he white or black,
to put down this accursed rebellion. 1 do not be-
lieve with those who upon this floor tell us this
war ought not to bo prosecuted, as my colleague
[Mr. Vallandigham] did the other day; that we
cannot get any more men, and that we ought not
to get any more men. I do not blame such men
for opposing the raising of colored regiments. To
do otherwise would be inconsistent with their no-
tions and ideas of the war. But to those of us who
are loyal to the Constitution, who do desire this
rebellion put down, 1 say it is perfectly consistent
to make use of these men. They will relieve the
exposures of our while sons and brothers in the
field, and therefore we ought manfully to come up
to their use.
The motive of the argumentagainst the employ-
ment of colored persons to put down the rebellion
has its origin in this, and this only, that it will
tend to put an end to the institution of slavery it-
self; because once put arms into the hands of the
slaves, and they are going to be taught lessons of
liberty which will he contagious in this country.
Slaveholders and their apologists know this full
well, and that is the reason we hear such a howl-
ing opposition to arming these men.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, bei ore proceed-
ing with my remarks, I request that the substi-
tute proposed by my colleague [Mr. Stevens]
may be reported. It is well that the country
should understand just what the proposition is.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
substitute.
The substitute was read, and is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America* in Congress assembled^ That
the Pi evident be, and he is hereby, authorized to enroll,
arm, equip, ami receive into the land and naval service of
the United States such nuinturol volunteer of African
descent as h<> may deem usetul to suppress the pie^ent re-
bellion. tor f-uch term of service as he may prescribe, not
exceeding five year-:. The said volunteers  o be organized
nccoiding to the regulations "f the branch of seivice m
which they may be enlisted, to receive the same lations,
clothing, and equipment* as othervolunteere, and a monthly
pay not to exceed lli.it ofoihervr>lunteer<-; to be officered
by persons appointed and commissioned by the l'lc-tdenr,
and to be governed by the niles and aiticles of war and
Mich other mles and regulations as may be picscnbcd bv
the i'lesident.
Mr. KELLEY. Sir, this is, in my judgment,
rather a humane and wise provision for hastening
the settlement of the war now pending; but gen-
tlemen on the other side find in it an instigation
to servile insurrection, the degradation of our
Army, and a blot upon our legislation and his-
tory which no future glories can wipe out. The
provisions contained in this bill have brought
from the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Wrklifff,] who first addressed us to-day
his severest denunciations of the friends of the
measure, and called forth his usual contemptuous
sneers at some of the ablest and most successful
of the generals of our Army. He asked why it
is that with only eleven States in rebellion and
fifteen in the Union*—I do not know why he lim-
its the number to twenty-six—we are notable by
the white power of the country to conquer the
rebellion. Sir, he knows well that one reason why
wc have not conquered more of the rebels and do
not now hold more of their territory—one great
cause of the inefficiency of our Army, has been
that men upon this floor, with easy access to the
public mind by pen and voice, have labored in
season and out of season to create distrust of each
and all of our commanding generals save one. One
only has enjoyed their confidence. He who wasted
a precious year, $500,000,000, and a grander army
than general ever commanded before, in illustrat-
ing the science of" how not to do it," alone com-
mands their praise. His patriotism they appre-
ciate, because he is as proficient in that sort of
" strategy" as the leaders on the other side proved
themselves yesterday by preventing a solitary
step in the progress of the country's legislation
in a session of eighteen hours.
From Fiemont, the Republican, to Butler, the
Breckinridge Democrat, all who are willing to
strike the enemy are sneered at and assailed. It
is because the rebels have this northern wing to
poison the minds of soldiers and citizens, and
who, as they infer from the results of the late elec-
j tions, have so far affected more than half the peo-
. pie of the North as to induce them to refuse to
enlist and to resist the draft, that the rebellion has
not been long since suppressed. Thus the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] denounces
Hunter's colored regiment as a failuie. I have a
high regard for the gentleman personally; and 1
believe his statement when he tells me that he
speaks from knowledge, and not in mere partisan
declamation. From whom did he hear that the
first regiment of South Carolina volunteers have
proved to be ufailure? I know General Hunter
to be a man of veracity, and the mails by last
steamer from the South tell us that after review-
ing he addressed that regiment less than a week
ago, saying, among other things:
" I am glad to be in the inidsr of you, cjlrtd to have s.ocn
so fine an exhibition of prol'icleney as you have shown this
dav. I only wi-di J bad a hundred thousand of you to fight
foi the freedom of the Union."
He said further—and he has had nearly a year
of observation, and is a man familiar with military
history—
" 1 see no iea>on whv you should not make as good ^ol-
dief^as any in the world, and I trust that upon all occasions
you will be found wdhug to do your whole duty.''
The gentlemen from Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio
have told of the courage and emluiance exhibited
by colored soldiers and nailers in the earlier wars
of the country, and on several occasions in this.
May I not remind you that it is now, sir, just a
year since 1 had the honor of calling the atten-
tion or this House to an extract from a letter from
Commodore l)u Pont? It was when the country
was still thrilling with the glory of the naval ac-
tion at Port Royal. I read from that letter the
expression of his gratitude to the " contrabands"
who had rallied mound him, and his declaration
that—
"They serve, us with zeal, make no bargains for their
remuneration, go under flie without the slightest hesitation;
and, indeed, in our cau«e, are ' insensible to fear' as Gov-
ernor Pickens. Home of ihem ate very intelligent."
But, asks the venerable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden*] who last addressed us,
what is the reason for wanting these colored men r
This is the reason. It is not only the duty of the
President of the United States to maintain the su-
premacy of the power of the United States over
all its territory, but, sir, it is part of the provi-
dence of God that that supremacy shall be main-
tained. You find that prowdence written in the
topography of the country; you find it in the his-
tory of the country; you find it m the institutions
of the country. Look with the eye of the philos-
opher or the statesman over the surface of our
grand country; scan the lay of its mountains, the
! courses of its rivers, and through our history and
j everywhere you will find it written by the hand
j of God that the ten itory now occupied by the Uni-
i ted States was destined from the beginning for the
i home of one people, to be presided over by one
i Government. It is necessary that this Govern-
! ment be maintained now in this crisis; and it is
not fair, to say the least, that the hardships and
privations of a war, the*results of which are to
bless both North and South; a war which, if
well fought out, as I believe it is to be, is to bless
the generations through all time that shall dwell
in this vast country of ours, should be borne by
the people of the northern States alone. This
bill authorizes the.President of the United Suites
to call upon the people occupying the territory
in rebellion for their quota of the army of free-
dom. And why shall they not yield it? Why
shall not all that territoiy send as fair a percent-
age of its people to the war for the Union as the
State ofRhode Island, or its neighbor of grander
dimensions, New York ? Will thogentleman an-
swer me that? Where are the South Carolinians
rallying under the Union flug; the Georgians, the
Mississippians,the men of any of the eleven States
in rebellion? And does he mean to say that the
stain and infamy of this rebellion- shall forever at-
tach to the South—that it shall not be wiped out
by the loyal men of that section ? God foibid it!
We never could dwell together as biethmi again
were it not that we mean to let the men of the
South do their own share'in restoring their own
Government. Let the loyal men of the South take
a full part in this war, and subjugation will be
deprived of its power to embitter the future of the
nation. The North cannot indulge in the exult-
ation of conquerors if .she shall but have assisted
the loyal men of the South to maintain a common
blessing.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Philadelphia allow me to ask him how many
southern men he supposes there aie in the Fed-
eral Army, using the word southern as applied
to the slave States ?
Mr. KELLEY. I am speaking of the rebel-
lious territory. I have on a former occasion ex-
pressed my admiration, not only of the people of
the State the gentleman so ably represents, but my
more than admiration, my adoration for their con-
stancy under the persecutions of those who, hav-
ing learned to deal in men as cattle, hang and shoot
their brethren like mangy dogs. I must decline
to yield to the gentleman. It is the custom to
decline to yield when I seek to put a question for
information or state a peitinent fact; and I must
throw around myself the same hedge with which
others protect themselves from interruption.
Sir, there is philosophic and patriotic reason
why the President should bring from all these
whilom States their fair quota of the army of free-
dom and the Constitution. But let me, waiving
these foi the time, considersome simplequestiona.
Why should it not be done? Is the life of the
negro more sacred than that of the white man?
Why should not A meriean Africans encounter the
power of the enemy and the malaria of the swamps?
Why should your son, and my brother,and our
friends die that the negro may live? I do notes-
teem him one whit better than ourselves, nor do
I deny that he is our equal in rights before the
great God our common Father, and in the great
forum where absolute justice prevails. He is not
better than we, and should share the dangers and
sufferings of this war. 1 ask, again, is it more es-
sential to the slave's wife or to the free colored
man's that he should protect and shelter her, to
his children, that he should watch over them, than
it is to the white wife and children of the loyal
States that they should enjoy the care and affec-
tion of husband and father; and is it upon this as-
sumption that Democrats and gentlemen from the
border States will not allow his sacred person to
encounter the risks of the deck of a man-of-war,
or of storming the breastwork or the battery? If
this reason influences them it is anew-found faith.
They have, at least not shown devotion to it in the
past. If one of them wanted to give a dinner party
and had not ready cash, under the laws and civiliza-
tion which have molded their sentiments, he could
put a wife and mother upon the auction block and
leave her children orphaned for all time and her
husband to pine for the one being that he loved.
No, the slave is only impmtant to his wife and
child as the thing around which their affections
cling. lie is alike powerless to protect hcror pro-
] vide nurture for them, but our northern laboring
j man is the head of a family and home; it is upon
! his labor that his wife depends to make the home
comfortable and cheerful, and it is by his labor
that, the humble boy is to climb the hill from pov 
erty to wealth, from ignorance to learning, fror*
obscurity it may be to fame. Why, then, shall not
the black man leave wife and child for this wai
as well as the white man?
Do gentlemen strive to defeat this bill bdeaaae
they deem it important that the rebels shfdl hava
