1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a bettor supply of labor than we? They all know
that every white company recruited takes our la-
borers from the field, the mine, the workshop?
Do they not know that our power at home is im-
paired in the ratio of the power and consistency
of the regimentsor divisions? Has not their whole
policy been to deprive us of labor, of strength at
.home, of character, and to secure to our enemies
a supply of labor to maintain them, while they
cut our throats, and rob the graves of our soldiers
that they mayjnake trinkets for ladies'girdle* of
their bones? Let the laborers of the rebels strike
for freedom, not in lawless insurrection,butundt r
the guidance of officers who receive their ordeis
from the Executive mansion of the United States.
"VVhy, says thelearned gentleman from Kentucky,
even Catiline refused to employ slaves in war.
Catiline, sir, was a bad man, a base man, a rebel,
but how infinitely glorious he stands beside the
leaders .of this rebellion, if the gentleman's state-
ments and impressions be correct, for they have
done, from the start, what he tells us Catiline was
not base enough to do, brought their slaves into
the field against their brethren. I have been call-
ing them Catilines. I beg the pardon of the shade
of Catiline for associating his name with those
of villains of so much deeper dye.
The gentleman from Kentucky smoothly com-
menced by raying: " it is true these gentlemen,
by sedulously studying history, have discovered
a few cases in which the negro has served faith-
fully in military matteis." By sedulously study-
ing history ! lias the gentleman ever heard that
there is an empire called British India? Ifhelms,
1 tell him that a race blacker than the children of
our rebel brethren, black as the stock from which
they got them, won for England British India.
Docs the gentleman's historical reading all ante-
date this century ? Does he not know that in the
last glories which crowned the valor of European
arms, the Turcos were honored by all their com-
panions in arms for the skill and reckless courage
with which they led every forlorn hope 5 and these
Turcos had not enjoyed for two hundred years
the christianizing influence of American slavery.
They were the fresh material of which our slaves
of lighter hue are made. Where, let me, as the
champion in this contest of a down-trodden race,
ask him—and I will give him the remainder of the
session to answer—have arms ever been placed in
their hands, and they brought fairly into (hi; field,
and failed the power which relied upon them? I ask
for a single care. One of the earliest play-grounds
of my childhood was a spot m Jersey—not the
State of my nativity but of my paternal ancestor—
called Redbank: and, as I learned at the knees of
others the history of my country and what made
that spot sacred, perhaps a little of what the gen-
tlemen call abolition was infused into me, for I
learned that when Donop was pursuing the broken
American forces, a black battalion stepped in and
redeemed the fortunes of the day. I think that bat-
talion, Mr. Speaker, was led by a citizen of your
State, Rhode Island. Where, I ask, in our his-
tory or any other, has that down-trodden race
failed on the battle-field to show that it was its high
and affectionate humanity that has kept its terrific
courage in check through centuries or wrong and
oppression ?
Butthegentleman from Kentucky says, will you
turn loose this terrible fighting population to make
insurrection. No, sir. I will not withdraw from
that race the promised word of hope. I will not
do with them, since the President'sproclamation
has been made known to them, what the French
undertook to do in St. Domingo. I will not have
quickened their pulses by the word 44freedom,"
and taught them to gaze hope's star with feuiless
eye. 1 will not after this tell them, "you aie slaves
again and incapable of being free. V ou must win
by indiscriminate slaughter your freedom or re-
main in slavery forever." I would biing them—
the loyal men of South Carolina and of North
Carolina and of Texas and ofe very rebellious State
—under the flag, and under military discipline.
I -would give to them wages and train them to the
habits of freemen; and while they cemented with
their blood and raised anew by theircourage, the
great temple of American freedom, our women
would care for their women, and their benighted
children would carry to them that truth so mighty
(o us, that there is a God, and that they, too, are
the subjects of redeeming grace. Our women in
the North never see poverty, ignorance, or suffer-
ing,' which they do not strive to mitigate and
soothe; and, by the end of the five years, which
the gentleman from Kentucky thinks so horrible
a period, there would be a race of negroes who
would know that there a*e figures and that there
are letters and words represented by them; and
they would know too, what few of them do in
any fair sense, that there is for them hope and
prosperity in this world, and immortality beyond
the grave.
I fear not a standing army of a particular color.
I fear a standing army at all. I would tell the
gentleman that this country was not made for a
particular generation, or for a particular number
of the members of a generation. It was made for
those who shall occupy it through all time; and
if Eli Thayer can lead five thousand free Ger-
mans into Florida, in God's name let him plant
them there. The gentleman [Mr. Wicklifff.]
said they would starve there, and he pictured it
as a land of stone and swamp, if I heard him
right. I have deemed it one of the fairest lands
in God's world. But, sir, be it all that he de-
scribes it, let white labor go there, and make the
black laborer on the soil free, and you shall find it
to bloom and bear as rocky Massachusetts does.
If it be all that the gentleman describes it, free
labor will theie vindicate the truth of the maxim
that 4< plant slavery ni a garden, and it will be-
come a desert; plant free labor in a desert, and it
will become a garden," Let them go. The great
object of this war, as I have said, is to maintain
the life of the nation, and to give to the people
of the future those beneficent institutions which,
in eighty years, have made us the first Power in
the world physically, and given us a civilization
transcendently above the highest known else-
wheie; to nave these institutions and that sys-
tem and to perpetuate them so long as God reigns
and man lives ou eai th. It' we do but fi^ht out this
battle safely, we will give to all the millions, the
hundreds, nay, piohably, the thousands of mil-
lions, to a generation who shall dwell here, peace,
liberty, hope, and the lesults of these.
Sir, I am but a poor and feeble civilian. I have
done little duty of a military character in my life.
But this glimpse at the future £iandeur of my
country, recalls one night of military duty to my
memory, f had the honor, Mr. Speaker, ofbemg
an humble m< mher of tbut gi e:it body of the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania who nished to the southern
frontierof westei n Maryland, to protectthe bound-
ary of their nwti State and, as it proved, the flank
of that army which ^as then supposed to have won
a decisive victoiy at Antietam. It may not be
generally known that the militia of Pennsylvania
protected the flank of that army from Friday noon
till Sunday at eleven o'clock. It was during that
time that 1 lay down one night, carbine in hand,
and gazed at the Milky Way with its innumerable
myriads ofstara; and while I thought of home and
family, and of the apparent folly of a man who,
until then, had scarcely known how to handle the
weapon he held, rushing to such a post, I also
thought of the grandeur of my country and of its
immense future. 1 felt, sii, that in this great strug-
gle the life of the best-loved oi gieatejH of us all, or
the sorrows of families, was no more in compari-
son with the cause than was the smallest star in all
that immense multitude to the sum of the material
universe. And I have felt since that time, that
to secure the peace of this country I would sac-
rifice the lives of the grandest and most delicate
by thousands, and of the powerful and muscular
and least valuable by tens of thousands. We
must restore peace by achieving supremacy at
whatever cost. But let not the North be asked to
do it all. Authorize the President to call upon the
rebellious territory to furnish its fair quota. Arm,
equip, and pay those whorespond to his call. And
when you have done so, the rebellion will have
ended. These gentle, men will no longer be able to
serve the rebellion by protecting the laborers of
rebels, and thus furnishing it with men to handle
their cannon, dig their trenches, grow their food,
make their clothes,and serve—osthe record shows
they have served thi oughout the war—to fight their
battles. Let these gentlemen show befoie the
country, if they can, that it is better these negroes
should shoot loyal men than shoot traitors; and
when they have done so, let them take out a patent
for Lboir own loyalty.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I see in the report of the Globe- -
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
correction of a report in the Globe is not a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, it is sufficiently
privileged in its character that there will be no ob-
jection, I presume.^ I find in the-proceedings of
last night, white tlie question of excusing Judge
Thomas, of Massachusetts, was being voted on,
I am reported asking this question: " Has he not
been upon that side fillibustering to-day?" The
report is correct so far as my putting the question
is concerned, though I supposed at the time it was
sub rosa, but I owe it in justice to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to say that he was not en-
gaged during the day in voting with these fillibus-
tering gentlemen.
Mr. WADSWORTII obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. EDWARDS, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (et
four o'clock and fifty minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 30, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in obedience to law, the ac-
counts of persons charged with the disbursement
of money or goods for the benefit of the Indians,
for the year ending June 30,1862; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
In eonfoinury to the taw of IGtb of July, 1862,1 most
cordially recommend that Commander Davnt D. Porter,
United States Navv, acuujr tear adm rat. commanding thf
Mis.si&Hppi squadron, receive a vote of thanks of Congics*
for tlx! binvety and skill displayed in tin* attack on the Post
of Arkansas, which surrendered to the combined military
and navst! fotros on the lUth mutant.
ABRNUAM LINCOLN.
Washington City, January S*4, 1853,
The message was referred t«  the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The VJCE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
23d instant, information in relation to the number
of appointments of major and brigadier generals;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate ,
a report of the Secietary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
8th of December, information in relation to the
number, nami s, and rank of additional aids-de-
camp appointed under the act of August 5,1861;
and the number, names, and rank of additional
aids-de-camp who are now drawing pay and not
employed in active service; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and oidered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. COWAN,from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred a memorial of the Mer-
chant's Exchange Company of Baltimore, Ma-
ryland, praying for compensation for loss of rents
and work done on their building sold to the Gov-
ernment for a post office, asked to be dischaiged
fiom its furtln r considnation, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims; which was
ogieed to.
MOSES VALK.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was refened the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 131) to confirm the'adverse decision of the
Court of Claims in the case of Moses Yale, have
directed me to report it back to the Senate, with
a recommendation that it pass; and I ask for pres-
ent action upon it.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
