1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLCfeE.
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted
without a dissenting voice.
DOCUMENTS ORDERED TO BE PRINTED.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
introduced the following resolution, upon which
he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That there be punted for the use of the pres-
ent House fifteen thousand extra copies of the act entitled
" An act to piovide internal revenue," as amended by the
two feeveial acts amendatory theiero. together with the in-
dex as revised by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLARK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resoh-ed, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the present limine twenty thousand extra copies
of the act for enrolling and calling out the national forces
of the United States.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
The regular order of business being called for,
the House" returned to the consideration of busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, and took up an act
(S. No. 541) to amend nn net entitled "An act to
establish and equalize the grades of line officei s of
the United States Navy,"approved July 16, 1862,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to refer that bill
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA, ETC.
An act (S. No. 203) to amend an act entitled
"An act to create additional collection districts in
the State of California, to change the existing dis-
tricts therein,and to modify the existing districts
in the United States," approved September 28,
1850.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SARGENT. A hill like this passed at the
last session; and the only difference I can see is,
that this affixes a salary to an office that does not
exist. I call the previous question on the motion
to refer.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to its
being laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was laid
upon the table.
DARIUS S. COLE.
Bill of the Senate (No. 571) for the relief of Da-
rius S. Cole was taken up, and lead a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Darius S. Cole, $2,224, in full for his
claims, for materials furnished the Government
for the construction of a pier m Little Sodus bay,
Lake Ontario.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
That bill makes an appropriation, and must have
Us first consideration in a Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax.)
The Chair sustains the point of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
PAY OF A HEADING CLERK.
Mr. SMITH. I offer the following resolution,
and upon it I demand the previous question:
Resolved. That there be paid out of the contingent fund
to William Iv. Mehaftey, the bum of $300 for his services as
assistant redding cleik.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution of the followingtitles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 554) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United Stales and the repub-
lic of Peru, signed at Lima on the 32th of Jan-
uary, 18G3, for the settlement of claims;
An act (S. No. 424) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the grades of
line officers of the United States Navy," approved
July 16,1862;
An act (H. R. No. 551) to equalize and estab-
lish the compensation of collectors of the customs
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 753) for the relief of certain
persons who have pei formed the dutiesof assist-
ant surgeons in regiments of cavalry; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 137) in relation to prop-
erty devised to the people of the United States by
Captain Uriah P. Levy, deceased.
JURIES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, bill of the Senate (No.
481) relative to juiios in United States courts,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to the
reporting of the bill.
Mr. Bi NGHAM. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. NOBLE. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
68, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Baxtci, Bingham, Samuel S- Blair, Blake, Buflinton,
Campbell. Casey, Colfax, Fredonck A. Conkhng, Covode,
Cutlui, Davit*, Dawes Diven, Otinlap, Dunn, Eliot, Sam-
uel (j. F«'s« cnden, Thomas A. P. Fc sendeii, Franclior,
Frank, Goodi, Goodwin, Gianpcr, UarrNon, Hutching
Julian, Kelley. Francis \V Kelloj.% Leary, Low, Melndoo,
MeKean, McPherson, Marion, May, Maynaid, Mitchell,
Moorhe.ul, An-oii P. Moinll, Paium, Timothy G. Pholp-,
Pike, Poitei, Faivvaid II. Rollins Salient, Shanks Shella-
bar?er, Sherman, SpauldMii!. Stratum, France Thomas,
Tiowbudgo, Van Iloin, Veiiee, Yooiheep, Walker, Wal-
lace, Wa>hbuine, Wheeler, Albeit rf. White, Wilson, and
Worcester— 68.
NAYS—mcspis. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Biddl<\ Jacob B. Blair, Calveit, Clements. Cobb,
Ro^coe Coukling, (Jus-field, Delano, Fouke, Glider, Halm,
Haight, Hale, flail, Harding, lloiion, Johnson, Kerrigan,
ICuapp, L.i//iMr, Looting Menzie?, Morns, Noble, Norton,
Nii!if>n, Pendleton, Perty,.Iohn II. Riee, Robinson, James,
S. Rollins. Segar, Sluel, John B Steele, William G. Steele,
Stilo, Benjamin F. Thoma*, Tiam, Vallandighain, Van
Wyck, Wads-worth, Webster, Clnlton A. White, Wick-
hfi'e, Wood, and Yeaman—49.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to suspend
tin; lules, so that the House may proceed to the
consideration of the bill to aid the State of Mis-
souri in emancipation, reported from the select
committee on emancipation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALL. I ask leave of the House to make
a brief statement in regard to this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. HALL. I will be veiy brief. I will not
occupy five minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
older, objection being made.
Mr. YOORHEES. We all understand it, any
way.
The question was taken; and there were-—yeas
62, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—iMosm"*. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Batter, Bingham. Jacob N. I5lair, Samuel s. Blair,
HI.ike, William G Blown, Rulfinton, Campbell, Cri^ev,
Ciaik, CoKa\, Cutler, Davis. Dawes, Diven, Kliot, Eiv,
Fenton, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Flanders, Fiank,
Gooeh, Halm, Iloopet, Jlotton, ilnu tnu:-, Julian, Ktlluy,
Fiancis W Iv-Ho^a. Lehman, Loomi*. Low, MeKean,
Maynard, Mooijjea'd/Ju-mn S. Moirdl, Patton, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Alexander IJ Kiee, John ii. Kiee, Edward II. Ilol-
hn>, Sargent, Sedgwick. Sliellabarger, Sherman, Fianei^
Thomas, Trowbridge. Van Iloin, Van Valkenbnrch, Van
Wyck, Walker, Wallace, Albeit S. White, and Worces-
ter—
NAYS—Messrs William Ailen. William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, Bidriie, Calvert, 'Cobb, Cravens, Crisfieid, Del-
ano, Dnnlap, Dunn, English, Fouke, Franchot, Grkler,
Haight, Hale, Hall, Harding, Holmnn, Johnson, Kerrigan,
Knapp, Law, May', Menzies, Morns, NobltvNorfow, Nji~.
gen, Pendleton, Perry, John S. Phelps, Porter, Price, Rob-
inson, James S. Rollins, Segar, Shiel, Smith, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas Train, VaUaudighain,
Voorbee*, Wadsworth, Webster, Wheeler, WImloy,'Cftii-
ton A. White, Wickliffo, Wilson, Wood, Woodruff, and:
Yeaman—57.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. W H1TE, of Indiana, stated that Mr. Norm.
was absent from the House in consequenceof sick*
ness, and that if present he would have voted in
the affirmative on this motion.
Mr. KERRIGAN, when his name was called,
said: 1 om forced to oppose this bill  
[Loud shouts of "Older!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The member
from New York is out of order, and will take his
seat.
Mr. KERRIGAN, (amid loud shouts of "Or-
der!" and great confusion.) I say I am forced to
vote against this bill because 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The member
from New York is out of order, and must take his
seat.
Mr. KERRIGAN, (amidst the utmost confu-
sion.) The people of my district will not permit
themselves to be taxed to purchase negroes while
the wives and children of our gallant soldiers are
-starving.
[Greatshouts of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
twice ordered the member from New York to take
his seat. He is in contempt of the Housc%n per-
sisting in disorderly conduct, and the Sergeant-
at-Arms will arrest him.
The Sergeant-at-Arms thereupon arrested Mr.
Kerrigan.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman from
New York should be censured for disorderly con-
duct. I move that he be censured.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. KERRIGAN. Go to the Army, and ask
those gallant men if their wives and childien are
not permitted to starve in the streets of New Yoik
while we ure qunireling about the negro.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The gentleman
fiom New York is again o"?lt of order. He will
take his seat.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest to the
House the propriety of completing and announ-
cing the vote before entertaining this subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is impossible
for the Chair to announce the vote while the pro-
ceedings are interrupted by disorderly conduct.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My suggestion
is in reference to the motion made by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
suspend that motion till the roll-call is completed.
The vote was completed, and announced as
above recorded.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Speaker, T hope that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
his motion. I am very certain that this unfortu-
nate outbreak has not proceeded from any settled
purpose on the part of the gentleman from New
Yoi k, who is my neighbor here, to offend the dig-
nity of the House. No mischief has really re-
sulted from it; and I trust that the kindness and
good feeling which have generally prevailed dur-
ing the Congiess will not be disturbed at this late
hour of the session by such a scene as the pleas-
ing of this resolution may bring about. 1 take
pleasure in saying that during this whole Con-
gress I have sat by the gentleman from New York,
and he has borne himself here, in his social rela-
tions and m his public character, with as much
dignity and piopriety as any gentleman on this
floor. I therefore hope that this violation of pro-
priety will not be severely punished by the House.
Or, lather, I hope that the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania, taking1 all the circumstances into con-
sideration, will withdraw the motion. 1 am sure
1 can pledge the House that there will be no re-
currence of such conduct on the part of the gen-
tleman from New Yoik.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I certainly feel
no desire to have the House pass censure upon
anybody; but the good order of the House re-
