610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
with other boats; a certain boat was named—the New;
Brunswick. The measurement was taken, and resulted in
% report, I believe, that she was competent to carry six hun-
dred tcoops. They afterwards modified that to five hun-
dred, finding, I understand, that they had calculated too
largely for all these boats. She was placed in a position
to receive five hundred troops; four bundled and fifty were
taken on board, or about that munbei, with about twenty
•officers Tins price ha* never been adjusted between Com-
modore Vanderbiit and myself any further than that. The
matter was left open in that way. She went troin here
-with that number of troops on board. Two days alter that,
and before I had had time to see Commodore Vanderbiit,
she was repoited to be in Philadelphia.
'"Question. Do J undemand ihdt the inspuction made of
her was by Captain Lafevre?
'£Answer. I beg your paidon; T should have «aid that
Commodore Van Brunt and Mr. Ha&well, whom 1 under-
stood at the time to be Government inspectors, inspected
her after that. They went tlnough the regular form of in-
spection and examination. Since her repaiis she has had
no eeitificate. It was necessary after these repairs that
she should have a new certificate, and thes>e inspectors
made the examination with a view to giving that certificate
if she merited it, 1 believe."
ThisMr. Richardson isamanufacturer,and lias
not been very Ions; engaged in commercial trans-
actions; he seems to have thought whf.n he gave
his testimony that Commodore Van Brunt and
Mr. Haswell were Government inspectors, and
exercised the same duties that appertained lo the
inspectors of hulls and machinery appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury; and he goes on and
states that,according to his recollection, they gave
him a certificate such as is given by that character
-of officers, and that it is hung up m t lie steamboat.
. In that particular fie is altogether mistaken, lie
received no such certificate, according to the testi-
mony that is before the committee, from either of
those peisons. The inspection of the Niagara,
according to the testimony of Mr. ilnswell, had
been made by himself some time during the sum-
mer, and I think lie answered, in reply to ques-
tions put by my colleague on the committee, thai
the owner, Mr. Richardson, hud informed him
that he had made certain repairs to the vessel af-
ter that inspection in the summer. Relying upon
the representations which the owner, Richardson,
made to him, he assented to the propriety of char-
tering the Niagara, so that inspection amounted
to nothing. Haswell relied on the repott which
was made to him by the owner of the vessel as to
the extent and character of the repairs that had
been made between the time he inspected her in
July and the time when she was employed by the
Government in December; and it is evident from
this testimony of Richardson himself that Van-
derbiltreally engaged her before ever Haswell and
Van Brunt went near her, and engaged her on the
recommendation of Captain Lafevre, who is one
of his steamboat captains, and that two days after-
wards he heard of her in Philadelphia.
Now what was this Niagara? Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, she was an old boat that had been built for
the trade on Lake Ontario, nearly a score of years
ago. She had been bought for something like
$10,000, and had been brought around and some
repairs put on her and some four hundred and fifty
men and officers of the fiftieth Massachusetts regi-
ment were forced to go upon her at. New Yoik,
destined for New Orleans. In perfectly smooth
water, with a calm sea, the planks were ripped
out of her, and exhibited to the gaze of the indig-
nant soldiers on board, showing that her timbers
w^re rotten. The committee have in their com-
mittce-room a large sample of one of the beams of
this vessel lo show that it has not the slightest ca-
pacity to hold a nail. I say then the testimony
before the committee is from Commodore Vander-
biit himself that lie had never seen the Niagara,
that he knew nothing about her#eharacter or ca-
pacity or her seaworthiness. I think that for the
chartering of that vessel he was censurable.
Mr. President, tlie fomth error, 1 think, com-
.milted by Mr. Vanderbiit, ui connection with this
expedition, grew out of the fact that he paid higher
prices for vessels than had been paid for the same l|
vessels before by the Government. If Senators
will refer to page 18 of this import, they will see
that tor thesteamei Eastern Queen he paid <$00
a day for the first thirty days,and $800 a day for
the residue of the days; while she had been char-
tered by the Government for the liuinside expe-
dition at $500 a day, making a difference of three
or four hundred dollars a day. He paid for the
Quinchang §950 a day, while she had once been
countered to the Government for $130. For the
Shetucket he paid $250, while she had been in our
employ at $130. He paid for the Charles Osgood
§250, whilst we bad chartered her for $150. lie
paid. $250 for the James S. Green, whilst we once
had a charter of her for $200. He paid $450 for the
Salvor, whilst she had been ehai tered to the Gov-
ernment for $300. He paid $250 for the Albany,
whilst she had been chartered to the Government
for $150. He paid $250 for the Jersey Blue,
whilst she had been chartered to the Government
for §150.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him how he is able to make that
comparison ?
Mr. GRIMES. I will answer the question with
pleasure. 1 make it upon the sworn testimony
appearing upon the lecords of the committee of
which my friend from Maine and myself are mem-
bers—testimony given to us, day before yester-
day, by Hon. John Tucker, late Assistant Sec-
retary of War, who had the entire charge of the
transport business under Mr. Cameron, and, to
a great extern, under Mr. Stanton.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not part of this report.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be a part of our report.
It is in testimony before the committee, and the
charter-parties so exhibit the fact. The testimony
is written out and can be seen by any one.
It may be said that the price of charter parlies had
risen between the time when these vessels were
formerly chartered by the Government, and the
time when they were chartered by Commodore
Vanderbiit. 1 do not think that is so; there is no
testimony to show if, and the private information
which 1 have received would not wanunt me in
coming to any such conclusion.
I stated, yesteulay, that one of the great defects
in the organization of t his expedition, and for which
I think that Commodore Vanderbiit is m a good
degree responsible, arose from the derdiction of
those who had charge of it, in not providing proper
navigators, charts, and instruments, for the vessels
upon which our soldiers were t«he embarked. I
ask Senators to look at Vanderbilt's testimony, on
page 25:
" Question. (I>y the chairman.) Who-e bu-.ine-?s win it
to .w eitaiu whrlli'ttin: men who navigated tht'-e vessels
weie ((unlite'd to di^cbanre then duties or not?
The owners o| Hie vesi-els.
*• Question. Neither \ourM.df nor Commodoie Van Biunt
made any inquhie>, on ihat subject?
'•Answer. No, Mr. We did not limine the vessel. Thev
managed then owu<t{Fau-> in their own way The\ navigated
their ve& els at then mvri usk. If they did not do ihat ae
eouhng to law they would forfeit then insurance I think
that is the Mil est way to make them do then duty
They would forfeit their insurance if they had
not navigators on board and did not navigate then-
vessels properly; but what should we forfeit?
The lives of the men who had been intrusted to
our keeping, and whom we had sent out to hold
up our banner.
1 think the next error for which he is censurable
was m causing the transports to be overcrowded.
On that point I read fiom his testimony, at page
24 of the report, to show that he assisted to de-
termine if he did not determine how many troops
each vessel could carry:
"Question. Had yon am Hung to do with the stowage of
Ihe vcsm/Is o  determining the number of noops to be put
upon paiticulai ve-st-ls?
"Answer. Yes, nir. We determined the capacity of every
vessel. That capacity, ot these vessels, was deteumued by
thej-e inspectors and in no case weie they overrated.
Now, 1 will ventme to pay that in no ca-e weie they over-
estimated."
Now, were the vessels overcrowded ? What is
the testimony of witnesses? Mr. Snow, of the
house of Snow & Burgess, says:
''•Question. Did you chatter the ship Montobello to Gov-
ernment for the Banks expedition ?
Answer. Ye^. .^ir.
" Question. W hat i.- her tonnage ?
"Ansae/-. It is l,ur>0ton>.
'■Quf-tioa. ^tate how many soldier or pei^ous were
placed on hoard that *bip.
"Answer. Beiths? were put up for 900. She went fiom
nere to Fottress Motnoe to taKo in her troop* there.
l'Question. The Alice Counee, uhati-> hei tonnage?
•• Answei. As we are informed, it is 1,1-10 ton*. S<he
!i.-n 900 br>ith&. That ship now lies* m the stream line,
Noi tii rivej.
••Question 'Die William Woodbury?
"Answer. Iler tonnage is 1,191 tons. Shehas8ol beiths.
" QueUion The Intel national ?
"Answer. We me informed tii-u >he ha** bertha for 1,000
men. tfhe i- a ship of 1,0013 tons'.
" Question, The J. Moitour
vi Answer. ^iie Ii.h 9()0 beiths. Her tonnage is 1,1QP.
Aeeoidim? to the old United ^tate* law, of two to every live
toie«, the amount of tonnage in those ve^-els would carry
2.V32 H i?h passengers., as we would bring them trom Ireland.
Bufhejf.h-5 y.'eie put up for-l,5o0 soldiers.
>c Qucstiov. Do VMM think il<e number authorized by the
law as many as could be humanely or propeily carried m
vessels of that description ?
Answer. Well, we think oin ships are crowded as much
as they ought to be uiidei thatold law. Under the new law
there would he sixteen or seventeen hundred p.u-M-ngeis.
That many could be earned undei the late law iumrmg it
to one passenger to eveiy louueen teet. Under the old law
it would be 2,232. But there have been beiths put up lor
the transportation of 4/550 soldiers. If is? common talk
among owneis of ships that the ti oops have been linpiopeily
ciowded."
Mr. Taylor, to whom I have already referred,
who is a marine inspector of New York, and per-
fectly familiar with this business, testifies:
" Question. Ilow many passengeis would be a humane
and pioper number foi a vessel like the Moutebello, of one
thousand and foity-nine tons?
" Answer. It depends on now many decks she ha?*.
That ve>sel Li a two-decked ship. I think about four
bundled oi foui hundred and fifty men, to make them com-
fortable.
'• Question. it your opinion that about the same num-
ber should bo allowed for other vessel-, of that dofeuption ?
%l Answer Yes, sir; *ay, fiom nine bundled to eleum
hundred tons, four hunched and fifty to five hundred would
be quite enough lot health and comfort."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomcs the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesteulay.
Mr. HALE, I hnpo the Si nato will, by com-
mon consent, proceed with this business, and fin-
ish it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to cut oft*
my friend from Iowa in his remarks, if he desires
l to conclude them, but I must insist on taking up
the bill which is the special order,,
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think I shall be through in
ten minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to the
bill being laid aside informally to allow the Sen-
ator from Iowa to conclude his remarks, but be-
yond that I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
can be laid aside informally, if thej-e be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none. The Senator from
Iowa will proceed.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be borne in mind that
I have just read from the testimony of Mr. Snow
the statement that nine hundred berths had been
put on this vessel which Mr. Taylor says ought
not to carry more than four or five hundred men.
Mr. Clearman, of the house of Cloarman, Sturges
& Co., testifies:
" Question. Do you know anything about the stowage and
the number of poisons put aboard each ot these vessels for
the Hanks expedition?
i(Ansv.er. I do not—except in our own—only from hear-
say.
"Question. How many soldiers were embaiked on Uoaid
the L. L. Stmges, chai tered by you ?
"Answer. The L. L. Stuige-, is -till m port, and the
number ot men she is to cany is not \ et clearly detei mined,
I believe; but we understand generally that u is about
eight hundred and fouy •>oldier-.,~be-ides officers.
" Q«rs/?o«. How many are the-e ordinary vessels, ot about
one ihoiuand to twelve bundled tons,capable of canying,
with a pioper reg.ud to the comfort and health of the sol-
diers embarked upon them?
v* Answer, f should think from four to>i\ bundled per-
son*, depending on the hrncrht ot then botweeu-deeks.
Some ve.-^e!ri have moio lotu between deck* than others.
01 eour.-e much depends on the natuie and length of the
pas&age.''
.Now, Mr. President,the seventh point I make
is, that Mr. Vanderbiit did not exercise reason-
able judgment and sagacity to prevent frauds upon
the Government in chartering these vessels. What
are the facts ? It was generally understood in New
York that no vessel could bo chartered except
through Southard, and only through him after the
owner or the lepresentativo of the owner of the
vessel had paid tribute to him. It is true that
Commodore Vandeibilt testifies that he did not
know this, and we are to piesume that he did
not. Was it not his business to know it? When
this leport was circulated throughout Broad and
South streets, and was in the mouths of shipping
men in New Yoik, how happens it that Commo-
dore Vanderbiit was profoundly ignorant of itr
Not fiom any corrupt motive, I am prepared to
spy and behove; but l cannot say that he did ex-
ercise that reasonable diligence, that foresight,
that sagacity that a man occupying the position
he occupied was bound to exercise when so mo-
mentous a tiust was committed to his hands.
That such was the general, uniform opinion
among shipping men in New York, that South-
ard's power and cupidity were well known, we
have the testimony of seveial witnesses, among
them that of Mr. Ambrose Snow, which will be
found on page 38:
li Question. Was it regarded aa essential by you and the
