1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
relief of H. R. Crosbie, which was read a first
and second time, leferred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
CALL OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is evidently no
quorum here, and I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Alien, Arnold, Ashley, Beaman, Ja-
cob J3. Blair, Samuel S Blair, Blake, Bndses, Geoige II.
Browne, Burnhum, Campbell, Corning, Oovodo,Cox, Cra
vens, Ciitienden, Dawes, Duell, Dunlnp, Edwards, Eh,
English, Fisher, Frnnehot, Fiank, Goor-h, Ilahn, llardm<r,
Iliekman, Johnson, Will tarn Kellogg, Kerrigan, Killnujer,
Knapp, Landing, Lovejoy, Mclndoe, lMcKcan, Melvmght,
Nooll. Odell, P.uton, Perry, John & Phelps, Potter, Robin-
son, Edwaid Fl. llollin--, Segar. Shank6:, fc51o.ui, Sulos, Van-
dever, Van Valkenburgh, Yibb.ird, Wall. Walton, Ward,
Webster, Wheeler, Wilaley, Albert S. White, and Wright.
Mr. BAKER moved that all farther proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF NEW STATES.
Mr.W ASHBURNE moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of taking from the Speak-
er's table bills for the organization of the States of
Colorado and Nevada.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldneh. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Blake, Buffinton, Ca^ey, Chum bei lain, Ciaik, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conkling, Cutlet, D.uves, Dunn, Edgcrton, Eliot,
Samuel C. Fe-seuden, Thomas A. I). l-'e-^enden, Flan-
ders, Franchot, Granger, Guiley, Hale, Harrison, IIoopoi,
Morton, Hutehms, Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Loo-
mif, Lovejoy, Me fndoe, iUeKean, Marion,Mitchell, Moor-
head, Alison P. MorriM, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Pomerov, John 11. Rice, ltiddle, Sanj'Mit. Sedgwick, Shul-
Inb.uger, .Sherman, Sloan, Fianeis. Thomas, Tram, Trim-
hie, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Wnee, Vibhuul, Walker,
Wall, Wallace, Wa hbumc, Albeit S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Woreestei—6o.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Anoona, Baxter, Biddlo,
Calvert, Clements. Cobb, Uo^coe Conkling, Conway, Cox.
Cii-ficld, Delano, Dunlap, Kenton, Fouke, Gmlei. Halm,
Law, La/.ear, Lehman, Low, Malloi\, May, Mayn.ud,
Monzies, Noble, Norton, Nuirt-n, Pendleton, i'nee, Robin-
son, Segar, Sheffield, Smith, John B. Sieele. VViihatn G.
.Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F.'I'lioma-, \ ailamhaiKtm, Van
Wyck, Vooihee-^, Wnd-nvorth, Waul, Chilton A. White,
Wickliffe, Wood, Wnodiuff, and Yeaman—}S.
vSo (two thuds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For.yey, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
an act (H. 11. No. 780) to regulate the duties of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives pre-
paring for the oiganizafion of the House.
NEVADA LEGISLATION.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to present
and have printed in the pioceedings of the House
a statement of Mr. Ckaollbaugu, of Nevada Tcr- 1
litory, in reference to a bill that has been passed,
I promised to have it read. It is a letter to myself.
The letter is as follows:
Washington City", Fc!>rurtry 0, 1S;>'3. I
Dear Sir: lam ju-t about leaving; will not lie in the >
House again during the m^xou. I have lately hr-aid that ;
the member^ Itom California wdl pre-r upon ihe llnn-e a
repeal or the ninth >eetion oi an act lately p^.-ed bj the
Territorial Legislature ot Nevada, providing ioi and i"i,oi- ;
lalmgincorporations. I theiofc>reio<pie«.T that it sue!) bill i- ,
brought lorward >ou present my view-, on the mutet by !
having this letter lead, or in Mich othei way as\ou may j
think proper.
The Legislature with great unanimity pa-w>d the aet ic- ,
ferred to. I rake it  action a> the expie^ed will oi the peo- !
pie of the Terutory. and theietoie in what I >,iy am hut ;
representing them. '
It is paid a petition 1* here signed by the r< preventatives ,
of $1U,UOO,OUU ot eapital invented i'i mining in Nevada. 1
which capital i- otgamzed under and in puituam-e of the ,
laws of Caltiomia. Be it *o. Theie i-s nuueeiv a inininu i
eompanv oisrnni/.ed mulei the incoipoiation lavv^ o| Call- ;
iorma hut that theie aie a <rieatmany stockholder in addi- ;
noil lesidniL' in the Teintoiy or Nevada. It m,iy be true j
that they do not own >$10 oOj.OOO of <-tocU, but 1 submit that
ibej own a veiv consul eiable amount, and are worthy to be |
<-on-ideied in that connection. ;
The qne-tum piefwitcd bv the piopo-ed repeal of .-aid j
ninth >eeii(Hi i-  t>np!> a eontes-t between the -toekboideis i
in the^e miiinnr < hunn le-idmg in Ne\.ida'and tho^ere-al- j
ina in California. I think they ought to be allowed to ii^ht
it out witmnu congressional aiteilerence. It i-> in a great j
mea-ure a content* between Sau Fiancihco brokers and |
bankers and the sturdy, hard-fisted, entei prising miners of i.
Nevada. I «;tween capital or money arid muscle. The people
of Nevada have as much intent m piotecting capital and
securing persons in their right* as the people ot California. 1
think lean nuthfully assert that life and property have been
as well secured in Nevada for the la>t three years as in the
State of California. It is that security that has caused the
people of California to have confidence and invest, their
means co hbeially and, I may add, i>o profitably in the Ter-
ritory. It thereior<®y nor a question as 10 whether capital
i>3 safe in Nevada. But it is whether the mining operations
carried on in the Terutory shall be governed by Nevada
laws, or whether, oti%ie other hand, through the operation
of her incorporation laws, California shall invade Nevada
and control the mining opeiations of the Teiritory. If*he
eau extend her jurisdiction fot one purpose, she may for
other purposes;.
The mining is done in Nevada; the labor is there; the
gold and *ilvei pioduced there; yet, under the system by
which all the book*, aecouuts, and pioeeediugs ot the di^
iectois are bad in San Fiancheo, the stockholder, residing
m Nevada, i* unable to know what is being done by the
company Ab a geneial thing it is all Giecl; to our Nevada
miner*. When tbeygot out oi patience about their milling
claims and go down to San Francisco, they usually return
saying the moie they attempted to find out about their min-
ing stock tiie les?  they knew about it.
Is theie any reason wh> the Iiumiio-s of tliese companies
cannot be as well done in Nevada as in California? 1 think
it could be more intelligent!} at tin; iiiine«, whete the woik
is done, than on Montgomety street in the city of San X^ran-
eisco.
Those who will suffer most by the ninth section being
allowed to temain in ioree, <uo the hulls and hears. ! fe  1
assured it W()uid materially lnterfcie with their business.
{can ben llliwtiate tlu-> bygivim: m my own experience.
In the tail oi 1860 I putchased twenty-five shaies m the
Lucerne, an ineoipointed immng company of California
doing bu^iuehs m Nevada; befoie buying L examined the
mine, found the lead to heveiyiich. When 1 went into
the tunnel I could ^cij th<> gold all about me. The otlico of
the company was in Sau Fianeiseo. I heard nothing about
the eompauy foi a yeai after tbe pmelui<e. When I eame
to this Iloti^e f came tlnousii San T'lanci^eo, and concluded
to look atter my ^tock I went to the othee, «aw the ^ee-
retaiy, let linn, of coui>e, know who I \va-. where I came
tioin, where 1 was gomff, &e , and ieque^ted some intoima
tion about the atfa.r? ut the Luceine, which, of rour-e, I
did not get, but was piomptlv advised that an a^es-Miiem
of.$l-r> had been made upon me. Altei pressing the mat-
t*'i a little ftnrhei, getting somewhat excited, I tued the
virtue of a little piofanit}, wiiieb seemed ro have about a-
much effect upon my secietary friend a.s it would to pour
water on a goose's back. When 1 got through he very eiutly
advised me ofVoim: bioker mound the cotnei that would buy
my stock.
By keeping the offices of these mining companies in San
Francisco itenable^ the<e,«l(),000.U{)0-stocKliolder-> to swal-
low up the «mall< i caj>itah-.(^ ot Nev.ula, They fn-czeout,
as they call it. u-> poor fellows, lea\ insr us out in the cold
My own e\pei lenee in the " iuccmc" is the expenence of
thbu and-> in the Temioiy Suppose, for example, tin in-
eorpoiated.coinpanj . --ay of ^50.00!), A, U, and C, of the
City of San Franeivco. * vv 11 ,^3lK0U()ol the stock, forty uuueis
o! Nevada ow n the othei ^20,000. A, H, and C elect the
dneetoio, contiol the comp.iny, ii\ -alanet for theiiwlve>
asollieers; and if theie i^ more to he made by buying up
the clnnn^ or the tort\ Nevaila miner-;, they perhaps stop
woik, annoy and \voi: \ the small claim-holders until they
are el.id to -.di or di-poi-e of their Mock. Much of the
j$K),000,000 has been acquired in that way.
I cannot see why Nevada ma\ not a  u eflhave an mcor-
poiation <iet as C.ihfonna 1 li.ue not the l.iw.s beioie me,
but am advi.scd that C.ilifoi nia doe- not allow the very thing
tne-e per-on- aie complaining ot us.
The legislation wholly ithni the purview of the or-
ganic act ; and if wrone, the temrdv i- with the ne\t Le-
ei>latitle ; it illegal, (lie pl.iee of ie-.oi r ihe com t 'i'lu^ is
not the place to leach it. The attempt i^ unw.iuanted by
any precedent, and i^ ceitaiuh a mtoi tl.isiant inieilcM'iice
wuh the itirht ot the people •• to ieguiat<; then own domes-
tic- institutions in their own way.*'
You at ibis distance and without all the facte befoie you !
m.i v ei i in infei feu tig in this kind of legislation The coin t-s i
ha\ e decided, f leai n, that these mining eompani(>s created
in''ahioiiua eannot Mie and be mk d in Nevaila. 'J'hat
h«-mg the (<isr what i > tin. i hum queue v, to all persons that
lahot lor these eurnpanies or tian-tu'f business with them in
the Ti-ri doty ? This makes man it est the necessity oi such
legislation to ptoieef the people ot Nevada.
1 hau veiv hastih thiown rojrethej these f'*w ideas on
tln< niattei ; the -ub|eet deserves inatire consideration
Veiy 11tify, vour-, JOHN CRADi.EJJAlTifl.
II(jii. S. rt. < 'ox.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of con- 1
furencu on tin; disagreeing votes of the two Houses !
on the amendments to the Ilou.se bill (.No. 73'J) !
makirsr a['i)io[ n.itiotis fot ^nndiy r:vii exjn.'iises 1
of i he Govei ntnent foi the yeai ending; .Tutu; 30,
18G4, lepoitod, that the commitfee had agreed to |
recommend to their respective Houses us follows: (
That the IIou-u> leci'de iiom it-; di^agn-ement to the !
ainendniente of the Senate numbeis- one. two, t'iree, three j
and a quaitei, tlnee and a half, tlnee and tlnee quaitei^,, j
five, scv en, ei^lit, nine, ti n. eb'Ven, up to thn t\*-si\. ;
That tin* Senate lee'Mo fiom then amendments, numbeis ■
six, thntv-tliree, and tlmtj-four. j
That the. House leeede noni its disagreement to the I
fouith amendment of the Sei.ate, and agree to the sfirm; ;
with the lollownis amendment: add to the end ot said ;
amendment a? toli.nvs- -'Fsa payment of aiiear.ig"s for ;
Capitol j)oiiec, due under a-jt <'f .lei\ 20, lt54. |
That tlie Sen.ue recede tiom it- tweltth amendment, and j
strike out Irom the word claims'' on the tvveiny-fitth line, [.
page 17, tothe words " .<$1,000 000,''arid insert in lieu theie- 1
of, « $600,000, to be settled on proper vouchers to be filed
audi passed upon by the.proper accounting officers: Prd-
ruled. That in determining the claims to be allowed under
this act, the same principles, rules, and regulationssbaH be
observed by the accounting officers in auditing said ex-
penses as have been applied to theofnims allowed to States
under the act approved July 27, L&61, entitled <An act.to
mdetnmfy tho States for expenses incurred "by them in de-
fense of the United States;'   and that the House agree to
the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement tothe thir-
tieth amendment of the Senate,and agree to the same with
the following amendment: line seven of said Senate amend-
ments, strike out the word " three," and insert in lieu
thereof the word "two."
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidcred; and under its operation,
the report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay (he motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE called up his motion to
reconsider the vote by which the views of the
minority of the committee to investigate Govern-
ment contracts were ordered to be printed, and
asked that the original order be read.
The SPEAKER. The usual order was made
to lay on the table, and print.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I moved to reconsfder
the vote under these circumstances. The views
of the minority, as submitted by the gentlerpan
from New York, are not to be found in the Clerk's
office. After the report was presented it was sent
to the Clerk's office. The clerk of the committee
wentand examined it. He found it was an assault
on the majeflhty of the committee, instead of being
a report on the subject-matter. As soon as that
fact was ascertained and the character of the re-
port known, but before any member of the com-
mittee had an opportunity of seeing it, the report
disappeared, the object being that it should not
come to the knowledge of the House until Con-
gress should have expired, so that its slanders
might go to the country unchallenged and unre-
buked.
Mr. Speaker, \ hoped not to be called upon at
this late hour of the session to state some reasons
why this report has been putin. In that commit-
tee, consisting of members of both political par-
ties, there has not been a division or diversity of
sentiment among those who participated in its
duties.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois why it was that the report of
the specinl eominiftee was not brought in here till
after twelve o'clock last mjfht?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I can tell you.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I can state the reason
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Tho evi-
dence4 on winch the report was to be founded was
not closed nil the day before yesterday. It had
to he kept open for the examination of impoitant
questions.
Now, sir, that report was made to the House
at the very earliest possible moment it eonlci have
been made, waiting, as the committee were, to
receive testimony in rrgaid to transactions on
which large amounts of money were depending,
and on which we desiied to have full evidence for
the purpose of placing it before the War Depart-
ment to prevent money from l>em<rpa]d on fraud-
ulent eontiacts. After accomplishing that object
the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Fcnto.v]
presented the report, by direction of the commit-
fee, at the earliest praetienhie moment yesterday,
and at the same time the ex-clian man of the com-
mittee asked the permission of the House to file
the views of the minotity. if those views hack
been legitimate and proper, I would have been
irlad to have seen them go forth to the country.
But it is an exfaot dinar y proceeding that the gen-
tleman should thrust in his repot t without its being:
Seen by a single member of the committee beside
himself; and, when it was ascertained that the
committee were likely to know its contents, be-
fore the adjournment of the Ilonsc, that it should
suddenly disappear from the Clerk's office, and
can be nowhere found.
This committee, Air. Speaker, was raised on
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Van Wyck.] He was the chairman. It
was my misfortune to be next on the committee.
