1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
ined to have immediate emancipation or nothing
at nil. All that wo desire is to secure the people
of Missouri heartily and earnestly in this contest
in favor of the perpetuity of the Union. In order
to do that, I believe that a system of gradual eman-
cipation, easily adopted, would be wiser and bet-
ter than any system of immediate emancipation.
Sir, I do not think, when a person has been bora
a slave, and has been reared as such until he ar-
rives at the age of manhood, that you give him
any great boon by securing him liberty, unless
you educate him with a view to the possession
and enjoyment of that liberty. You must prepare
these people for a time, at least, to enjoy their lib-
erty and take care of themselves. I think, there-
fore, we ought to hesitate before we appropriate
any larger sum than that named by the House of
Representatives to secure the sudden liberty of a
race of men born as slaves, when we can secure
the great object of this bill, the separation of the
great State of Missouri from all sympathy with
this rebellion, with a comparatively small sum;
and I am not disposed, in order to gratify the ex-
treme opinions of any set of gentlemen, to go be-
yond the sum that is necessary for that purpose.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio, if a scheme of gradual emancipa-
tion be adopted, where would be the necessity for
an appropriation at all? I understand that the
usual mode by which that is effected is by declar-
ing the children bom after a certain time fixed
free.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator.
The right to the increase of slaves is now, under
the local law, a property right, and that is esti-
mated at a certain proportion of the value of the
slaves. I should be willing to contribute from the |
Tieasury of the United States to the State of Mis-
souri the value of that property right, according
to their local law. 1 should be willing to go fur-
ther than that, and provide, say at the end of
twenty years—any reasonable period—to pay for
the slaves that are then living in the State of Mis-
souri. That will emancipate the slaves and pro-
hibit slavery within twenty years.
Mr. COWAN. As 1 understand the constitu-
tion of Missouri, it is one of limitation, not one
of delegation. The right remains in the State per-
fect over the condition of the children yet unborn.
There is nothing to prevent the State of Missouri
to-morrow from passing an act declaring that all
childien born, for instance, after the 1st day of
November shall be free at the age of twenty-one
years, or shall be free at the age of twenty-eight
years, or any other time. There is nothing to
prevent that. I do not know that there is any
vested right in the issue of this species of prop-
erty on the part of the master. I do not think it
was ever iceognized in the Union anywhere.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Ohio speaks with much feeling of the
extreme views of some of us who desire, in con-
tributing of the public money, to make Missouri
a free State, to give the priceless boon of personal
freedom to her one hundred thousand bondmen.
The Senator earnestly deprecates such radicalism
as cares for the rights and interests of the slave.
He announces that he is willing to tax the people
of America to pay for children not yet born; no,
not yet begotten. I am not. The Senator talks
if our extreme views, of our radicalism, while
he accepts the abhorrent dogma that slave mas-
ters have a right to the unborn, unbegotten issue
of his slaves, a right he is willing to tax the peo-
ple of Ohio to pay. J, sir, give no such vote. I
will never consent to taj**he people of Massachu-
setts to pay for unborn children twenty-two years
hence. I reproach not the Senator for such views
 J do-not call it radicalism—I will not talk of ex-
treme views. I leave that to be judged of by the
Senate and the country. Some of the best and
foremost emancipationists of Missouri; men who
have been for ten years battling through good
report and evil report to make that a free State;
men whose voices have rung in the ear of this
nation, say to us now that time is everything, that
one year is long enough, that the question of time
is vital. I am willing to go as far as the House
bill goes, to July, 18G5, and if Senators think
1866 or 1867 is necessary I should be willing to
go that far. But here we have the committee's
proposition extending the time to 187G; and, not
foment with that, we have adopted an amendment
Extending it to 1885, twenty-two years hence.
We are asked to vote $10,000,000 for such a pur-
pose. I give no such vote. I take the respons-
ibility here of saying that I cannot give such a
vote, and 1 will not give such a vote. 1 am will-
ing to give a reasonable sum to work out a sys-
tem of gradual emancipation when it is necessary
to do it; but I can never consent to vote Missouri
$20,000,000 on condition that she will abolish sla-
very in 1885, twenty-two years hence, when most
of us shall have passed from earth.
Mr. HENDERSON. A few remarks, sir, in
reply to the Senator from Massachusetts. I de-
sire, and I suppose that every Senator here is sat-
isfied that I desire the emancipation of slavery in
Missouri,either under the one system or the other;
either a gradual system or an immediate system
of emancipation. I find that Senators here dift'er
about the mode of emancipation. Sonv state that
they are unwilling to vote anything unless it be
done immediately. Others, again, want a gradual
system of emancipation. Tl\o very same difficulty,
Mr. President, exists in the Legislature of my own
State. If there is to be no compromise; if there
is to be no conciliation on the subject, we might
as well quit the bill at once. I do not insist that
the Legislature of Missouri shall adopt a system
of immediate or of gradual emancipation. A good
many Senators have said to i^e,asthe Senator
from Massachusetts has said, they would only
vote $10,000,000, and the system must be imme-
diate. I say to the Senator from Massachusetts
in all kindness, that if such a bill be passed, I, for
one, though I us earnestly desire emancipation as
any man in Missouri, will aMc the Legislature of
that State not to accept it. That is plain and honest.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We under-
stand you.
Mr. HENDERSON. In that event, I shallask
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, however,
to adopt a gradual system of emancipation upon
their own hook. Mr. President, let me under-
stand the Senator, and let the Senator understand
me. What is the use of asking the State of
Missouri to adopt immediate emancipation with
§10,000,000, when with that sum you cannot pay
over fifty dollars a head for the slaves in the State,
and in my county to-day they are selling at iiotn
8500 to §800 a head ? This is the fact. Slaves
hired nglitimmediately on the Illinois line, on the
1st day of January last, for §200 a head for one
year. That is the state of affairs there, and the
Senator ought to know that §10,000,000 will not
suffice under an immediate act, which requires
payment for every slave immediately, for we can-
not emancipate without paying the lull equivalent
before the slave bGcomes free, and the Senator is
imposing an impossibility upon me and upon the
Legislature. But the Senator says he is very glad
to hear what I have said. To hear wliatr To
hear that I am opposed to emancipation ? I want
the Senator to understand this 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have said
nothing of the kind. I said we understood the
Senator when he made that declaration.
Mr. HENDERSON. If you vote $10,000,000
it is an-titter impossibility for us to emancipate
immediately, and I shall say to the Legislature,
" Gentlemen, I am in favor of emancipation any
how, for our own good; then let us adopt a
gradual system of emancipation; but we cannot
accept the donation of Congress, because it is con-
ditioned that we must emancipate immediately;
we must reject the proposition of Congress, and
adopt agradiml emancipation ourselves; we can-
not take $10,000,000 unless we emancipate imme-
diately, and we cannot emancipate immediately
because the constitution of the State is in the
way." That is all. It is a plain proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire that the Senator from
Missouri would piesent that clause in the consti-
tution of Missouri which relates to the emancipa-
tion of slaves. I am quite sure that there are many
members of this body who really do not under-
stand it. It is important that we should know
exactly what it is.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will rea-d it.
''The General Assembly blwll have no pnwer to pass
law4?—
"First. For the emancipation of slaves without th£consent
of thoir owners, or without paying them, before sileli ('man-
cipation, a full equivalent lor such slaves so emancipated."
Mr. HOWARD. Is that all that relates to it?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. There is an-
other provision in reference to another matter:
" Second. To prevent bonajidc emigrants to ttiis State, or
actual settlers therein, from bringlngfVoro any of the United
States, or from any of their Territories, siicli jK'TSOjiS 'is may
there be deemed to be slaves, so long a* any persons of the
same description are allowed to be held as slaved by tile
laws of this State."
These, I believe, are the only two provisions
in our constitution on the subject. Now, let me
suggest on that second proposition that no slaves
have been imported into my State for the testsix
or seven years. I say none; but, perhaps, there
have been a few. Very rarely, however, are any
slaves brought into the State by immigrants into
it. I do not fear that any slaves will be brought
into the State even if a gradual system of eman-
cipation be adopted. It is not at all likely that
anybody will bring slaves there after the slave
code shall have been even partially broken down
by the Legislature, as must necessarily follow
from a gradual system of emancipation. Here-
tofore we have had scarcely any slave immigra-
tion, and it is not likely in the future that any at
all will come.
Mr. President, we find some Senators here de 
siring immediate emancipation in my State. I do
not object to their views. I have so framed the
bill that the Legislature may adopt immediate
emancipation; arid if they wish to do so* I want
to give a sufficient amount to enable the Legisla-
ture to do it. Some gentlemen say they want
emancipation, but §10,000,000 is the extent of the
amount that they will grant. I also provide a
mode by which the Legislature of my State may
adoptgradual emancipation with the $10,000,000.
My purpose is to reach the object; I want to ac-
complish the end, and I have provided, I think,
the only way and means by which it can be ac-
complished, and I believe I understand this ques-
tion perfectly well.
Mr. President, at the last session of this Con-
gress, in July last, this subject was presented in
the House of Representatives, and a report was
made by the select committee appointed to con-
sider the question. I want to refer to that report
to show what great progress has been made here
, in reference to this matter. This report was laid
I before the people of my State, and what is it?
' The very same committee that reported the House
bill, which was commented on by the Senator
from Maine yesterday—the same committee,
headed by Mr. White, of Indiana, reported a
general bill, including the States of Delaware,
Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri.
What was the appropriation offered? One bun-
dled and eighty million dollars. For what? For
immediate emancipation ? No, sir; the provision
was—
" Be it enacted, Sfc., That whenever the President of the
United States shall be satisfied that anyone of the States
of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee,
or Missouri, shall have emancipated the slaves therein by
law, within and throughout such Htate. it shall be the duty
of the President, assisted by the Secretary of the Treasury,
to prepare and deliver to such State, an amount ot bonds
of the United States bearing interest al the rate of five per
cent, per annum, and payable at thirty years from the date
thereof, equal to the aggregate value of all the slaves with-
in such State, at the into of #300 foi each slave, as the
same shall he ascertained by an enumeration to be made
by the Fedcial authorities designated for that purpose, at
the time of emancipation , the whole amount tor any one
State to bo delivered m once, if the emancipation shall be
immediate, or in ratable installments if it shall he gradual.1
And what was the gradual emancipation pro-
vided for in that bill reported unanimously by the
selcct committee ?
''That the benefits of this act shall only inure to such
!3tate or States as may pass such act or acts of emancipa-
tion, an afore&aid, within five years from the date of the
passage of tins act, and shall piovidw for the complete and
entire'Vmancipation of the slaves therein within the period
of tvvent.v > ears tioui the d.ite of the passage of said State
act or act•^.',
IE also provided for colonization:
11 That foi the purpose of dr-poitin^, colonizing, and set-
tling the slaves so emancipated, as afoiesaid, in some State*
territory, or dominion beyond the limitsot the United States,
the sum of ,520,000,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended for the purposes aforesaid, at the discretion of the
Piesident."
It did not leave it voluntary with the slave, but
required deportation and gave ^20,000,000 there-
for. Now, sir, what was the appropriation tomy
own State under that bill? Iwillshow. Thenum-
ber of slaves in the States provided form this bill,
at the last session reported unanimously by the
House committee, was 720,223, which would give
to Missouri for the purpose of emancipation
$28,732,000, and our share of the fund provided
