1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
anything: 1 have said to any or all of them. They
can call me to an account in any form they choose.
That these men can do.
i Look that testimony for two weeks, until the
clamor of the custom-house became alarming.
Then I received a dispatch from Mr. Wash-
burns, dated at this place, saying that [ should
suspend my investigation until further orders from
the committee. 1 received no further orders. 1
went with my regiment to the Peninsula. 1 re-
ceived letter after letter that the testimony was*
to be suppressed, i wrote to the committee. I
told them that I would be glad if they would re-
move that impression. Nothingfurther was done
substantially, except one meeting in the city of
New York, on the 9th of September, by some of
these gentlemen, in which they jjave the custom-
house the right to come in and make a defense.
All the testimony taken by the majority of the com-
mittee, fiom the time this resolution was parsed
at the last session of Congress until January of
this year, was that taken during one day—one day
by the custom-house officials themselves. It was
their defense. The committee considered thatthe
prosecuting testimony had been then already
taken. After my return North, there was a meet-
ing again in New York. We did meet, and it has
gone to the world ami it has been printed in the
papers that the testimony was to be suppressed,
and that I was the means of its suppression, lap-
peal to my colleagues Lo relieve me from such a
sturma.
Mr. HOLMANrose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I cannot yield. Time is
passing, I must answer these serious charges.
My friend knows there is nothing but the kindest
feeling between him and me and my colleagues.
1 go out fi oin the House with the kindest feelings
towards both thegentiemen, ami 1 think thatthey
recipi ocate them. There has been no injustice what-
ever shown by me to them. No injustice could
be shown by me to them. They know that full
well. These facts are all stated in the report.
There is no reflection personalty on the commit-
tee. 1 deny it. The facts stated in that repoit in
regard to the New York custom-house are truly
stated.
Now, there has been scarcely any testimony
taken by the committee since last session of Con-
gress on the custom-house. 1 appeal to the com-
mittee to submit a repoit. My object was to sub-
mit a minority report. It had to cover the whole
ground. I had to prepaie it, as fast as 1 could, i
came here two weeks ago, and went to work at
once. It was stated that Mr. Fenton would sub-
mit a report 
The SPEAKER.. It is not parliamentary to
call gentlemen by name.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask paidon of the gen-
tleman and of the House.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I cannot yield. It was
understood that one member of the committee
was to prepare the report since passed. I urged
that it should be piesented early. My object was
so that if necessary I might present a minority
report; it then could not only have been read by
every member, but acted upon by the House. It
was to have been submitted to tins consideration
of the committee last Saturday. That was not
done. Tuesday came, and Wednesday at twelve
o'clock Congtess was to expire. 1 again applied
to the gentleman who was charged with the piep-
aration of the repoit. He came with it, and
showed it to the members of the committee. I
dissented from it. My colleagues, except one
whom I did not ask, consented that I should pre-
sent a minority icpoit. Nine o'clock last night
armed.. 1 applied to my colleague [Mr. Fen-
ton] to present ins report, and asked him again
and again to do so. One time he was asleep. I
waked him, [laughter,] and he toid me he would
present it the fiist convenient season. The con-
venient season was slow to come. After twelve
o'clock last night I demanded to know whether
he intended to submit the report to the House;
if not, it was my purpose to call the matter up.
Not until after 1 had proclaimed that determin-
ation did he come to present the report. 1 then
asked leave to present the views of the minority, ;
and that leave was given by the House. I also ]
asked leave to introduce a resolution that an extra 1
number of copies should be printed for the use of I
the House. My colleague [Mr. Washbttrne]
objected. The majority could print ten thousand
extra copies of their report and send it forth to
the world, and I desired only the same privilege
that they had. I now say that my report is sub-
stantially, and nearly the whole of it, on the mat-
ter which the committee was called upon to in-
vestigate. I cautioned the Clerk to take care of
the papers. 1 feared I knew not what. I feared
that there was something in all this matter. Aft-
erwards it appears that the clerk of the commit-
tee, (Mr. Andrews,) who is in the interest of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mp.Washburne,] went,
by what authority I know not, anil examined my<
report. He is the last man to whose hands it is
traced. Where is it? Will gentlemen intimate
that 1 have taken it away, after my labor in draw-
ing it up and getting it submitted ? It is marvel-
ous that gentlemen should make such a state-
ment. I have labored hard to bring this matter
to the attention of the House, and desired to speak
upon this subject, but by reason of the delay of
the majority, had to print my speech.
The gentleman [Mr. Washburne] has under-
taken to talk about my course in regard to the
custom-house investigation as a result of differ-
ence between Mr. Barney and myself. The state-
ment is false; and lie knows it, too, for he has
spoken of it in my presence and I have denied it
to him. If these New York custom-house people
have anything to show against me, let them show
it. Such may be the motive that actuates other
gentlemen, but I have a right to say that no such
motive actuated my course. As early as July,
1861, believing that the revenue officers were re-
ceiving by far too large a compensation, I intro-
duced a bill requiring them to pay ail fines, penal-
ties, and forfeituies into the Treasury, limiting
them to a salary of $5,000.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 believe I have answered
substantially all that has been said on this matter.
I have shown to the House what my course has
been. I ask the American people, if they will
take the trouble to read these reports, to read
them and see where the truth is, and who has at-
tempted to suppress it. If the majority of the
committee desned to suppress the evidence, why 
m Heaven \s name, should they come here and ask
to suppress the humble repoit of the minoiity of
the committee? The evidence was fairly taken
in good faith; the majotity of the committee de-
termined to suppress tt; that fact was heialded ill
the papers,and I was charged with doing it. From
time to time I appealed to my colleagues to save
me from so unjust an imputation, and see to it that
the world should know that they and not myself
were guilty of suppressing it. The majority re-
port made no allusion whatever to that evidence,
and i will notquietly rest umlei so grave a chaige.
it was their duty, when they knew all the facts,
not to leave me at the mercy of an idle rumor or
malicious slander.
Mr. DAWES. Have you got the first draft of
your repoi t ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir; I have no draft.
I had no time to copy it. And I say here, in order
that the custom-house officials need not be mis-
taken, that if theie is anything in my report or
remarks to which they take exception, or any
member of the committee, I hold myself person-
ally lesponsible for it, here and elsewheie, to one
or all who may feel aggrieved. And now, Mr.
Speaker, I move to lay tiie motion to reconsider
on the fable.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for the yeas and
nays. •
The yeas and nays were ordered'.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 45; as follows:
Yli-VS—Me^rs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, liciblutt, H.nh , Haket, UuMIe, Jacob IJ. Blair, Make,
Willi.in) lr jjtiAvn, Cliambcihun, (Joiib, Frefici jfk A.
Conkinuf. ilu-coe (.'onklimr, Crittenden, Cutler, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edgcrten, Kngb-h, Fuuke, I'lanc-hoi, Goodwin,
Graler, Hale, Harding, Hainan, Iloopei, Jolm-ou, Julian,
Iveriigan, Knapp, Lansing, Law, Lazear, Lehman, Mc-
Keau, MePiier.son, Mallory, Mcnzie.s Mooriiead, Atison
V. Morrill. Justin S5- Morrill, Noble, ISoiton, Nu*en, Pat-
ton, Pendleton, Perry, Timotlij G. Pheln-, Pomoroy, Potter,
Price, Riddle. Iiobia>ou, Shanks, Shell.tharuer, Sherman,
riluel, Sloan, riinith, John B Steele, Steven-, Stile*, Straf
ton, Vallaminjham, Van Honi, Van ValkenUuiph, Van
VVyek, Wad-sworth, Wai'a'-e, Wheeler, Wbalcv, Albert S-
White, Wieklifie, VVmdom, Woodruff, ami Yeaman—-79.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Baxter, Bea-
man, Samuel S. Blair, BnlTinton, Calvert, Clark, Colfax,
Conway, Cox. Cricoid. Dawe«, Eliot,Ely, Fonton,Thorn-
as A. D. Fwfcendtti, Gooctf, Hnfght, Hall, Ilolman, Horton,
Hutchins, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Leary,
Lovejov, Mclndoe, McKuight, May, Nixon, Olin, Alex-
ander iL Rice, John H. Ihce, .Sargent, Sheffield, Spaald-
mg, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Walker, Washburne, and Worcester—45.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
tabic.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
privilege. I charge that this report has been ab-
stracted from the Clerk's office by a member of thfc
House, with the connivance of one of the clerks;
and I ask that a committee of investigation be
appointed.
Mr. PHELPS,of California. I move to amend
by giving the committee leave to report at any
time before twelve o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. And to sit during the vaca-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to say one word irt
reply to what my colleague [Mr. Van Wyck] said
in regard to the circumstances of making this re-
port.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the question
before the House.
Mr. FENTON". I merely desire to make aper-
sonul explanation. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. STEVENS. Not if it is a personal matter.
Mr. FENTON. It is. Mi. Speaker, I had to
go over several hundred pages of matter in order
to prepare the report. It has occupied most of the
time that I could devote to business out of the
House and my duties on committees for the last
two weeks. The report would have been ready
and submitted Monday, the 2d instant, but for the
fact that Mr. J3ayaid Clark, of the city of New
York, appeared before the committee yesterday,
and asked to be examined in reference to alleged
abuses in the charter of the steamer George Wash-
ington.
Before the analysis of that testimony could be
made and the report completed it was nine o'clock
at night, and I think it was after that hour that it
was submitted to my colleagues on the commit-
tee. They all, except my colleague from New
Yoik, [Mr. Van Wyck,] appioved the report,
and instructed me to submit it to the House at the
earliest favorable opportunity. 1 asked him [Mr.
Van Wyck] if he wished to submit minority
views. He said he did not know that he did. I
then requested to know from him whether I should
state to the House that hedissenied from the con-
clusions of the majority. He said if I pleased I
might make the statement. About twelve o'clock
I obtained the floor, but was not aware until a few
moments before this that my colleague would sub-
mit a minomy report ut all, nor was en her of my
colleagues advised of his intentions. Hence 1 did
not state thof my colleague dissented, for then I
supposed he would make that communication to
the House himself. Before he submitted his
views, and as soon as I learned his intention to
do so, I asked him to show me what he had pro-
i posed. He refused. Not one of my colleagues
on the committee was aware of the character of
his leporf, or that he would submit one at all, as
before stated. Very soon after my colleague ob-
tained permission I endeavored to see what he
had written, but it immediately disappeared in a
mysterious manner. The facts I have stated in
regaid to the making the report of the majority
of the committee are known to no one better than
my colleague, [Mr. Van Wyck,] and it is some-
what remarkable that he should allege that the
report had been withheld. It is not true; it was
made as soon as possible after the testimony upon
the various subjects before us had been closed
and it was possible to arrange and prepare it.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbuune's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Wash*
burke, Holman, and Pendleton such special
committee.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed thesame:
An act (H. R. No. 780) to regulate the duties
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives in
preparing for the organization of the House;
Joint resolution (H. II. No. 156) to confirm the
