1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
adverse decision of t he Court of Claims in the case
of Edward D. Tippett;
An act (S. No. 231) amendatory of an act en-
titled "An net to provide for the care and preser-
vation of the works constructed by the United
States for bringing the Potomac water into the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, for ihesup-
ply of said water for all governmental purposes,^
and for the uses and benefit of the inhabitants of
the said cities;"
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) respecting the
/ compensation of the judges, &c., under the tieaty
■with Great Britain, and other persons employed
in the suppression of the slave trade; _
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to adjust the equitable
claims of contractors for naval supplies, and regu-
lating contracts with the Navy Department;
An act (H. R. No. 732) making appropi idtions
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1864;
An act (H. R.No. 711) to facilitate the collec-
tion of the revenue in El Paso county, Texas, and
in the Territory of New Mi xico; and
An act (II. R. No. 770) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and pav interest on the pub-
lic debt," approved July 1, 1862, and for other
purposes.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 hope the House will
give its permission to the committees which have
reports to make to hand them to the Clerk, and
that the reports be ordered to be primed.
The motion was adopted.
WILLIAM BRADFORD.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the tlouse to su'mut the follow-
ing lesolnlion in reference to one of the pages of
the House, who was seriously wounded yesiei day:
Rcsolval. That the Clerk of Hie Ilim-e lie diiected to pay,
Ollt 01 its contlilL'elit I mid, to Willi.nil Ili.ldloril. nut: ol ll-
paiies, in addition to hi- [icr diem :illou.uiec\ .yltKl. to ciiili-
pensui' him loi .1 --eveie and lasting injury Kveivuf wliile
in the service of the Iiou.--e.
There being no objection, the resolution \vu3
received.  
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I will simply say
thtit this boy's mother is very poor, nml that he
yesterday hud the misfortune to have one of those
large bloelts of stone fall upon Ins anlde, produ-
cing, as it IS believed, a permanent injury. I pre-
sume theie will bono objection to the resolution.
The lesolution was adopted.
STATUE 01? LIISIillTY.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. I ask the consent of the
House til report, fioin the Committee on Public
Buildings ami Grounds, a joint resolution direct-
mi; the m-cliitoet of the Capitol extension to have
removed fiom the bronze statue of Liberty the
nondescilpt ornament on its head, before itiscle-
vated to its position on the dome of the Capitol.
Mr I-IOLMAN objected.
Mr. McKN IGHT moved to suspend the rules.
The lules weie not suspended, two thirds not
having voted tliei etor.
WITHDRAWAL OF TAI'MiS.
Mr. HUTCH INS. 1 ask the consent of the
House to withdraw the papers ot J. 0 Anns and
William S. Giant, filed before the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. F. A. COMKHNG. I object, unless
copies are left on file.
Mr. IIUTCHINS. Certainly. I have no ob-
„ jeotion lo that.
There bi mg no further objection, leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
('LOSS OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEVEN^. 1 move that a committee of
three be appointed, to join such committee as may
be appointed by the Senate, lo wait on thePiCM-
deiitand inform' him that lf'lie has no furtlici com-
munication t" make to flip two Houses of Con-
giess they aie now ready to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mi-.Ste-
yexs, Mr. Mnxzii.fe, and All. Lkary as such
committee. J;0r,BRT BROWN.
Mr. MARSTON. £ ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 4/d,
for the purpose of acting upon it at this time; an
if the House will permit me 1 will'make a bnet
statement in relation to it.
There was no objection.
Mr. MARSTON. On the lstday ofJuly,18bl}
an agent of the Government called upon Robert
Brown, the claimant in this case, and desired to
enter into a contract to build one hundred Anny
wagons to be delivered within two months. 1 he
contract was entered into, the terms of which re-
quired the wagons to be inspected by a Govern-
ment agent, and if they proved to be satisfactory,
he was then to deliver them to the cars subject to
the order of the Quartermaster General, and when
so delivered he was to be paid tor them.
The wagons were completed, were inspected,
and were delivered to the cars on the order of the
Quartermaster General. They were then tians-
portcd by the GovernmenttoPerryville, and there
1 believe, condemned. The contractor complied
stnctly with the terms of his contract, but has
never received one cent for his work. The bill
proposes to pay for the work inaccoidance with
ihe contract, $14,100. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to bringing the bill before the-House, and
passing it.
Mr/JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. MARSTON. I move to suspend the rules
to permit the hill to be brought before the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr.JOHNSON moved that the House adjourn.
Mi. ALLEN, of Ohio, culled for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House tefused to adjourn.
The rules were then suspended, (two thirds
having voted therefor,) and the biil brought before
the House, the question being on ordering it to a
third reading. ...
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, moved to lay the bill
on the table, and on that motion called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSTON. As there are but a few
minutes before the session will expire, I ask the
consent of the House to recommit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
No objection being made, the bill was accord-
ingly recommitted.
message from the president.
House bill (No. 620) to amend an act entitled
"An act to facilitate communication between the
Atlanticand Pacific States by electric telegtaph;
which was laid on the table.
EXEMPTION TKOM DRAFT.
Mr. ARNOLD asked the consent of the House
to introduce a bill providing that no person shall
be discharged or be exempt from the military ser-
vice of the United States upon the payment of any
sum of money.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, objected.
Mr. MAY. 1 ask the consent of the House to
submit the following pieamble and lesolution,
which I have for weeks been endeavoring to get
before the House:
Whereas it is reniesented that Major General Schcnck,
cntniiinndlns the forces of tlic United State-* stationed m
Baltimore, Mar} land, lias oidered, lis a condition to be an-
nexed to the worship of Almighty God bv certain relisious
societies or congregations ot the Methodist Climeli of that
cuv, that tile fla  o? the United States sliaU he eoti-picil-
ouslv displayed at ttie time and place of such yvoi=.lnp, and
wlierea* ilia said order is a plain violation ot the inaliena-
ble riBllt to WOlship God according to tie; dictate, of every
one 1 conscience, as it i, asserted l y the sa„ congrega oils
and also bv our declarations of fundamental iiglil- and  e-
cured by our State and Federal Constitution, ; ami wheieas
a lllinistel of tile said congregation, the Itev Joiin 11
,011, having, on Monday, the loth ultimo, lemoved the said
: nag from liis own pi enlises, which was llUo the place of
1 worship of one of said congieg.itions. where the s.ml flag
had been plai ed suricplitionsly by somr evil-miiidi d p< r
son. and for so doing wa  auesti'd by oidei ot the said Gen-
eral Sehelick and held as a pi isonei: Tlicjemro,
Be it rcsoli-al, That the Judiciary Committee be, and
hereby is, iiMinoted to inquire into the allegations atore-
said, and ascertain by what aillhoiity Hie >:u(l Geneial
Sehenck exeicises a power to H gulate or interfere with the
privileges ot divine worship, ami also to arrest ami detain
a- a pusoner the said minister of the Go-pel, as aloresaid ,
and, lurtlier, that said committee be mstiucted to report
upon the tame at an early day.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I objcct. •
Mr. MAY. I move to suspend the rules. X
have been trying for the lust three weeks to get
this resolution befoie the House. I demand the
yens and nays on suspending the rules.
Ml. VOORHEES called for tellers on the yeas
and nays. ,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. I' RANK ana
Voorhees were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 28, noes 79.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the committee
appointed for that purpose have waited upon the
President of the United States, and the President
informs them that he has no furthei cummunica- *
tion to make to the House of Representatives.
adjournment sine die.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. IIay,'his Private Secretary, notifying the
House (hat he had approved and signed bills and
joint i esol it I ions of the following lilies:
An act (II. R. No. 780) to regulate the duties
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives in
prepaiing for the organization of the House;
Joint resolution (II. R. No 143) auihoiizmg
the appointment of a commissioner to levise and
codify the naval laws ot the United States;
An act (II. R. No. 77(1) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide interna! revi nue to support
the Government and pay interest or. tile public
debt," appioved July 1, 1862;
An act (li. II. Nik 730) makuisr appropriations
for sundry civil expenses for the year ending 30th
of June, 1863, and for other purposes;
An act (11. R. No. 711) to facilitate the collec-
tion of the revenue in El Paso county, Texas, and
in the Territory of New Mexico;
Joint resolution authonzins the Secretary or
the Navy to adjust I he equitable claims of con tract-
ors for naval supplies and regulating contracts
I with the Navy Department; _
Joint resolution (II. R.No. 155) respecting the
1 compensation of the judges,&c., under the tieaty
with Great Ei nam, and othei poisons employed 111
the suppression of the slave trade; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 152) to confn in the
adverse decision of the Com t of Claims 1111 lie case
of R. R. Ward and others, assignees of Jacob
Baiker. paCIJFIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, from
! the select committee on that subject, reported back
The SPEAKER. Before performing the duty
enjoined by tlu' Constitution, poi nut me to tendet
my grateful acknowledgments for the uniform
kindness and coopeudton received at your hands.
In discharging the duties to which you assigned
me, if aught has oceuired, in word or deed, to
wound the feelings of any, atuiimte ittoerioiaof
the in-ad rather than intentions of tin? heart, and
let it be forgotten m the assurance that I shall le-
I call our past intercourse on! y wit h pride and pleas-
| utc. We met as legislators of the Reyublicon the
| thieshoid of nsmobt important era. Its sunshine
J of almost half a century wasfor the first time
I darkened witlVclouds. Grim-visaged war stalked
1 through tile laud which it has since dicnclied in
1 blood. .
! While grappling in a death-snuggle with this
1 hydra-headed monster ot ei v ti discoi d, you have,
|jy your labors, contributed not a little to the ad-
vancement of ihe industrial interests and promo-
tion of the gn-atness and irloty of the country.
Few Congi esses, if any, will hold a prouder po-
1 sstion in its fntuie. Though we separate with
' daikness lowering over the horizon, behind the
' clouds is the sun still shining. It seems to be a
pai t of the plans of divine Piovnience that evei y
marked ad vance in civilization must begin amid
the carnage of the battle-field. Ovei tbuMaia-
thons and thiough the Thermopylae of the
woild's histoiy, liberty has carved oat her vic-
u,nes,and the race has marched onto higher and
nobler destinies.
As the lightnings of heaven rend and destroy
only to put ify and leinvisroiate, so freedom's can-
non funows tlu fields of decaying empires, and
seeds them anew with human gore, from which
springs a more vigorous race, to guard the hopes
