1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
issued at all, they are to be issued for another
purpose, exchangeable for a very different com-
modity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not had time to
read the law through, but on turning to the act
of the 25th of February, 1862, providing for the
issuing of $500,000,000 of bonds, I do not find
any provision that the interest is to be paid in
com. The second section of that act declares:
"That to enable the Secretary of the Treastny to fund
the Tieasury notes ami floating debt of the United States,
he is hereby authorized to issne, on tile credttot the United
States, coupon bonds, or registered bonds, to an amount
not exceed ins §500,0(10,000, redeemable at the pleasuie of
the United States after five years, and payable twenty
yeats from date, and bearing interest at the rate of six per
cent, per annum, payable semi-annually."
But it does not say " in coin." These are the
bonds referred to by the Senator from Missouri,
the five-twenties. If there is any such provision,
it must be in some other portion of the law, and
I have ovei looked it.
Mr. HENDERSON. There must be such a
provision; I am satisfied of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not in the general law
that authorizes their issue.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know the fact is that
the interest is paid in coin; and I do not suppose
the Government would now pay a debt in coin
unless the law required it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that the in-
terest on'the seven-thirty Treasury notes is paid
in coin, but it is not provided oil the lace of the
law that it shall be paid in coin.
Mr. COWAN. It is paid in coin under the
old law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing said in
the law about payment in coin, but it is simply
provided that the interest shall be paid semi-an-
nually. There is no special provision in the old
bonds that were issued that they were to be paid
in coin.
Mr. COWAN. Under the old law, everything
was paid in coin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 know everything was
paid in coin, and this will be paid in coin, I trust;
but what I object to is to putting it into the law
and on the face of the bond that it shall be paid
ill coin.
Mr. HOWE. Every obligation which tin- Gov-
ernment issued, or which you or I or anybody
else issued, was, until very recently, payabje in
coil), if it was an obligation to pay in money. 1'liat
was the law, because nothing else was Lender,
nothing else was a legal medium of payment, and
it would be so to-day but lor the fact that a year
ago we found it necessary to issue certain notes
of the Government of the United States, and we
desired to have them circulated through the com-
munity as money, and therefore, by the law winch
provided for the issue of those notes, we made
those also a tender for the payment of all debts
with eel-tain exceptions, and among the excep-
tions the principal exception was the interest ac-
cruing on the bonds which were piovided for m
that law, and therefore the interest on those bonds
still remains payable in coin, because notes aie
not made a tender in payment of that peculiar kind
of debt. The bonds which we contemplate issu-
ing under tins bill, perhaps will stand for a differ-
ent thing from those. Interest upon I hose bonds
is required to be paid in coin, simply because the
notes which we have made a tender for other debts
are not a tender for that interest. The Senator
from Illinois is right m saying that the law winch
provided for the issue of the bonds does not re-
quire the interest to be paid ill com. It does not
upon the face of the act.
Mr. CLARK. Is the Senator quite righi ? If
he looks at this law a little further he will find
that all the customs duties are to be paid m coin,
and that coin is set aside to pay the interest on
the bonds.
Mr. IiOWE. I was not aware that it was in
that act. ^
Mr. CLARK. It is in this act. **
Mr. HOWE. I knew theie was a dedication
of that fund, bat I was not aware that it was in
that act, for the purpose of paying the interest on
the public debt. I believe it is not for the pur-
pose of paying interest on any particular class
of bonds, but "interest upon the public debt gen-
erally.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me,
I will read the provision of the act, so that he
may sec:
" That all duties on imported goods shall be paid in coin,
or in notes payable on demand heretofore authorized to be
issued and by law receivable in payment of public dues;
and the coin "so paid shall be set apart as a special fund, and
shall be applied as follows: first, to the payment in com of
interest on the bonds and notes of the United States."
Now, the point may be whether, under this act,
by that very provision of law, the interest is not
payable in coin, and out of that coin so set aside.
It does not say " any bonds under this act," or
any other act, but interest on the bonds generally.
Mr. HOWE. What is the effect of that dedi-
cation it may be a little difficult to say. What
portion of the money obligations of the United
States become a part of the public debt, to the pay-
ment of the interest on which that fund is dedi-
cated, is a question that may require some little
reflection. This debt being created subsequent to
the passage of that act, and for a special purpose
very different from that for which Congress was
then providing, I did suppose in the outset of this
discussion that the interest accruing upon it, as
well as the principal of these bonds, would be pay-
able ill anything which the law of the land recog-
nized at the time of payment as a tender for debts.
Mr. COWAN. By the act of July the lltli,
1862, authorizing the issue of Treasury notes, it
was provided that—
" Sneli notes shall he receivable iti payment of all loans
made to the United States, and ot all taxe-, internal duties,
excises, debt-!, and demand* of e% cry kind due to the Uni-
ted States, p<ie<'pt dunes on inipoits and interest, and of
all claims and demands agniu-l tin- United State-., except
lot mteiest upon bonds, note*, and cettilieates of debt or
deposit."
There arc two kinds of money, coin and paper
money. Paper money is leceivable and payable
fur all other debts except those, that are mentioned
line, in this exception; ami therefore there is, by
exception, in this act a direct provision that the
interest oil ail our bonds and certificates of debt
shall be paid in coin. It does not exist by posi-
tive enactment m the law authorizing the.issue of
the bonds, but it exists by way of exception in
tliis act auihoi ixing the issne of Treasury notes.
Mr. HENDERSON. What act is that?
Mr. COWAN. The act of July the 11th, 1862,
to be found at page 532 of the laws of last session.
Mr. HENDERSON. I had notexamined the
law at the time 1 offered the amendment; but if j
the fact be as Senators state, there can surely be |
no objection to inserting this provision. If the j
interest on all the bonds of the United States is i
payable in coin under laws previously passed,
!: there can certainly be no objection to inserting |
l| that provision here m regard to these bonds. My
only idea is to accomplish the pmpose. 1 have
aheady put this amount $5,000,000 below what
my Legislature has asked from Congress, simply
because I do not believe Congress will grant what
the Legislature has asked, f stated yesterday
that the House of Representatives of the Legis-
lature had passed the joint resolution asking for
! §25,000,000, by a two'thirds vote. I have since
1 learned that the Senate has passed it by a vote of
26 to 2. The reports made by committees ap-
pointed for that purpose, and all parties in favor
of immediate emancipation in the State, put the
amount needed for that purpose at §25,000,000.
I have only asked for $20,000,000. I tlnnk that
whatever amount may be granted, it should be
put in such form as to realize to us as much, at
least, as other stocks of the United States. I want
this to be a six per cent, stock, because the bonds
you have already issued are at six per cent. The
interest on them is payable in com. The five-
tsventies, on which the interest is payable in com,
are now selling, 1 think, at ninety-three or ninety-
four. If you put these bonds at five per cent, in-
terest, to bo paid in Treasury notos instead of
com, (and I have not examined the law to see
whether or not. that would be the effect,) the re-
sult would be to make these bonds worth not over
ei"hty cents to the dollar. Then your $20,000,000
! would be worth but $16,000,000. I want only to
' make these securities realize to us as much as
other bonds of the United States; I ask no more;
and I leally think that the amendment putting it
at six per cent., the same rate of interest allowed
on other bonds already issued for the public debt,
should be adopted, and also the provision pro-
viding for the payment of interest in com.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the existing law all
interest on the public debt of the United States i?
payable in coin. There ought to bo no speciw
discrimination in this law providing for paying
the interest on these bonds in coin. Icto not trjinfc
it ought tti be inserted continually in every law
we pass authorizing the issuing of bonds, that'
the interest shall be in coin. We have a general'
law requiring that; the faith of the United States
is pledged to pay the interest in coin, and I do no't'
think that provision should be repeated in all those
various loan laws. I do not suppose the time will
ever come when it will be the policy of the Gov-
ernment to pay its interest in anything else th'aft
coin, but I do not think it proper to repeat that
provision in every statute authorizing the issue of
bonds.
Mr. HENDERSON. The only exceptions re-
quiring interest to be paid in coin, f find, hre in
acts heretofore passed providing for the issue of
bonds. If those exceptions are sufficient to cover
the payment of interest on these bonds in coin,
why not say so ? If that be the object and design,
inasmuch as the same thing occurs in two several
acts for the issue of bonds, already quoted, why
not use that language in this act? Unless we do
it, possibly a construction may be given that the
interest is not to be payable in coin, and if so, it
will depreciate the bonds.
Mr. COWAN. 1 think in one word I can sat-
isfy the Senator from Missouri that there is no
difficulty whatever on this point. In order to en-
able the interest on these bonds to be paid in any-
thing but coin, it would require a positive enact-
ment of Congress at the time they are ordered to
be issued; because if they are once issued, I ques-
tion whether we could afterwards change the cur-
rency in which the interest was to be paid. For
the payment of interest, the bonds of the United
States stand now precisely as if tlTere was no other
currency in the country but com; stand precisely
as though no Treasury note bill had been passed^
precisely as though no Treasury notes had ever
been issued; and theintoiestupon them will have
to be paid just as though none of these things had
ever taken place.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the whole amend-
ment fail?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
amendment was voted down.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose there is no
objection to it if the words " payable in coin" bo
left out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You mean to provide for
the payment of the inteiest semi-annually.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is 110 objection to
that. „
Mr. HENDERSON. In line fourteen of the
amendment of the Judiciary Committee, I move
to insert," the interest to be paid semi-annually."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move, in line
twenty-one to strike out "seventy-six " and in-
sert " eighty-five,"so as to read, " some day not
later than the 4th day of July, 1885."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. The clause as it now stands in
the amendment of the committee is as follows:
Nor unless the sai'l act shall provide thnt slave.iy or in-
voluntary seivltude within said Slate, except in punishment
for ciime, shall forever cease and determine on some day
not later than the 4th of July, 1S76.
The proposition now made by the Senator from
Missouri is to strike out "seventy-six" and in-
sult " eighty-five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
amendment pending.
Mr. HOWARD. That will allow to the State
of Missouu the period of twenty-two years with-
in which to bring about emancipation. It seems
to me that that is an unnecessarily long period.
Missouri, situated as she is, bounded on three
sides by free States, woujd almost naturally cease
to be a slaveholding State before the lapse of that
period. I am unwilling to grant this amount of
money to be paid upon the contingency of the
emancipation of the slaves of that State during so
louse a time. It seems to me to be unreasonable,
1876 will be a great epoch in the history of thN
nation, as I trust, if the people are true to them-
selves, true to their own interests, true to that
tutelary Constitution under which we have lived
and prospered for eighty long years nasi. I shall
