THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,' tYA^HiN.GTOMV^MXCf'
Special Session, 38tii Congress.
MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1863.
New Series.."..98p
and cherish the rights of mankind. The boom of
cannon on the plains of Lexington shook a con-
tinent,and boreanohscuremilittacolonel from the
shades of Mount Vernon to the highest, pinnacle
of earthly glory, to stand forever on that proud
pedestal, peei less a mo men, w bile it called Stai k
from hisgramte lulls, Putnam from his plow, and
Greene from his blacksmith's* forgo, to immortal
fam<'.
The iron hail heating- on the walls of Sumter
again shakes a continent, and the genius of his-
tory is recording the names of Jiose born not to
•vdie. The country's martyrs in this hour of its
trial will live forever. Their tombs will be the
hearts of the great and good of all time; -their
monuments the granite hills of a nation rejoicing
in fteedom. Whether the mght of our adversity
i is to be long or short, there can be nodoubtof the i
| final dawn of a glorious day; for such is the phys-
ical geography of the continent that between the
; gulf and the Jakes there can be but one nation*
; ality. . No matter what changes may be wrought
| in its social organization, its territorial limits vvilf
; continue the same. The traditions of the past
J and tho hopes of the future have crystallized in
i the American heart the fixed resolve of "one
; Union, one country, and one destiny" from ocean
j to ocean. No human power can change that des-
tiny, any more than it can stay the tide of the
father of waters as it rolls ftom the mountains to
the sea.
" Freedom Vbattle, oncc begun,
Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son,
Though baftfed oft, is ever won."
Better one war, though it" cost countless fiyes
a^d untold treasure, than a dismembered Umoh,
with its endless border conflicts and final anarcliy^
and rum. If the people between thegulf and fee
lakes cannot live together in peace as one nation,
they certainly cannot as two. This war, then,
must, in tiie nature of things, be prosecuted till
tho last armed rebel is subdued and the Aug of our
fatheis is respected on every foot of Ameri<jan
soil.
Gentlemen, invoking on you and our common
country the blessings of divine Providence, and
wishing you each and all a long and happy'ltfe,
not in the unmeaning compliment of the day, bat
in sincerity and truth, I declare the House of
Representatives of the Thirty-Seventh Congress
adjourned sine die.
SENATE—SPECIAL SESSION.
special session.
       
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 4, 1863.
The Secietary (John W. Forney, Esq.) called
the S< nate to order, and read the following proc-
lamation of the President of the United Suites:
By the P) evident of the United States of Jlmcrica.
a proclamation.
Whereas objects of inteie«t to the United State* require
that Tlx; Senate t-hould tie convened at twelve o'clock on
the 4th oi'Maieh next, to receive and act upon such coin-,,
munieatinns may be m.ule to it on the pait of the Exec-
utive:
Now, theiet'ore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United State.-*, have cori-<id< ted it to be my duf\ to Kmic
thi- my proclamation, declaring that an evn.ioidinary occa-
sion teqimes the Semite of the United States to convene
foi tho tianr-aci ion of ImMne^ :n ilio Capitol, in the city of
Washington, on the'1th da vol March ne\t, at twelve o'clock
at noon on thatday, uf which all who shall at that time lie
entitled to act «is member*, ol that body aie hereb) lequired
to +ake notice.
Given under my hand and tho seal of the United State*,
at WaMiinston. the 23th d.ivoi I'V binary, m the yent
[L b.] of our Loid Jt:ud, and ol the independence ot the
United States ot Ameuca ih<> eightv-scvonth.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President.
William II. Seward, Sccretaiy oj State.
Of the Senators whose terms did notexpiieon
the 3d of March, 1863, thoie weie piesent: From
the State of—
Maine—Ron. William Pitt.Fessenden.
New Hampshire—Hon. Daniel Clark.
Vermont—lion. Jacob Collamer.
S'''issac!iusetls—Hon. Henry Wilson.
11 ft ode hlund—lion. Homy B. Anthony.
Connecticut—lion. La Fayette S. Foster.
A'cio York—lion, ha Harris.
cVcir Jeii>cy—Hon. John C. Ten Eyck.
Pennsylvania— Hon. Edgar Cowan.
Delaware—Hon. Wiilard Sauldtmry,
Maryland—Hon. Thomas FI. [licks.
Virginia—Finn. John S Carlile.
Kentuck>i—Hon. Garret*Duvis and Hon. Laz-
arus \V. Poweil.
Missouri—lion. Robert Wilson.
Ohio—i Joir. Jiihn Sherman.
Indiana—Hon. llemy S. Lane.
Illinois—Lion. William A. Richardson and
Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—Hon. Jacob Al. Howard.
Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy O. Howe.
Java—] Ion. James W. Gnmesand Hon. James
Harlan.
Minnesota—Hon. Morton >S. Wilkinson.
Kansas—H on. James II. Lane and Hon. Samuel
C. Pomeroy.
California—Hon. James A. McDougall.
98
Oregon—Hon. Benjamin F. Harding and Hon.
James W. Nesmith.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Secretary, in con-
formity with usage, 1 offer the following icsolu-
tion:
Raolveif, That the oath of office be administered to Hon.
Solomon Foot as Senator elect irom the State of Vei moiit
by Hon. La Fayrttk S Fosti:r; and that ho be, and is
hereby, cho^n President pro tempore of the Senate.
The Secretary put the question on the icsolu-
tion; and it was adopted nem. con.
Mr. Foster thetoupon administered to Air.
Foot tho usual oath to support the Constitution
of the United States; and Mr. Foot took tho
chair as President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators elect
and Senators whose term commences under a re-
election at this time will receive the oath of office
in the order m which their names will be called
by the Secietary.
The Secretary called the names of those Sena-
tors whose credentials had been heretofore pre-
sented, as follows:
Hon. James A. Bayaul, of Delaware.
Hon. Lemuel J. Dowden, of Virginia.
Hon. Charles R. Buekalew, of Pennsylvania.
Hon. Zachariah Chandler, of Michigan.
Hon. James Dixon, of Connecticut.
Hon. James R. Doolittle, of Wisconsin.
Hon. Thoniat> A. Henducks, of Indiana.
Hon. ILvudy Johnson, of Maryland.
Hon. Edwin D. Morgan, of New York.
Hon. Lot AT. Mom ill, of Maine.
Hon. Alexander Ramsey, of Minnesota.
Hon. William Spra«ue,.of Rhode Island.
Hon. Chcuies Sumner, of Massachusetts.
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade, of Ohio.
As their names were called, Mr. Bowdex, Mr.
Buckalew, Mr Chandler, Mi. Dixon, Air.
Doolittll:, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Morgan, Air.
M ortRn.L, Alt SuMNCU,and Mr. Wadju advanced
to the denk singly, and tiie President pro tempore
administered to each the usual oath to support ibe
Constitution of the United States, and he. took his
seat m the St nate.
Messrs?. Bayard, Hendricks, Ramsey, and
Spragce weie not present,
Mt. TEN EYCK. presented the credentials of
Hon. William Wright,elected by the Legisla-
ture of N  w Jersey a Senatoi fiom that State for
the tei in of six y.-at s, commencing this day. Tho
credential.* wire if ad: tin* usual oath to support
the Constitution of the United States was admin-
ixtPied to Air. Wright, and he took his seat in
the Senate.
On motion of Air. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, it was
Ordered, That a committee of tinee be appointedto wait
upon the President of the United State? and inform him
that the Senate has assembled tn pursuance of the call of
the Pi evident of the 38th ultimo, and a quorum being pres-
ent, the Senate is ready to receive any communication he
may be pleaded to make ; and that the President pro tem~
pore appoint the said committee.
The PRESIDENT pto tempore appointed Mr.
Wilson of AlaNsachusetts, Mr. Howe, and Mr.
Nesmitii, the committee.
Air. THUAIBULL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Ptestdent of the Senate and of the Sen-
ate itself to an act of Congress approved on the
2d of July, 186*2, which declares:
uThat hereafter every poison elccted or appointed toanV
office of honor oi profit under the Government ot the Uni-
ted States, cither in the civil, military, or naval department
ot the public setvice, excepting the President of the Uni-
ted States, shall, before entering upon the duties of such
office, and befoie bent? i-ntuled to any of the balaiyor other
emoluments thereof, take and sub cnbe the lollowirig oath
oi animation.'5
Then follows the oath or affirmation, which I
will read:
" I, A 15, do solemnly swear (or affiim) that 3 have never
voluntarily borne aim* against the United Stares since I
ha\ e been a citizen thereof; that j have voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or eneouiaxemenf to persons
engaged in aimed hostility thereto; that I have neither
sought, nor accepted, noi attempted to cxerch-e the func-
tions of any office whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority in honditj to the United States; that I
have not yielded a voluntary support to any pietetided gov-
ernment." authouty, powci. or constitution Within the Uni-
ted States, hostile or mimical theieto And I do further
swear (oi affn in) that to the Ikm of my knowledge and abil-
ity f will suppoi t and delend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted State.- against all enemies, foieign and domestic; that
i will bear tiue laith and allegiance to the same; that I take
this obligation ticelj, without auv luentai ie-erv,tUon or
purpo-u ol cviMuii; and itmt 1 will well and faithfully dis-
eiiaige the duties of the ofFicc on which I am about to enter.
So help me God. /
" Which oath, so taken and signed, shall be preserved
amoim the filc^ of the court. Ilou-e of Cowries, or depait-
ment to which the said office may appeiiain."
As a matter of practice, t apprehend that the
appiopriate way of doing this would be for the
Secietary to draw up this oath, and let it be sub-
scribed and swum to by each Senator elected after
the passage of the net. Of course it applies to
those only, for tho language is 45 hereafter every
pci son 'elected or appointed." I do not know that
any motion in repaid to it is necessary further
than calling; the attention of the Piepidm^ Officer
and of the Senate to the law. ifa motion beie-
garded as necessary, I make the motion that the
Secretary be direeled to prepaie the oath, and pre-
sent it to each S'-natoi who has hern elected since
the pas^atre of'ihe act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
pivsumes it is «mfiici   t to call the attention of
Senators to that duty, and that that duty will be
performed as required by law.
