fii
TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
expert, if J shall have the good fortune to survive
ulitil that day, to see the Constitution in its vigor
and purity restored, and the Union restored, and
to see not one foot of slave soil within the terri-
torial limits of the United States. I hope, sir, to
live to see that day. I expect to live to see that
day; and-1 want, when that great day shall ar-
rive, to have the pleasure of joining in its festiv-
ities, and listening to the roar of its cannon and
to the joyous shouts of the people of the whole
United States, that not only Missouri but every
other slaveholding State is that day, at least, free,
redeemed, emancipated from the pestilence.
Now that I am up, sir, I desire to say one word
more in reference to this bill. I like the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and shall vote for it with pleasure. The
scheme of that amendment is to authorize the Gov-
crnmentof the United States to issue §20,000,000
in the bonds of the United States, to lie delivered
over to the State of Missouri to aid her in bring-
ing about the emancipation of her slaves. The
State authorities are authorized by this bill—in-
vited, perhaps, would be the more proper term—
to take steps for the emancipation of the slaves
ir. that State. Naturally, the first question which
arises is, whether it is authorized by the Consti-
tution of the United States; and upon this ques-
tion, I understand the learned Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] to express it as his opinion
that Congress is not clothed with competent au-
thority under the Constitution to pass this bill, for
the reason that Congress, as he insists, has no au-
thority whatever to interfere or intermeddle with
the so-called institution of slavery in any of the
States,
Mr. President, have we a right to use all the
means which are reasonable,necessary, and proper
to put ail end toJ-lie civil war now raging in the
State of Missouri? Have we a right to suppress
the insurrection in that State ? Have we a right
to bring about a perfect quietude and pacification
of the people within the limits of that State, now
agitated by the rebellion ? Have we a right to take
means and to use instruments, not in themselves
absurd or unreasonable, to insure this most de-
sirable result? It appears to me that there can-
not be any doubt upon this point. Congress cer-
tainly has the power to suppress insunection: it
has a right to protect, secure, and perpetuate the
public tranquillity; and to this end to use the means
which are natural and reasonable, adapted to the
end. I discover nothing in the Constitution itself
against it. The Constitution declares, to be sure,
" that no State shall enter into any treaty, alliance,
or confederation," &o. This arrangement which
we are about to make with the State of Missouri
does not fall within this category, for 1 do not un-
derstand it to bo either a tieaty, an alliance, or a
confederation. These terms relate particularly to
foreign treaties of a political character, and do not
relate to the internal governmentof the Republic.
They constitute in themselves simply a restraint I
upon the States of the Union against entering into j
any political and public treaty with a foreign Gov- i
ernment or foreign Power; and such, I believe,
is the sense in which they have been read liy the
great text-writers upon the Constitution; and they
have never, so far as 1 know, by our own publi-
cists, been carried beyond that meaning. They
are confined to foreign treaties of a public, politi-
cal, or commercial character. But the next clause
in the Constitution seems to carry upon its face a
permission to tiie States toenterinto arrangements
or compacts with the Federal Government. It is
in the following words; |
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay 1
any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships of war m time of
p*ace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
State, or with a foreign Power, or engage m war unless
actually invaded," &e.
Now, sir, the implication is to my mind irre-
sistible that by the conscnt of Congress it is com-
petent for any two or more States to enter into
any description of compact which Lhey may deem
necessary for the protection of their own domestic
interests, no matter what may be the nature of
that compact. By the consent of Congress, a State
may Jay tonnage duties; they may keep troops or
ships of war in time of peace, although they can-
net actually wage and carry on war except to re-
pel invasion. By the consent of Congress they
may enter into any agreement or compact with
other States or with a foreign Power, Now, sir,
the practical construction which has been placed
upon this article of the Constitution has been in
accordance with the views which I entertain. I
think that in the case of every one of the new
States on their being respectively admitted into the
Union, the State itself has entered into a compact
with the United States in reference to the public
lands lying within its limits, and limitations and
restraints have, under these compacts, been uni-
formly imposed upon the sovereign power of those
States in reference to the public lands. For in-
stance, Congress in those compacts, has, I think
in all cases of new States, set apart the sixteenth
section of the public lands in each township, as a
fund for the support of primary schools for the
education of the children of the township, and
sometimes it has been placed in trust in the hands
of the State for the purposes of education. It has
been solemnly adjudged on more occasions than
one that the compact upholding this trust was a
valid, binding compact, binding upon the State
and upon the Government of the United States,
and that it is in and of itself not merely a pledge
of the faith of the State and of the Government of
the United States, but that it has the effect of a
law.
I can cite the attention of Senators also to some
other cases which are not without their interest,
and which tend to corroborate the idea I have ad-
vanced. In 1842, the treaty commonly known as
the Ashburton treaty was entered into, and in and
by that treaty several of the New England States
were shorn of large portions of their territoty. A
large snip of countiy was taken from the State of
Maine and given to Great Britain; a portion also
-was taken from the State of New Hampshire and
given to the same Power, and another portion
from the State of Vermont. This wasdoneunder
the treaty-making power, to be sure, but by and
with the consent of the States themselves, and I
know not that any person has yet presented him-
self who has denied the validity of that treaty or
of the grants which were thus made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States with the consent of
the States. That land is at this day held by the
British Government by virtue of the Ashburton
treaty, which depends for its force and validity
upon the assent of the States concerned. If in
this I am mistaken,! shall be glad to be corrected
by the Senators from Maine or Now Hampshire.
Let us apply the same principle to Missouri.
She is now in a slate of civil war; she has been
engaged m it from the commencement of the rebel-
lion down to the present time. One of the great
causes which produced the war, as we all know
very well, although not perhaps the only cause, is
the existence of the institution of slavery. The
gallant loyal people of that State have shown a
heroism, an ondurance,a patience, andaconstancy
under the calamities which the war has brought
upon them worthy of all praise, worthy of the
endurance even of Romans in the palmiest days
of the republic. They have shown their fidelity
to the old flag and to the old Government in every
form in which loyalty and heroism could be ex-
hibited. Sir, they have stood fast by us, although
their fields have iceked with slaughter, although
the hanks of almost every stream within the
limits of their beautiful State have been drenched
with their blood; although almost every door-stll
m their frontier settlements has been red with the
blood of the inmates. That portion of her people,
cutting themselves loose from the influences of
the secessionists, have made up their minds, in
order to bring about the perfect pacification of the
State, and to make it a free State, to proceed to
the emancipation of their slaves, and thus put an
end to the great cause of controversy there. Sir,
for one I am willing to aid them. I am willing to
go as far as the furthest will £0 in this humane
attempt. We do not intermeddle with the sov-
ereign rights of Missouri, but she comes to us by
her representatives in Congress, and asks of us
the aid which we have promised to render her by
our resolution of the last session. I feel bound,
sacredly bound by the obligation of that resolu-
tion, and I cannot give it the construction which
the Senator from Maine has given it, that it car-
ries with it no obligation on the part of Congress to
render this aid. That resolution is in the follow-
ing words:
" That tlto United States ought to cooperate with any Stato
which may adopt gradual abolishment of slavery, giving to
buch State pecuniary aid to be used by such State in its
discretion to compensate for the inconvenience, public and
private, produced by such change or system.-*'
I hold that resolution to be a pledge of the faith
not merely of the United States as a political com-
munity, but of the faith of every member of Con-
gress who voted for it, that whenever a proper
opportunity shall be presented for extending aid,
to any of these States, we will vote it. I can give'
it no other construction. If there is anything that
is binding on my conscience in any act that i have
done here, it is the obligation expressed upon the
face of that resolution. I hold it to be binding
now, binding upon each of us who voted for it, and
binding upon the Government of the United States;
and I think the time has come now, when, in re-
spect to Missouri, we ought to hasten, cheerfully,
to extend aid to her, m order that she may rescue
herself from the dangers which surround her.
It is true that the resolution speaks of render*
ing aid for the gradual emancipation of the slaves.
1 do notattach any importance to the word grad-
ual." Whenever one of the bolder States orany
loyal State comes to the conclusion that the time
has arrived when it ought to commence taking
steps for the emancipation of its slaves, whether
that emancipation shall be immediate, or whether
it shall be gradual, I hold myself bound by the
spirit and intention of the resolution to come to
the aid of that State; and I will not stop to dis-
cuss, with the sharpness of an argument upon a
demurrer to a special plea, what is the particular
meaning of the word "gradual," as contained in
the resolution. I did not, however,understand the
Senator from Ohio as making a pointon the word
"gradual." The spirit of the resolution is that
we shall come to the aid of these States; and I am
ready now, and shall continue to be ready at all
times, to hasten to the assistance of any State that
shall ask us for aid, whether that State shall be
Missoun or Kentucky or Maryland or Delaware
or any other loyal State within whose limits sla-
very shall exist. It is important to us not only
to keep our faith with those States, but it is im-
portant to the country, in my judgment, that steps
•should be speedily taken for the removal of this
great curse from the nation.
I hope, sir, the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to this clause will not be adopted; but
with the exception of that, I shall with great
pleasure vote for the whole of his amendments.
Mr. CLAIIK. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from Michigan to the corresponding
change which is proposed by the Senator from
Missouri to the second section. As the commit-
tee reported this bill, it provides for the payment
of $30,000,000 to the State of Missouri in case it
shall abolish slavery at any time before the 4th of
July, 1876. The Senator from Missouri proposes
to have the time enlarged; but that the State shall
only receive $10,000,000 if it abolishes slavery to
take effect at any time after 18C5; but he says if
we receive but $10,000,000 for gradual emancipa-
tion we must have a longer time; we cannot eman-
cipate with $10,000,000, and have it take rfFectas
early as 1876; but give us until 1885, and we will
accept $10,000,000for gradual emancipation. He
puts in the alternative; so that in considering this
amendment we are to consider the fact that we
reduce the amount one half.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; but my idea is that
thirteen years will be quite sufficient to bring about
even gradual emancipation in Missouri. That is
the idea I entertain. It seems to me that 1885 is
a little too long to do what wc can do within thir-
teen years, if we do anything.
Mr. CLAIIK. Mr. President, I am opposed
to the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
I am, with the Senator from Michigan, willing
to keep in good faith the resolution adopted by
the Senate and House of Representatives at the
last session. I am willing to aid any State in the
gradual emancipation or in the immediate eman-
cipation of its slaves; but I am not willing i.haf
we should bear, as the Senator from Missour in 
timaUis we should, the whole of this burden I
am wiling to aid the State. While I can see that
it will be of great consequence to the United States
to be rid of slavery in Missouri, to make that a
loyal State, it is also of great consequence to the
State of Missouri in her future progress that she
should be a free State: so that while the United
States reap a part of the benefit, Missouri is to
reap a part of the benefit. 1 conceive it to be quite
long enough that we put off this emancipation for
