1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CrLOBB.
thirteen years, and pay for that gradual emanci-
pation $10,000,000.
Now, sir, I will tell you what I am willing to
do, and i will move so to amend the bill. I am
willing to give the State of Missouri §15,000,000
if she will make that emancipation by the 4th of
July, 1865, and 1 will give her $10,000,000 to
make it by the 4th of July, 1876. I will give her
$5,000,000 more to make it ten years sooner, and
let us be rid of the evil that much sooner. 1 will
make an inducement if I can to Missouri to be rid
of her slaves at the earliest moment, and I will
give her more help and more aid the earlier she
does it, because the United States will be the
gainer by it: we shall be rid of this evil before the
war closes, and it will help us to close the war;
but if we leave it for thirteen yeais, it will not
give us that aid that it ought to give.
1 want to go home, and say to my people—I
want to say to the American people—that I did
this for the great purpose of aiding to put down
the rebellion. I believe, as others do, that slavery
has been the cause of the rebellion. I believe that
when you kill that, and put it under your feet, re-
bellion is under your feet; and the sooner you do
it, the sooner the rebellion will be suppressed. I
want to end this struggle; and I will vote to pay
out money more liberally to put down rebellion
sooner than I will to put it down later. Let the
thing be finished up by the 4th day of July, 1865;
make the jubilee for the slave, as the Senator has
described it, ten years earlier. 1 hope I shall live
to join with him in the glorious jubilee which he
talk!1,about; but make it ten years earlier for the
slave, and we will only rejoice the more when it
comes around, because we shall have saved our
brothers and our sons from the devouring fire and
cursc of this rebellion. We shall have more to
rejoice with us; and I would rather pour out the
money of the Government than pour out the
blood of its citizens.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
ment, in line twenty-one of section one, to strike
out the words t( 1876" and to insert *' 1885' so
that the clause will read;
Nor unJests said act shall provide that slavery or involun-
tary seivitudc witliin said Stale, except in punishment of
crime, shall forever cease and determine on some day not
later than tlie 4th day of July, 1885, and never aitcnvaids
be introduced therein.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is taken
I will remaik that, if this amendment shall be
adopted, I shall desire the amount to be reduced. 1
will frankly state to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, who seems certainly to misapprehend my
ideas about this matter, that the very same differ-
ence that exists here, apparently, amongst mem-
bers, exists in my own Legislature. Some of them
arc in favor ofim mediate emancipation ;some are in
favor of gradual emancipation. I want to put the bill
in the alternative. If they prefer immediate eman-
cipation Willi $20,000,000, let them take it; if they
prefer gradual emancipation, then we will give but
half the amount. I do not honestly believe that
$15,000,000 will emancipate the slaves and pay for
them,constitutionally, by 1865, nor by 1876. I am
sure of it. I have as much interest in the subject
as the Senator ran have.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will pardon
me a moment—suppose we give, on the part of the
United States, $15,000,000, and suppose the State
of Missouri adds $15,000,000 more. That makes
$30,000,000, each party bearing its half; and that
js $300 for each slave, man, woman, and child, if
'.here be one hundred thousand in the State, as is
lepreseniod; and that is enough.
Mi*. HENDERSON. I hold in my hand the
report of the auditor of the State of Missouri,
recently made to the Legislature of that State. I
fnd that in 1861, in the midst of civil war all over
the State, with a very imperfectassessment, when
the assessors could scarcely discharge their duties
in various counties, there were returns made from
fifty-ei^ht out of one hundred and fourteen coun-
ties. Fifty-eight were assessed, and fifty-six not
aftsepwl In the counties assessed there were
seventy-one thousand and eighty-eight slaves,
valued at$22,130,280. It is a well-known fact in
my State that the assessments made for the pur-
poses of State taxation are scarcely ever more
than half the value of the property. I hold in
my hand the ceusus of i860, and 1 find that the
assessed value of real estate in Missouri was
§153,000,000, and that of personal property
$113,000,000, making §266,000,000, and the real
value of both sorts of property in the State was
$501,000,000. The assessment for the purposes
of State taxation, therefore, did not exceed one
half of the real value of the property. In 1861
we were in the midst of a civil war there; prop'
erty had depreciated much more than in 1860;
peihaps the assessments made were even smaller,
and a great deal of property was left out of the
assessment; and yet we find that the slaves of
one half of the counties of my State were valued
at largely over $22,000,000. At the same rate the
real value of that property would be $44,000,000;
and one third of the slaves of the State were left
out in theassc&mententirely. In 1862, when we
were again in the midst of civil war in the State,
when the assessment was much more impcrfect,
I find thirty-five counties out of one hundred and
fourteen assessed giving thiity-eight thousand
one hundred and forty-seven slaves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him why they did not have the wholo
assessment of the State?
Mr. HENDERSON. Because it could not be
taken in many counties. Civil war was raging
in some of the comities of the State, and an as-
sessor would have been in danger of his life if he
had undertaken the business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it not probable that
in those counties most of the slaves have disap-
peared ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose in a great many
of them that a large number of the slaves have dis-
appeared. iti 1861, some counties were held by
military authority, and they were assessed; in
1862, other counties were held by the military
authorities, and they were assessed; but I do not
think, with my knowledge of the State, that it
would be fair to make any other than a fair aver-
age of the loss as it is shown by the assessment
of 1861.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. If my colleague
will permit me a moment, I will state that there is
another reason why the assessment was not made
for the present year. The assessors commenced
taking their lists on the 1st of September^ and in
many of the large counties the returns were not
made up in time to be included in the report. For
that reason many of the counties in which there
was no obstruction to the civil authoiity appear
not to have been assessed for this return, and
they will be in due time returned to the office.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is another fact
which I may state also. In some of the counties
there were no officers to take the assessment at
all. There was, perhaps, no obstruction in those
counties; but, owing to the condition of affairs
existing in my State for several years past, we
had no officers to take the assessment. I find,
then, thirty-eight thousand slaves in one third of
the eountics assessed in 1862,and the value ofthe
slaves putdown at $3,411,606. There is but little
over one third of the slaves actually assessed in
thirty-five counties out of the one hundred and
fourteen in the State, and there cannot be less,
therefore—and I believe it is now conceded on all
hands—than one hundred thousand slaves in the
State. I know it personally as a fact that prop-
erty is never assessed in my State for the put-
poses of taxation at over one half its value. Then
assuming—and we have no other criterion to go
by—that this assessment is the same as that of
1860, and the real value of one third ofthe slaves
ofthe State, as shown in 1862, would be the rise
of $16,000,000. At the same rate it would take
the rise of $40,000,000 to pay for them. Since
this assessment, slaves have largely risen in value
in the State.
1 ask Senators, then, how can we adopt im-
mediate emancipation upon $15,000,000? I say
the thing is utteily impossible, utterly impracti-
cable. I hope that the amendment 1 propose will
be adopted. There are some Senators here,like
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who in-
sistthatemancipation mustbegradual in my State.
He cannot vote for any proposition of emancipa-
tion unless it is gradual. He does not want any
immediate emancipation. The Senator frora Mas- -
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,) with the very sftmein*.
tegrity of purpose, with the same desire to accom-
plish the purpose, says he must have it immediate;
and so says the Senator from l^ew Hampshire.
If the bill is to fall between the contrariety.of
opinion that I find here, let it fall at once.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator misunderstood me
if lie understood me to say it must be immediate,
I said I was willing to give more to have it imme-
diate; but I was willing to give $10,000,000 for
gradual emancipation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from New Hampshire what difference
there will be in the effect upon the present rebel-
lion between a system of emancipation that closes,
in 1876 and a system that closes in 1885.
Mr. CLARK. Well, Mr. President, it may be
difficult for me to answer the question in full, but
I can see enough in the case, I think, to satisfy
my own mind and to warrant me in voting for
$5,000,000 more if it be immediate; because if the
people of Missouri make up their minds that the
thing is to come to an end and to come at once,
they will return at once to their loyalty, and the
rebellion will be the sooner suppressed; but if the
emancipation is to he protracted and the day put
off, these people may hope that something may
turn up to save slavery,'and they will be halfloyal,
half sccesh. I would rather have the thing determ-
ined at once.
Let me refer to the emancipation of the slaves
in this District as an example. When that bill
was before the Senate, 1 believe, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was in favor of gradual
emancipation in the District; other Senators were.
We abolished it, and the evil ceased in a day, and
the complaint of it almost ceased in a day, and
we knew no more about it than if a gentle wav<5
had gone over us; and then we were as quiet as
we were before. It is much like being cured of
a disease in a day instead of having it linger for
thirteen or twenty years. The sooner we get rid
of it the better.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let mc ask the Senator,
if a majority of the Missouri Legislature was not
in favor of immediate emancipation, would he not
be glad to see a system of gradual emancipation
adopted in the State?
Mr. CLARK. I stated that I would propose
an amendment giving $15,000,000 of bonds for
immediate emancipation by the 4th day of July,
1865, and giving $10,000,000 of bonds for eman-'
cipation by the 4th of July, 1876. I want to make
it an object for the Legislature of Missouri tc
abolish it the sooner, and therefore I offer to give
more money. I am willing to take the one if I
cannot get the other. I preferthe immediate eman-
cipation, and will give more money for that; but if
I cannot have that, I am willing to pay $10,000,000
for gradual emancipation.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator agrees with:
me exactly in one point; and that is, that if eman-
cipation is to be adopted immediately, more money
must necessarily be paid. I believe myself, so far
as the results in a national point of view are con-
cerned, that it would be a great deal better if im-
mediate emancipation should be adopted; but Jet
me say to the Senator that there are other benefits
to result from gradual emancipation to a people
situated as are the people of Missouri. I do not
know whether a majority of the Missouri Legis-
lature would, under any circumstances, vote for
immediate emancipation. I cannot tell what their
feelings are on that subject. If they are not in
favorof immediate emancipation this bill provides
that they may adoptgradual emancipation. I say
to the Senator that with $10,000,000 I do not be-
lieve emancipation can be carried out in the State
between now and 1876. That is my impression;
but if the policy is once inaugurated in the State,
I believe the time will be shortened by subsequent
Legislatures if they can possibly do it; and I think
they can. It is all-important to make the first step.
If there be any good in this thing, let one step be
taken, and the other will follow as a matter of
course. It is not material to be quibbling about
the time here; and it is only to present the argu-
ment in favor of some sort of system of emanci-
pation in the State that I desire that this amend-
ment shall be adopted.
Now, sir, the Legislature of Missouri cannot
