l£56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
last session of Congress imposing this oath. When
the question was first decided in the Senate, the
Senate, by a majority of 20 to 18, rejected the bill
upon argument, I have forgotten whether it was
upon the return of the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives) or upon what stage of proceeding
the Senate afterwards passed the law; but I rec-
ollect distinctly that in the first action which the
Senate took upon the subject it voted to reject the
law by a vote of 20 to 18.
Now, sir, as I intimated yesterday morning, I
am opposed to the adoption of this additional rule,
because I think that the law winch authorizes and
requires it is flagitiously unconstitutional. What
does the additional rule amount to ? Simply to the
imposition of a test oath. That is the matter in
a few words. Is it competent for the Senate of the
United States to pass a law authorizing and re-
quiring a test oath to be taken by the members
of the two Houses of Congress? I recollect that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] at the last session, admitted! although
not in very precise and distinct terms, that he had
been opposed to the execution of the fugitive slave
law in the city of Boston under Mr. Fillmore's
administratiom
Among the examples which I put in my argu-
ment against this bill when it was pending, was
this: suppose the membeis who passed the fugi-
tive slave law had required that every member of
Congress before taking his seat should take an
oath to uphold and to assist, in tin1 execution of that
fugitive slave law. I hold itwould have been just
as competent for the Congress which passed the
fugitive slave law to have-imposed such an oath
as it was for this Congress, at its last session, to
have imposed the oath now under consideration.
What would gentlemen then have suid? What
would the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
then have said, if a law had been passed imposing
upon him and every member of the Senate the ne-
cessity of taking that oath? I buppose, sir, that
he would have assumed at once that, such a law
as that would have been unconstitutional; and that
such would have been its character 1 entertain no
doubt.
If this body and the other House, by law, have
a right to impose a test oath in one form, and in
relation to one matter, they have in relation to
any mutter and in any foim that they may deem
proper, except so far as it is expiesslv inhibited
by the words of the Constitution. What would
prevent Congress fiom passing a law requiring
every member of the two Houses to susiatn the
Administration? If we go on progressing as we
have, been proceeding forsome few years, u won Id
not be at ail strange that we should be brought ex-
actly to tlmtconditimi of things and to that identi-
cal proposition. The majoiny in the Senate have
n gieat aversion to the "eoppei head Democrats."
In the vicissitudes of pai ty politics, suppose that
within three or four y< ars the copperhead Dem-
ocrats get possession of the Government, m the
executive and in the legislative departments, and
they come up with their test oaths for the pur-
pose ofsustaining their school of polities and prin-
ciples; aie gentlemen ready to admit that they
will not have the constitutional power to do so?
They would have as much power to impose their
forms of oath, to secure their party ends,as (here
was in the last Congress tu pass this law. I will
read the law; it not long:
"Beit enacted, <$c., That hereafter, ever y person elected
or appointed to uuv office of Junior <>i pi otit under th<' Gov
eminent ofthe Tinted State--, cither in the < ivil, imhtan , or
naval dcpai tinent oi iho public t?ci vice, except ihit t lie Pi evi-
dent of the United .^uie-., i-hall, In-line onioj i jjtr upon the
dutie> ot -iteh oflice, and before being entitled to anv ol the
salary or otliei rinolmm nt* thereof. take and -uh-erihe the
following oitii oi atli, mixtion : ' I, A It, do .-.oleninlv--wear
(or allirni) that I !i iv never vohmunK home arm^'agamM
the United Suier-Miiee J have been citizen the'cof; that I
have volinitaniv given no aid. countenance, couiim-1. oi cn-
coniagemi i>r to pci-on - engaged in aimed ho?t:!it\ thetcto;
that 1 have neither nought noi accepted noi attempted to
exercise the function-* of any ofijee whatcvei under any au-
thority, or pieicndul authoiitv. in ho-tiiity to the United
States; that I have not vicUh-d a vohmiaiy Nippon to auj
pretended government, authonty, power, or constitution
within the United State--, bo-t iJc oi mimical thereto. And
i do lurtin i -vvi ai (oi attain) That, to the be-t of niy knowl-
edge and ability. I will s-uppoit and defend the Constitu-
tion oi tiic United tftatc- against ail enetuie-, foreign and
domestic ; that 1 wilJ hear true faith and allowance to tin;
sane*; turn I take tli:- obhgntmn free.lv, without anv men-
tal reservation or puipo.^e of evi-ion :',\nd that 1 will well
and faithfully discharge the dutioot the office on which I
am about tu eater. So iiclp me God.' ">
Now, sir, to that oath, in all its forms and in
every point which it comprehends, if it was at-
tempted to be imposed upon me by any legitimate
authority, I should noi take the least exception;
and if i should he forced to take it, which ! do not
expect to be, I know I could take it with as clear a
conscience as any man in this body. But I hold
that the Congress has no power to pass a law im-
posing such an oath; that it would be a most mis-
chievous precedent, one entirely without the com-
petence of Congress to impose; and that it would
be subject through the indefinite future to the most
flagrant abuse from the precedent and principle
which it would adopt,and therefore 1 am opposed
to it.
Sir, I will examine the law a moment or two.
I took my seat here and was qualified in Decem-
ber of last year; and what right has the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to attempt to impose a
rule of the Senate which will require me now to
take that oath ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is not retroactive.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator proposed to
tender one.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Theact says " hereafter."
Mr. DAVIS. It does not affect me now; but
if I was ever to be elected to another office it might
affect me hereafter; and I care not what party or
what power attempted to impose such an oath
upon me, I would resist it by all the power, by
all the resources that 1 could command.
Sir, Congress exercises a delegated, limited
power. What authority m the Constitution is
there that delegates to Congress, either directly
or by necessary implication, or as an auxiliary
power, the authority to impose a test oath ? 1 say
that Congress has no such power. That, then, is
one distinct objection to the validity and the con-
stitutionality of the law. Congiess has no power
to impose a test oath upon the membeis of Con-
greys. The same objection in another form is
this, thai it. is adding another qualification which
is necessary in authorize a man to be admitted to
a seat in the Senate or in the House of Repre-
sentatives. The decision read when this measure
was before Confess at its last session, by the
Senator from Illinois, is no authority whatever
to sustain the constitutionality of the law. Every
conclusion which it jiuthoiizes, and every argu-
ment which may be addu< ed from it, is of a con-
trary tendency. I have that decision before me,
and as it is not long I will read it.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the ease 3
i\] i. DAVIS, TluP case of Barker i\s. The Peo-
ple in ei t or to the General Sessions of the Peace
m the city of New York:
k£ Kioin the teturn to the wilt of erioi, it appeared Mint
Jacob I'ailcM, the plaintiff* i n enoi, m F< biuai), ltf."2. wa-
indicted ai tin* Gcnciul ; (_'s_-ion-- toi -ending a ehailenge to
David Uogei-uo right a duel Tin indictment contained
five count.-; thetn-i Join counts were louudedon the act.
pa—ed the oih of N"vemb< r, 1 BIG. cnutlcd • An to -up'
press dueling.* (5>o.-?iun -10, chap. 1,) which declare* that
j. il anv pet-on -.hall challenge anothei to light a duel, &,o ,
!| oi Miall act epi a eh.illeug< i" light a duel. &c.. or fh'till be
'! the heaiei ot a challenge &c .-neb per-on shall be deemed
;! guilty of a pubhe oifeu-e; ' and, being convicted thereof.
11 f-ball be mea pable of hold ins oi be in a elected to any po--t
; j ot piofi t. tni.-t, oi etii1 il urnenl.  . i vil <>i niihtai \, undo ihi>
I Stale.' A nolle w.i- entiied on the fii'ih count
| The plaintiff in enor wa- tried on the indictment, at tbe
Geneial cm\- ion*, m Ma> la.-t. and convicted And the
i| eouil bHovv, theieupon. tfave judgment that k he be inea
m pable oi holding or Immii" elected to any po-t nI piofit, tl u-t.
'' oi emolument, civil oi milium', iimjei the State oi ISievv
ij Vol N.'
' '* The plnmlitT in enor, in proper person, submitted the
! | follow nig que-tion.- :
.1 "1. Wbetltei the ,ict under which he wa*. emmeted was
not contiaiy ami lepugnant io tin- constitution of the btate,
I then cm 11n?? (See- 1, 9, 13. 33 )
!j "•} Whetlier tlx* act wa> not icpugnant to the Consti-
j tut ion "i the United cfiuie- ? (Ai t- 8oI the Amendment:? )">
!j The only question that was laised under the
: Constitution of the United States against the va-
: bdity of that judgment was that it was in viola-
tion of the eighth amendment, which piesenbes
that cruel and unusual punishments shall not be
inflicted.
] *• 3. Whcthei it be not repugnant to the new or amended
eon>iitution of the State ; and. il -o. abioy.u- d inter the ia-t
day ot Febiuary l.'is-t^ bccau-e jelating to the right of suf-
frage? ( Vide Cou>titutiou, ait I.^ec. 3; art. 2. &cc. 2 j ait.
5, r-ec. *2; ait. 7, see?. 1, 13': art. 9, -ec. 1 )
li t Wboiln r the powei to dtshanchisc a citizen, and
render him inehsihle to any office, ha.- ever been granted
by the people, except m the ea>e of impeachment ?
" .r>. Whether the qualifications of an elector, and, con-
sequently, of the per-on to be eleetcd, can be changed or
j regulated by the Legislature, the same being fixed by the
: constitution ?
"6. Whether the power to disqualify a citizen is not con-
fined by the amended constitution to the ca*>e of a convic-
tion for an infamous cr'nie?
" 7. That the judgment in this case is clearly repugnant
to the sixth article of the amended constitution, winch de
Clares that '• no othci oath, decl.natiou, or test,' than tlu
oath of office, 'shall be lequired as a qualification foi un>
office oi public tn^t.' The term? used aie not synonymous
The wool test has a most extensive meaning, and piohibiti
the eMab!i«.h!ng of any other rule bv which the eligibility
of an officer shall be determined than rhat defined"by the
constitution. Not only tebt oatiis are prohibited, but all
modes of ascertaining the qualifications of the person
elected or appointed, which aie not clearly piovided by tbe
constitution. The provisions of the amended constitution
relate to the leceivcr. as well as the giver, of votes."
That is a summary of the facts of the case, and
the points that were raised in it. The Senate wtll
at once observe that the question came up totally
different there from what it does here. To accept
a challenge was made, by the law of New York,
a penal offense, and one of the punishments result-
ing from it was a disqualification to hold any
office or place of trust, profit, or emolument. Mr.
Barker violated the law by sending a challenge;
he was indicted for a breach of the law, and was
convicted before the sessions court of the city of
New York The cjuestion was taken Lo a revisory
court, and the revisory court there merely passed
upon the question whether the punishment that
hrul'been adjudged against him, as a citizen, for
having violated that law, was valid and constitu-
tional or not. The revisory court decided that it
wasa valid,constitutional judgment; that the law
was not unconstitutional. Spencer, chief justice,
delivered the opinion, and, as it is not long, I will
read it:
The plaintiff in error contends that the judgment of the
sessions is erroneous, and that the act on which it is
toutided, declai ing that-,uch dis-abilitv s-hal! en-ue on a con-
viction loi sending a challenge to fight a duel, i-> uncon-
stitutional : first, as regard-- the oi igm.il eon>titution of this
State; tecond. a-^ icg.uch the Constitution ot the United
State-; and thtrd. a- legnuN the amended constitution of
this State. The fir-t, ninth, thutecnth, and thirty-third
auiclus of the original conMitution ol tin?* fctate aie >aid to
bear upon thi< question, and the r-tatute i- -uppnsed to be
in repugnance to the provisions' of tlio-e au.'-le-. The first
nitich* forbid.- the exeici>e of any authority ovei the people
but >ueh a& shall be dei ived fiom or gianted b> them. The
powei  of the Slate Legislature aie not eonterred by an e*-
ptoj-s grant, but teMilt from the inMitution of a supreme
Legislature ; and it is an axiom that the Legislature possess
.ill power not expressly forbidden by the constitution of the
State or the United States, which relates to the prevention
of crime or the well ordering of society."
There is one of the great principles upon which
thts decision was rendered, and it is a principle
applicable to State governments but wholly inap-
plicable to the Constitution of the United States.
It is there assumed as a principle correctly, that
the State governments are plenary; that by the
organization of a legislative power in the State
governments they are possessed of all legislative
power except that which is withheld from the
legislative branch of the Government either by
the Federal or by the State constitution.
A message of an executive character was re-
ceived Itom the President of the United States, by
Mr. Njcolay, his Secretaiy.
Mi. I1AR1US. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky give way for a motion to go into executive
session. ["Oh, no!"] My own judgment is that
this is a very unprofitable discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 agree with the Senator;
it is an improper discussion.
Mr. HARRIS. Not improper, but unprofit-
able, 1 said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think, however, it is
necessary. It the Senate of the United States pro-
poses to repeal a law of Congress, ancj set at de-
fiance its own laws, I think we had better settle
it at once,
Mr. HARRIS. We cannot settle it to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. [ think .we can.
Mi. HARRIS. I am sure we cannot.
t Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry that the Senator
from New "Yoik should propose here a nullifica-
tion of a law of Congress.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 propose no such thing. I
propose to occupy time more profitably.
Mr. DAVIS* I yield the floor for the motion
to go into executive session.
Mr. HARRIS. I make that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not yield the floor so as to
forfeit my right to it.
Mr. GRIMES. We can go into executive ses-
tion and have our nominations referred, and some
of the committees can go on and transact their
business while the Senator from Kentucky ia
