618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
make free any slaves in that State without paying
for them. There are in the State say one hundred
thousand slaves. If they are all to be free within
thirteen years, perhaps two thirds of those slaves
would have to be paid for. Can it be done upon
$10,000,000? The Legislature, looking at the mat-
ter in this light, may not be willing to adopt this
system, and therefore I move to extend the time
to 1885. If one step is taken in advance, in all
probability a succeeding Legislature, or a conven-
tion to bo convened m a short time, will finish the
work. The Senator wilt see that I have provided
in the bill for shortening the time. Any subse-
quent Legislature may shorten the time fixed. If
this Legislature takes one step, subsequent ones
will take others; and therefore I say let this bill
be passed in this shape. It is the best shape in
which it can be passed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, this
bill is of vital importance to the people that I in
part represent. For eight years Kansas and Mis-
souri have been antagonists. On one side of the
line are ardent slaveholders, hating freedom and
free men and free labor. On our side of the line
we have ardent friends of freedom hating slavery
in every form. For eight years wc have beun
engaged in a war. So far as the people of Kan-
sas are concerned, they are desirotis for peace on
honorable terms with Missouri. The institutions
of Missouri and Kansas should be similar. The
interests of the people of Kansas are closely con-
nected with those of Missouri. If Missouri goes j
into the southern confederacy Kansas is endan- I
gered, If Missouri goes North, Kansas will go
North.
Mr. POMEttOY. We will not go out of the
Union.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have as much con-
fidence in the intelligence and courage of the peo-
ple of Kansas as lias my colleague; but I know
the important military position of Missouri; being
in front of us, between us and the western Status,
she would have largely the advantage.
I should like to ask the Senator from*New
Hampshire if in time of peace the question was
asked him, how much money will die people of
New Hampshire give to extend the area of free-
dom over sixty-five thousand square miles of this
country, what would his answer be? I think 1
know the people of New Hampshire well enough
to know that the answer would be, " it. is not to
bo estimated by dollars and cents." Here it i.i
proposed to extend freedom over sixty-five thou-
sand square miles of the bc«t country on this con-
tinent. Missouri to-day, foragrieultural resources
and mineral wealth, is supeiior to any State in
this Union. Give hoi fioedom, and she will s oon
be in point of population and in wealth among ihc
first Stales in the Union. We now have a Legis-
lature of our friends in session, who have come
up to Jefferson City to secure peace and freedom
to their State—men who are as sound as we are,
and as loyal to freedom and the country, as desii-
o\ts as we are to save the Union and to extend
the area of freedom. They know the opinions of
their constituents better than wc. So-far as I am
concerned I proposed to cooperate with them, and
not be higgling and baigaitnng to save a few dol-
lars in the transaction. Our friends in the Mts-
souii Legislature are as anxious as we to save the
country and secure fieedom to that State. They
say that it will require $20,000,000 to secure free-
dom by 1865, and ihatthey can secure fiecdom by
3885 with $10,000,000. I am confident I speak
the sentiment of my constituents when I say that
I am prepared, in older to secure freedom to Mis-
souri, and thereby peace and prosperity to Kansas,
to vote money enough to accomplish the object.
Give Missouri freedom,and theieby secure friend-
ship between her and Kansas; place her and Kan-
sas together, slinkier to shoulder, and you have
a barrier against the aggressions of slavery; and
they can take the contract, if you please, to clear
rebellion and slavery fiom the west side of the
Mississippi river; they can successfully contend
against Arkansas and Texas. Kansas and Mis-
souri free, can mustei in the Army of the country,
for the purpose of maintaining the Union, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand as gallant men as evei
shouldoied a musket. Then, I say, Mr. Presi-
dent, unue Kansas and Missouri, by the passage
of a biil that will secure freedom, either immediate
or gradual, to the latter State, f, of course, pre-
fer immediate emancipation, but would giveoui
friends in the Legislature the alternative; if^bey
cannot obtain the one let us take the other.
My colleague suggested yesterday that the im-
mediate emancipation of slavery m Missouri
would be a disadvantage to Kansas; that is, I sup-
pose, that emigration would be diverted from Kan-
sas to Missouri. My colleague forgot that the
people of Kansas have forty-four million acres of
land open to the homestead bill, while Missouri
has no such advantage to offer the emigrant. Give
to Kansas a future by giving-freedom to Missouri,
and close out this rebellion thereby; for I say to
the Senator from New Hampshire, and to the
Senate, that, in my opinion, the passage of a law
securing to Missouri either immediate or gradual
emancipation, will be a severer blow against this
rebellion than has been struck against it, or that
will be struck against it by any single victory.
Announce to the country that Missouri is to be
free, and the taking of Vicksburg will do us no
more good than will that victory. So far as I ani
concerned, if our Army in the field cannot gain
victories for freedom and the counTry, I propose
to gain them in the Halls of Congress. This will
be a victory potent in crushing out the rebellion,
the inauguration of a system that will finally save
the country.
While on the floor, Mr. President, I propose to
say a word in reference to the constituency I rep-
resent. From what has been hcaid in this city
some might be deceived into the belief that the
people of Kansas were prepared to make terms
with traitors. Sir, after all the States have joined
in agreeing to a compromise with treason, the
State I iu part represent will be found saying to
those States who have thus faltered in their duty
to the country, " do as you please, but so far as
Kansas is concerned, we will fight this rebellion,
and never consenting to a compromise that will
part with one single inch of our original territory;
never consenting to any terms except those of sub-
mission to the Constitution and the laws." As
evidence of the feeling of our people, I send to
the Secretary an extract from the message of the
Governor, recently elected, on this subject, which
i ask may be lead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read if
there be no objection.
The Secictary lead it, as follows:
 'Thf PrnRr.at. Itsion •—tho Union is the nation—the
Ft dcial fioveunnenttue ^oveinment ol the nation. TIkwo
who admm^ter it may. and mu.-t. repie<ent aputy; and
its acts and mea*ur(;s, its pimcjpies and policy, should be
eoa^ideicd and discussed Willi boldeHaud ('ref^t'-pint; the
t'loci the lietu r. But ttoe without or within, abioad or
at home, who shall a^ail ihe Union. who shall --eek to >eize
and overtlnow the piliat^oi the Republic. niu>t he inastoted.
Such foe, whoever he may ho, strike- atom common lil'o,
and mu^t he confjueicd by a common elYoit.
u Thk Apministk \tion —We stand by the Adminir-tia-
lion, iheji, because the Adinmi-iioi ton is ihe oigani/.cd au-
thoi ity of the nation It lahoied to avoid our pie-ent
noubles. It has sought Union m the^pititoi Union. It lias
done nothing, proper d nothing, a-^eited nothing in opin-
ion oi principle, wlrn h invaded, oi wliu h thi< atoned to in-
vade, the nghtf of the States oi violate the letter or spirit
of the Fcdcial Con>titutio . No entreaty, no appeal, no
torbeaiancc hasavaiJed. By fraud and le-uipation, the lead-
ers of the rebellion have compelled an unwilling people in
the South to defend them, and by ruthless violence and
icckless action have forced upon the eountiy its fearful
struggle for lite. Tin- Admnitsttauon would s-nve that. We
sii-tam it, theiefoie, because m that life resis our hope of
libeity and happiness.
'• We stand by the Administration, too, because it avows
the only pt meiplc upon which the lite of the nation depends.
The Chief JMajristrate of the Republic thu- declates it:
" ' In giving iieedom to the -lave, we as-ure freedom to
the fiee, houoiabJe alike in what we give and what we pie-
serve.' * * * * ' The way !•< plain, peaceful,
generous, ju^t—a way, which, if followed, the woiid will
toiever applaud, and God forevci bles^ 5
"The liory tunl tlnough which the Government is pars-
ing is plain to ail. As the puipo^cs ot the leaders oi this
eau^eles" lebelhonare unthreaded, their dM>ign to bieed
an.uehy m the free, and c-tabh^h despotism in the slave
States, is made palpable as the day. The white man. out-
side ot the favoied cla?-, will become a va^al in the South,
if the rebel leader* of the South shall tuumpli. Nor can
the ficemen oi the free Suites escape the ill effects of their
brother' tin all. The hone of the white] ace in these United
State, then, lefts, not merely upon mastering the leaders ot
the rebellion, but, iu tooung'out the caih-e of the lebeliion
Jt-elf. : The ^uiest u av,' -ays. B-ieon, £ to prevent seditions
is to take awa> the mattet of them ; for, iftheiebc fuel pie-
paied, it i? haid to tell whence the tpark shall come that
shall >.et it on fire.'' Thus only can we assure freedom to
the free.
" Discnion.—1Tune was when the word d^union would
startle the Ameuean car wherever heaid. That time has
passed. It eomes to us now in armed and bloody intent-
But our obligation to meet it, m any and every form, is as
deep now as when the Government was first organized.
United, gi^atne.-- and growth are our?—disunited, dxstiac-
Uon and desolation wiil be the result, The Union ha  in-
sured to us every blowing. It has made the people flnppy.
Itliab developed the lesouiccs o( the countrv, secured peane
and s-afcty to every citizen, arid made the Republic a home
for the virtuou-, biave, and fiee, whether boin on oiirown
or foieign soil. Disunion will thwart the^e good influences,
and s-mite every hope of freedom. For the West, under the
happiest results* which may be anticipated, it means the
abandonment of the Mississippi river,and its vntual ^elu-
sion fiom the sea-coast. For the Republic, sepai ate confed-
eracies. with peipntual war raging among them, inviting
foreign interference, and involving the civilised world ui
the fearful conflict."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, with
a population of one hundred and six thousand
souls, and a voting population of eighteen thou-
sand, Kansas has her fourteenth regiment in the
field. Notwithstanding this draft upon our pop-
ulation, we have carried every single county in the
State, with one exception, for the straight Repub-
lican ticket. Our Governor speaks the honest sen-
timents of our people when hesays Kansas stands
by the administration of the Government; she
looks upon this rebellion as having been forced
upon the country uniustiy; and it is her determ-
ined purpose to stand by the flag until the rebels
arc forced into submission; and he who attempts
to speak for Kansas other than he does on the
subject of this rebellion, knows but little of our
gallant people.
Mr. President, having confidence in the mem-
bers of the Legislature ofMissouri, in their judg-
ment and their zeal in the cause of emancipation,
I will follow the programme of the Senator from
Missouri who represents them on this floor, and
vote for the amendments he has proposed. A
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, in requiring that a practical measure that
shall secure the object intended shall be adopted,
I have no fear of being accused of illiberality or
of want of fidelity to the cause of the slave. I
have a record, sir, of twenty-seven years, and no
vote of mine during those years, for men or for
measures or for principles, has been in support of
slavery. The Senator from Missouri himself does
not feel more deeply than I feel in favor of aiding
his State to become a free State. I objected yes-
terday to this extension of time to 1876, and more
than all to the amendment now pending extending
it to 1885, and I do it because I care everything
for time, while I care hut very little for the money,
precious as it now is to us. I am willing to vote
money to aid this great work of emancipation, of
order, of peace. 1 would rather vote it to eman-
cipate Missouri than to support the war in Mis-
souri made necessary there by the existence of
slavery. I think, as a war measure, it is the wisest
thing we can do to vote the necessary sum of
money togetslavery atomic outof that State, and
we are acting upon the question as a war measure,
and as a measure to put down this rebellion.
Now, sir, if the Senator from Missouri will
agree to fix the 1st day of January, 1865, or the
4th of July, 1865, I will not dispute with him in
regard to the sum of money. 1 will state to that
Senator the reason especially why I wish this
emancipation policy in his State closed now. I be-
lieve that the cause of this country is to triumph;
that this foul slave holders 'rebellion, broughtupou
this country without any cause whatever, will be
put down; but I do not believe when it goes down
that the dark spirit that made this rebellion will
go down with it. I expect to see these. Chambers
filled again—not by the leading traitors who plot-
ted treason here, who plunged this country into
the fire and blood of revolution—but I do expect
to see many of their disciples here who have fol-
lowed them, who have sustained this rebellion;
and 1 expect to see in these Chambers and in this
Government again—not permanently, but tem-
porarily—a large class of men who have been the
ohf dient followers of the men who are now iu re-
volt, or who sympathize more or less to-day with
rebels in arms.
Here is a proposition to extend this time from
1876 to 1*^5, twenty-two years. We are to give
$10,000,000 of our money, and they are to have
their slaves for twenty-two years. When twenty
years have passed away, they will have had
twenty-two or twenty-three millions of money,
and will have all their slaves still. Then suppose
they choose to continue slavery. How are we to
enforce it against the State ? We have its plighted
faith, but we have before had plighted faith in this
country and that faith violated. If we allow the
time to go to 1876, we agree to give $10,000,000,
and they have their slaves and woik their slaves
