1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
foi tliirtjrn years. They will have the money;
t*iey will have its accumulated interest, and still
what security have we except their pledge?
Sir, I see the importance of making Missouri a
r*ee State now, and 1 shall vote for a practical
measure for that purpose. I believe emancipation
m Missouri to be of transcendent importance—an
importance that I can hardly measure, and I want
its benefits now. I want certainty; I want to
1 now that the thing is to be accomplished when
I vote to tax the toiling men of my State to free
the State of Missouri, I want to know that it is
to be brought about, and I would make assur-
ance doubly sure now. The sentiment of the
country may be perverted; the waves of reac-
tion may roll over us; it may be the interest of
political organizations to undo this noble work.
Should that day come, not only our money would
be lost, but the cause itself would be lost in that
State. I have, as the Senator from Kansas has,
a reasonable confidence in the people of Missouri;
I have a reasonable confidence in all other people;
but the experience of this country for the last
twenty years should teach us that plighted faith,
that truth and honor, that everything worthy of
the confidence of mankind may be violated.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to suggest to the
Senator that if this amendment should be adopted
of which he is complaining*, and which he thinks
may, if adopted, defeat emancipation in the State
entirely, not one dollar will be appropriated from
the Treasury for five years from to-day, not a
bond will be issued. Under the amendment, the
issue of bonds will run through twenty yeais, and
only $2,500,000 will be issued in five years, for
they are to be in four equal installments. If we
go on in a system of emancipation, having inau-
gurated it, m good faith for five years, I can as-
sure the Senator that never will we turn back. If
there is to be any change, any possible change
fioni emancipation back to a state of slavery, it
will occur in less than five years; and then the
United States will never pay a dollar.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator's explanation does not break the force of my
objection.
There is another reason why I desire to have
it now, and that is this: 1 am told that the Pres-
ident's proclamation has made more uneasiness j
among the slaves in the State of Missouri than
anywhere else in the Union, and I am told so by
the President himself, on the information fur-
nished him by gentlemen m that State. The
slaves of that State not being included in the eman-
cipation proclamation, not certain that emancipa-
tion will take place there, are discontented; and
such has been the discontent of the slaves that it
has more or less effect on the opinions of men in
portions of that State.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state that some two
or three weeks ago [received information from the
State of Missouu, on this subject. I do not know
whether it was the result of the proclamation, or
what it was; but, in one or two counties of the
State, some tioubledid occur with the slaves. A
military commander, as 1 was infoimed, received
into his camp the slaves of loyal men, any num-
ber of them, and refused to deliver them up. I
did take that information to the President, and I
think that measures have been adopted to quietall
difficulties upon the subject. I am not sure that it
was the President's proclamation that caused the
difficulty; but I think it is the same difficulty that
has been in existence in the State ever since the
passage of the confiscation act, last summer. Mil-
itary commanders have frequently takentheground
that when skives come into their lines, they are
forbidden to surrender them to their owners. They
say that they cannot do it without violating the
article (if war that we adopted here at the last ses-
sion, that they cannot do it because the confisca-
tion law says (hat they cannot determine the loy-
alty or disloyalty of the owner. 1 am aware that
a good deal of difficulty has existed ever since the
passage of that law, but I do not know that it has
occuired any more frequently since the pioclama-
tion than before, peihaps notso much so,because
the State is notas much occupied by Loopsnow as
it was at a previous day.
These difficuitiesare nearly over, and if this bill
be passed I am satisfied that the State itself, by its
own authorities, will adopt a system of emancipa-
tion that will forever close all difficulties in the
State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have very
great confidence in the opinions of the Senator
from Missouri. I know his earnest devotion to
this policy of freedom in Missouri, and I want to
call his attention to the fact that by the President's
proclamation, if it be executed, the slaves are
made free in the rebel States, in the State of Arkan-
sas bordering upon Missouri. If the proclamation
shall be enforced and the country shall triumph,
slavery will go down in the rebel States. Now, J
ask the Senator if he believes that the one hundred
thousand slaves of his State, knowing this, will
remain content in slavery until the year 1885?
Will there not bo discontent? Will there not be
ill-will? Will not the slaves flock over the line of
his State into other States ? Will there not be bor-
der troubles with Kansas and with other fiec States
bordering upon Missouri? Sir, the retention
of slavery for thirteen years, or for twenty-two
years j will be to the people there nothing but a pro-
lific source of trouble, of anxiety, and of danger.
Therefore the sooner it is blotted out, the better.
I think there is some justice due to the people
held in bondage, and I think itofvital importance
that tjjie act should be done soon, so that there
shall be peace, harmony, contentment, on the part
of the entire population of the State of Missouri,
free and slave.
For this reason I am earnestly desirous that a
day shall be fixed not later than the 4th of July,
1865. 1 wish we could fix the 1st of January,
1865; and if that be done I shall be willing to vote
for the sum of money the Senator proposes. 1
must confess, however, that I am not a little sur-
prised at the large estimates put upon the value of
slaves there. These estimates are contrary to aU
the intelligence we have received during the last
few months, both as to numbers and value.
Mr. HENDERSON. You can rely on what I
state. I desire to ask the Senator if he has not
entire confidence in the loyalty and good inten-
tions of the Legislature of Missouri '*
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Entirely so.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I ask him if they
are not better judges of what ought to' be done,
both with regard to emancipation in the State of
Missouri and the mode and manner of that eman-
cipation, than he himself, notwithstanding his ex-
cellent judgment ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have great
confidence in their intentions; but what security
have we after all that the men who have been
elected in Missouii are to remain in power? They
may be defeated at the veiy next eh ction. If this
bill is stinted; if it is put in any form so that the
opponents of emancipation can carry that State,
they will endeavor to do it; and if the events of
the country should sustain that class of men, it is
possible they may overthrow this entire policy.
Therefore 1 say that I do not want the time
changed, and if it be necessary to vote the sum
stated by the Senator, I will do so most cordially,
because I am ready to vote whatever amount is
necessary to accomplish the object; but I want the
certainty of the object; and I think if the time is
postponed we shall not have that security. That
the Senator intends that we shall have it, and that
the loyal men in that Legislature so intend, I en-
tertain no doubt whatever. As t?> the amount to
be paid to aid emancipation, and the mode of do-
ing it, I think we are to have some opinions. We
arc to be held to a rigid responsibility for our ac-
tion; and while we give all confidence to the in-
tentionsand the judgments of the enianci pationists
ef Missouri, we must exercise our own judgments
and act upon our own responsibilities.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, without intending it, has made
perhaps the best argument in favor of the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on the Judici-
ary to the House bill; and that,although yester-
day he was amc^latthe committee for reporting
j such an amendment. He says that he is prepared
J to vote the sum asked for, provided thisemanci-
| pation can bo prompt. lie names the 4th of July,
1865, though he says he would prefer the 1st of
January next.
Now, Mr. President, the amendment reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary provides
that very thin"-. It provides for the payment of
£20,000,000 in the bonds of the United States, if
the Legislature of Missouri shall abolish slavery
within the State by the 4th of July, 18G5. It h=s
true that there is anothei provision fnthu amend-
ment of the committee extending this, under cer-
tain circumstances, and giving the State the ben-
efit of bonds to the amount'of $10,000,000 op t<?
the year 1876. It makes an alternative proper
sitioh of that description, and it provides tha£
bonds shall not be issued except in installments,
if that be done; and I intimated yesterday thru I
had no doubt but that the present Legislature
would probably accept the provision fixing the
time at 1865, rather than a longer period; and the
honorable Senator has gone on and given, as it
seems to me, very weighty reasons why they will
probably adopt that time. He says, and says*
no doubt, with great propriety, that slavery in the
State hereafter will be a source of great annoy-
ance; that, situated as the State is, slaves will be
escaping. The present Legislature the honorable-
Senator has confidence in, and believes that they
are desirous, honestly and earnestly, of making
it a free State; but he suggests the possibility of
some reaction in the public mind, and that a sub-
sequent Legislature may-jiot be of the same char-
acter. This amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee contemplates just that condition of things;
and, therefore, it proposes to grant this sum of
$20,000,000 if they will abolish slavery by the 4th
of July, 1865, and puts it in their power to do it,
and to receive all the money, in case they think
it proper; just the very idea which the honorable
Senator wishes to carry out, and which this amend-
ment will enable that Legislature to carry out. The
present Legislature, however desirous to abolish
the institution, must have the means, must have
the present means. This provides it, and does
not provide a larger sum than I understand the
honorable Senator to be willing to vote for, if it
will effect the object. It will, as he believes, and
as 1 believe, and as the honorable Senator from
Missouri believes, effect the object; and it is bet-
tor, it seems to me, that we stand, therefore, on
the amendment repoi ted by the committee, which,
1 think, all agree will effect the object. The only
difference of opinion is that it appropriates more
money than may be necessary, but the mistake
of a few millions too much is not fatal: the mis-
take of a few millions below the point will be fatal.
It is certainly better, therefore, and safer, to err
by excess than by defect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed byihe Senator from Missouri, on which
the yeas ami nays have been ordered, to strike
out " seventy-six," and insert " eighty-five."
| Mr.DOOLlTTLE. Mr. President, there seems
to be a contrariety of opinion here on the ques-
tion of amount and the question of time. There
is no contrariety of opinion, so far as 1 have heard
expressed, on the policy of this measure. My
desire is to vote to give what may be necessary
to accomplish the result, and my desire and wish
is that that result may be accomplished at the
earliest possible period. For myself, after all 1
have heard here from all sides of the Chamber;
after having heard what has been the action of
this Legislature of Missouri now in session, that
they have asked for $25,000,000 to enable them to
immediately emancipate the slaves in Missouri,
my own judgment has arrived at this result: I
prefer my self to meet the Legislature of Missouri;
they propose to act, and have said what they are
willing to do. If we give them #25,000,000, they
abolish it now. I am willing, however, that an
alternative proposition shall be offered to them.
1 am willing to say this, that if they will abolish
it now; if the Legislature now in session will pass
iin act of immediate emancipation, they shall have
the $25,000,000 that they ask for, and let them
settle with the holders of slaves at once, and have
an end to it. 1 would be willing to give them the
£20,000,000 proposed in the bill of the committee,
provided they will haveiteffectually done by 1806.
1 would be willing to give $15,000,000, if they
would have it done by 3876. I would be willing
to give the sum of $10,000,000 if the act could
now be passed which will secure the total aholi-
.litfn and extinguishment of slavery by 1885. I
should prefer to meet what the Legislature of
Missouri have said they arc now willing to do,
and said it by overwhelming votes. When we
are entering into an arrangement of this kind, I
desire to enter into it in a way to make it effect-
ive. If we make a proposition which fails, it is
worse than to make no proposition at all. It is
i the souice of irritation and vexation and trouble.
