1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quired oath. But this text has a commentary. The
fi km act of Congress after it came together under the
Constitution, the very fust act in our statute-book,
standing foremost in our legislation, was to carry
into execution this text. It was the statute of
Juno 1, 1789, entitled "An act to regulrttethe time
and manner of administering certain oaths." The
veiy title is instructive. Here is regulation of
time and manner. Then comes the statute itself.
The first part of the first section is as follows:
That the oaihor affirmation leejuired by the M\th article
of tisc Constitution ol the United riLite-> shall be adimms-
torcd''—
How?
u i,i the for>ii jb'lo>Hnto icit: [, Aft, do solemnly ^v^r
oi artiini that 1 will Mippoit the Constitution ol the United
Slates."
It is not in the text of the Constitution that you
find the oath which is administered to us at your
desk, but it is in the supplemental y statute. Noi-
ls this all; this statute has a commentary. I lead
now from the debate on that statute when it was
under considei at ion m the House < f Representa-
tives, May G, 1789, as it is preset ved in the foui th
volume of ILlhoi^ Debates. It seems that then;
were-objectors at that time to the'proposed oath,
as there are objectors now. But those objectors
weie replied to:
♦' Mr. Rland had no doubt respecting the powers of Con-
gress on this? «ubject The evident meanuur ol thewoid<
of the Constitution implied that Connies,-. should have the
power to pa^sc ;i huv diiectin? the tune and manner ol taking
the oath pie-cnhed I'oi supporting tlie Constitution."
Then follows Mr. Lawrence, who is more ex-
plicit and more iiK-.tnK.uvo. lie f-ays:
s*The Cotii-Utufi'in dtvlaie- tint the member* of the
State Le<*i.Nlatiiie->. and .ill otlicrr.-'. executive and pidteial,
siiiUi take an oath to support the Constitution, '/'his ilvc
laration is geneial, mul it he5 with the xtij)} cme Legislature
to detail and regulate i
Permit me to say that in this cotemporary ex-
position you find a complete aiiswei to the whole
argument of the Senator. "The declaration is
oeneral,and it lies with the supreme Legislature to
detail and regulate if.'" Mark the wouh—"to
detail and regulate it." The text, of the Consti-
tution tequnes an oath to suppoit the Constitu-
tion-, bat the Legislature may step in, acotdin^
to the cotempoiary commentary, to deUul and
regulate it But what is the proposed oath to vvhi'.h
the Senator objects but an oath to suppoi r i he Con-
stitution of the United States—an oath, it you
please, with details, but in us sum and substance,
m its beginning and m itsend, m its object, m us
character, in its spirit, as Mso m its Inter, nn oath
to support the Constitnfioa of the Halted States,
and nothing else* When the Senatoi from Ken-
tucky aigiKS that tins oath is a te^t (nth, ! reply
to him at once, th^n is the oath to ^uppot t the Con-
stitution o! the United States a It st oath; and when
the Senator argues that the oath that we requne
is an additional qualification, then do I r< ply that
the oath to support the Constitution o! the United
States ia also an additional qualification, i h< ar-
gument of th< Senator is illusory. It is not ap-
plicable to the en-je. If the -propo^d natii was a
test oafh, then he would be n<!;ht, and I rhouM be
with him. If tin- propoj-ed oath impnsid an ad-
ditional qualification, then lie would be i i^l'f, ami
I should lie With hi in. Cut i f is not a test o, ♦; h,
and as it does not propose any add'tional qua! fi-
xation, but is simply an oath to sappm L ' he Con-
stitution of the United States, then the Sender
will allow me to say that he is ehvrly wu-ng.
The oath, I admit, is loss simple than ih< eutiy
oath; but it is the same in .substanc, and has • ts
ongm in the same requirement of the Cons' nut. on.
Though cumulative in us words and ex pi < .«*:on*«.
itisessentially onoaih tosuppoi t the Constitution.
But lam not ready to say, oven if the proposed
oath went fouher, e^iteeia!Iy if its opeiat'ou was
to guard the loyalty of this body, that it would
not be strictly constitutional; noi can 1 doubt thai
it is within our power-to establish an oath of office
in addition to an oath of loyalty, as is done in
other casus under the Government. Such an oath
would not L". obnoxious to the objections of the
S-utator. U would be neithei a test oath nor an
j.dd'Hona] qualii'.cation.
Now, so , I :on icady to reply to the inquiry ot
the Senator from D< laware, directed to me at the
opening of my remai ks. Tie wishes to know how,
witli the views which seem to.me so just, I can
participate in this debate. My answer is easy.
I am no better than others on this floor. I follow
the example of my associates who have entered
upon their duties; especially do I follow the lead
of our honorable President, who did not see in to
tuko the proposed oath himself, nor did he ad-
minister it to others. But i take advantage of the
position that has been conceded to me, of what
lawyers call the persona standi injudicio, to make
this earliest effort to induce the Senate, with which
1 am associated* to do its part m obedience to the
laws of the land. If there be irregularity in the
proceeding, its vindication will be found in the
peculiarity of the circumstances. 1 need not re-
mind the Senator that for certain purposes a legis-
lative body may be addressed by those who are
not in ali respects qualified as members. He
knows that applicants for seats, certainly in the
other House,are heard in their own ease, i refer
to these instances only in illustration, and content
myself with iemurkin«* that thus far during the
few horns of tins session theie has been no vote
of the Senate.
And now, sir, as I conclude, let me say that I
desu e to take and subscribe the new oath in open
Senate, that! may m all i espects qualify myself for
the discharge of my duties as a Senator. Others
will do as they please, or as the Senate shall tc-
quu c. Hut 1 hope that I may appeal to the Chair
to administer that oath to myself, or to direct thnt
it shall be admuusieied. With the expression
of this desire 1 take my seat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The subject
is under dt lute. j
Mi. DAVIS. A single word in reply to the
Senator fiom .Massachusetts. The Senator from
Massachusetts <-ays that the oath which this law
prescribes is only an oath to support the Con-
stitution m detail, if I understand his position.
Mr. SUMNER. So 1 understand it.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, every Senator has taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, in the tei ms pi esu ibed by the First Coti-
£iess, afier the adoption of the Constitution, bo
that 1 lie oat h \v Inch the Senatoi sa ys is to be taken
in detail has already been taken in gvm'Tal terms.
Now, sir, if this oath pi escribed i n the law moiiH
j nothing nioie than an oath to support the Consti-
i tution of ihojUnit'd States, and that oath has aj-
| ready been taken m general terms, the matter is
I, fa net us officio, t he oath is taken. Moving taken
|| the oath once in the general form, which the gen-
ii llemau suites to be in substance the particular
oath, has Collin ss the powi to impose the oath
a second time upon riie membei.s of (he Senati—
an oath whu h in ,sub->tan< e and in legal and con-
stitutional < ffect would be precisely the same.-' I
say not, sir.
The oath proscribed by the First Congress un-
der the Constitution is in substance and m mean-
ing almost literally, too, the oath piescnbed by
the Constitution itself. The Constitution having
prescribed one oat h , t hat neces^ai ily eXi hides aii
oi her oaths to ho taken by m< inbois of the Senate
,: ami the other oUlceus of the Grovet union t who, by
j | the Constitution, aie requited to tike that oath.
I That m upon ihe familiar principle which every
jj lawyer well undeistands; it is (he A, B, C ot law
j! that wheie tlwre is a teqmsiliou by the Constitu*
! j tion oi hiw in ' x pi ess l.m^uaye, it n -eessai ily ex-
|j eludes everything that is not comprehended by
j1 that lau'iua^e. Here is an oath required by the
Consiituiioii in express language, which, aceoid-
|i Utg the concession of the Senator, lias be' n al-
'i ready taken by evei y lueniber of the S' pate, !f
jl the < -;ith which in; m.o.s's shall be talo n is tie same
; ill c'n fail, luit not, (hi?; r  nt m .substance, meanne:,
or fiom the ii/eneial o'.th, the oath win. h
j: ev< n he ieqi111*''s ha**' alr  ady been tak''i ;and the
>' gruiileman har> no ni'ht 10 insist upon its lepett-
• t!'111 on e, iwii'e, or an e nunib.'r of times by the
fame Se|!-uoi>. If it is a dilie"ent oaih than that
■' pivscribtd by the Constitution m any of Us fea-
!! tuiesor branches, it is not competent for Congress
! to impose Jt, because the Constitution, in euumer-
!i atmg one oath which S« uatwioaie to take, neces-
'| sarily exclude fiom being impoeed upon them
ii every other oath. Tile laf-u branch or this oath is:
' " And I do fiirth< >• (">r .illn in) tihi! to the be>t oi my
J: kiiowiedire and atn!it\ I will -uppott and d< feud tie Con-
--titution oi tnc L'liited Stale- as-iu^t all encime^, tor* i«;n
()( doiin* sti" < llj.it 1 Uill iK .u Ti lie liulli ami u! le«enioe f >
;i the -ai'<e: iftat f take this obli/ation <km ly vvitliout any
;! nient.d K^civation ot juupo-e ol eva-ion M
i Now, sir, when the Constitution requires thlU
embers of the Senate and other otiicers shall
fake an oath to support the Constitution, where i! mg t) « oath picjcnbed tor fuppoittng
does the gentleman derive his power-to impose
additional oath upon a member of Congress, that "
he takes the oath freely and without mental res-
ervation? It is an additional oath, and, being an
additional oath, is necessarily excluded by
prescription in the Constitution of the oath
the form if not the substancc of the oath.which
that instrument requires officers to take.
Now, sir, I do not understand the debute that
took place in the First Congress undel* the Con-
stitution exactly as the gentleman does; antf that
[ may do him no injustice, as it is only a page *■
and a half, 1 will read what was said hy^ili the
members on that point:
"Mr, (ieuRY said he did not discover what part of the
(,'on-mtuuon gave to Congress the power of making this
provision, (lor ululating the tune and maiuiei ol'.idunnih-
tenni: cyit:iin*o:uh*.,) except so much < f a as « >p* eU the
foim of the o,uh ; it is not expressly given by any clause of
the ('on>titniion, and, n it does not e\if,t. mum, arise Jrom
the MWi [)imr t l.niM',a3 it is frequently leiniedjin the eighth
seetion of the fu^i aiucfe of the ConMitaiioii, which au~
thoii7.es Connre^ £ to make nit laws wiucli fhnJl he neces-
sary and ptopei for carrying into execution tin; loregoijtg
powt re, and ail othoi powers, ve.-=ie(J by tlnss Uon tituiioa
in the Government of the United States, or in any depart-
ment or otfieei theteot.' To tins ehu^e there seems to be
no lunitiifion, f-o Jar as if applies to the cMcusuoh oi tho
poweis veiled hy the (Constitution; but even this clause
gives no legislative auitiouty to Congii'ss to carry into ef-
fect any power not expressly vested by the Constitution.
In the Constitution, winch is the supreme law of the land,
pioviMon is made that the member of ihe Legislatures of
the seveial States, and ail executive and judieiaj < fiicers
thei eof. -jJi.tH he hound by oafh to support the Constitution,
r.ut ilnne is no provision for enipoweuug tiie Government
of tiie United St.ties, oi any olfieer oi depaitinent tliereot,
to psisv, a law obligatoiy on the uiemheis oi the be.!|i-iatures
of the s,.veial States, and othei olheets tho wo!, to take the*
o<uii. Thi^ i-> made tiieu duly already bv the Constitution,
and no such law oi Conare-s can add loree to the obliga-
tion ; hut, on ihe other ti.uul, it it is adnnttcd that t-'Uoh a
law is neceRb.-u>, 11 tends to weaken the Constitution, which
lequnes su<ii aid; neiihei is any law, other than to pie-
M'ube the lonn of tlie o.uh, necesv..ny oj pioper to cany this
pair of the Con-tituiion mto ed'eci; foi tin; o;uh required
by the Confutation, Items: a neces^ary qualification inrtlie
Slate ofliers mentioned, cannot be d(spen.-ed with by any
auihoiit} wharevei oiin-i than tlie pefipie and the judicial
power < f the United Hinies extendin2 to all cases an?ti)g in
law or equity undei tins (.'onstiuiuon. Tliejtulyes of the
United Slates, who aie bound to --aippoit the Consiuutiou,
may, ill nil eases within then jnri-dtc tion, annul the official
acts of Suite otlioets, and even the acts of the members ot
the Stale Lenifdaiure-,, jl t-ueh members and otliceoMveie
dufjiiaiified loihun pas-shuch acubv neglecting or iclusing
to take this oath "
Mi. Gciry stated the true constitutional prin-
ciple when lie said that evet y tiling that is neces-
sary is to throw the oath into form, the substance
of which is required by the Constitution.
Mi. SUMJNKR. May 1 interrupt the Senator
right there. The Senatoi nays the true ptinciple
is to throw the oath into iorm. Has not Con-
gress undertaken to do it:
Mi. DAVIS. Not to throw it into such form
as this law does.
Mt. SUMNER. The Senator objects to the
funn, but Cong!ess has undeiiaken to exerciser
conbUtmional power in throwing tho oath mto
foi m. it undeilook that on the 1st ol Juno, 1 /b9,
and it undei took 11a second time during the second
session of the last Cou^ie^s.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, and it undertook a good
deal moie. It undewook to throw other matter
into the oath that is not requned by the Coiisti-
Uon at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is your opinion.
Mr. DAVIS. It would bo yours if your mind
was not beclouded by the grossest prejudice and.
ij darkness. [Laughter.] That I willingly take
I; the oath is an addition to it; that I take it without
mental leservation is an addition to the oath.
'I Will the Senator say it is not an addition ?
'j Mi. SUMNER. It. seems tome it is not. I
]' should think, loyal as we all know the Senator
■: is—no peison can have servid on this floor with
' ■ i ho Senatoi, as we all have, without knowing his
p( rfect loyalty—he would rejoice to take such an
0 oath, and icjoice to have everybody ehse take it.
1; Mr. DAVIS. 1 am v. ry sorry, «ir, not to be
1 able to return the compliment. 1 wish I could. I
have no doubt 1 am a much more loyal man than
'I the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think either of you
: will ever be hanged for loyalty. [Laugluei.]_
I Mr. DAVIS. I hope not. Cut 1 was leading
i: the debate in Congies-s in 17tt9:
i1 kk 31 r Bland had no doubt ii'spcoun^ th • povvers of Oon-
; on tin- Mjlueet Tlie ev:d<-iit ineaniin; of the woids
II oftiic Constitution implied that Cou2ie^ should have the
power to pass a law (Jirccimg the tune and nuiiines_ut tak-
ing the: oath mcjciibed for fuppoitinsr th.' (Jonstituuou.
