THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January BO,
Mr. HENDERSON. The "last named" ia
1885.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, 1885; and then
§10,000,000 are to be paid. The first proposition
.was adopted. Was not the second adopted ?
Mr. HENDERSON. That has been rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, that lias been voted
down. Then, as I understand it, the proposition
• appropriating the $90,000,000 was adopted with-
out a division, on the understanding that the sec-
ond was a part of the same proposition. This,
however, is substantially a proposition to increase
from $10,000,000 to $14,000,000, instead of cut-
ting down from $20,000,000 to $10,000,000; be-
cause there is no piobability that gentlemen who
acceded to the adoption of the first proposition
appropriating $20,000,000 for emancipation in
1865, would have done it except ori the under-
, standing that the §10,000,000 was to follow in this
place.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, he has fallen into this mistake':
the amendment of the committee is moved to
be amended by the Senator from Missouri, and
his amendment to the amendment is a reduc-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it is so formally,
but substantially it is different.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We have not passed on
the amendment of the committee at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 know we have not; and
that is why the mistake arises. The proposition
of the Senator was one, although consisting of sev-
eral parts. As it stood 011 the record, it was I hat if
slavery was abolished by 1805, then $20,000,000
were to be paid. If, on the contrary, the time
was extended to 1885, only $10,000,000 were to
be paid. It not beins' taken as a whole, the first
proposition as to 18G5 was adopted without any
further discussion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it was acceded to
by a vote taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was the same as
reported by thecommitteejouly transferring itto
the second section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but then,
when you came to vote on tin; part which extends
it to 1885, that is rejected, and it is brought back to
1875. Therefore, instead of leaving $10,000,000
as part of the original proposition of the Sena-
tor, he proposes now to carry it up to $14,000,000;
so that in reality it is an increase.
Mr. HENDERSON. I moved an amendment.
The amend merit necessarily consisted of two parts.
It was in consequence of the fact that some Sen-
ators wanted a more gradual system of emancipa-
tion, with less money to be paid for it, that 1
offered the amendment. The .Semite rejected one
part of that amendment, and of course I am ab-
solved from asking for the adoption of the other;
and I do not even ask 11.at nil. If t he Senate will
adopt the report of the committee, I infinitely pre-
fer that report now, inasmuch as you will not ex-
tend the tune.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will ask him why he will not with-
draw his amendment, and let us try the question
on the report of the committee?
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will most assuredly do
so, but then I must move to reconsider the vote
already taken, because the bill will then make an
appropriation of nothing at all except in one
event. It will cover the whole point to move to
put in §20,000,000 at this place, because then
the bill is just as it came from the committee
exactly. You have let the time, 187(i, remain, and
if you put in #20,000,000 at the place that I now
designate in the amendment, it will only require
that the payments shall be in four equal install-
ments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I understood
to-day—1 suppose I was mistaken—that a prop-
osition had been agreed to by the Senate to give
#20,000,000 if emancipation should take place on
0 the 4th of July, 1805, and $10,000,000 if it should
take place in 1885. We have voted down a prop-
osition fixing the time at 1885. Now [ want the
privilege of voting to give $10,000,000 for eman-
cipation in 187G; so that the altei native presented
to the people of Missouri will be this: emancipa-
tion in 1865, $20,000,000; emancipation in 1876,
#10,000,000.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire if there is any
motion now pending to lilt the blank in that second
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 understood him to withdraw
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With the leave
of the Senate (he amendment can be withdrawn.
Does the Senator from Missouri desire to withdraw
hia amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I am
familiarenough with the rules of the body to know
the best way toaccomplish the object I desire. I
suppose it will be necessary to reconsider the
amendments that have been already adopted, in
order to get the bill back to its shape as originally
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will be at liberty to move to reconsider the vote by
which the sum of §20,000,000 was stricken out of
the first section. Docs the Senator insist on his
present amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will make the motion
to reconsider in order to get back to the bill as re-
ported by the committee. I think I owe it to my-
self not to attempt to reduce the sum voluntarily
without taking a vote of the Senate upon it as it
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator to withdraw the pending
amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. Then I am in order. I move
to fili the blank with ^10,000,000, and on that
amendment 1 will ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. The effect of the amendment
will be precisely this, as 1 understand it: we pay
$20,000,000 for immediate emancipation, by 1865,
and pay £ 10,000,000 for gradual emancipation in
187(5.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to vote for the
amendment if it had that effect; but the Senator
has got the amendment m the wrong place.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no; I have got it in the
right place.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is in the wrong
place. I am willing to vote $20,000,000 for eman-
cipation in 1BG5; butTdo not want to vote a dime
for emancipation in 187G, or any other later time.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not touch the amount to
be paid in 1865. It is the amount to be paid in
1870, as 1 understand the effect of the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The abolition of slavery in
Missouri is inevitable m thirteen years. I am
willing; to hasten it to two yi:ars,and pay for it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the amendment so as to appro-
priate a larger sum ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not now
in order, this being1 an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to fill
the blank with $15,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will not
be in order until a vote is taken on the pending
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me it will be much
safer to leave it as it was. We do not offer the
amount which the honorable .Senator from Wis-
consin thought was honorable, and which I think
would perhaps have been better, the amount spe-
cified by the Legislature, $25,000,000. We put it
at $20,000,000, and fix the time at 18G5. If we
put it at $20,000,000, and give a little alternative
in respect to time, I think we shall render it much
more safe; indeed, I think we shall render it safe.
Oihei wise we put the whole thing in peril. That
they will abolish slavery in 1865, and take the
$20,000,000, and therefore the alternative will be
adopted by the Legislature, { have no doubt; but
I wish to give them the alternative. I think we
will peril it if we do not.
Mr. CLARK. [ desire to put the bill of the
committee in such a shape that we can vote for
it. I eei tamly prefer the House bill to giving
$20,000,000 for gradual emancipation; but if you
graduate it, I will endeavor to vote for the com-
mittee's bill.
The question being- taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 16, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Mesara. Chandler, Olaik, ColJamer, Fesa« nden,
Gilmes, Hale, Harlan, King, Moral!, Pomcrov, Sherman,
Sumner, Tmmbuil, Wade, Wj.lki.n-on, and Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, Foot, Fodtci, iiardmy, Han is, Henderson. Ilicks,
Howard,- Howe, T.ane of Kansas, McDousall, Ne-^mtli,
Powell, Richardson, Wiiley, YVilmot, and Wilson ot Mis-
souii—2!.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the words " of $20,000,000'*
were stricken out, in the eleventh and twelfth lines
of the first section, and the words "and in the
manner hereinafter provided" inserted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the adoption of that amendment to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will now be necessary,
in older to make all p'aits of the bill harmonious,
to move to reconsider the vote on the amendments
adopted in the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, the motion to reconsider will be, consid-
ered as agreed to. The question is on the adop-
tion of those amendments.
The amendments were rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. In section eight the words
"to the amount of $20,000,000" were inserted. .
That amendment is now unnecessary, because
they are inserted in the first section. I desire to
have that vote reconsideied.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to amend the amendment of the committee by
striking out all after the word " that," and insert-
ing the following:
Whenever satisfactory evidence shall be presented to the
President ot" the United* States that the State of Missouri
ha  adopted a law, ordinance, <>\ other piovi>iou for the
emancipation of all the slaves therein, and lor the exclusion
ot slavery forever thereafter fiom t-uch State, it shall be his
duty to prepate and deliver to the Governor of Missouri
{$00,000,000 in bon<U ot the United States, hearing interest
at the rate, ot live per cent, per annum, and payable thiity
yeais after the date thereof, to be used by such State to com-
pensate for the inc. <>uv<;mciict> piodueed by such change of
■system: Provided, That the said bonds shall not be delivered,
a< herein duectcd, unless the act of emancipation shall be
adopted by such Slate within one yeat after the passage of
thi« act, nor utiles said act Miall provide that slavery or in-
voiuutaiysetvitude within such State.except in punishment
of crime, shall forever cease and determine on some day
not latei than the *lth day of July, 1665, and never after-
ward1? he introduced ihetein.
Sec. 2. And he it fwither enacted, That the *atd semi-
annual mteiest shall be payable, and .-aid bonds shall be
redeemable, out of m rneys, to be heieafter appropriated by
Congress, and shall be reimbursed to the Treasury of the
United States fiom tiie propeity of rebels confiscated to the
Government by the iule.s of wai, oi by virtue of any act of
Congies-s, oi f om the pinceeiW thereof,
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That no compensation
•shall be paid, out of the pioceeds ot the bonds hereby pro-
vided lot, for any slave hoiealter to bu imported or brought
into the State of Missouri, nor to an> put son oi persons who
may at any tune have engaged in, oi m any manner aided,
the present rebellion, ot who ma) in any wise have willfully
given aid and eomfoit to the rebels, or incited or eneoui-
aired the pie^ent rebeihon ; or who may at any time have
accepted and held any office, eilhei civii. naval, or milna-
ly, undei tin; *o called confederate States of America, or
«,h.ill have willingly taken the oath of allegiance to the so-
called confederate States or who may have willfully re-
fused to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of
the United State® when thereto required by any military or
civil authonty of the United States or of the said State ot
Mi^souu.
fine. 4. jlnd he it farther cnacted, That upon the enact-
ment of law-s by Mis^oni i referring to this act, and accept-
ing its pi ovi>ions, and adopting laws for the full and perfect
manumission of all the slaves therein, on or before the 4th
day of July, A. D 1865, and the future exclusion of the
system ofslaverv fiom the State forevoi theieattcr,the faith
of the United States and of the '•aid State will be pledged
to carry out the terms ot the compact thud cieatcd.
Mr. GRIMES, I move to strike out the words
{£ twenty millions'5 wherever they occur, and to
insert " ten millions."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not now in order. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. GRIM ES. I wish to occupy the time of
the Senate only one momentin stating the reasons
which will govern the vote which I am about to
give on this btil.
I feel, sir, that the purpose that is sought to be
attained is a very laudable one, a very patiiotic
one. I am the representative, in part, of a State
that is as much interested in having emancipation
decreed in Missouri as any other State m this •
Union. 1 am peisonally very much interested,
