is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
forllive neat the borders of theState of Missouri;
and I am willing to do as much as I believe I can
constitutionally and properly do, and as much as
I think the people of my State will justify me in
doing, in order to accomplish this purpose.
Now, sir, in ordinary umes, when war did not
exist, I could not justify a vote in favor of an ap-
propriation of $1,(300,000 out of the Treasury to
emancipate slaves in Missouri, nor one dollar. I
can only justify my vote now upon the idea that
slavery is the cause of the war, and that by its
removal we shall, in some measure, shorten the
continuance of the war. I ask gentlemen who are
in favor of allowing twenty-five or thirteen or
thirty years to the State of Missouri to emanci-
pate her slaves, and who put their vote upon the
idea that emancipation will shorten the war, how
can they imagine that it will do so if it is to be
protracted to that period? These slaves are to
remain slaves until 1876. The owners of these
slaves will have just as deep a pecuniary inteiest
in them ten years hence as they have to-day; and
after 1875 they stfiil expect to have that pecuniary
interest in them, not in the State of Missouri, it is
true, but after having transferred them over the
borders of the State of Missouri into some other
State where they will be protected; and therefore
while we yeaken slavery in Missouri m 1876,
we transfer the strength that we take from it there
and give it to the institution of slavery in another
State still further South; andyou will be com-
pelled to meet and contend againstitagain,as we
are now contending agaiftst it in Missouri.
I am willing, Mr. President, to go before the
people of my State and undeitake to justify—I
believe I shall be justified in making an appro-
priation of $10,000,000 to create freedom and only
freedom in the State of Missouri, from and after
1865. I am willing to take the responsibility of
giving that vote, and stand the test before the tree-
men of Iowa; but informed as 1 am in regard to
the condition of slavery in Missouri; knowing as
little as I do of the number of slaves within the
State, and of their value, I am unwilling, at this
time, to vote more than $10,000,000. It may be
that they are worth more than £10,000,000. I
have a great many doubts on that subject. It may
be that we may be benefited by its abolition in
Missouri more than $10,000,000. 1 have a great
many doubts on that subject. It may be that the
Legislature of the State of Missouri will be un-
willing to accept a sum less than $10,000,000. I
have very many doubts on thatsubject. They are
anxious to get just as many millions as possible
from us; but I think, when they discover that wi>
are willing to give them immediately £10,000,000,
and that that is the whole amount we are dis-
posed to give, they will be perfectly wilting to
accept it.
Within the last few days—within this week I
think—we have had the first expression from the
people of Missouri on this subject. Without
knowing the number of slaves within the State,
for they have no return since 1861, and then there
were only some sixty thousand within the State
returned, without having any estimate as to their
value, without knowing anything as to their ages,
they propose to accept §35,000,000 and decree
emancipation speedily. We propo.se to give them
$10,000,000. If, when Congress shall assemble
again at the commencement of the next session it
shall be conceived advisable by a majority "f Con-
gress togivethem alargei amountthan #10,000,000
there will be ample time for us to do it; but I am
not prepared to do it now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The people of Iowa
are situated very much as we are in Kan.vas in
regard to this question, and 1 should tike to ask
the Senator a question, i will ask him if the con-
tinuation of the system of emancipation will not
tend to bring back the refugees from Missoui i and
lestore immediate quiet to the State?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that it will, and
I do not believe it wiIL I believe a state of feel-
ing has grown up there in Missouri that will not
be quieted by the more abolition of sin very. \ be-
lieve that a vast majority of those men wiio are
in rebellion against the Government in Missoui l
arc not slaveholders; they have no interest in the
institution. They would be guerrillas atany time.
They are lawless men, desperate men; and they
will prey upon the loyal people and upon prop-
erty holders, just as much after slaveiy shall have
been abolished in the State as now, provided the
strong arm of the law and of the Government is
not put upon them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 agree with the Sen-
ator from towa that a large portion of the guer-
rillas are not slaveholders; but 1 ask him if they
are not excited to war by denunciations by the
slaveholders of the abolitionists, and the charges
made by them that we are endeavoring to steal
their slave pioperty? I have been a great deal in
the State of Missouri, and I believe the people
are excitci> to war by the charges that we are en-
deavoring to steal their slave property. 1 believe
that the moment you pass this bill peace, perma-
nent peace, will abide in the State of Missouri to
the advantage of the State of Iowa, and to the
safety and peace and quiet of the State of Kansas.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 want to
ask the Senator from Kansas, who lives on the
borders of Missouri, if it is not the fact that Mis-
souri slaves have been lushing over the line into
Kansas, and if it has not made the ill-will and un-
kind feeling between the people of the two States?
Mr. LA.NK, of Kansas. The ill-will between
the people of Kansas and of Missouri is of older
date. The slaves have been passing over into our
border. We have gone into Missouri and taken
them out of Missouri. The people of Kansas be-
lieve that when they take a negro from Missouii
they weaken the rebellion more than if they took
a hundred mules. This difficulty between Kansas
and Mtssouii is of a chronic character that can-
not be removed, in my opinion, in any other way
than by declaim# freedom in the State of Mis-
souri; and so far as my constituents are concerned,
I feel satisfied that they will justify my colleague
and myself m voting any sum of money neces-
sary to accomplish that object.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
question the Senatoi's motives and purposes; but
1 put it to him, as a piacucal man who under-
stands the condition of alfaus in his legion of the
country, if this amendment to the amendment is
adopted, so that slavery shall cease m Missouii
on the 4th of J uly, 1865, and the slaveholders put
#20,000,000 of our money in their poejpts, will
not the slaves be contented ? Will not the one
hundred thousand slave men and women then look
forward to the 4th of July, 1865, as the time when
the shackles are to fall fiotn their limbs and they
are to be free? Will they not, therefore, at the
moment you pass this bill and it js adopted by
Missouii, feel contented und hopeful, knowing
that the hour of their deliverance is near at hand '
Will not the slaveholders have the money of this
Government in their pockets, and be contented
too ? Hat extend the time to 1876,andlet thehun-
\lred thousand slave men and women of that State,
whose hopes have been excited by the emancipa-
tion tuumphs in that State, and by the events of
this slaveholders' war, and this action of the Fed-
eral Government, see that they are to be slaves for
twelve years longei, and will they not be surly
and discontented? Will they not run over the
line? Will they not run atyay, into Kansas, into
the Teriitories, info Iowa? Will they not do all
that men in their condition would do, if their free-
dom is postponed for twelve or thnteen yeais?
Why, sir, one proposition fills the slaveholders'
pockets with our money at once, gives freedom to
the bondman, and brings content and peace there.
The other proposition puts off emancipation foi
twelve yeats, and blasts the hopes of thousands
of these people, and makes them discontented;
and they will run away whenever they can. The
result will be. their owners will be discontented,
will be dissatisfied, wili be cursing Kansas, and
Jim Lane in particular; cursing everybody that
ever sympathized with the slave. 1 say to the
Senator—and I am suie he cannot get over^that
conviction—if you want peace in Missouri, if you
want contentment there, give them tin; necesaaiy
amount of money to enable them to emancipate
immediately, and let as have the benefits of it
during tins struggle.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. Pr(sident, so
! far as the blacks are coneern.nl they will be prac-
I tically as free under an act of gradual emancipa-
tion, to take (fleet in 1876, as under an act to
take effect in 1865. The slaveholder may, by
treating them kindly, and by paying them mod-
erate wages, retain ihem m his employ, not as
slaves but as fieemen.
The prosperity of Missoui3 is the prosperity
uf Kansas; and much of the money that you will
pay to the State of Missouri' mider this bttl-wiii
find its way into the State of Kansas.. -> *
But, sir, I repeat, the act of emancipation- o&ce
passed, will practically free the slave fronp ihedtiy
of its passage. - - 4 -• ?J-.
i vote for this bill not so much to. free, the
slaves; for they are practically free in Missouri
to-day—there are but few slaves now held there
as such—but I vote for it to satisfy the peopleof
Missouri in the change from slavery to freedom.
I want to see the slaveholder rally heartily to the
cause of freedom, and to the flag ofcthe country.
The passage of this bill will secure that rbsuJt,
by removing the cause that seduced then* from
their allegiance.
U would be advantageous for the Senator from
Massachusetts 1 doubt not to go down upon the
border between Kansas and Missouri, where we
are separated only by an imaginary line. He
would find on one side of the line troops with the
arms of the Government in their hands doing but
little other service than catching fugitive slaves,
and returning them to their masters. On the other
side of the line, m Kansas, he would find troops
armed with your guns engaged in protecting fugi-
tives, and refusing to return them to their masters,
believing their retention would weaken *he rebel-
lion. Both these aimies profess to be loyal. I
believe it would be a great advantage to the Pres-
ident of the United States if ho could go^ down
there, and learn what this war is—a war tor sla-
very, and against freedom and free labor.
Sir, in Kansas rebellion and slavery are used as
synonymous terms; and he who puts it upon any
other ground is mistaken. There is no rebellion
outside of slavery. There are but few rebels out-
side of those who are prejudiced in favor oHhe
institution of slavery and againstfree labor. That
is the motive power,
1 assuie the Senator from Massachusetts, with
some knowledge of the subject of which i speak,
that an emancipation bill to take full effect in 1876,
so far as the black is concerned, is as potent in
securing him freedom as an act to take effect in
3865. Let nie say to the Senator, also, that there
is an advantage in this. It compels the slave-
holders to take care of the old and decrepit for a
few years, and to nurse and take care of the in-
fants. It is an advantage in that iegard. So far
as the grown ones are concerned, one bill works
the same as the other—each gives freedom to the
slave, practically, ftom the passage of the act.
Mr. President, give our friends in the Missouri
Legislature the means to secure immediate eman-
cipation, if it can be obtained; but also give them
the alternative; if the one cannot be had, let us
take the other.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Kansas assuies me and the Senate and
the country that an act abolishing slavery in Mis-
souri in 1876 will be as potent as an act abolishing
slavery in 18G5. The Senator assures us, also,
that there are few slaves in Missouri who are not
claimed or held by force. lie assures us, also, that
on one side of the Missouri line you will find sol-
diers, with arms in then hands, fighting the battles
of the Union; and on the other side of that line, you
will find soldiers, with arms in their hands, en-
deavoring to keep the slaves from lunningaway.
I have no doubt that there are home guards in
that State that we are paying, whose principal
business has bcen#to catch and leturn slaves who
were trying to mn away. I have no doubt that
slaveiy is a great deal disorganized in that State;
butl think if the Senator will ask the Senator from
Missoui i [Mr. Wilson] if he believes that a slave,
after we pass an act that he shall be tree in 1876,
will be free, he will tell him that he does notcon-
'sider that slave a free man until 1876; that he is a
.slave; that he has a master, and that master may
take him out of the State; he may sell him from
one neighbor to another: and if he uins away, he
can bring the fugitive slave law to bear to bring
him ba< k.
I confess I am surprised that the Senator from
Kansas, who has such practical views on these
questions, and is so earnest in the cause, can think
that these slaves, who are now kept under chain,
to prevent whose running away, as he admits,
aimed men have to tiaversc the State, would be
contented with an act promising them freedom
thirteen years hence. Pass an act to make them all
free in two years, and they will be contented at
once; they will shout for joy, and offer up prayers
