1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
retroactive, inasmuch as it requires a Senator to
swear as follows;
<e I have never voluntarily home arms against the United
States since I have been a citizen thereof; that I have vol-
untarily given no aid, countenancc, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto ; that I
have neither sought nor accepted, nor attempted lo exer-
cise the functions of any office whatever under any au-
thority, or pretended authority, in hostility to the United
States; that I have not yielded a voluntary f-upport to any
pretended government, authority, power, or constitution,
within the United States, hostile or inimical thereto."
These words are stringent, arid I presume were
intended to be so. To a certain extent they may
be retroactive; but not beyond the exigency of the
times, under the peculiar circumstances by which
we are surrounded. It is our duty to guard the
loyalty of this Chamber. In requiring that a per-
son shall purge himself with regard to the past,
we simply take a new assurance of his fidelity for
the present. Others may think that Jefferson Da-
vis, Robert Toombs, or Juduh Benjamin may re-
sume their seats in this body on taking a simple
oath to suppoit the Constitution. I do not think
so; and I gladly seize the earliest opportunity
since the commentary of the Senator from Mary-
land, to declare my conviction that no person
whose loyalty is not manifest to the Senate can
be allowed to approach your desk and to take his
oath as a Senator of the United States. The Sen-
ate may shut the door upon him. This is not the
first time that I have made ihis declaration in the
Senate; nor have I contented myself with making
the declaration. 1 have argued it. Nothing is
clearer than this: a traitor cannot be a member of
the Senate. But a person who cannot take this
oath, retroactive though it be, must have been a
traitor. Once a traitor, always a traitor; unless
where changed by pardon or amnesty.
1 know not what changes may be required by
changing events. For myself, i shall always wel-
come every act of just clemency or condonation.
But for the present the statute is wise and con-
servative. It only remains that we should stand
by it.
•Mr. JOHNSON". The Senator misunderstood
me in relation to the first subject of his remarks.
I did not suy that in my opinion it was very clear
that a Senator of the United States was not liable
to process of impeachment. AH that 1 said was
that in 1799 it was so decided by a majority of the
Senate; and as far as I am advised that decision
never has been reversed by the Senate, nor lias the
propriety of that decision ever been called in ques-
tion any where judicially, as perhaps it could not
have been. The doubt {suggested by Mr. Justice
Story ia of course entitled to all the respect which
the eminent ability ofthat distinguished man gives
to it; but it is not. authority, nor does he profess
to speak decidedly against the correctness of that
doctrine.
Upon the other point I should agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts, that no man whois a
traitorought to be a Senator of the United States;
but the question is, who is a traitor? Is he who
was a traitor last year, necessarily a tiaitor now ?
Is there no locus pccnitcntice ? This is a civil war;
and above all othets is it important that we should
recall into our midst, if we can recall them, men
who have got themselves entirely clear of the taint
of treason, and who are willing to join us now as
brothers. But, ifit were otherwise, it by no means
follows that the Senate would be without the
means of protecting itself against association with
a man of that description. If becomes in and is
qualified, turn him out.
But that oath, as the Senator will see, if he comes
to look at it particularly, goes infinitely beyond
this rebellion, it goes to the enure past, to any
struggle, in which the nation has been engaged at
any time; and any person elected would not be |
eligible unless he tool* an oath of that descrip- j
lion, which he could not take and observe good
faith if he had done anything to aid the enemies
of the United States heretofore. Now, i submit
to the Senator and to the Senate, that of all the
punishments, to which men can be subjected, per-
haps the most odious and that which affects a man
most m his feelings, is the punishment of exclusion
from office, if, therefore, the oath shall exclude
from office because of an antecedent offense, which
was not purishuble under the existing laws by
any exclusion fiom office, him who has commit-
ted such antecedent offense, it is not, upon other
grounds, within the power of Congress; it falls
in the particular instance under the prohibition
on the part of Congress passing ex post facto laws.
The Senator from Massachusetts, perhaps—1
think I speak knowingly—has upon one or two
occasions, and perhaps from the time the original
law passed and up to the present moment, be-
lieved, and honestly believed, in the unconstitu-
tionality of what is called the fugitive slave law.
1 think i have heard him say upon the floor of
the Senate that he would not execute -it, as far as
he was individually concerned.
Mr. SUMNER. I have.
Mr. JOHNSON. Over and over again.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON. That in one sense is warring
against the authority of Congress, assuming Con-
gress to have authority to pass that act. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts of course denied the au-
thority, or, at least, I suppose he did deny the
authority; because, assuming that Congress had
authority to pass the fugitive slave act, then an
attempt on the part of any citizen of the United
States to resist that law either by force or other-
wise, when called upon to execute the law, would
be an offense against the United States; and the
Senator from Massachusetts would fall in the
category of such an oath as Congress, if his doc-
trine is right, would have a right to prescribe, if
Congress should require that no Senator should
be eligible to a seat m thin body unless he would
take an oath that he never has violated or intended
to violate any law of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a different question
entirely.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it; that is one law,
and this is another; but the principle is the same.
I did not rise for the purpose of discussing it; I
am, perhaps, just as free as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts m the opinions which I entertain upon
the nature of this rebellion. There is no member
of this body, I am sure, who would willingly as-
sociate here with any one who takes part or lot
in the rebellion, or who renders aid or comfort in
any way, directly or indirectly, purposely, to the
sin c.ess of the rebellion. That is one question.
It is a different question, however, whether you
have the right to pass this particular law, or
whether it is necessary even if you had the i ight.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have no desire to protract
this discussion. My purpose was simply, if 1
may call it so, to enter a protest against two po-
sitions taken by the Senator; and, of course, 1
could have no purpose of making any reflection
upon his own position. And now, M r. President,
with the permission of the Senate, 1 will with-
draw the resolution.
The PRESIDENTjiro tettipore. The resolution
is withdrawn.
CLERKS OP COMMITTEES,
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsolccd, That the clerks of committees appointed for
the former session be conunuedduringthe special session.
F. p. STANTON.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Iiesolrcd, That the Secretary he instructed to pa\, out of
the eoutiitifetii kind of ilie Semite, the u?aial mileage of a
Senator to Frederic P. Stanton, as contestant foi a >eat m
the Senate fiom Kansas at the second sst&bion of the last
(Jon<*i es s.
Mr. POWEl^jp I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
IN SENATE,
Saturday, March 7, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James R. Doolittle advanced to the desk
and took the oath piescribud by the act of July 2,
1862, and subscribed his name to the engrossed
copy thereof.
Mr. Hale appeared in his seat.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed bytheCom-
mittce on Printing, to whom was referred a res-
olution for printing ten thousand copies of the
mechanical report of the Patent Office for 3861-62,
to report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. 1 ask for its present consider-
ation.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution. It is as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the mechanical
report of the Patent Office for 1861-62 be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
PRINTING OF LAWS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the sar&e
committee, to whom was lefened a resolution for
printing four thousand copies of the acts and res-
olutions of the third session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, to report it back with an amendment;
the amendment being to add the words " with a
suitable index." I ask for its present consider-
ation.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to; and the resolution, as amended, was adopted,
as follows:
Resolved, That four thousand copies of the acts and res-
olutions of the third session of tin- Thirty Seventh L'oi gress
be printed for the use of the Senate, with a buitable index.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 9, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following reso-
lution :t
Resolved, That the 34th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following: "a Committee on Mauu-
fjcuues, to consist of five members."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
lies over one day, under the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to remark
upon that resolution—T do not desire to call it up
to-day—that up to 1825 there was a Committee on
Commerce and Manufactures. In 1825, on motion
ofSenator Dickenson, of New Jersey, the commit-
tee was divided; and there was one committee ap-
pointed on commerce and one upon manufactures.
At the same session, on the motion of Senator Find-
lay,of Pennsylvania,a Committee on Agriculture
was added to the standing committees of the Sen-
ate. These three committees continued until 1857,
when the Senate was under the control of the men
who are now engaged in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, and who concluded that agriculture and
manufactures were not interests of sufficient con-
sequence to be represented by a committee; and
then, on motion of Mr. Benjamin, of Louisiana,
the committees were reorganized, and the Com-
mittee on Manufactures and the Committee on
Agriculture were both dropped. A Committee
on Agriculture has just been appointed by the Sen-
ate very wisely, on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio. I propose to restore the Committee on Man-
ufactures; but as, at the piesent session, which is
devoted exclusively to executive purposes, it is
hardly possible any business can be referred to a
Committee on Manufactures, and as there seems
to be a general understanding that at the next ses-
sion there will necessarily be an entire reorgani-
zation of the committees, I shall not, if this reso-
lution should be adopted, move to proceed to the
election of such a committee at this session, or to
authorize the President pro tempore to appoint it,
but allow the committee to stand vacant until the
next session. I shall call the resolution up to-
morrow,
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
