THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES.. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Seyenth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDxVY, FEBRUARY 2, 1863.
^ew Series.,...No. 4Q.
tlemcn here comprehend. I think I shall be borne
out in that statement by my colleague when he
presents his individual views. Let us alone. The
laws of political cconomy,' of inevitable destiny,
arc working out a remedy for slavery there. Do
not trammel us with questions that may precipi-
tate issues that we cannot control, and which
may involve our beloved State ill the most honid
scenes of fratricidal war.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, lam an ardent
friend of the measure proposed by this bilk I
regard it as the most important measure that has
been presented to the consideration of the Senate
duiing its present session. Forty years ago, sir,
the first great conflict between slavery and free-
dom took place in reference to the admission of
the State of Missouri. In that conflict slavery
was successful; it secured a predominance of po-
litical power which was never effectually checkcd
until the election of J8G0. I desire exceedingly
that in reference to this very State we should be-
gin to roll back the tide of slavery. There is
peculiar fitness in it. But, sir, I see fiom the dis-
cussions here to-day that there is danger that this
great and important measure may fail on account
of some division of its friends in reference to the
details. Apprehending that, and desiring to
avoid it, 1 propose to make one further efibit to
prepare a bill which shall harmonize the friends
of the measure of emancipation in Missouri; and
with a view to that, I move that the bill itself,
with the proposition of the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts, be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is put,
I desire to offer as asubstitute for the second sec-
tion the proposition I hold in my hand, so that it
may be printed and go to the committee with the
bilk
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe.)
The Chair is of opinion that the amendment pro-
posed by the Scnutor fiom Illinois is not now m
order.
Mr. CLARK. It can be received by unan-
imous consent, and printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it is m order. The
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
to strike out the whole bill and insert a substitute.
We can amend the original bill before it is sti icken
out. It makes no diiference, however, whether
my amendment is now in order or not, as I only
desire to have it printed,
Mr. KING. It can be received by common
consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment of the Senatorfrom Il-
linois will bo leceived and ordered to be printed.
The Chair hears no objection. That order is
made. It is now moved that the bill, with the
proposed amendments, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciaiy.
The motion was agieed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WILLEY. It is known to the Senate that
the honorable Senator from Illinois, the head of
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, (Mr. Brown-
ing,) retiied from his seat to-day. It is necessary
that some Senator should be appointed in his place.
I wish to state in this connection, being second
on that committee, that it is pretty ceriam that I
shall have to ask leave of absence in a few days
to be away for some time from my seat in the
Senate. I, therefoie, now ask to be lelieved en-
tirely from further service on that committee, so
that when the successor of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, as clumman of the committee, shall
be appointed, a member may also be appointed
in my place on the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moves that he be excused from
further service on the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
The motion was agieed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Seoate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time engaged therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 30,1R63.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev, Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CHARGES AGAINST COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
licsolvcd, That a special committee of fivo members of
the IIoiw bo appointed to inqnne into the tiuth ol the
ehaiges contained in the accompanying pamphlet, puipori-
nti? to be -n^ned hv R. Bous, with power to -end lor per-
son-. and p ipeif> anil to examine witnesses undui oath, to
employ n eleik at the u-ualcompensation, and with hbeity
to iep<>it at an> tune what action it may be ptoper to take
in the pieniises-.
COLLISIONS ON WATER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill fixing retain rules and regula-
tions for preventing collisions on water; which
was lead a fust and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commeice.
On motion of Mr. F. A. CONKI/ING, the bill
was ordered to be printed.
PAV, ETC,., OF OEFICKItS oV THE ARMY.
Mr. WASUBURNE also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution giving a con-
struction to the act of Congress approved July
17, 18(J2, entitled " An net to define the pay and
emoluments of eertam officers of the Aimy, and
for other purposes," which was read a fust and
second tune, and refeircd to the Committee on
Commerce.
CAPTURED OFFICERS.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following lesolution; which was read,
consjdeied, and agieed to:
Resolved, Thm the Gem Ml ni-Chief of the Aim) bf> di-
rected to niioini the Hon- <•: P i pu'M*utatives wlirtliyt any
ie|>e! otiieer--, captuwd h) the Atmy ot t'tc I'mn-d Static,
h.ivc panted p.unle Mnce the pioel.mMJion of JefK'i-
feoti Davis lriuMtiii to pdiOu' ot (•.\.eiunL:^, eapiuted oiueei3
ot L'nton iraiments
CODIFICATION OF flENKIUL STATUTES.
Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported baek from the Committee on the Judiciary
House bill JNTo. 112, to provide a boaid of com-
missioners to i evi.se and codify the general statute
law of the United States; which was postponed
until Wednesday, and made a special order.
SOSCOL UANCIII3.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the bill of the House JNo.
623, £wuitmg the ii<*ht of preemption to ccitam
pui chasers of the Soscol uinehe in the State of
California, awl submitted a report recommending
that the House recede fiom its ilisagrecmentto the
amendments of the Senate; which was recomitted
and ordered to be piinted.
BOUNTY TO WIDOWS.
Mr. McPIIERSON asked the consent of the
House ton port fiorn the Committee on Military
Affairs Home J>iU No. G57, supplemental y to
the act oi July 22, 1801,m .u.ihonze the employ-
ment of voiunteeis to aid in the- enforcement of
the laws and piotcctmg the public property, and
put the iuil on its passage.
The bill was tend af length.
Mi THOMAS, of Massachusetts, and others,
objected.
ELECTIONS IN SECEDED STATES.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee ot Elections to make inquiry whether any
response, has been made to the lesolution adopted
by the House two weeks ago lastMonday,calling
upon the President foi such instructions as he
may have given certain military officers touching
elections to this House.
The SPEAKER. If any such response has
been received, it has been referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
DIRECT TAXES.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 458) to amend an act entitled •* An act
for the collection of direct taxes in insurrection-
ary districts in the United States, and for other
purposes," approved June 7, 1862, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and refeircd to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
Mr. WORCESTER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
road, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be instruct-
ed to mqtino into the expediency of amending the act es-
labelling the Depaitment ot AjiiicuUaie ni such manner
to limit the numbei, piescube the duties, and fix and
piovide toi the compensation of the clcrks and other em-
ploys of the Depaitment; and tiint m pursuing sanfin-
quny, they be itKUueted to ascertain the number of eleiks
and other employed now in s.ud Depaitmeut, hy whom
and when appointed, their duties and salaries, and by what
law and out ol what appiopnattou the salaries of such
cleiUs and other employes auj paid, and that said com-
mittee teport by bill or otherwise.
MIAMI INDIANS.
On motion of Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous
consent, the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, made on the 20th instant, upon the sub-
ject of the Miami Indians, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and with the accompanying
papt'is referred to the Committee of Ways ana
Means.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
mid Means, reported a bill malting appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for I he year end ins; Jiine 30,18G4; which was read
a first and second time, refeired to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or-
dered to be printed, and made the special order
for Tuesday next.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
16G4; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole oil the state
of the Union, ordered to be printed, and made a
spccial older for Thursday next.
ARMY APPIIOPIIIATION" BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the bill of the House (No. G10) making-
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1864, was taken from tlio
Speak-1 's table, and with ihe amendments of the
Senate theieto referred to the Committee of Waya
and Means.
On lnouon of Mr. STEVENS, House bill No.
ICG, making appiopi iations foi die payment of in-
valid and Oilier pensions of the United States for
the year ending June 30, 1864, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and wiih the amendments of the
Senate thereto referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
lM r. A RNOLD. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope that my
colleague will withdraw bis demand foi tlie regular
order of business in older that a bill may be re-
potted fiom the Committee on the Judiciary with
eel lam Senate amendments.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the I louse to report back from ihe Committee
on the Judiciary the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. '210', to amend an act entitled " All
act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States," approved Feb-
ruary 24, 1855, with a recommendation that the
amendments bo non-concurred in.
40
