1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14, 1863.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have you made any in-
quiry on tljHt point?
Mr. DA VIS. Yes, sir. I learn that it can be
done very speedily and with very little additional
labor.
The resolution wag agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned until eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 12, 1863.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Alexander Ramsey, of Minnesota, whose
credentials have been heretofore presented, being
present, the oath to support theConstitution of the
United States,and the additional oath presciibed
by the act of July 1862, were administered to
him by the President pro tempore, and Mr. Ram-
sey took his seat in the Senate.
FOREIGN' AND DOMESTIC COMMERCE.
Mr. Mc.DOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which way considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Trea=ury be directed
to have prepaicd and pie^enteii to the Senate a statistical
ami general lepoit upon the value ami present condition of
our foreign .mil domestic eonnm-rce, including n-> well that
of the Paeilic eoaM, and fmthei to -snidest what legislation,
if any, h necey aiy to enlarge and piotoct the important
iiuerebtsj involved.
EXECUTIVE yK^FJON.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after six hours
and a half spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlarck Ki, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
BATTLE OF MURFREESBORO'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, m compliance with a resolu-
tion of the 10th instant, a copy of Major General
Rosecrans's repori of the battle of Murfreesboro*
or Stone river; which, on motion of Mr. Dixon,
was ordered to be printed. A motion of Mr.
Dixon to piint two thousand additional copies
was referred to the Committee on Printing'.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, subsequently reported in favor of the
motion; and it was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OP TIIK SENATE.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
' Ordered, Th.it a committee, cons.is.ting of two members,
be appointed by the President pro tempore to w:ur upon ;
the Pre&ulent of the United States, and inquite if he has ;
any further communication to make to the Senate. ]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr. '
I Fessenden and Mr. Powell. !
! Mr. FESSENDEN, subsequently, from the |
^ committee appointed to wait upon the President I
i of the United States, and inquire if he had any
j further communication to make to the Senate, re-
ported that the committee had performed the duly
I assigned them, and that the President replied that
; he was not aware that he had any further com-
\ munication to make.
: Mr. COWAN thcirupon submitted the follow-
j ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
. mous consent, and ajrieed to:
I£esr>/p<?</,That the President jno tempore at two o'clock
tomorrow declare the Senate adjourned without day.
! On motion of Mr. HARRIS, ihe Senate then
I adjourned.
I IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jtfarch 14, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yestci day was read and approved.
PAP K R S w IT11 n ft a w n .
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Oidcicd, Th.it Hiram F.mldm? have leave to withdraw
his memorial and paper* fioin tin1 files of the Senate.
PETITION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Gilbert. Vrooman, only surviving son and heir
of Peter Vrooman, deceastd, praying for com-
pensation for provisions, forage, and other sup-
plies furnished by his father to certain United
States troops during the war with Great Britain
in the year 1813.
The petition and accompanying; papers were
referred to the Court of Claims.
COMMERCE, MANUFACTURE, AND AGRICULTURE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hold in my hand a mem-
orandum, prepared by one of the officers of the
Senate, respecting the history of the Committees
on Commerce, Manufacture, and Agriculture. It
is of a good deal of interest. 1 aslc that it be
printed among the miscellaneous documents.
It was ordered to be printed.
PAPERS RECOMMITTED TO COURT OF CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Cmnt of Claim5;, in the
ea-.e ot Theodoie Adams, be recommitted to the Court of
Claims.
REPORT OF MAJOR FERGUSON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretaty of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance will) a irsolution of the
Senate of the 11th instant, the i epoi t of Major D.
Ferguson, on the country, its resources, and the
route between Tucson and Lobog bay; which,
on motion of Mr. Anthony, was ordered to be
pnn ted.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, twenty-two bundled addi-
tional copii s of the repoit were ordered to be
punted, two hundred of which shall be for the
use of the Governor of the Territory of Arizona.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr, SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after an hour
and three quarters spent in executive session, the
■ doors were reopened.
The PRESiDENT pro tempore. The hour of
two o'clock having arrived, the Chair, in pursu-
ance of the previous order of the Senate, now de-
clares the Senate of the United States adjourned
without day.
THE END.
