1803.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
are told. If that was the purpose of the original
bill, and of the substitute of the Secretary of War,
why insert the proviso ? Why establish recruit-
ing stations in the loyal slave States? Why com-
mand the Executive to recruit slaves and buy his
soldiery? Can any gentleman, however astute,
find any difference between the law as now pro-
Eosed and the law as it is upon the statute-book?
►oes not the same inequality exist between the
African soldier here in this bill,and even a greater
inequality, than that in the statute to which my
friend upon the left alluded yesterday.
The act to call out the militia, approved July
17,186S, expressly authorized, without any limit-
ation, the employment of negroes by the Presi-
dent in the military and naval service, wherever,
in his opinion they were competent for that ser-
vice. The only restriction upon that power of em-
ploying, paying, commissioning, and giving them
command over white or black is by a provision,
in effect, that private soldiers shall only be enti-
tled to ten dollais per month, and that three dol-
lars of that may be paid in clothing.
This bill as it now stands upon the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who origin-
ally introduced it, establishes as great an inequal-
ity between the two clases of soldiers as does the
law upon the statute-book. If the proviso of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pouter,] which I
hold in my hand, is adopted, the difference be-
tween the two classes of soldiers will he consid-
erable indeed, and much more than by the law as
it now stands,
I undertake to say, therefore, and I apprehend
with perfect justice, that the reason assigned for
the passage of this bill is not the true reason, and
that the distinguished gentleman from the State of
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has not hern upon
this occasion as candid as he generally is upon
this subject. I do not know why he should ex-
hibit any reluctance in disclosing his whole policy
as to the negro standing army, unless it be the
consideration he advanced the other day, that his
brethren are still behind him, advancing with
short and reluctant steps; but, being still in the
condition of babes in the faith, they are to be fed
upon milk and not strong meat.
His purpose was to organize in military array
the negroes who were proclaimed free on the Istof
January last by the Executive, flis proposition
and his purpose was to intrench the African race
upon the soil of the cotton States, and there by
our aid and policy maintain them, and extermi-
nate and d live out the white people of those States.
And with our assistance they are to be schooled
in the sublime education of war. lie knows that
they who would be free themselves must strike
the blow. He has seen these Aft icans residing in
our midst, where they see and hear all we do; and
for fear that they do not hear and see enough their
masters carefully tell them of it, with every aggra-
vation. Yet with the war laging all round them,
quiet, patient, contented, making no effort for the
achievement of their own liberty, they are to be
educated to it by the Government in the discipline
of war; they are to be educated to it in the shed-
ding of the blood of white men, in the sack of
cities and plunder of the people, and by uproot-
ing a civilization which is older than the Union.
"What was the use of the proclamation declaring
four million Africans free, unless that was to be
followed up by an armed organization of that pop-
ulation? Or, was it, sir, merely another piece of
the Chinese mode of warfare, the beating of gongs
and the blowing of horns to scare people whom
the eternal devil could not scan1?
Now, sir, the President took this step, impelled
by that black visaiurgis which has pushed him fi om
the beginning, and animated by a crazy ambition
to be thought thiough the future ages the great
apostle of liberty and humanity. Still m the gmsp
of this wonderfully energetic, but small faction,
there is no retreat for the Piesident, and he must
persevere or meet the wrath of his supporters.
They never will consent to a restoration of the re-
volted States by a peace which would recognize the
return of those emancipated slaves to the condition
from which they assume the proclamation libera-
ted them. IIow would thatabolition sentiment to
which the President has abandoned himself, and
to win whose smiles lie has lost the love of mil-
lions of hearts and thesupportof millionsof hands
—how would it curse him and persecute him,
should he abandon the negro to hia master.
Yes, sir; so far as he is concerned,and so far as
all who take that stand are concerned, they must
persevere to the extermination of the white peo-
ple of the South, and the planting in their stead the
loyal black race, sustained by their own military
organization, and the arms and wealth and policy
of their white-alhes. In your reflection upon this
subject, Mr. Speaker, [Mr. Porter in the chair,]
which must have been various and interesting,
have you never fancied that storm of wrath and in-
dignation which would fall from the pulpit, from
the abolition press, from the abolition lecturer,
stump orator, and maudlin poet, upon the head of
this apostle of freedom, should he prove false to
his programme of death and destruction to the in-
habitants of fifteen Slates; if he should abandon
these negroes after he has once declared them free?
They say now that he is a man of "no high prin-
ciples;'' what would they nay of him then?
The only way, in the President'^ opinion, and
in the opinion of the friends of this measure, to
give effect to his bull against the comet, is to or-
ganize the negroes of the South in military array,
and support them throughout all time by the
policy and arms of the free States. Well, sir,
the law as it now stands, it seems to mc, is ample
to carry out this project. I do not know why the
Executive should come here for any more power
upon the subject of recruiting,organizing, officer-
iug, paying, marching, and fighting African brig-
ades than there is now upon the statute-book;
and 1 confess now that I am induced to raise my
voice against this measure, not so much because
it is something new, but because the time has
come when every man should speak out; when
every man who preserves any love for his coun-
try should declare all the feelings of his heart,
and all the purposes of his mind without any
reservation, and should here, in tlu« place,
where he has been posted as a sentinel by his
people, proclaim to them that there is no hope,
no escape from this policy that aims at their
total destiuction, except m an instant, united,
firm, and manly resistance to it; and by an ap-
peal for protection to that power which is behind
presidents and cabinets; the powei that made theni
and can unmake them; the power which lives and
breathes and burns; the power which has spoken
at the ballot-box. There is no longei any vntue
in silence and forbearance. I have tried it; we
havetiied it. Sir, the tortoise will pole its head
fiom its shell when a coal of fire is put upon his
back; and there is a limit to the endurance of the
people of Kentucky, and the people of the whole
r.ounir, . I need not bestow my attention any
further on the particular characteristics of this
measure—I should rather say its particular phiase-
ology, its particular provisions—but proceed to
examine the reason:? that are advanced in its> sup-
port, and to give such reasons as I can offer
against its passage. If it in to be defended at all
here, it is to be defended as a war measure, as a
measure providing means for overcoming the re-
bellion by arms.
J have paid some little attention to the speeches
we have heard from vanous quarters in favor of
this bill. The sum of all is that the African can
be made a good soldier, that he can fight, is sus-
ceptible of discipline, and has displayed bravery.
1 know, sir, that some of the advocates of the;
measure, m their zeal for the negro, have exalted
him above the white man in the great game of
war; though they have not yet ventured, upon
this floor, to ascend to the height of that admna-
tion for the race to which other gentlemen fur more
distinguished, outside of these walls, have risen;
they will not here exalt Toussamt L'Ouvertme
above Napoleon or above Washington, hut they
find the African capable of being made a good sol-
dier, of displaying braveiy, of undergoing dis-
ciphne and fatigue, and, m general teims, they
proclaim that it is our duty to nail to our aid every-
body of that description that can fight; and, sir,
m the language of the gentleman fiom Indiana,
[Mr. Dunk,] they can see no leason why any-
body should object to such a policy as that.
Well, sir, admitting fur argument's sake ah that
is said by the advocates of the negio, I say that
it is not a wise war policy to call negioos into this
war as soldiers. You might ns well call upon the
Turco, who is so much lauded by u the champion
of a downtrodden race," (as he calls himself,) the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley;]
and aa there are a good many gentlemen from that
State, I will distinguish him as the one who saw
"the Milky Way" while he was a flanking" the
battle of Antietam; [laughter;] the gentleman
with the voice. [Renewed laughter.] Why not
call the Turcos to our defense? Why not go to
some petty German prince who coins the blood
of his subjects, and hire them to fight this battle
for Americans ? They would be cheaper; certainly
they would cost us less than buying the slaves of
loyal masters. Our bought soldiers, if Africans,
would be a dearer purchase at any price than
Hessians,and occasion moredisgust to our people.
No, sir; however good a soldier the African may
have proved himself to be, it cannot b<3 maintained
with the least plausibility that he is as a soldier
equal to the free citizens of America; and as a
mere war measure, as a mere measure for the
creation of an army to be all-prevailing in battle,
it is a mistake. We ought to take a just pride in
the invincible heroism of our own American vol-
unteer. Greece and Home and the great States
of the earth found their most glorious chivalry in
their own citizens. Rome's legions were made
up of Rome's citizens.
The chivalry of Spain, that once won every
battle, was composed ofthe floweroftheCastilian
citizenship; the Zouaves of France are French-
men; the men who struck down Napoleon at
Wateiloo were Britons,and the high-hearted and
valorous Celts of Ireland, and bold Highlanders
of Scotland, allof whom have representatives here
in America, in this grand composite racfe of the
Caucasian type. If we want legions that will
conquer, we must make them of such material as
have been accustomed to govern. As a war meas-
ure, therefore, it commends itself in no maimer.
I am not going to shock the sensibilities of gen-
tlemen by underrating the courage or skill of the
Afiican; I only ask to be permitted to claim that
they are inferior to the free citizens of Kentucky,
of Indiana, and of other States. Negro soldiers
will be harder to obtain than other soldiers. They
will be slower to volunteer. They will cost you
more money, and particularly if you buy them.
You can go to the State of Kentucky, and get more
freemen to enlist voluntarily under your banner
than you can slaves. Why, sir, I was astounded
even at the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy,] the man who yesterday beat the black malice
of his h«'art into his face with his ponderous fists,
and who sits upon the extreme right; he says that
this bill is opposed by men here who have obstruct-
ed drafting m the northern States,assisted by their
pio-slavery allies from the border States; that they
are unwilling to let the Government have white
soldiers,and unwilling to let the Government have
black soldiers; and that it is a part of the plan of
the party which lias ail along aided the rebellion
by obstructing the Government.
Well, sir, I remember that at the last session,
when we introduced a bill here authorizing Ken-
tucky to raise twenty thousand men to protect
the rear of the army then marching on Fort
Donelson, Nashville, and Shiloh, that gentleman
opposed and resisted it vehemently upon this floor;
and his ultra allies in the Senate defeated its pas-
sage at that session. The consequence has been
that the blood of thousands of our white men has
been shed, our flag disgraced, our communications
broken up, our supplies destroyed with fire and
sword, and a great State like Kentucky, that had
sent forty-four thousand of her soldiers to foreign
fields to uphold the flag of the Union, was sur-
rendered an undefended prey to the hordes of trea-
son. Sir, this blood, tins shame, this loss is upon
the head of that gentleman and his abolition allies.
We are here now offeiing those twenty thousand
for the defense of our nag; and who opposes
U? Why, men like the gentleman fiom Illinois.
They do not want the freemen of Kentucky to
follow our flag. They do not want freemen of that
complexion. They do not want to see the freemen
of Kentucky m battle array for the honor of the
Union. They might be an obstacle in the way of
the policy of ruin which these gentlemen advo-
cate. We have never seen any reluctance on the
part of our population to give the Government all
tlu soldieis it wants. Doe* our Government want
soldiers ' Does it say so? Has it called upon any
State to furnish volunteers when that State has
i efused to answer the call ? True, it has had some
difficulty in drafting nine months men; but those
difficulties have been greater in Massachusetts
than in Wisconsin, greater in Connecticut than
