630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
Constitution, strikes off their shackles, and will
enable them to enforce respect for its authority.'
It is said it will produce insurrection and ser-
vile war. Is insurrection of the slave against the
master so much worse than the insurrection and
rebellion of the master against the Government
and the Constitution? Is servile war so much
more full of horrors than a civil war?
But the proclamation does no such thing. It
incites neither insurrection nor a servile war, but
this bill puts arms into the hands o? freemen, not
of slaves—but into the hands of freemen fighting
at the same time for the preservation of the Gov-
ernment and their own liberties. It is said that
these men are timid and cowardly, and that to
them the sword is a terror. But inspired by the
hopes of liberty, with motives of home and family,
with motives of advancement and improvement,
you will find that the slaves of the plantation
differ from the freemen armed by the authority
of this bill to fight for their own liberty.
For such a people, in such a contest the sword
has no terrors—
<{ The sword ! a name of dread !
But when upon a freeman's thigh 'tis bound,
While for his altar and liis hearth,
While for the land which gave him birth,
The war drums roll—the numpets sound,
How sacred is the sword."
There never has been an instance in history,
there never can be an instance in history, where
humanity has become so degraded that it cannot
strike for freedom.
But gentlemen say it is a confession of failure to
employ the negro. Why, the greatest republic of
the Ola Woild was saved by the cackling of geese.
Rome was saved by this bird; and I think some-
times, when 1 hear these matters discussed, that
gentlemen on the other side seem to prefer that
way of salvation to the employment of the negro.
[Laughter.]
But is it true that these men arc unlit for soldiers
and for sailors? What has been the experience of
our country ? It is no new experiment. Instances
have been brought to the notice of this House re-
peatedly of the raising of regiments of slaves in
Rhode Island; the employment of negi oes 111 Now
York; the fighting of the buttles of the"Revolution
by men of color, stimulated by promises of free-
dom as their reward.
And numerous are the testimonials of men of
character and intelligence who have the respect of
the country, and whose names are emblazoned
upon its history, testifying to the efficiency of
these men in other times and other contests. Gen-
tlemen upon this floor yesterday said that we
should make ourselves the-scorn of Europe if we
appeal to the negro to fight our battles; and yet
at this very day there is hardly a European State
that does not now employ, and has not constantly
for years employed, colored soldiers in all then-
dependencies, where colored men, by reason of
climate or otherwise, could be used and made of
service. So Denmark and England and Holland
and France and Spain and Portugal have all had
organized regiments of negroes in their armies at
different times. The gentleman who has just taken
his seat has said that Rome's legions were her
citizens; and that the citizens of all the ancient
republics were those who fought their battles.
The gentleman should not forget that the name of
Spartacus, the Thracian gladiator, at the head of
an army of slaves, was the terror and the scourge
of Rome—drove back,defeated, and disgraced her
consuls, at the head of her legions, to the very
gates of the city, and left upon the plains of Italy
the marks of desolation and ruin which time has
not yet cffaccd.
But we have some experience in this rebellion
in relation to the efficiency of negro soldiers.
There are at this moment serving in the Navy of
the United States probably five thousand colored
seamen. I have in my possession a letter from
the commander of the fleet on the Mississippi,
Rear Admiral Porter, which says that he has
shipped upon his squadron four hundred negroes,
able-bodied contrabands, who work at the guns,
and that he hopes in a little time to make the
number a thousand. This excludes all who are
employed upon the transports at Cairo, and upon
the powder ships. At Hatteras, Commodore
Stringham testifies to the courage and conduct of
the negro crew working one of the guns of the
Minnesota. Admiral Du Pont, at Fort Royal,
bears the same testimony. Colonel Beard, who
led them upon an expedition so dangerous that
he could not induce white soldiers to follow him,
testifies to their good conduct and courage, and
he shows his faith in negro soldiers by resigning
the position he held in the Army, the command
of a white regiment, and coming back and asking
the President to put him at the head of the
negro soldiers to be raised, that he may take them
into the country of the enemy. General Butler,
following the example of General Moore, the
rebel governor of Louisiana, who had commis-
sioned a colored captain of a company of colored
soldiers, organized, with the sanction of the Gov-
ernment, the colored men in New Orleans to fight
the battles of the Union, instead of fighting the
battles of the rebellion.
And with all this testimony upon the subject—
the concurrent testimony of all civilized nations,
the testimony of our own history, and the ex-
amples which this war has produced, is it to be
said now that the negro is an inefficient soldier;
and is it to be said that the county does not need
his services ? In a few months the term of service
of the two years enlisted soldiers from New York
and other States will expire, and it is a very large
number. In a little more time, the services of
the nine months men, raised last summer, will
expire; and with traitors in the North resisting
conscription, with rebel and semi-rebel authority
in the North and traitor sympathizers in high
places resisting conscription and discouraging
drafting, I ask if it is not common sense to ap-
peal to that class of loyal citizens, who,l believe,
will make good soldiers, having the highest mo-
tives to success, and who havebeen demonstrated
to be such, and take them into the public service
as soldiers and sailors.
The confederate authorities complain of their
conscription laws that they allow one man to be
exempt for every twenty slaves, making an army
of one hundred and fifty thousand men who might
be brought into the service of the rebel authori-
ties if they were not compelled to stay at home to
watch the negroes. Now, suppose one hundred
and fifty thousand of those slaves upon the plan-
tations had arms in their'hands, without any or-
ganization, without any interference by the offi-
cers of the Government, how many more men do
you think would stay at home from the rebel ranks
to watch them? Why, the very fact that these
men, by their own admissions, arc driven to this
necessity, shows that if the negroes had arms put
into their bunds to enforce their own rights against
the rebels, it would disperse in a day the whole
rebel army. They could not stay in the field if
the negroes on the plantations were barely fur-
nished with arms, though without instruction or
discipline.
But it is said dissatisfaction is to be produced by
this. You hear threats of combinations of white
men to resist tins arming of negroes. And this is
the love for the Constitution of those who at this
day have undertaken its guardianship; those who
luiu; habitually violated it for years. These arc
the men who come forward now as the special
advocates of the Constitution; men whose polit-
ical strength and control have been secured by in-
fractions of the Constitution; the men for whose
purposes Louisiana was purchased without con-
stitutional authority, and Florida, and, in our own
day, Texas. Anil yet these things have been
yielded to as accomplished facts, and so will it be
with this proclamation, even though it had not the
sanction of constitutional auihouty, when once
you put this bill into practical opeiation; for no
community of negroes who have once had arms
in then* hands can again be subjugated to the re-
straints of slavery. History furnishes no such
example. The arming of the slave population is
the end of the institution for all time, and no less
the end of this rebellion.
I talk not about the Constitution. It has be-
come, in the hands of the timid lawyers and time-
serving politicians, a shield between the Govern-
ment and the persons and the estates of the rebels.
" To such base uses has it come at last." It is
continually frustiating the efforts of this Govern-
ment to put down this rebellion. The men who
can stand up here and use it for no other, no bet-
ter purpose, I care not how honored such men may
be; I care not how long may have been their pub-
lic service; I care not how illustrious their career;
the men who come here and in this way destroy
the love of every man and his respect far the
Constitution of his country, it may be justly said
of the best of them:
" Superfluous lags the veteran on the stage."
It is time that his departure was signalized. The
true way to enlist the sympathies of this people
in behalf of the Constitution of the country is to
show them that it is no longer to be used for the
protection of an institution hostile to ail its prin-
ciples. It is time that the people should be taught
the practical lesson that the great ends for which
the framers of that Constitution made it, to form
a more perfect union, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure and perpetuate liberty, are to be
thought of in the uses which politicians shall make
of the instrument.
Now, sir, while the timid are disheartened;
while the disloyal grow bold and threatening and
riotous; while wicked partisans ore striving to
rise upon the ruins of their country; while a sham
Democracy are shutting the door in the face of
northern laborers and southern laborers and the
emigrants from Europe to the avenues to the fer-
tile fields of the South, and trying to perpetuate,
in the name of human rights, the vilest and most
infamous aristocracy with which a long-suffering
country was ever cursed, this most wise and hu-
mane and necessary measure is rallying around
the Government, and will bring to its aid a class
of earnest, thoughtful, conscientious men; of men
who, however they may be sneered at and de-
spised, have always fixed the destiny of nations
and controlled the policy of their age; who have
established the rights of conscience, fought the
battles of civil liberty upon a hundred fields, and
snatched popular rights from unwilling despots;
Puiitans, if you will; Roundheads, if you will;
whose anceptors were the soldiers and companions
of Cromwell, who engraved upon their shields
the motto of " trust in God;" the heroes of every
age; the masters and conquerois of the aristocrats
in every controversy which they have sought with
them, and where they have brought privilege in
conflict with popular rights. These are the men
who, with their strong arms, will rallyaround this
ptoclamation-and the policy of the Government.
They will sustain it; they will sustain it triumph-
antly; they will carry the policy announced in
this proclamation to its legitimate ends.
Let me assure gentlemen that the logical conse-
quences of this controversy do not stop even here.
We have aheady provided by a law of Congress
for the sale of estates for taxes in insurrectionary
territory. I hope that before the end of this Con-
gress we shall pass a law for the seizure and con-
fiscation of the fee of rebels in their land—a thor-
oughly constitutional measure, in my judgment—
not merely of the life estate, but of the whole
estate. I hope to see the estates of rebels distrib-
uted, under our homestead law, to emigrants; to
sec them divided m bounties to our soldiers; to
see a well-considered system of land laws, in
which all sales of the public domain in the rebel
States shall be upon the invariable condition that
freedom shall be impressed upon the soil, and that
a foifeiture of the estate shall follow the holding
or the working of a slave theieon—a perfectly
competent condition for the Government to im-
pose in the sale of its lands, and one which con-
flicts with no State law, and interferes with no
State law for the protection of slavery. They may
hold the institution, but they shall not hold it upon
the lands of the Government.
| These are some of ihebiiter but wholesome and
| necessary fruits of this rebellion. They put an end
^ to the vilest aiistocracy upon which the sun has
| ever shone; and when that is accomplished, no
! child in the distant future, as he plays upon the
battle-fields of this contest with the bleached bones
! of our soldiers, shall have old traditions satisfy his
curiosity with the idle and empty sound that, al-
though liberty has gained nothing, although hu-
manity has gained nothing, although progress and
civilization have gained nothing, yet*"'twas a fa-
mous \ictory We want something more de-
cisive than barren victory and conquest. The mad-
ness of the slaveholder has put his institution in
ourhands. We are responsible for the useof the
I power with which he, in his folly, has intrusted
; us; and we should see to it that the basis of justice,
] equality, and liberty upon which our independ-
j ence was gained, the basis upon which our Con-
i stitution was formed, should, by the exercise of
| our legitimate authority, be so established m this
I land that, to the end of time, the generations that
