1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
come after us shall look back and call down bless-
ings upon this Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT next addressed the House for
an hour. (His spcech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. D1VEN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a
few words in relation to the measure before the
House. If I can command the attention of the
House in that effort, I will be fortunate. I have
no expectation or desire to charm the ear of any
one by any resort to eloquence or the power of
speech. I desire, without any unnecessary pro-
lixity, and through the direct road of thought, to
say a few words in relation to the measure under
consideration.
Early in this contest 1 discovered that if our
arms were to be successful, if we were to van-
quish the enemy opposed to us, if wc were to in-
vade the strongholds of the enemy, and drive
them from their positions, a large class of people,
embodying great physical power, would be left
without any of the control which has hitherto
commanded and controlled them, and that it would
become necessary for this Government to provide
some measure for their support, and perhaps for
their employment.
Instigated by that foresight, as I claim it to be,
as early as the 4th of June last 1 sought to intro-
duce, as an amendment to the bill then pending
before this House, a proposition which I will now
read:
" Be it cnactcd hythe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, Thiit
tins President be authorized, by pioelamation or othmvi-e,
to invite the cmollment of negiocs tiom the States of Vir-
ginia, North Caiolma, .South Caiolma, Geoigia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Lou^tana, Texas, and Aikansa>, and
to enroll the satne in the scivice of the United Mates, to he
employed as team^-teis, nur-es-, waiteo. oi oiiit rwioe a-^ non-
combatant?, or to be mustered into companies, legimcnts,
or other divisions, as to the I'icsident may seem pioper, to
be ofiicered with olficc-rs of the regulai Auny, and sub-
jected to the discipline, rules., and regulations ot the Auny
of the United Stateto be employed m trenches, sjari t?>on,
and otfiei duty, in .such localities as aie deemed jnost un-
healthy to unacctimatcd while men.
*• ri£C. 2. And be it further enacted, That the enlistment of
eu<*h negroes may be lor tluee year*, unless the wat shall
sooner terminate, in which case it •-hall beduung tfie war.
4* f?nc. 3 And be it fai thcr cnaitcd, That m ease any ne-
gro enrolling tumsell *liall have a wife oi children, and shall
bung wnh htm to the camps such w u'e and ehildieii, the
commanding otticer may employ such wife, oi ehiUhen of
suitable a<re, (ut cook--, mtr-.es:, tscivants, or otheiwi^e, as
to <meh coinmandimr olliccr may seem piopei,and ptovule
such quarter*. rations, and clothing, eithei in or out of the
camp, lor such women and cluldien, a- may &eem night and
piopi-i to Mich conuii:iri(lin« officer; but such women and
children shall tit all time^ be subject to the tules and leg
illations ot the Auny. and to the ordei> of the otlicer m
command.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the pay of every
ncgio so emolled shall be the monthly pay oi a puvate m
the regular Army of the United State:-, but uu amount not
exceeding one half of <>u<Mi wall's may be applied to the
suppoit of ehikhen of such enrolled nemo, when, in the
opinion of the otfieei in command, the bctvices ot the wile
oi children of such negiodonotamountto enough loi their
Decenary support.
Sec.'o. And be it further enacted, That attheexpiiation
of the term ot seiviee of any such ne^ro, or upon his bo-
ing houoiably discharged, the Government shall, in lieu of
all other bounty, pay the expense ot the emulation of -ueh
negio, unci Iifs wife and chikhen, if any, to JJajti, Libera,
oi such iH'jpo Government oi colony as such negro may
elect to emigrate to, and shall provide in such Government
or colony a home loi such negio, with six months* support
for hnn?elf and lamiiy.
•' rfcc. 6. And be it further enacted, That if the slaves ol
any pet son or persons who have been ami continued lojal
to the Government ol the United States shall be employed
and emigrated by the operation of this act, such loyal citi-
zen oi citizens shall be entitled t<> just and iea onal>le com-
pensation for his claim to the service oi labor of such slave."
Early as the 4th of last June, Mr. Speaker, I
submitted that proposition to the House. I left my
seat in Congress on the 5th of July. I find—and
I was only advised of the fact yesterday or the
day before—that on the 17th day of July the fol-
lowing provisions of law passed this Congress,
and received the sanction of the President, in a
bill which has been already quoted by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, namely:
"Sec. 12. And be it further enactcd, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized to receive into the service
of the United States tor tbe purpose of constructing m-
trenchments, or performing camp service, or any other
labor, or any military or naval service loi which they may
be loutid competent, persons of Afucan descent, and such
persons shall be enrolled and or^anr/^d underruch regula-
tions, not inconsistent with the Constitution and luwa, as
the President may prescribe.
"Sec. 13 And be it fwther enacted, That when any man
Or boy of African de.scent, who by the laws of any State
shall owe ?.ervice or labor to any per.son wiio, during the
piesent rebellion, has levied war or has borne arm*against
the United States, or adhered to their enemies by giving
them aid and comfort, shall render any such service as is
provided lor in this act, he, his mother and his wife and
ehiidien, shall foicver thereafter be tree, any law,linage,
or custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanthug:
Provided, That the mother, wife and children of such man
or boy Alt lean descent shall not be made fieo by the
operation of this act except where such mother, wife or
children owe servicc or labor to some person who, during
the present rebellion, has borne arms against the United
States, or adheied to their enemies by giving them aid and
comioit.
<' Sec, 14. And be il further enactcd, That the expenses
incurred to carry this act into effect shall be paid out of the
general appropriation for the Army and volunteers."
Thus this law, already existing, protects the
men who have adhered to the Government against
any interference from the operation of the employ-
ment of negroes in the service of the Government.
Then there is this further provision:
u Sr:c. 13. And be it further cnactcd, That all persons who
have been or shall be hereafter emolled in the service of
the United States under this act shall icceive the pay and
lations now allowed by law to soldiers, according to their
respeciive giades : Provided, That persons of Afiican de-
scent, who under this law shall be employed, shall receive
ten dollats pei month and om- ration, three dollais of which
monthly pay may be in clothing.*'
Now, Mr. Speaker, the House will understand,
upon an examination of this law, what the pres-
ent authority in relation to the employment of ne-
groes in the scrv ice of the United States is; while
fiom the bill I have read they will be possessed of
my opinion of the mode in which they may and
should be employed. By reference to the bill un-
der consideration they will be possessed further
of the opinions of the mover of that bill m refer-
ence to changing the existing law. When that bill
was first before the House I was not aware of the
passage of the act of July 17, 18G2, to which 1
have referred. Had I been m possession of that
knowledge 1 should not have regarded this bill of
as much importance as I did when ignorant of the
existence of the present law. I do not regard the
passage of this law as of paramount importance.
I do not regard it of sufficient importance to just-
ify the excitement that it has occasioned m this
Hall. I do think the President ought to possess the
power—and that provision is already made—for
the employment of this class of men in the m i vice
of the United States, in all the positions in which
they can or ought to be employed. I do not say
that there could not be an amendment to that pro-
vision which might be beneficial. I prefor the pro-
visions which are embodied in the amendment I
offered on the 4th of June. I prefer them for the
reason that they made provision for the emigra-
tion of th'1 black men who may have been em-
ployed in the service of our country. I like them
in that they not only make provision for such
persons, but for their children. 1 like them m
that they confine the employment of these men
to those localities which are in rebellion against
the Government of the United States, and do not
apply to the border States which have been loyai
and have adhered fo the Government,
For these reasons, 1 prefer the provisions of
that amendment, and for these reasons 1 shall
offer them as an amendment to the bill under con-
sideration. If this House m its wisdom shall
reject them, well; if not, I shall not complain, i
know it is difficult to enlist the attention of this
House. I know it is difficult to secure the calm
consideration of this House by any speech I can
make, fiee from the passions that control the two
sections of this body. I know, sir, that the word
negro cannot be mentioned in this House butthat
it is like drawinga lighted match acrossapowder
magazine. There is a class of men here who fly
into instant passion when the woid is spoken,
and they invoke the highest strains of eloquence
in the denunciation of slavery, and stop notatthe
most extravagant expressions for the purpose of
venting their execrations against the upholders
of slavery. On the other hand, there are those,
wedded to this institution, who cannot hear the
word without invoking the same extravagant ex-
pressions in denunciation of abolitionism.
Sir, if this prejudice could be dismissed for a
time from the Hall, we might calmly look at this
question. Now, sir, as to the practical question
whether negroes can be profitably employed to
put down this rebellion, to restore the Union as
U was and the Constitution as it is, T desire to say
a few words. 1 desire the attention of the House
while I consider for a short time the question
whether the adoption of this measure will con-
tribute to that result.
No one, I apprehend, will doubt but that the nfe-,
gro man can be armed. No one, I apprehend, will v
doubt that his physical strength and power is suf-
ficient, and that that physical strength and power
and manhood can be employed and wielded for a
purpose. But then it is said that so strong is the
prejudice against this race of men that if we em-
ploy them in our armies a feeling will be aroused
m the minds of the white soldiers that will maka
them so discontented with the service that they will
leave it altogether, or give it only a feeble support;
and that we will lose more in the white soluiera
than we will gain in the blacks. Again it is said
that the employment of the black man as a soldier,
and his training in the use of arms, will so instruct
him in his powers as to render him a dangerous
enemy of die white race when we shall have put
down this rebellion and restored this Government,
If it be true that by the employment of black
men in the Army we should lose more by the
withdrawal of white soldiers than we add to tho
Army by theemploymentof the black man, then,
sir, I am opposed to his employment, and so
ought every member of this House to be. If it
be true that, after we shall have put down this re-
bellion, the instruction which the employment of
the black man in the use of arms will give to him
will make him a dangerous element of society,
dangerous to the white lace, then 1 am opposed
to his employment; for God knows that through
my life 1 will stand up for the race and for tno
nation of men to which I belong.
I propose now to consider these objections t&
the employment of the black man dispassion-
ately for a few moments, and see whether he can*
not be employed in aid of this cause without any
of the dangerous results that are apprehended.
I think that my experience in the time that has
elapsed since I left this Hall, and my return tq it
the other day, has afforded me some opportuni-
ties of testifying in regard to this question that
are not possessed byevcry member ofthisHouse.
The amendment that I propose to offer to this bill
makes provision for the employment of these men,
and contemplates that they shall first be organ-
ized. Who, in heaven's name, but a madfanatic,
reckless of human life and of all the endearments
of society, would employ the black man without
organizing mid controlling him and subjectinghim
to discipline? Who would place arms in the
hands of the undisciplined African, to murder his
master and mistrcssandtheir children? 1 envy not
the heart of the man who would be guilty ofsuch an
act. 1 sympathize with no such war upon human-
ity us that. I would not convert this war into
anything but a civilized war. I would not strip
it of one of the restraints of the rules of civilized
warfare. Never; no, never. But cannot wc em-
ploy the African prolitably without giving loose
license to hisuncivilized propensitiesand his reck-
less disposition to rapine and murder? That, sir,
is the question with me. We can never purchase
the liberties of this country and restore and rees-
tablish the Union by any unhallowed measures of
rapine and cruelty. U is by the strong arms of
our brave, stout-hearted soldiers that this Union
is to be restored, if it is ever to be restored*, and
that it will be restored I have never doubted and
do not doubt now. The worst danger to it con-
sists in the divisions of those who are devoted to
it; but I believe that these divisions will,ingood
time, be healed.
Sir, in my honest judgment, the black man may
be employed without endangering civil society,
without violating the rules of civilized warfare,
and without entailing upon the country any of the
horrors of savage warfare. Did I not think so
1 would be the last man to advocate these measures.
They can be employed without trampling upon
any provision of the Constitution. Did I not
think so I would be the last man to advocate such
a measure. They can be employed without impair-
ing the loyalty of any of the border States. Did
I not think so I would not advocate any of these
measures. I think my friends from the border
States will bear testimony that I have ever been
true to their interests and sympathized with them;
and T would like to appeal to them, and ask them
what they would do with the negroes in South
Carolina if the white inhabitants had fled from it,
and we had taken possession of itwith our arms?
Would they leave theru to roam unfed and un-
protected over the fields abandoned by their
masters? Would they feed them at the natiauai
