THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
January 30,
expense without exacting from them any consid-
eration for the munificcner bestowed upon them?
Would they send them into the interior to their
masters, saying " we will have nothing to do with
yon; you must follow your masters?" In Heav-
en's name, what would you do with them ? They
are upon your hands; you have driven their mas-
ters from them; and it is left to you to make pro-
vision for them. You have nothing else to do.
You would be inhuman and cruel if you did not
do it^aftcr having deprived them of the protection
of government; for there never was any govern-
ment for the slaves, save the government of the
master, and of that you have deprived them. Sir,
you can do no more humane act toward them than
to enroll them in yonr service and employ them.
There is no reason why any man under heaven,
slaveholder or not,should be dissatisfied with that
use of them. I propose that they shall be thus
employed; and now the material question is, to
what extent can they be employed without creat-
ing any of the evils that haunt the minds of those
men who live whcie the system of slavery is tol-
erated. That,in myjudzment, is a difficultqucs-
tion t.o solve. I have talked with few loyal men,
even from the slave States, who did not admit
that these men might bo employed, and profitably
employed, by the Government.
Now, as to tiie extent of their employment.
The amendment that I propose to offer provides
that they may be employed in intrenchments and
as nurses and teamsters. I suppose that had it
stopped there it would have received the appro-
bation of every man in this Hall; but I know, and
we all know, that there are oilier means of employ-
ing them, and other occasions on which they may
be profitably employed. We have them in our
service; we have employed them and adopted a
system of discipline to control them. Now, hav-
ing done that, how far can we go before the ob-
jections which have been raised to their employ-
ment shall begin to operate > We have forts and
intrenchments where, under the burning sun,
white men can scarcely stand. If we have organ-
ized Africans in such forts 01 intrenchments shall
we not employ them with handspikes m woiking
the guns, with swabs in wiping the guns, or, if
they are skilled insight, in sigh ting tho guns against
the enemy? Would you restrict their employ-
ment so that in this essential element of usefulness
in putting down the rebellion you could not em-
ploy them? I cannot see the wisdom of such a
restriction. I would, therefore, after providing
for their employment m the trenches and ditches,
and as nurses, servants, and teamsters, add the
words, "and in such other service as they may-
be found useful in." I would leave it to the offi-
cers placed over them to deiermmo when they
should be used as soldiers and when not. I be-
believe that the passage of neither of these bills
would ever marshal the black man into the ranks,
would ever brigade him m the same biigade, or
place him m the same division with the white man;
but I believe that without that ho can be employed
in the scrvice of the country in putting down this
rebellion,and profitably employed,and employed,
too, without creating any of tin; objections which
have suggested themselves to the minds of those
gentlemen who have raised opposition to these
measures.
Sir, I fully concur in the opinion that it will not
do to place these black men upon an equably with
the white soldiersof the land. 1 would scmn and
despise as heartily as any man a proposition to
putatierof black men asa bulwark behind which
white men were to fight. I would condemn the
cowardice of the soldier who should seek to place
such a shield between him and the enemy.
But, sir, we want all the materials that we can
command to use against the enemy. I do not
advocate the employment of these men in the ser-
vice of the Government because I doubt or ques-
tion the ability of the white man unaided to put
down this rebellion. i\o, sir, 1 have never doubted
that power. I know it exists. I have seen the
hosts of rebellion and those of freedom meet on
the ensanguined field, and 1 have no lingering
doubt as to the ability of the free white soldiers
of liberty to cope with the minions of rebellion.
No trial of strength has ever exhibited any want
of power or courage on behalf of those who but-
tle for freedom less than that of those who battle
for rebellion. None. 1 do not advocate the em-
ployment of those men because I deem it essential
to the establishment or to the maintenance of this
Government by the power of the white soldier.
Cut, sir, are wo to resort to no measure other than
in the last extreme, in aid of the cause of free-
dom against rebellion? Because the white Soldier
has the power, the patience, the endurance, and
the perseverance, by sacrifice, to conquer this re-
bellion, and because we believe in that, have we
no light to resoit to such measures as arc within
our reach for the purpose of shortening the strug-
gle, for the purpose of making more speedy and
moic certain the end of thisteniblc civil war? Is
there any one who would advocate the protraction
of this war while wo have within our reach a le-
gitimate power of shortening it ? Is it not the fust
duty which we owe to our country to make the war
as short and decisive as we can ? If there be any
element of power within our reach whiJi we can
control and bring in to thescrviccof loyalty against
rebellion, are wc not criminal in the eyes of our
fellow-cit.zens, and of the world, if we fail to
avail ourselves of it? Certainly there can be but
one opinion on this subject.
Now, then, I submit in all candor, and in all
fairness to my ft tends from the States where this
institution of slavery exists, whether, while there
is a power which they can wrest from the service
of rebellion and apply to the service of loyalty,
while the power to weaken the enemy and strength-
en ourselves is within our grasp, wc should hes-
itate to avail ourselves of that power in conse-
quence of any pieutdice? Now, sir, I believe
that that power is within ourrcacb,and 1 believe
it is our duty to avail ourselves of it.
But wc should so control our actions as not
to work countervailing evils, that miicht equal or
countei balance the g« od winch we seek to obtain.
The question i«s, can we do it? Sir, I would not
encroach on the constitutional right of a Kentuek-
lan or a Missoni lan. I would not encroach on the
constitutional right of any one. I would use no
power in the prosecution of this war, and the put-
ting down of this rebellion, that would destroy one
obligation of the citizen to the Constitution of his
country. But, in Heaven's name, will any one tell
me what constitutional obligation is violated, if a
class of men, deserted by their masters, and left on
our hands, aie employed against the enemies of t he
country, instead of being fed and pampered in idle-
ness ? Can any one answer me that? I am in favor
of em ploying these men ;and I tell you that, instead
of the white soldier complaining or being offended
at seeing the black man toil in the marshy ditch,
or on thesun-htafed battlements, or swabbing the
guns, he will be happy at seeing the black man per-
form such scrvice for him. Instead of the white
soldier endm mg the toil of carrying his own knap-
sack, nothing, 1 believe,will please him better than
to have an Aft iean i egiment, attached to a baggage
train, to eai'ry it for inm. Instead of the while sol-
dier making causeways and clearing the furests, in
oider that he and his battalion may mat eh through,
nothing will please iiini better than to sec an Afi ican
legiment of pionoeis go ahead and smooth the jj
road over which he is to mai eh. 1 n this and a thou- |!
sand other \v ays these men may be employed, ami |,
I would so shape the nuasurc as that they should I:
be employed pnniai ily in this work, and should be J j
engaged in what is regarded as stuctly military 'j
hoi vice only in sueh cases as where, in the judg-
ment of ihe commander, they ran be profitably i
employed ; and such eases will, as wc all know, oc-
casionally occur. There are times when the pio-
neets of an army, whose duty it is to go before,
building biidgcs, making roads, and toiling ni^ht
and do v  are required to peiform military service
m the field. It we impose these duties on black
men, ihere may be tunes when our troops are hard
pieced, and when it may be wisdom and policy
to employ these blacks in active mihtai y sei vice.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me lot a moment ?
Mr. DIVEN. Certainly.
P.11 - MAYNARD. 1 have hero a Nashville
paper of the 23d, giving an account of the man-
ner in u hieh that class of people are employed in
that neighboihood. I will loud an extract:
" The ncgioc* -pnkfMi of have been pieced into ^ervicp
to work oa the loinlic.itiou-,; Utey aie ^upoi intcnd'-d and
vigilantly eo:,ttolic(l In nnluaiy auiliouty ; kept tm-ajy at
woik; iccoivo tea doll:u*> per motnh :w w.i^e*5,and .uc ted
on Annv lation*, and notion? e!>e. Tliey aie clothed in
tiie plainest nt.mnn, a? all can ^ce lor theixwlvo wno will
notico them as thev turough ourbtreeto in going to and
returning fima tiioir daily task
There is no objection to their being employed
in that way.
Mr. DIVEN. Now, I put itto my friend from
Tennessee whether, if the army m connection with
which these men are employed, was sorely piessed
by the rebel enemy, and he could resist that pres-
sure by putting guns in the hands of these men,
he would hesitate so to employ them?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly 1 should hesi-
tate. If I concede the gentleman's premises, of
course I yield his conclusion. The objection is
that his premises aie all wrong.
Mr. DIVEN. Then, sir,! simply say that by
the amendment which I pioposc it is contem-
plated to employ black men thus primarily, and
their employment as an armed foice is only con-
templated in those cases where their immediate
commanders shall deem their employment essen-
tial to the service. J simply want to meet the
broad question that black men cannot be employed
in the object of crushing out this rebellion profit-
ably to the Government, without working evils
which more than equal thegood derived from their
employment.
Sir, there is no danger of these black men being
put on an equality wiih white men. i call espe-
cially the attention of the author of the biii to one
fact. I want to speak to hnn as one having some
experience and some knowledge of what the senti-
ment and feeling of the white soldier is. The men
whom 1 have tho honor to command possess a
higher degree of intelligence than the soldiers ord-
inarily in service. I believe they enlisted through
patriotic motives. They know that I introduced this
measuie. I have conversed, with great freedom,
with the soldier and with the officer. And while,
from the information thus gained, I would bear
my testimony against the policy of officering these
regiments with black men, and placing them on an
equality with whitcmen,I would, atthesame time,
say that I believe our soldiers would have no ob-
jection, officcis or privates, to the employment of
these men in tho manner which I have indicated,
even should they be called to fight side by side on
the ensanguined field, i think it might be a mis-
take to give them rank as commissioned officers.
There is no objection to their being sergeants and
corporals, but they should be prohibited from
holding higher rank, or else nothing will satisfy
their ambition short of the holding of a commis-
sion. if you make them eligible to hold commis-
sions, depend upon it, nothing else will satisfy
them; they will contend for them until they re-
ceive them. And when once you find shoulder
stiaps upon the coat of a negro, he is just as grand
as the white man who weat s the same badge. De-
pend upon it he will be offended if he does not
receive, in the quartets of the general in com-
mand, the same rcspcct, and is not put on an
equality with the white officer whom business
calk thither Now, I have the honor to be the col-
onel of a regiment, and to wear upon my shoulder
an eagle; a black regiment has a black colonel;
he bears the same badge, and has business which
calls him to the quartcis of the commanding gen-
eral of the brigade; he and 1 enter togcthei; ho
must be received with all the courtesy and defer-
ence to rank that is paid to me, or he will go off
dissatisfied and offended.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will read
iheonginal bill that I introduced, he will see that
it provides that no commissioned officer shall be
taken from the ranks of one of these colored regi-
ments.
Mr. DIVEN. I was aware of that, but I thought
it had been amended.
Mr. STEVENS. It was amended in deference
to the opinions of othcis. Such was the propo-
sition of the original bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill, as amended, how-
ever, necessarily implies that no black man can
ever become a commissioned officer.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that anybody
contemplates that these black men shall be made
commissioned officers.
Mr. DIVEN. So I infer from the reading of
the bill, but I wish to have it so framed as to pre-
vent the possibility of mischief growing out of
such a construction.
Now, then, I am satisfied that if my border
State fiiends, and my Democratic fiiends, and
my Republican fiiends, will lay aside every con-
sideration, except an honest desire to put down
this rebellion and reestablish this Union, and will
