THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas,
and to enroll the same in the service of the United States,
to be employed as teamsters, nurses, waiters, or otherwise
as non-combatants, or to be mustered into companies, regi-
ments. or other divisions, as to the President may seem
proper,to bp officered with officers ofthe regular Army, and
subjected to the discipline, rules, and regulations of the
Army of the United States, to be employed in trenches, gar-
rison, and other duty, in such localities as are deemed most
unhealthy to unacelimated white men.
Sec. 2. Anil be it further enacted, That the enlistment of
such negroes may be for three years, unless the war shall
sooner terminate, in which ca^it shall be during the war.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That in case any negro
enrolling himself shall have a wife or children, and shall
bring with him to the camps such wife and children, the
commanding officer may employ such wife or children, of
suitable age, for cooks, nuises, servants, or otherwise, as
fo such commanding officer may seem proper, and provide
such quarters, rations, and clothing, either in or out of the
camp, for such women and children, as may seem right and
proper to such commanding officer; but such women and
children shall at all times be subject to the rules and legu-
lations ofthe Army, and to the orders of the officer in com-
mand.
i5ec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the pay of every
negro so enrolled shall he the monthly pay of a private in
the regular Army of the United States, but an amount not
exceeding one half of such wages' may be applied to the sup-
port of children of such enrolled negro, when, in the opin-
ion of the officer in command, the services of the wife or
children of such negro do not amount to enough for their
necessary support.
Sec. 5. And he it further cnactcd, That at the expiration
of the term of service of any such negro, or upon his being
honorably discharged, the Government shall, in lieu of all
other bounty, pay the expense of the emigration of such
negro, and his wife and children, if any, to flay ti, Liberia,
or such negro government or colony as such negro may elect
to emigrate to, and shall provide m such government or
colony a home lor such negro, with six months1 support for
himself and family.
Sec. 6. Andbe'it further enacted, That if the slaves of
any person or persons who have been and continued loyal
to the Government of the United States thall be employed
and emigrated by the operation of this act, such loyal citi-
zen or citizen? shall be entitled to just ami reasonable com-
pensation foi his claim to the service or laboi of such slave.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, the
amendments proposed were ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no understanding,
then; and I give notice that to-morrow when I get
the floor, I shall call for the previous question.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, I could the bet-
ter afford to yield the floor as often as I have done,
because I intend that the remarks which I will
submit shall have, even with the oi her side of the
House, at least one merit, the merit of brevity.
At the last session (March 6,1862) 1 took occa-
sion to offer some remaiks upon the policy ofiais-
ing negro armies, and having thus put my views
upon the record, I shall not now inflict a repetition
of them upon the House.
Indeed, sir, this is a subject that rises above ar-
gument. The peculiar position of the negro in
this country is not a matter to be demonstrated and
explained by logical ratiocination. It is a matter
of sentiment; it is a matter of instinct and feeling
arising out of the relations between a superior and
an inferior race. Every American-boi n feels it
and knows it and understands it; and those of you
who would attribute it to prejudice acknowledge
the existence of this fueling just as much as those
who attribute it to natural causes.
When you attempt to disturb that natural rela-
tion of inferiority and subordination; when you
attempt to put the inferior race on an equality with
or, as some would do, above the superior race;
then for the first time begins that antagonism
which disturbs the harmonious relations which
may otherwise exist between them.
Now, 1 never heard anybody doubt the prop-
osition laid down by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Divkn] that th#  negro may be prop-
erly employed in many offices which may spare
the strength and contribute to the convenience of
ourgallant soldiers. But what you propose by
this bill is to withdraw them from those very
functions, and bring them together in military
array, and so to invest them with rank as that,
unless this bill is amended, a gallant lieutenant
- colonel, who may have served from the beginning
of this war, or for twenty years previous, shall
be subordinate, if he comes in contact with him,
to the negro colonel, who may be appointed the
day this bill goes into effect. Sir, there is no
statesmanship in the legislation that thus ignores
the sentiments, or, if you please, the deep-rooted
prejudices of a whole nation. Our armies may
well And employment for some negro servants
and camp followers, if tiiey are not so numeroQs
as to be a clog or a burden; but I have yet to
learn thatany considerable number of our soldiers
desire to share their military functions with ne-
groes.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not particularly in that
connection that I wish now to discuss tins subject.
I desire to look at this project to raise a negro
army for a longer period of enlistment than is now
provided for soldiers of the white army in an-
other connection. I desire to consider it in its re-
lations to public liberty. We all know the aver-
sion to standing armies which we have inherited
from our British ancestors. That aversion has
been somewhat mitigated in this country by the
belief that our armies of volunteers, composed of
citizens who have laid aside that character for a
brief period only, can never be employed to over-
throw that civil liberty to the enjoyment of which
they expect very speedily to return. But the dis-
position which has appeared in so many instances
of late to deprive citizens of those guarantees of
liberty and justice which belong alike to the in-
nocent and the guilty; the attempt to infringe the
civil liberty of the citizen throughout all the land
under the licentious plea of military necessity,
where, in fact, there is none, calls upon us to look
narrowly to all projects for the organization of a
force of this peculiar character.
I have a letter in my pocket which I received
day before yesterday, in which a friend informs
me that his relative, a man in civil life, has for
three months been held in confinement by military
authority, and that neither he nor his family have
any knowledge of what offense he is accused. In
my own district, just before the last election, a
gentleman of high standing and character, a house-
holder, a father of a family, having as much stake
in the security of the Government as any man,
Mr. Ingersoll, wasarrestod by the military power
because the sentiments he expressed in a speech
at a public meeting did not suit the taste of a
young lieutenantof volunteers, who was dignified
with the title of " provost marshal of Philadel-
phia !"
And the papers of to-day and yesterday make
known to the country the cxcitement which now
exists in my city because the proprietor of a jour-
nal has been seized and kidnapped, and it sup
pressed by soldiers under, I suppose, the same
authority.
Now, sir, these instances of military usurpation
committed where the due course of justice has
never been otheiwise disturbed, are, in my judg-
ment, nothing else but grows nets of illegal \ mlcnce
which a citizen has a right to resist with that law-
ful force with which he may repel the burglar,
the highway robber, or any other aggressor upon
his rights.
When you come to consider this project of rais-
ing a standing army not of American citizens,
cherishing the rights which are their birthright in
that character, but an army of negroes and slaves,
I say every man who considers that dispassion-
ately may perhaps find reason to dread that while
they may avail vt-iy little as an organized army
against the South, they may prove fit instruments
of tyranny at the North. Your black janizaries,
your negro army, may, perhaps, prove an inven-
tion which may return to plague tiie inventors. I
know it is the cant of the day to call the negro the
Union man of the South. Sir, I piesnme lie knows
little and cares little for the Government whose
privileges were nevei meant for him. They were
meant for white men. Such was our decision m
Pennsylvania long ago. We framed our Consti-
tution to meet that construction. Such has been
tho construction of the com ts ofthe United States
with, 1 believe, little even of dictum to the con-
trary, except what may he found ma lately pub-
lished opinion of the Attorney General. And it
is one of tiie icmaikable features of the times that
the Attorney General of to-day finds it a part of
the function of his office not to advise the Execu-
tive what the law is, but to make law to suit the
occasion.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wads-
worth,] who addressed the House to-day with
his usual eloquence, showed the inhumanity of
clothing tho negro with the military character for
the purpose of pressing him upon the cruelty of
the infuriated white man of the South, which, it
is boasted here, we will rival by a no less fero-
cious retaliation, to which our own soldiers may
be in turn exposed. Now, sir, I do not intend
to vote to complicate this civil war by making it
a war of races. If you do so, you will paint the
bloodiest picture in the book of time, and which
our children will be ashamed to look upon. It
will not be like the picture which adorns our
staircase here, which a gentleman lately criticised
on this floor in a way that showed, I think, that
itsimpoit had escaped him. That picture, sir,
is the great historical picture of this perverse and
stiff-necked generation. Go and look at it. You
will see old age and youth, fathers, mothers, sons,
and daughters, going out to people the desert, and
plant new commonwealths in the wilderness. But
what is the principal figure in that picture? A
negro! With artistic skill the able artist has
made in that picture the central figure a negro,
yet subordinate, humble, natural in h's whole,
position; but yet'there he is, the central figure,
That picture represents, to my eye, the attempt
to introduce slavery into the Territories, from
which your Republican party boasts it saved the
country ! That picture of peace, prosperity, and
contentment represents that great question in its
true importance.
Paintacompanion picture—if thisimpoverished
Government ever gets money enough to pay for
one—paint, and dip your brush in blood, the re-
sults of that infernal negro policy which gentle-
men rise up here and boast of, as what they have
given to us in the place of that peaceful Union
which we once enjoyed.
Sir, the Piesident has warned us that the hum-
blest in this Congress will have to answer to pos-
terity for our acts. Sir, 1 have little expectation
of standing long before that tribunal; but as I ex-
pect to stand before the higher one before which
all mortals shall appear, I would not for all the
political honors this divided country could bestow
recall one vote or change one expression, at least
in substance, by which my steady, uniform op-
position to this frantic negro policy has been ex-
pressed from the hour I fust turned my attention
to the peiformancc of the functions to which my
constituents called me. Sir, we might have waged
this war upon the sure old principle—divide and
conquer. Never was there a fairer chance for it
than with the southern people <£ precipitated into
a revolution," as one of their intriguers said. But
we have played into their hands. With this ne-
gro policy we have united the South and divided
the North. Fanaticism, reaching to an insanity
that is commonly put in asylums, has with ua
taken the direction of affairs, and its last mad
freak is the bill before us.
Mr. CO&. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to
take up the time of the House very long, nor for
the purpose of making, as gentlemen phrase it, a
u set speech." I want to call the attention of the
House, and especially of the present occupant of
the chair, [Mr. Mc'Pherson,] to the remarks,
made by him m refeience to the employment of
negroes m the Revolutionary war. I regret, sir,
that you have been elevated to the chair at this in-
opportune time, but I have no doubt thatyoucan
retire with grace,to repel any thing that I may say
that is either untrue in history, or that involves
a false inference. If I understand you, sir, you
argue that there was a settled policy in revolu-
tionary times for the reception of negroes into
our service. That is not correct. A careful
reading of history will show it. [Mr. McPher-
son here left the chair, calling Mr. Sheffield
thereto.] I am perfectly willing, Mr. Speaker,
to agree with the gentleman, that negroes were
hene and there used in the Revolution. There
were a number of instances where there were
some employed—not in regiments or brigades, as
is claimed here; but many blacks, and, perhaps,
several companies of negroes were used in various
States during the Revolution. The most con-
spicuous instance was that of Rhode Island. She
called over three hundred at one time, when there
was an overpowering necesssity for every man
in that little colony to be raised; but, sir, these
were sporadic cases, here and there a negro; here
and there, and but rarely, a company. There
was no system of colonial policy by which black
men were organized into our revolutionary army.
There were some black men in the army in de-
spite of law and orders against it; some who were
enlisted when there was no law on the subject,
and in a few cases there were black men enlisted
under the law of certain of the colonies; but 1 be-
lieve all this was done under the protest of the
Continental Congress.
Mr. McPHEItSON. I do not wish to interrupt
