1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
the gentleman; but I shall be very glad to have a
few minutes, after he lias finished his speech, to
give my version of the facts of the case.
Mr. ALDR1CH, (in his seat.) The gentleman
from Ohio will please furnish us with the protest.
Mr. COX. I will furnish the proof directly.
The only authentic return, which research can
discover, of negroes employed in the Revolution,
is one made on the 24th of August, 1778, on the
call of the Continental Congress, and the whole
number of negroes present in the Army then, of
all conditions and grades of service, was seven
hundred and fifty-five, of which five hundred and
eighty-six were reported as present. I know not
how they were used particularly; hut doubtless
they were used as servants, or boot-blacks, or
teamsteis, or private soldiers. If the gentleman
has anything more authentic, 1 would like to
see it.
But, as I see my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] listening with some interest to this
matter, I will call attention to the revolutionary
policy of Massachusetts on this subject. The
Governor of that State has gone home with a carte
blanche in his pocket to raise negro soldiers, if 1
may use that term, carte blanche, with reference
to this black business.
Mr. ALDRICH, (m his seat.) Carte black.
Mr. COX. Yes, very black. I know it is the
supposition among persons who do not under-
stand the meaning of this matter, that the object
of Governor Andrew is to raise all the negroes he
can and ship them out of his State. I know he
refused to have other negroes come into his State
from the South. Now, sir, Massachusetts has a
very peculiar iccord in reference to this matter of
negroes in the Revolution.
Mr. ALDRICH here made some remark which
did not jeach the reporters.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman's remark was made
in order I might reply to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as early as 1774 this sub-
ject was so talked about as to be brought to the
notice of the Continental Congress. It was talked
about by some of the humanitarians of that day.
They wanted to use the negroes, not mo much for
the purpose of defending colonial independence,
as for the purpose of fighting for negro liberty.
There were men then not unlike the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Loyejoy.] Yesterday, when
trying to disguise the fact that ho was foi waging
tins war for negro liberty, before h<- got through
the paragraph, he confessed the whole truth by
saying:
£*' But,' say gentlemen,k you want to do away with
slavery.' Certainly. 'Why?' Becaus-e in Hippreh-ins; the
rebellion am) preserving the Union it i- neee^.try a
moan-, and not as an end ; although God knovvv the means
are ju-«t <meh means as I doirc to be used. YV e gain a
double object. That I nevei ik-iiv."'
"A double object," is it? I think, sir, that the
dominant portion of the party on the other side
have had a double object from the beginning. A
double object in this matter means duplicity- At
the extra session of this Congress, on the 22d of
July, 18G1, they voted for one particular line of
policy upon which this war was to be conducted.
They then seemed to have a single object; but
since that time they have perverted, or, if you
please, doubled that object. This bill is of a piece
with their whole policy. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
what I think is now the general senument of the
people, that that policy has a hidden object; and
this bill, as a part of it, is intended to make this
Union utteily impossible. There is no union in
a bill of this chaiacter.
Mr. ALDRICH, (m his seat.) Oh, no.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Minnesota
wants to make any remarks he had bettei get up
and make them. He is making himself supremely
ridiculous by sitting tlu're and gossiping away.
Mr. ALDRICH. Oh, no.
Mr. COX. I have never troubled him in that
way when he has been upon the floor.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman will
pardon me.
Mr. COX. Well, I will, if you will now take
your seat and keep quiet. You have not treated
me with proper respect since I rose.
Mr. ALDRICH. If the gentleman chooses to
attack me, he will yield for an explanation, I sup-
pose.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I do not yield. The gen-
tleman has sat there sneering and laughing at my
remarks from the beginning. I have a right to
talk here without such interruption.
I say that I believe the object of gentlemen in
forcing this bill here is to bring about, or rather
make final and forever, a dissolution of the Union.
This is our justification for the extraordinary pro-
ceedings the other night, when we were determ-
ined to use all the means which the laws of this
House gave, to prevent the passage of a law like
this, which is aimed at the national life. 1
The gentlemen from the border States here, gen-
tlemen from Kentucky and Ohio—for there are
two sides to the border—understand very well the
hidden meaning and certain effect of this bill. Ev-
ery man along the border will tell you that the
Union is forever rendered hopeless if you pursue
this policy of taking the slaves from their masters
and arm them in this civil strife. It will only
keep alive and aggravate this alienation of sections,
which had Us beginning m hate, and would have
its end in vengeance, i stated, as my reason for
the parti took in the proceedings of our eighteen
hours' session, that this hill was a part of the plot
to drive the border slave States out of the Union,
or to place them in such hostility to the Govern-
ment as to hurl our armies at their throats and
strangle their political life. I have been confirmed
in my belief by the statements of the eloquent mem-
bers from Kentucky, as well as by tiie course of
the discussion on the other side.
But, sir, the interruptions 1 have met with from
gentlemen in their seats have led me from the only
object I had in rising.
There is no analogy, as I was proceeding to
show, between the use of negro soldiers in the
Revolution and their use in the present time.
Why? Because, in the Revolution, negroes were
used—when used at all, and that very rarely—on
the side of their loyal masters, and with their full
consent. They stood by their side to defend colo-
nial independence, not to sti ike for their own free-
dom. They wete not then sought to be reduced
to fiends, to bring about San Domingo insurrec-
tion. They were used to defend ourown policy,
our own Government. No social system was
then sought to be nptorn. No labor system was
then to be destroyed. When such objects were
hinted, prompt protest was entered against them.
I was about to proceed to that when the unseemly
interruption which I encountered from the gentle-
man from Minnesota occurred. This matter wan
brought before the Continental Congress in Octo-
ber, 1774, in a formal suggestion of" the propriety
that, while we are attempting to free ouiselvcs
from our present embarrassments and preserve
ouiselves from slavery, we also ought to take into
consideration the state of circumstances of the
negro slaves in this Province." A motion was
made in the Congress for a committee to take the
subject into consideration. This produced some
debate. When the question was put, 4t whether
the matter should now subsideit passed. The
matter subsided.
In May, J775, there was a committee of safety,
upon which were Hancock, Warren, and others, j
who considered this matter, and with the purest jj
patriotism embodied their judgment in the follow- ij
mg resolution: jj
That it N the opinion of the committee, a<? the content i]
now b< tween Great liritain and the Colonies re*-peet< the :[
liberties and pi mb-ye-. of the hitter, which the t'oionie-, arc j I
determined to mnmiain, that the admission of any persona j|
as ^>!dieis into the army, only Mteh a-, are freemen, is in - j'
consistent with the ptiiieiples to be supported. and would
i cflrct dishonor on this C.olontf; and thai «o slavd* be ad- !j
milted into the airiiyon <uiy consulcration whatever-" jj
Has Massachusetts progressed or degenerated !|
since that significant resolve ? ;!
This resolution was communicated to the Pro-
vinci al Congress on the Gi h of June, 1775. It was : j
read and tabled, because the Piovmcml Congress j
would not even consider the proposition for or- !;
ganizmg and arming a servile race in the war of i
Independence. *
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McPhersok] quotes the groat name ofWashing- ;j
ton to sustain this bill ofabomination. Lotus con- i
suit then nth of history. Washington took com- ,j
maud of the army on the 3d of January, 1775; and ■}
m regular msliuetions to the recruiting officers in
Massachusetts, issued from his headquarters at ;
Cambridge, on the 10th of July, he prohibited the M
enrollment of any "negro" in the army. The \
same action was taken in subsequent periods of'!
the revolutionary history. At a council of war,
held at Washington's headquarters on the 8th,
of October, 1775, where Washington was pres-
ent, with Generals Lee, Putnam* Heath, Gates,
Greene, and others, the question was proposed,
" whether it was advisable to enlistany negroes in
the new army; and if so, whether there should be
any distinction between such as are slaves and
those who aie free." It was agreed unanimously,
says the historian, to reject all slaves, and, by a
great majority, to reject negroes altogether. Will
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McPiier-
son] bring any authority to show that Washington
ever reconsidered that determination? I know that
afterwards, on one occasion, in the case of certain
negroes who had been in the army, and had served
in some situations,and served faithfully by the side
of their friends and masteis, and whose reenlist-
ment was urgently desired, he did make an ex-
ception; but his general and fixed policy, as well
as that of the Congress, was against the use
of negroes in the military service. Gentlemen
have been led into their historical mistakes on
this subject by finding such exceptional cases,
and exaggerating them in the fog of their own
fancies. So, in the present war, black soldiers
have been used in Louisiana, it is said, by Gov-
ernor Moore, on the rebel side; and there may
have been a few employed on the Chickahominy,
who may have shot some of our soldiers there.
And gentlemen have rashly inferred from this that
there is a general system of organizing negroes
for soldiers in the confederate army.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he can speak as to the correctness
or falsity of the statement which I see in the news-
papers, that it has been decided by the war de-
partment at Richmond thatany person in the rebel
States having any white blood in his veins is
looked upon as liable to conscription, thus revok-
ing the rule of law and practice, with the evident
purpose of drawing mulattoes of every hue into
the military service?
Mr. COX. If that is the case, they have, since
this war began, reversed entirely the status of the
Aii ican descendants. I have no knowledge of any
such decision as that referred to by the gentleman.
Certainly I would not predicate legislation here,
on any such decision, even if it was more than
mmor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to state a fact? When the army
under Geneinl Braeg left the town where I live,
at the approach of Buell, last September, some sick
officers were left behind. I conversed with them,
because I had heard it stated that the rebels were
employing the slaves in the army, and I was as-
sured by them—and they were gentlemen although
they were rebels—that the statement was untrue,
that there was not a single negro employed as a
soldier in their army, though there were negroes
in it employed as servants and waiters. I state
this on their authority, and I believe they told the
truth.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. McPhersost] does not give any authority
for his statement, except that he has seen it in
the newspapers.
Mr. McPHERSON. I do not assert that fact,
but there are other facts which I may assert in the
discussion. I do not know what the authority is
for that statement.
Mr. COX. I do not generally act myself on
these inofficial assertions. When an order to that
effect is issued from the confederate government
it will be time enough to consider what our action
shall be, by way of retaliation.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 understood that the
order had been issued.
Mr. COX. But, Mr. Speaker, there is this diffi-
culty in beginning thissystem of negro enlistment.
It has, no doubt, occurred to many gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber. It is this: if we
employ negroes as soldiers, and they arc not cm- -
ployed on the rebel side, our negro soldiers, if
captured by the enemy, will be turned over to the
States South for punishment, not according to
the military code, but according to the laws of
those States. Thus we would place the negroes
in great peril perhaps of life, without having any
means on our part adequately to redress their
wiongy.
Moieover, the confederate States, if they have
not begun this business of enlisting colored men,
will not treat our black soldiers as the equals of
