mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January.31.
vote-to make him Paymaster General. lie is
really the live man of that office/ Of course, \vc
have here no authority to promote him; but he is
essential in that office, and he gives his services
in hours and out of hours to the soldier, without
reference to rank or condition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mems. Anthony, Arnold, Cowan, Doolittlo,
Foot, Harding, Kins, Lane ot Indiana, Latham. Ncsmlth,
Pomeroy, Powell. It-ehniddon, Snulsbury, and Wade—13.
NAYri—Messrs. Cai hie. Chandler. CHarU, Davis, Di\un,
Fessendon, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Kennedy,
Laneot Kansas, Mol)ou«al!, Morrill, Rice, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wtlley, WiUon of Massachusetts, and Wil-
son of Missouri—21,
So the bill was rejected.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire now to take up
one of the appropriation bills. 1 move that prior
orders be postponed to take up the diplomatic and
consular bill, and finish it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. It. No.
649) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1864, the pending question
oeing on the motion of Mr. Chandler, to sti ike
out" Bolivia" from the list of missions for which
appropriations are made.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill was laid overin order
to give me an opportunity of communicating with
the Department of State on that question. 1 have
had that com municat ion, and the conclusion which
I have arrived at, after conference with the Secre-
tary of State, and also with Mr. Hanter, the chief
clerk, is that while perhaps at this moment the mis-
sion to Bolivia is not necessary, it would haidly be
prudent for us to stiike out thy phrase-, in short,
that it would be better to leave it there, so that if in
the opinion of the Administration at any time
within the year it should be deemed expedient to
send a minister there, one might be sent. I have
no positive opinion upon it myself beyond what
was stated to me at the Depaitment, but upon the
■whole I am inclined to think tnat the word had
better not be interfered with.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
withdrawn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in after the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, respecting the consulate at
Guayanms:
Provided, Thru the amount due to the late consul at
Guayamas, William L. Baker, lie paid it) Ins widow.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is thm difficulty: if
this money is for past services, of eoui so the Uni-
ted Stales must pay it, and pay it to the adminis-
trate*. This might involve a double payment. If
the money 1.3 due for prist services it is due to the
administrator of the estate.
Mr. ANTHONY. These amendments are put
into bills every day. It is not due until we pass it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I htive no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The money is not due
unless this law gives it, and in giving it we can
provide to whom it shall go.
Mr. SHERMAN. Vciy weU.
The amendment was ygieul to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a thnti time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE VUOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieiudgf,, its Clerk, announced that the
House ot Representatives b j dagiwd to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bid (H. R. No. 61(5)
makingappropi lations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for th*
year ending the 30th of June, 1864.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED,
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an !
enrolled bill (EI. R. No. 40;*) to provide^for the
payment of expenses inclined by the marshal of:
Boston for repairs to the United States court- ;
house; and it thereupon received the signature of '
the Vice Piesident. ;
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL. j
On the motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to 1
consider the bill (H. R. No. 635) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 38G4.
Mr. SHERMAN. Docs the Senator from
Maine want tin: bill read ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is customary
to read the appropisation bills through.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. At
the expiration of five minutes—
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further
reading of the bill be dispensed with, and that we
proceed to consider the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think so important a bill
as this ought to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be read by sections.
Mr. TRUMRULL. We do not act 011 it by
sections, it will never be read at all if it is not
read now. I know that very little attention is
paid to these bills; but when so important a bill
as a general appropriation bill is passing, it seems
to me it ought to he read.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggest that it be read,
as we go through it, by sections; in that way the
whole bill will be read but once, and the amend-
ments of the committee can be acted on as the
clauses to which they relate are read. That will
save a great deal of time. This first reading is
never listened to by anybody.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want but one
reading, but it ought to be read once at some time
or other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I looked all around the Sen-
ate, and I did not see any one attending to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us go back and take
up the first amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Powfll
in the chair.) The leading has been suspended
by the order of the Senate, and it will requiie a
reconsideration of that order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, in order to facil-
itate the matter, that the bill he sead over, and
whenever the Secretary comes to an amendment
it be acted on as we pass along, without a second
reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
the order unless theie is objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us go back, then, and
act on the amendments to that part of the bill
which has been lend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
the order of business.
The first amendment reported by the committee
was in line ton of the bill, after the appropi iation
foi compensation and mneageof Senators,to strike
out the following proviso:
J'roi That, until further legislation, no put of tins
npj)io[)i 1.1!ion Mull lie* paid lot mile;^ of ioen.itoi > and
UquoM-mrifive-* If voihI the stun 01 tci, eout^ pei mile each
w.iv. and the diMance t-liali be computed according to e.\-
ir(m^ iaw'j.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I should
like to have the yeas and nays. I do not intend
to discuss it.
The yf-as and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say that if
this proviso bestucken out, the mileage will stand
aw it )«. li the psoviso be retained, as a matter
ofenuse tin: mileage will be reduced to one fourth
what it ihuv is. It is a matter which every one
understands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ( will simply sny that
the Committee on Finance thought almost unan-
imously that it was better not to interfere with
the mileage at the present time. It is a matter
that always makus discussion when it is pro-
posed. For my own part, I am perfectly willing
to s'ty that I have always consulted the mileage
as being merely nominally culled mileage, but aa
being m reality a part of the compensation of
members. I think that in some cases the mileage
amounts to too much, and that perhaps it would
be well to reduce it after arriving at :i certain point.
At the present time, however, all of us know that
our expenses here are a good deal larger than
usual, as I have said before in reference to rais-
ing s^lai ics, and a considerable amount is paid
by way of contribution to the public fun.ds, and
every Scnatoi and Representative, owing to the
great number of soldiers about here, is exposed
to a much larger degree of expense than usual.
The committee thought that, under such circum-
stances, it would be unjust to the members of
Congress to act upon the subject in this way in
an appropriation bill. I am "tired of heating it
ventilated at every session of Congress. This and
the question of the franking privilege are abund-
ant and fruitful sources of declamation at every
session of Congi ess. I do not think myself any
capital can be made out of such questions, unci
that we had better leave them as they u e. My
own impiession is that the mcmbci s of Congress
arc as poorly paid as any other set of men, and
that all the capital which can be made out of con-
tinual movements to cut down the mileage does
not amount to a gieat deal anyhow. 1 hope the
amendment of the committee will be sustained.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Cailile, Colimner,
Davi^, Dixon, Doolittl0, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
flfiiding, XlatiH, Henderson, Flicks, Kennedy, Lane of
Kansas Latham. McDougaH, Ne^mith, Pomeroy, Powell,
luce, Riehaidson, Saul-buiy, Sumner, Trumbuil, Turpie,
Wall, and Wilson of Mismhih—LO.
NAYS—Mes.* Cliandlei, Ghuh'c, King, Lane of In-
diana, Sherman, Wad", and Wilson of Massachusetts—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-four,
to increase the appropiiation to the contingent
fund of the Senate, " for clciks to committees,
pages, horses, and carryalls, from $15,500 to
$39,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-nine, to
sti ike out " thirty'5 and insert'' twenty," so as to
make the appropiiation to the Senate contingent
fund, " for miscellaneous item's $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eighty-six
and eighty-seven, to inscit in the clause making
appropriations for officers receiving an annual
salary 111 the service of the House of Representa-
tives, " clerk to the Committee on Public Lands,
$1,800."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
fill he reached the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was in fine one hundred
and ninety-seven, to stiike out "eight" and in-
sert " seven," so as-to appropriate " $57,8011,"
instead of u §58,800 " flu* compensation of the
Secretary and Assistant Secretary of State, and
clerks, messengers, and laboiers in that Depart-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I wnnt to aslc the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if the appropriation for tho
Globe which has been rend is prospective and to
carry out an existing con'iact? 1 think that it
ought to be dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that?
j Mr. HALE. I think it is bad policy to pay
j $7 50 a column.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a dif-
j fetent amendment; we have passed over thatpor-
: tion of tho bill to which the Senator from New
J Hampshire allude s.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain the pend-
ing amendment. An additional section of the bill
piovides for laismg the salary of the Assistant
Secretary of State. The committee struck that
out, and that lessens the sum of this appropria-
tion $1,000. On this amendment you arc, in fact,
\ oting to disagi ee with that provision; that is, not
to assent to the raising of the salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
until ho reached the next amendment, which wa 
to strike out in line two hundred and one, "and
in newspapers of the States and Territories and
in the city of Washington, seventeen," and insert
44 four," so that the clause will read, " for pub-
lishing the laws in pamphlet form, #4,125."
Mr. TRUMI1ULL. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. It is a saving to the Treas-
ury of $13,000, I believe; but it strikes out tho
publication of the laws of the United States in the
newspapers of the dnTercnt States. It does seem
to me that they ought to be published. The laws
of the United States are not generally circulated.
I know it may be said that they aie not generally
lead m the newspapers; they are often published
iu newspapers of very little circulation; yet the
publication of them, even m that imperfect way,
seems to me to be required. The saving of ex-
pense is not a large one, only $13,000 a year. I
think that the acts of Congress, and particulaily
