THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Shssion:.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1863.
New Series No. 41.
in a time like this, ought to bo published in the
newspapers of the country. I have a great many
calls from my State for copies of particular acts
of Congress. We published a large extra num-
ber of the acts of last session for distribution m
order to supply this demand; but that has not or-
dinanly been done; and probably the expense of
it was greater than jt would be to publish them in
the newspapers. That affords everybody an op-
portunity to see them, so that you can always
find in any of the States of the Union, without
much difficulty, a publication of the laws in the
newspapers, and they are received at a much ear-
lier day. The laws are published in the newspa-
pers as they pass, while if you wait for the pam-
phlet edition to be published it wiil be sonic time
after the adjournment of Congress before they are
distributed. I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I understand, the laws
are only published m two papers in each State. I
think all the compensation the newspapers got for
publishing them is but $175 apicce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One hundred and eighty
dollars, I believe.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is very slight compen-
sation to the newspapers. So far as they are con-
cerned , they make no money out of it; but it is a
real convenience to the people of the States that
the laws should be published in at least two news-
papers of each State, I think. I am decidedly
opposed to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little some-
thing to be said on both sides with reference to
this question. My own judgment coincides with
that of the Senator from Illinois, it is true that
the laws are not usually published in newspapers
of the largest circulation; because newspapers of
large circulation and doing a large business, hav-
ing a good deal of advertising, thinlc, as a gen-
eial ruie, it is not worth while to do it. It does
not pay them. It really does not pay for the ex-
clusion of other matt et* which they consider of more
consequence and which pays better. That leads
to the fact that the laws are very often published
in newspapeis of more limited circulation and
limited business, but yet which wish to live; and
then very frequently other newspapers, when they
have an oppoitunity to publish them, copy the
most important acts and publish them without
charge for the mere purpose of affording informa-
tion to their readers. That is one side of the ques-
tion, that they are published in that way.
1 think the publication is of importance to the
community. They are of more particular im-
portance to those classes of the community who
nave need to refer to the laws of the United States.
They aie of importance to the lawyers, a pretty
numerous class in the United States, and to per-
sons who hold offices undei the Government, and
who have occasion to consult them frequently;
and the pamphlet edition comes so late, that, if
they are obliged to wait for that, they would be
left entirely without any means of reference, un-
less they wrote to the Departments here. They
might do that; but it^vould imposea very heavy
buiden on the Departments to send copies of the
laws to all who might coll tor them. I think that
we should lose more than we save tn additional
clerk hire for that purpose. There is one other
way to do it; and that is, for us to publish a very
large edition every year of these laws ourselves;
and that, I suppose, will he the result. It has
not been usual to do that, although it was done
in one instance. The burden of that will of course
be thrown on theTieasury. I do not know how
much that will amount to; and besides, there
would then be an additional burden thrown on
members of Congress.
My own opinion is, as the sum is so small, that
nothing will be saved by striking it out, and if is
as wclfto let it remain in. The Committee on Fi-
nance, however, thought that it should be stricken
out. We had no sort of feeling about it. The
Senate can do as it sees advisable. I hope no-
body will call for the yeas and nays, at. any rate,
until we get into the Senate.
Mr LANE, of Kansas. At present pub-
41
lish the laws in two newspapers in each State; do
I understand that the proposition is to dispense
with that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We cannot do with-
out it, so far as we are concerned. I do not know
how our people could get on without the publica-
tion of the laws. 1 hope that it will not be done.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
until he reached the next amendment, which was
in the appropriation for contingent expenses of
the Second Comptroller's office, in line two hun-
dred and ninety-six, to strike out the words " Na-
tional Intelligencer," and insert, " one city news-
paper;" so as to make the clause read:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, and subscription to one city newspaper, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and one, to strike out" the National Intelligencer,"
and insert "one city newspaper," in the appro-
priations for the First Auditor's office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
until he reached the following clausc among the
appropriations for the General Land Office:
For nu'l, iisilit*, and incidental expense attending the
same, including pay of lmnacc keepm, £*i,f>()U.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to that clause,
I am instructed by the committee to move an
amendment to strike out the word " two" and in-
sert " four;" and to stnke out " five hundred," so
as to read " $4,000." That was the original esti-
mate; the House of Representatives struck it down
to $2,501), but we became satisfied, by a communi-
cation received from the Secretary of the Intenor,
thai it was too low, and that it is best to appro-
priate the sum asked for, $4,000.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in line four hundred
and twelve, to strike out the following clause:
For compc nation of the f-ui voyor general of Illinois and
Missoini, ,000.
Mr. liARLAN. I inquire why that is to be
stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. because it has nothing to
do there
Mr. HARLAN. It always has been in this
bill, hut Congress at the last session failed to ap-
propriate the money for the last year, reaching, I
think, to January this year. The office was dis-
continued by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, as I understand, on the 1st of this
month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is an appropriation
for next year, beginning next July.
Mi. HARLAN. It is light, then, to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
Forcompens>ntion 01 tin* survo\or general of Wisconsin
ami Iowa, and the clerks in lusoinec, "$3,700.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire the leason for this
amendment •
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same reason as for
the other.
Mr. HARLAN. The office at Dubuque is still
in existence, and cannot be discontinued under
another year. The Committee on Public Lands
|( have looked over this subject as far as they could,
'j and thev do not think it can he discontinued*. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office says if
j| cannot be discominuod without vei y gi eat mcon-
venience to the public,and detriment to the public
!• interests. The result will be that we shall be eom-
| polled to make the appropriation at the next ses-
[ sion of Congress as a deficiency. I hope, there-
• fore, that this amendment will not be agreed to.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. Some three years ago 1
moved to strike our the appiopiiations for the, con-
' tinuance of this office, as the whole business was
j about finished there at that^ime. The honmablc
■ I Senator himself appealed to me, and said that if
,! we would |pt it remain one veer longer, he would
consent that it should be wound up in that time.
He said it was true there was but little business,
but it was necessary to remain a year to wind it
up. It has been going on just so ever since, and
so it will go to eternity unless we strikesomewhere.
It will always be said " it is necessary to keep it
up; itis impossible to dispense with it." 1 believe
it will be just as impossible five years hence as
it is to-day.
Mr. HARLAN. What the chairman of the
Committee on Finance says in relation to my
agreement,! think is true. At that time 1 was not
so familiar with the business of this department
as I now am. Since then the Senate, in its wis-
dom or its folly, has made me chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands; and in discharging
the duties connected with that position I have at-
tempted to make myself familiar with that branch
of the public service, and I am satisfied that the
public interest will suffer by discontinuing this
office at this time. 1 think it is probable that wo
have more surveyor generals' offices than we need,
and I should be willing to enter on some general
system to reduce the number; and I have called
the attention of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to 'that subject, both privately and
through the Senate. I think it is the disposition of
the Interior Department to reduce the expensesin
that direction as soon as it can be done. This,
however, is one of the old offices. The records ,
of the surveys of the General Land Office first held
at Cincinnati are now held at Dubuque. They ■
have been transferred from Territory to Terri-
tory until they have finally lodged there. There
is a large amount of public records in that office;
and the suivoyor general soys, and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office indorses the
opinion, that it will be utterly impossible to put
these papers in a condition to transfer them to the
States interested, or to other surveyor generals'
offices, in less than another year. The expenses
of transfcrung these books and papers would be
almost as much as is contained in this appropria-
tion. They are hastening to wind up the business
in that surveyor general's office. The surveys in
Iowa are completed. There arc about one hun-
dred townships to subdivide in Wisconsin, I un-
derstand; and when those surveysare completed,
as it is expected they will be during the coming
year, or very nearly so, it is the purpose of the
Department to wind up the office and transfer the
books to the States that are interested, including
several of the States of the Northwest, Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
I do not think that this amendment ought to b©
adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. When I took my place here
in the Senate, I thought, from what I had known
of the condition of the surveyor general's office
in Wisconsin and Iowa, that it might be discon-
tinued in ayear or two from that time; or rather,
that it might be removed from Dubuque, and con-
solidated with some other office, without any detri-
ment to the public interest. Since that time I have
attempted to inform myself on the subject; and I
concur with my colleague in the opinion which
he has expressed, that it would not be advisable
at tin's time. I can assure the Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, that
j my colleague and myself are just as anxious that
this offiee should be abolished, whenever it can
be consistently done, as he is. I know that my
colleague, in recommending a person for this
place, told him that he was determined to have
the office abolished, 1 think within fifteen or eigh-
teen months fiom that time; thai he thought it
might be done: and that he was going to insist
upon the Department expeditingthe business so
that it could be done. I am satisfied that he is
ucLng in good faith, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in order to accomplish
that result; but it is inexpedient to abolish it now,
I am convinced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not attempt to set
up my own individual judgment against that of
the honorable Senator who is chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands. 1 have great faith
