642
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 31.
in his knowledge on this question, and entire con-
fidence in the integrity of all he says. I can only
say that the Committee on Finance were of opin-
ion from what knowledge they had, and from the
repeated efforts to abolish this office, that it was
time to strike it out. If the Senate should think
otherwise on what they have heard from the Sen-
ator from Iowa, we shall be content. Of course
we do not want to strike it out if it is necessary
to keep it in.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
Fortho collection and compiling of agricultural Matistics,
and the procurement, propagation, ami di>tnbution of the
most improved vanities of giap^'and by hybridization to
originate and develop tho->e characteristics necessary to
encourage the pioduetson of wiue m the United Slates, and
for the distribution of cuttings, plants, seed?, and ceieals
Of new and uselul Vaiieties, l)oth foreign and dome.«>tie,and
for the introduction and protection of insectivorous birds,
and for Investigation* to test the practicability ot cultiva-
ting and preparing flax and hemp as a substitute lor cotton,
and foi the encouragement of the agtioultuval and iutal in-
terests of all parts-ot the Union, and tor securing an efficient
cleiical corps, chemist, botanist, entomologist, ornitholo-
gist, and other peisons skilled in the natural sciences pei-
taiuing to agriculture, laborers, and for the purpose of es-
tablishing a laboratory, with the necessary apparatus for
practical and scientific experiments in agucultuia! cliem-
Utry, $130,000 : Provided, That tin: pay of clnks, messen-
gers, and laborers shall not exceed the sum allowed to sim-
ilar employes in the Departments.
And in lieu of it to insert:
For the salary of the Commissioner of Agiiculture,
$3,000,
For the salary of the chief clerk in the Department of
Agriculture, $2,000.
For the collection and compiling of agricultmal statistics,
for promoting <i<.ri icul tural and rural economy, and the pio-
eureinent, propagation, and distiibution of cutting and
seeds of new and u-riuJ varieties, and for the introduction
and protection of insectivorous buds, and for mvcstuMtion^
to test the piaetieabiluy ot' cultivating and ptepartn^ Hav
and hemp as a substitute tor cotton, ami for pa>iug the
clerks and emploj ei, and contingent expenses neces-aiy in
said Department, {fcGO,000.
Mr. IIA11LAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "cotton" the
words, "mid for the purpose of establishing a
laboratory, with the necessary apparatus for piac-
lical and scientific experiments in agricultural
chemistry."
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask the .Senator whether
he proposes, in case that amendment should be
adopted, to move to increase the appiopriation ?
Mr. HARLAN. I will say, m reply to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that I in-
tend to move to increase the appro pi iation whether
this amendment shall be adopted or not. There
is a small laboratory connected with the Agricul-
tural Department at this time m successful oper-
ation. By striking out the language contained
in the original bill by which it ts included, 1 think
that perhaps the Commissioner would deem it to be
his duty to discontinue the experiments winch lie
has been having performed heretofore. I think it
would be well to continue those cxpei iments. T
say veiy ftankly that I think the amuuntappio-
printed by the amendment of the Committee on
Finance is not as huge as it should be. There-
fore, whether this amendment of mine be adopted
or not, I intend to move to increase the amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount pioposed to
bo appropriated by our amendment is $5,000 more
than we appropriated last year. Last year the
salaries of the Commissioner and chief clcik were
taken out of the general appropi iation of £(j0,000;
this year we have added them to the geneial ap-
propriation, making $05,000. The question for
tiie Senate to nettle is simply whether it means to
go on and increase this agneultuia! bureau until
it becomes a gieat Department of tin? Government.
If that is the determination of Congress, so be it.
The Committee on Finance, however, were, 1 be-
lieve, unanimously of opinion that it was best not
to do it, especially in the state of our finances at
this time.
It will be recollected—I have alluded to it be-
foiu—that when the change was made Inst year
by which we established the Department of Agri-
culture, there was a debate on the subject, and at
ibat tinv this very thing was foreseen; rind it was
said that if we established Has an independent
Department, the probability was that the Depart-
ment would soon call for a large increase of ex-
penditure, and that we should have fastened on
the country a separate, distinct Department, which
would gradually grow up to be a very expensive
one. it v/aa contended* however, by the friends
of the change that it would cost nothing addi-
tional; that it was not contemplated in any way
to increase expenses; that the farmers of the coun-
try only desired that it should be independent
of the interior Department; that the desire was
founded on a wish to give additional dignity to the
subject-matter, and not to expend more money.
That was repeated over and over again by the
gentleman who introduced the bill—Senator Sim-
mons, of Rhode Island—who was then chairman
of the Committee on Patents; and it was argued by
the friends of the measure that that was neither
contemplated nor desired. It will be recollected
that there has always been very grave doubt—
and at every session of Congress it has been con-
tended—that there was no constitutional power
to establish a Department of this description, or
to appropriate money in this way for the purpose
of encouraging agriculture. The fhst appropria-
tion we made, I believe, was simply of $1,000 to
purchase some seeds, it gradually grew to be
$G0,000. It was for several years after [ came
here, I think, $20,000. It was finally put up to
#60,000; and all the change that the committees
and agricultural societies asked for was simply
that it should be independent of the interior De-
partment, have a separate existence, with which
they could communicate, but not to call for addi-
tional appropriations. They said this, as I un-
deistood, by the authority of those whom they
claimed to represent.
Now, sir, at the very first session after that,in
less than one year, instead of $(>0,000, this De-
partment asks for an appropriation of $130,000.
Next year, at that rate, and probably it will be so
without any doubt, in view of the course of things,
it will be $'230,000. And so it will go on until it
gets to be a large Department of the Government.
The query is whether, even if we were disposed
to do it, it ts worth while to inciea&e our expend-
itures in that direction by additional clerks, &c.,
at this particular period. Is this the time to do it ?
Now, what does this anticipate5 We had noth-
ing last year, in the specification of subjects to
which this money was to be appropriated, about
having a laboratory and experiments m agricul-
tural chemistry, with the necessary apparatus for
all these things. There was nothing of the kind
provided for last year. If the Commissioner has
got up anything of that sort, he has got it up with-
out any authority of law, and upon his own hook,
with a view to produce its eiTcct; and it must be
a small affair at the best. If you authorize this,
arid have scientific experiments in agricultural
chemistry made, it contemplates the establish-
ment of a professorship to begin with, because
nobody pretends that the present head of the De-
partment, however good a practical farmer he may
i>e, is capable ofe.oniluctmg such experiments,and
what it will grow to it is impossible to foresee.
I hope, sir, that the Senate, at the present time
at least, will be content to let this icmain as it is,
and not undertake to more than double the appro-
priation in less than a year from the time pledges
were given upon this floor, or arguments were
used, that no such thing was contemplated.
I know that it is said the farmers demand it.
Well, sir, suppose they do demand it; it is no rea-
son why it should be done m the present state of
the Treasury; and in the next place, I have no
idea that the farmers do demand it. Certain men
who call themselves fanners, gentlemen farmers
who claim to repicsr nt the agricultural interest,
do undoubtedly demand it. Some agricultural so-
cieties would like to have this Department on an
extensive and expensive scale. My own view is
that the greater portion of this may well be left to
the State societits, and to those who arc interested
in such subjects. I do not think it wise that the
General Government should assume everything
to itself, as seems to be the tendency of thought
and of action at the pre sent day. We are in no con-
dition to do it. it is, in my judgment, unwise to
do it. I do not believe it will n suit in good. It
is taking the burden of doing these things from
where it can be bettor borne and be more effectual
in operation, I may be mistaken on this question,
but such is my very strong and decided impres-
sion. At any rate, 1 think it is doing no injustice
to the gentlemen who claim to represent the farm-
ers, to hold them, during the war at least, to what
they authorized Senators on this floor to say, that
they required nothing more than was nt that time
asked for.
My own judgment, too, is that the great benefit,
indeed the only benefit substantially that can be
denved from this appropriation, is that it will en-
able the Commissioner to impoit seeds from for-
eign countries that will be of advantage to our
counti y, if he acts well and carefully. Much ben-
efit in certain particulars has been derived from
that heretofore. The larger part, perhaps, of the
money has been wasted; but the good that has
come from that which has been successful, es-
pecially in the article of sorghum, is enough un-
questionably to repay us for what has been lost as
well as for what has been expended m that direc-
tion. That was done with the $60,000 appropri-
ation, and anything that is necessary in that di-
rection can be done with it now. I am willing to
continue this Department as it is, as we established
it, with the promise upon which we established
it, upon the views on which we established it; but
I am not willing at the present time at once to en-
large so greatly, and to expose the country to the
danger which follows, of having a great and ex-
pensive Agricultural Department of the Govern-
ment glow up here in the face of all that has been
said heretofore. I hope the Senate will be con-
tent to adoptthe amendment which has been pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. Piesident, I am inclined to
favor the proposition of the House bill, which
recommends an appropriation of $130,000 for the
benefit of the agricultural interest of the country,
or directly in aid and support of the Agricultural
Department which was created at the last session
of Congress, and consequently I am opposed to
the amendment recommended by the Committee
on Finance, to reduce the appropriation from
$130,000 to $65,000.
If there is any act of the present Congress
which has received the favor and approval of the
country more gem-rally than any other, aside,
perhaps, from those acts pertaining directly to
the prosecution of the war for the suppression of
the rebellion ami the restoration of the Govern-
ment, it is the act establishing an independent De-
partment of Agriculture; and no act, [ am sure,
would be received with more general disfavor and
disappointment than that act which shall strike
down, or which shall, as this amendment pro-
poses, essentially curtail and dwarf the operations
of that Department. Such an act, in my judg-
ment and fiom my information, would seriously
disappoint the just hopes and expectations of the
agricultural class of our people, a class which very
largely outnumbers all other industrial classes
combined.
1 hardly need to say, what everybody admits,
and which is but a repetition of a common and
true remark, that agriculture is the great, para-
mount interest of the country; that it is the great
fundamental interest which underlies and sustains
all other interests. It is, indeed, the gteat sustain-
ing power and resource of the Government; and
yet, I ask you, what has the Government over
done duectlyin the way of sustaining, of encour-
aging, or of stimulating this vital interest> We
are obliged to answer, comparatively nothing,
except so far as it may have been affected, some-
times beneficially and sometimes pre] udtcially, by
the general legislation of the Government.
After years of solicitation, by petitions and ap-
peals to Congress for aid, at least for some recog-
nition of the (•hums of the a^iieultural interest to
some small shaie in the patronage of the Govern-
ment, it was at last admitted, if I mistake not, in
1H39, to a very subordinate position, not to the
position of a department; not to the position of a
bureau, even; but as a mere appendage to the
Patent Office Bureau in the Department of the In-
terior, and $1,000, as luis been stated by the Sen-
ator from Maine, was appropriated for Us benefit.
This was a step, however, though a short one, in
the right direction. It was a recognition of the
claims of this great industrial interest to the atten-
tion and care of the Government. I bdieve it
will be admitted on all hands that much good has
resulted from it. Its usefulness, however, was
necessarily limited, on account of its very sub-
ordinate position, and on account of the very little
considrration it received from the Government,
its small number of clerks, and its very stinted
means of operation.
The present Congress at its last session mani-
fested its appieciuLon of the impoitance of the
farming int^r^st to the country, and of its claims
