644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
thrown into the market as a raw material, out of
which to make paper. Itjis believed those ex-
periments are being brought to a successful issue;
that a very valuable cloth may be made of the
-husks and the stalks of corn. I will detain the
Senate for a moment by reading two or three pas-
sagesfrom the pamphletbefore mentioned,on this
subject:
(i It appeared that the maize fiber could be extracted out
of the plant, in a form like flax, by a procedure voiy pnn-
ple, and at tho same time requiring but little apparatus ami
auxiliary means; that it could be spun like flax, and be
woven like the flax thread." * * * * '
'•The texture ot maize flax will look quite dtffoient in a
short time, especially when men of the piofos>ion will have
taken it into their hands, and when the spinuini? and weav-
ing machines will be adapted to the maize fiber."
"Through the process applied for producing the maize
fiber, the components of the plant are separated into three
different part*., to wit: fibers, flour dough, and gluten. The
fibcis are spun and woven ; the nutritive substance, (flour
dou<*h,) which has the peculiarity to remain fresh for months
in the open air--consequently to resist, unlike other organic
substances, piuietacuon—give* a pleasant tasting, nutti
tive, healthy flour dough. All the fiber and gluten w«v*te
of the maize plant which are precipitated during the pro-
cess of cxtiacting the fibets, aie u>cd for manulactming
papt.-i.*' **********
k< The maize plant contains, consequently, not one par
tiele which cannot be used. Tt can be made useful fiom
the ear-corn up to the head of the stalk. The eai give* food
to m.m j tho maixe- tuff extract i-; a nuiiiinent lor bea-t;
the lilwns arc woven into cloth, and tlie shoitei fibers ami
gluten stutr aie convened into beautiful papei. Alter the
libet has skived for cloth, it i.s biou^ht back a*. rags, and
jnanufactiinM! into paper.
 ' Which plant can boast of «uch a goneial utility like tlie
maize plant? Tlie mo-l icmarkablc tlnmr in reg.ud to Ihe
proee^b j.- ir.s simplicity. The Jiumble^t l.ihoier can ieain
the pioeedtirc when he is but once ii^ti ucted in wmnm,oi
vei bally, and i^ en;ibled to effect I he production of the above
named articles on the mai/.c held itself, without tho slight-
est expense."
Now, sir, it is not necessary to enter into the
wide field of experiment which is thiown open
to investigation. What we want is to enable tins
office to collect the facta, to collect the icsult of
experiments that are now being made all over the
country. The cultivation of sorghum has proved
a jjreat success. I have no doubt experiments
with the flax fiber and the liber of corn stalks and
husks will prove an equal success, and icsult m
the end in an augmentation of our national wealth
to the amount ot hundreds of millions; this, too,
by converting- into a valuable staple tlie immense
products of our maize fields that are now almost
totally worthless.
There are other materials on which this office,
ntid others, of course, in a private way, are ex-
perimenting-, to winch I would allude if I thought
n. necessary to illustrate the subject. But tins can-
not be necessary. All that is asked is $130,000
JO enable this office to piocei-d with these expert
rnents, and in culiertm^ the statistics and the re-
suit of the experiment.-} of others, that the public
may turn tins knov. ledge topuieneal account.
Mr. GfUAl 1<N. Mi. Piesident, let us see what
is the j5sue ixfore tlie Senate. Nobody objects
to the Agneuluuai bureau eomhiuingtheiroxpen-
merits with sorghum or with tile other articles that
have been exhibited upon my colleague's desk.
If they have had anything to do with them heie-
toforoj ]et them goon and continue and perfect
them. 3 do not understand they have had much
to do with them heretofore except merely to dis-
seminate the seed of the sorghum after it had been
introduced by private individuals. The issue is
between the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate, which authorizes
the same amount of appropriation that has hith-
erto been made, and the appropriation os itcomes
to us in the bill from the House of Representa-
tives. What do they propose? Wheu* is this
additional amount to be expended, and for what
puipose? Let, ua see:
'• And mi the*encouragement of the agiicuUurnl and nurd
inter* «t- of all pan-, ot lue Union'"—
That is a very general expression, and will allow
this Commissioner of Agriculture to do almost
anything, I apprehend, under it—
" And for neemin? an efficient clerical corps.'5
There have been no estimates presented to us as
to the character of ih «« clerical corps; and under
tins apptopriation which comes to ns from the
House of Representatives, embracing ^>130,000,
this Commissioner of Agriculture would be per-
muted to employ, I suppose, almost anybody,
and at almost any rate.
M Chemist." Sir, I do not believe that agricul-
ture is going to be promoted in my State by the
establishment of a chemist and a laboratory in
Washington; and I will tell you why. This chem-
ist will do as chemists have done in Boston, and
as was done in this city by Mr. Jackson, who was
formerly employed by this same Patent Office de-
partment. They take, for instance, grapes. They
analyze the wood of the grape. Those same
grapes grow in my garden. They grow there in
a different character of soil; in a different climate.
The icsult is that the constituent parts of the
grape itself are entirely different from the same
grape growing here in this soil and under this cli-
mate, because us conditions are different; and
therefore, when I take the opinion of Mr. Jack-
son, or of this chemist here in Washington, and
set out a vineyard on the bluffs of the Mississippi
river, I discover that I have been entirely misled
by the investigation that has been made here, and
that investigation is really to my injury rather
than to my benefit.
How should that investigation be made? We
should encourage it to be made through tho State
agricultural colleges which we authorized to be
established at the last session of Congress, and
for which we gave a munificent grant of land.
They understand their climates; they understand
the different character of their soils; they under-
stand the condition upon which agriculture or
pomology or the vintage is to be prosecuted within
the jurisdiction of then States, and if I am to
vote money at all, I would infinitely rather vote
the money to those States that have agricultural
colleges established for the purpose of puisuing
these investigations. All fiuits change as the
climate changes in which they are raised. For
instance, the Baldwins and lihodo Island green-
ing of New England and New York are compara-
tively useless in my State; and when apomol-
ogist recommends those trees to mc because his
expellence m the North Atlantic States has been
in favor of them, and I adopt his recommenda-
tion, I am misled. So I am liable to be misled
by the recommendations of this Department here
in this central position. The tiuth js, that it is
too large a machine. It cannot be well operated
to the advantage of the farmers themselves, in
my opinion.
The next proposition is for a botanist. It seems
that the Ilouse propose to authorize this Commis-
sioner of Agriculture to select a botanist to be con-
nected with his Department.
The next is an entomologist. There is no de-
termination as to the salary that shall be paid to
them, or as to the character of the men that shall
hu employed.
The next is an ornithologist. What is he to do ?
I suppose that he is to father together, as best he
can, all buds that are indigenous in different por-
tions of the country, and stuff them and keep them
here as a museum, and set up a kind of opposition
to the Smithsonian Institution.
The bill continues:
'* .And oihei persons, skilled in the natm.il sciences per-
taining to agriculture.1'
That covers everybody and everything. It
covers any kind of natural science that anybody
can imagine; because they all pertain, in a greater
or less degree, to the science of agriculture.
I am convinced that under the appropriation
as submitted by the Committee on Finance, more
money will be expended for the benefit of the
farmer than under the appi opriation of the Iloiu-e
of Representatives. 1 believe that more benefit
will be derived from the appropriation of $60,000,
with the limitations that are fixed upon it by the
Committee on Finance, than would be derived
from the appropriation of $130,000, as proposed
by the House, with this geneial sweep, this gen-
ei al authority to select chemists,and botanists, and
pomologists, and ornithologists, and entomolo-
gists, or other persons who may be skilled in tlie
natural sciences that may he in a gieater or less
d<'grce connected with the science of agriculture.
Entertaining that opinion, X shall vote for the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. I think my colleague is mis-
led. The proposition now pending is not the ques-
tion between the amendment proposed by the
committee of tlie Senate and the proposition as it
came from the House of Representatives.
Air. GRIMES. The Senator from Vermont
was arguing the question that arose between the
two propositions,
Mr. FOOT. The pending amendment is an
amendment to the amendment of the committee.
Air. HARLAN. 1 have no objection to redu-
cing the language of this provision to greater pre-
cision* so as to prevent an impiopcr appropria-
tion of the money. My proposition is to amend
the text of the committee's amendment so as to
include the little laboratory that is now connected
with this office. I intend to move an amendment
to the committee's amendment so as to increase
the appropriation proposed by the committee,
whether this amendment shall be adopted or not.
I might state, however, in icply to one fact sub-
mitted by my colleague, that tho very object of
these chemical experiments is to escape the diffi-
culty which he mentions. Any class of fruits or
grains produced in one latitude on a given soil
may not be produced profitably in another latitude
and on another kind of soil. But it will occur to
him, perhaps, as readily as it does to me, that the
same chemist that analyzes the grape, and the
fiber of the twig or vine, can analyze the soil, and
thus exhibit the congruity necessary to produce
the fruit; and this doubtless would he the object of
the experimenter. An analysis of the grape and
the fiber of the vine and the soil on which it is
produced will be had, and an analysis of my col-
league's garden or field.
Mr. GRIMES. You cannot analyze the cli-
mate.
Mr. HARLAN. By observation and experi-
ment, by collecting together statistics on tins sub-
ject, we may know something of the similarity of
climate; and this Department will doubtless collect
all the facts on that subject within the purview of
its correspondence. With a knowledge of tem-
perature, the quantity of rain precipitated during
the spring and summer months, the tempeiature
and snow precipitated dining the winter months,
and the character of the soil in any locality, added
to a knowledge of the elements of fruits and grains,
any one of common sense could form a reliable
conclusion of the probable success of any pro-
posed varieties, if transferred from one country
to another. But this minuteness of analysis, I
suppose, is not contemplated by the oflice. They
desire to be able to investigate by analysis with
sufficient accuiacy to avoid the cirors that might
arise from adopting the analysis of others with-
out inquiry. I care peisonally but little about this
amendment. My main object is to increase the
appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much gratified, indeed,
with tho interest which the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] and the Senator from Vermont
[Mr, Foot] havo manifested in favor of this agri-
cultural experiment. I do not believe they have
over-estimated it; but, on the contrary, I believe
they have greatly under-estimated it. I have no
doubt at all that tin; distribution of improved and
superior seeds throughout the countiy every year
produces a lesuh greatly more valuable than the
amount of any appropriation made for the pur-
pose. Theiv is a very large area in the State of
Kentucky that is cnmparativelv mountainous ; it
has few woods; it is a sequestered portion of the
countiy, and is inaccessible to the ordinary modes
of travel and transportation. During the last year
I traveled through that region of the State; and I
found that this plant, the sorghum, was cultivated
there by every individual who had five acres of
cleared land. Previous to its introduction, those
people knew comparatively nothing of the com-
forts of molasses and sugar. Those necessary
articles now to such a vast portion of ihe popula-
tion of this nation and of the world were almost,
inaccessible to that portion of the people of Ken-
tucky. I do not hesitate to say that the benefit
derived by that portion of the State of Kentucky
from sorghum as an arlieV of subsistence every
year is worth vastly moie than the om*>untof this
appropriation of^130,000 to them; and that but
a small portion of our vast country into which the
cultivation of this article has been introduced, and
who :u e now reaping the benefit of if, not as a lux-
ury, but as a necessary of life. I have no doubt
of the fact that the improved seeds that have been
furnished by this Agricultural Department in vege-
tables and in cereals also annually produce an
amount of good to the country infinitely greater
than the paltry sum which is now asked to enable
this institution to attempt a more successful and
extended operation of its office.
Rir? I think tho experiments that are proposed*
