1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64S
to be made in this Agricultural Department, and
the employment of botanists and chemists, and
professors of entomology and ornithology, will
be in the highest degree valuable. I do not think
the objections made by the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] to these experiments are valid; be-
cause, as his colleague suggested, the material to
enable the experiments to be successfully made
could be transmitted from Iowa or any other port
of the United States to this Agricultural Depart-
ment. It can come in the form of fruits, in the
form of vines, in the form of vegetable matter, iu
every form in which it is produced; and the ex-
periments can be made just as satisfactorily, and
with as much advantage to the people at large, at
a central point here as though that work were
distributed among the States. The, experiments
cannot be done with anything like the value as
to results, if they are distributed over the different
Stales, as if they were made at a common agri-
cultural bureau located in Washington.
Sir, lam not only willing that this establish-
ment shall grow, but I am desirous, in the spirit of
the language used by the Senator from Vermont
and the Senator from Iowa, that it shall develop
itself, and thatit shall receive such appropriations
as may be useful to Us full and valuable develop-
ment for the whole country. There is an institu-
tion of this kind in the Government of France,
and I imagine its results there are incalculable.
Here the thing is in its infancy, a mere germ. In
proportion as it receives attention and govern-
mental patronage, and goes on developing and in-
creasing, the results that will be ultimately pro-
duced by it will be inappreciable. Why, sir, this
is a great inteiestofpeace. What are now our war
expenditures? At the rate of about two million
dollars a day. The honoioble Senator ft om Iowa,
who last addressed the Senate, [Mr.Ghimcs,] is
a leading member of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs; and the energy, intelligence, and success
with which he attends to his duties on that com-
mittee demand my hearty approbation. The gen-
tlemen of that committee with all their vigilance
have not been able to prevent the most stupen-
dous frauds from being practiced on the Govern-
ment in supplying the naval arm of the sei vice. For
instance, a rotten ship is purchased at the price of
three or four hundred thousand dollars, and it is
worthless; instead ofbeing of any value to the ser-
vice, it is only a frail baik to delude into its rotten
hull our siMinen and our soldiers that they may be
ingulfed by old Neptune when he raises a storm
upon his domain. If gentlemen would be a little-
more vigilant in preventing the Government from
being cheated in the sale of one of these worth-
less ships, they would save at least as much in a
single ship as t he whole appropriation that is now
asked for to sustain the Agricultural Department
of the Government, and to extend abroad over
the nation all the advantages that will icsultfrom
its successful operation.
Sir, 1 am amazed at the objections that are made
by gentlemen to this Deportment. f am a practical
farmer myself; I know the advantages of this in- •
stituiion to my portion of theeounti y atleast,and ;
I have no doubt they are equal and probably ,
greater in other portions. Nothing would produce
greater disapprobation among the people of Amer-
ica than to see the frowns of the Government or
any of its agencies upon this infant enterprise,
preventing if fiom developing to the very giontosi 1
extent all the agricultural resources of the country,
by bringing to it not only practical skill and sci-
ence, but produce a combination of science with
practical skill that will develop the agriculture ot
America as that of France, England, Scotland,
and other countries m the Old World has been de-
veloped.
I did not intend to say anythingon this subject,
but I do trust that this Agricultural Bureau will
receive the full measure of that patronage and of
that appropriation which has been reported in the
House; and then,in my opinion, it would fall far '
beneath the just demands and merits of the sub-
ject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
this thing is doomed to go and not only to go but
to grow/ I thought so when it was stinted, and
1 daie say it will turn out so; but 1 do not think
it is woith while to let it do so on bald assertion
or bad logic, for they are both poor soils, and
therefore it would be worth while to put it on '
some sort of principle. For instance, take the
!! argument of my friend from Kentucky, who has
just sat down. We are compelled—that is the
' substance of it—to expend vast sums of money to
,, carry on the war; ergo, we ought to increase our
expenditures for agriculture! It costs half a mil-
ji lion dollars to build a ship, and we are com-
i! pelled to have a great many of them: therefore,
i; let us double our expenses for agriculture; it is
|j mean if you do not! We are at an immense ex-
j! pense, and arc putting the people to all sorts of
sufferings and privations to do what is absolutely
j. necessary to save the Government; therefore put
the sums on everything else where you can find a
jj chance and which is a good thing, and do not wait
i until our expenses are reduced. Xhat is the sub-
stance of my friend's argument, because he says
I it is very mean to talk about this small appropti-
1, ation when wc ate expending such large sums of
money. 1 think the good logic of the matter is,
■ if we are compelled for national preservation to
; expend large sums of money at the present time,
i as much as the people can bear, to wait awhile
with reference to things that can be^lispensed with.
I should think that was the correct logic on that
particular branch of the subject.
Now take the argument of m v friend from Ver-
" mont. He says do not stiike down this institu-
tion. Who is talking about striking it down?
As I have said, we have increased the appropria-
i lion from last year $5,000. My objection is to
I sinking it up—not that I want to strike it down.
That is not the way to put it. 1 know that I am
probably taking the unpopular side of this mat-
| ter. I am compelled ftom my position to do u.
• \ Somebody must look out at any rate, and see that
;; we understand what we are doing with reference
' to appropriations.
Now, an, it is not true, as would be insinuated
: by my friend ftom Iowa, [Mr. Harlan-,] that we
j ate nulebtt d to this Agricultural Cureau for any
of these benefits to agriculture—not one of them.
Theie is no man in the world who has a greater
jegard for truth than my friend from Iowa, and
i the last thing that, would be imputed to him would
be a disposition to steal from anybody; and yet Ins
[ sp"ech is oneeontinued theft from tin-* people who
ii have made diseov enes foi the benefit of this office.
It is nothi.ig but stealing the experiments that
, Imvt been made by others, stealing the woi k that
^ Ii/>h been (lone by others; stealing the work that
othets have produced, for the «ak«' of building up
'; thi« establishment hoie, which he is ih>sirous to
sustain. Did any of the officers of this buieau do
: anything toward making that sugarr Did they
, know anything about it' Is theie a man in the
^ Department at. the present day who knows how ;
1 one of these-things is dune' I do not believe there 1
is. Tin re is nobody there but the Commissioner— J
and nobody will suspect him of it, I take it—and I
then he has got a paicel ofclerks, ami perhaps he :
has got a laboiatory and somebody who is at
j [ work on some subject or other: but does my friend
■ from Iowa pretend that there is a man theie who
I knows or will undertake to teil you how any of
these results were produced? I do not think he
; will, li he can, I should like to have him name
htm. He has biought in bottles enough here, col-
j lected from all pans of the country, toalmostlill j
1 up the shelves of an apotlncarv; and he says, [
', "look and see what has been done by this office;" i
i and the people up there are as innocent of the i
■; whole thing as the child unborn. Theie is no- {
body there but the "practical farmer" and his '
clerks. ]
Then he has brought in here a lar^'e lot of paper j
made from different substances picked up all over !
■ the country, of which the people in this office j
■' know nothing, i suppose they have picked them j
up in the country and have sent them here, and the i
: Senator says, "behold the results of science! j
i We have all the material out West to make these !
; things;" and therefore Mr. Newton should go !
into the Cabinet, and we should luue n large lab-,
1 aratory un at the other tn.d of the < icy. Is that |
IushC Why, Mr, it is nothing but theft—my |
friend will understand me winm i that word. 1
Let us look at this argument a little further, and j
see how it goes. We have not done anything for j
I art except occasionally buying a statu", or a paint- j
' irig, or something of that sort. Suppose it is de~ , i
. sued to have a department of art, and to appoint 'j
! Dr. Stone, or some other eminent gentleman, or
a gentleman who is not eminent—i think on the ,j
system on which we have gone a stone-cutter or is
a house-painter would do as well; a man who
knows, perhaps, how to mix colors, and how to
paint a house, or knows how to follow out the
tracing on stone—at the head of the establish-
ment. Youwantto make italarge establishment,
and desire an appropriation of $500,000 for the
department of art. You bring in here a splendid
statue by Powers, and you say, "look at the
beauty of this statue! See how lifelike it is!
How it almost speaks!" And therefore we must
have a department of art; and my friend would
infer that statue came from the establishment that
was souglnto be created into a department. They
bring in a beautiful picturc by one of the old mas-
tots, and exclaim, " look at the tints! see how
lovely |hey are! how it stands out from the can-
vas!" Sid would lead us to infer it was done
up there in the same establishment, My friend
forgets that that is not logic.
Sir, these things were not produced there. This
concern at the other end of the Avenue did not
oven find out the sorghum seed. All it did was
to send out an agent when it was discovered, and
buy the seed, and then put it up in paper bags
and send it over the country. That is all it has
ever done; and now, on that foundation, because
wc have appropriated a little money from time to
timo, and at last one thing has been found, and
only one, and that is sorghum—for we hear of
nothingbut sorghum; it is all sorghum—after re-
peated experiments with thousands of different
kinds of seeds, most of which have failed, wc have
lighted on one thing which the ingenuity and la-
bor of our people has made valuable, and that is
an aigument to go on and make a great establish-
ment out of this bureau, and to build up a large
Department at Washington to which to bring these
different matteis,and make scientificexperiments.
My friend will allow me to say the argument is
not fair; it is not applicable; it docs not explain
the case in any possible way.
Now, sir, all they can do, and what I am will-
ing they should do, is to take the money which
We appiopiiato, and send out agents to get these
seeds and distribute them. That they can do
better than anybody else. That was the original
design; but gentlemen wish to make it grow up
and to establish a great Department. You can see
where this leads to. You will have an cntomol*
o<rist, as my friend from Iowa [Mr, Grimes] has
wild. Then you musthave a large establishment
for insectsi you musthave rooms m which to keep
them; you must have keepers; you must have
clerks foi that establishment. Then you have
your ornithological—these ologies come haid off
my tongue; I do not speak them very glibly—es-
tablishment. You must have your rooms for
thorn; vonr keepers; your professors; and I dare
say the* State of my friend from Vermont could
furnish them. Vermont is the best place in the
world to furnish professors. So of your chem-
ical establishment, and all the rest of it.
But let me ask gentlemen, where is this thing to
end? It is not for the advantage of the farmers.
It is for the advantage of clerks and keepers and
professors to be established here at. Washington
to build up a large Department of this description
for show and not tor use. That is the plain result
of the whole of it. Gentlemen may acton this sub-
ject, if they please, on the principle of crying out,
"this is for the farmers; it is for the great agricul-
tural inteiest, which stands at the bottom of aii
others, and builds everything up; and shall we not
do something for that?" Sir, if you would just
put it upon this principle: shall we put our hands
in our own pockets, and do something for the
farmeis, that question I can understand; but when
they have got to put their hands in their pockets
to do this thing for the benefit of a large establish-
ment here, consistingoforntthology and every sort
of ology in the whole catalogue, and arc to pay
for it themselves, itis all humbug to talk ofit being
for the farmers. We are annually taxing the farm-
ers more and more every day that we go on in-
creasing this establishment and making those ap-
propriations. We are insulting their intelligence
to support they do not understand tin* th'ng.
Most of them do. Why, sir, mv fuend from Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] has a statement of how this si: m
is proposed to be expended, and he will explain
how much goesto clerks and professors, and other
officers.
I do not feel disposed to say anything more
about this matter, except to ask, if anything is to
