1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
As those gentlemen said, they constitute thereat
portion of our population. They are the great
consumers of everything that is consumed in the
land, and, consequently, everything that, is taxed
directly or indirectly resolves itselfvery much into
a burden upon the agricultural portion of the com-
munity; and therefore to sustain this large class
of the community, and to give thorn more of abil-
ity, more ot means to meet the necessary burdens
which are required to sustain our war operations,
and our peace operations, aiso, it is a consideration
fair and propei, and of a good deal of cogency,
why theii great interest should be fully fostered
and developed.
In relation to the honorable Senator's argument
about theft, I intend to make but a single remaik.
What are all the acquisitions in the woild in this
enlightened and civilized day, but theft according
to the Senator's idea5 We run back even to an-
cient Egypt, the mother of all civilization, and
much ot tne knowledge that we have in this day
that is so useful to us is derived fiom that ancient
source. The whole woild, every man who is en-
gaged in disseminating knowledge throughout the
woild, according to the Senator's idea, would be
guilty of theft. There is scarcely anything that
this ago is making use of, very little eompaia-
tively, that has not been giu nerod up by past gen-
erations, and any use that we make ot it, accord-
ing to the Senator's notion, would be .neft.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. The Senator
misapprehended me entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am glad to hear that I did mis-
apprehend the Senatoi ; but that is the very oflice
that we w.uit tins Agricultural Department to per-
form. We want them to collect all (he informa-
tion of the world, m the piesent day and m past
ages, that bears upon the agricultural interests of
the country, and to give the whole agneultural
porLion of the people of the United Slates its bene-
fit. We think it is pes forming that office in a very
valuable degi ee; and if sufficiently and leasunably
encouraged, it will pei foi m it in a still gi eater and
more valuable decree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask my friend whether
that office is performed by collecting insects, or
collecting buds and stuffing them, and making
chemical experiments. Is that collecting inform-
ation?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know that it will be the
office of this Agricultural Bureau to collect insects
and birds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is part of the vciy
proposiiu.ni we piop, se to strike out.
Mi. DAVIS. 3h it not of advantage to the ag-
ricirlturnl portion of the country to know wh.it
iny-cts prey most upon theirse* ds when they sow
them ' Is it not ot gi eal advantage that I he I'u mei s
shall know wli.it bn dsai e most pestiferous to their
crops ? J s it not of advantage to the agucultui ists
of the eountiy that they should know the best
means of desti oying the insects and the buds that
piey upon their seeds in the ground, and upon
their crops ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can that be done by mak-
ing a museum '
Mr. DAVIS. Ttean be done by expeiiments.
The- honorable Senator complained that here was
ahead of the Agnculmial Depailmeni that was
not learned, and that tins apptopnaiion was in-
tended to sustain an ignorant head of a Depart-
ment and his nodv "f cieiks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nm at all. The Senator
will be kind enough not to nr.si epn-scnt mc.
Air. DAVIS. I do nut so intend.
Mi. FESSENDEN. The S-mntoi does not in-
tend it, I know. 1 said nothing about the head
of the Department except this, that no one would
pietend that In, himself could peuoim this labor,
and it consequently involved the t niployment of
learned men to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. We all know that. I think I have
stated the honorable Sf n.not V position faiily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not deny that the
piesent Commio&ioner i- competent to ail thodu-
tiesof the oiFn.e as now cai i led on under the foimci
appiopriatmns.
Mi. DAVIS. Well,sir, we want it earned on
differently in some degiee. We want learned,
intelligent, scientific men to take charge of its pro-
fessoiships, if you choose to call them so. We
Want a chemist, we want a botanist, we want
an entomologist, and an ot mthulogist too, if you
choose.
Mr. GRIMES. And a meteorologist?
Mr. DAVIS. No; there is enough of meteor-
ology in the Smithsonian Institute. I have been
over there myself. They are in the same neigh-
borhood; and everything that is necessary to be
observed and remarked upon—isothermal lines,
and upon the state of the atmosphere, and where
storms pie vail, and rains—everything of that kind
can be had to any useful amount iu \he Smithso-
nian Institution. Weask nothing in that line; but,
sir, we want what appertains to agriculture appro-
pi lately. Tins head of the Department is a prac-
tical farmer. He is not a scientific man, we all
admit; and therefore he is incompetent to elicit all
of this valuable information m science from actual
cxpeiiment. We want a modeuue appropriation
made that will authorize tin; employment of com-
petent men to peifoun such work. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. DIXON. Mi. President, the great interest
in this, as in almost every other country, is agri-
cultuie. It is not the great interest of that por-
tion of the. country which I have the honor in part
to represent, nor of New England; but it is the
great interest of'the whole country taken together,
as it is of almost all countries; and the Govern-
ment of evei y onbghtened'eountry, of every civ-
ilized people, I believe, has therefore deemed it
impoitant to pay some attention, in the adminis-
tration of its affairs, to the suppoi t and cncouragc-
ment of agriculture. I believe all the nations of
Europe have governmental depai iments, m which
the interests of agriculture receive particular atten-
tion and guaiilninship.
Now, sir, oughl the Government of (his great
agricultural people to establish such a Depai t men:?
,The Senators who oppose it have exhausted all
their powers of sarcasm and ridicule in belittling
this question, and have held up to view such of
its details as seem to them unnnpoi tant oi ubsuid.
I shall not follow them m this peculiar line ofargu-
ment. I shall not consider the questmn whethei
ornithology, or entomology, or any pai I ieu lar sci-
ence, ought to be attended to in that Department.
It seems to me unfair, in the discussion of this
question, to dwell upon minor details of that sort.
They do not affect the real mei its of tin' question
before us, ought we to have a governmental De-
partment of (his character? If, this vast national
mletest of sufficient importance to autbonze the
expense ueeessa! ily attendant upon the support
of such a Depai tnien t of Government? This is
the question which 1 desn e to consider, and I trust
the attention of the Senate is not to be. di vei ted
from its consideration by an exposure of unim-
poi tant or accidental defects, which do not neces-
sarily belong to the system. That huge and ex-
panded \ lew of the subject should bo taken wlu< h
lias been taken by the Senator from Veimont,
[Air. Foot,] and in which he has been so ably
suppoiied by the Senators fiom Iowa and Ken-
tucky, [Messrs. Harlan and Dams.]
The popular branch of Congress have sent lis
a bill containing an appropiiation the sum of
$J.'}0,000. It would seem, in listening to the re-
ma i ks of S( natoi son this subject, that some vast
sum was proposed to be appiopnated, that the
Tieasurv was to he exhausted; yet ^130,000 is
the mod* rate sum proposed to us as ihe founda-
tion of the Department of Agi leulture; and what
does the chaiiman of the Committee on Finance
say? That committee have i (-ported an amend-
ment reducing this sum to £00,000; and the chair-
man tells us it is b( cause the country is involved
in war, lie says we «ue now involved in war,
and therefoie cannot <ifiojd to expend the sum
proposed to be expended in the bill before us. 1
was g'ad when i s;iw that the eagle eves o( that
Senator had been devoted to this question of ex-
pense, thai he had peiu-ti at< d the i i-ci.-iM -? of t his
bill to see what w.-s improper, and what could be
stneken cut, and I bed little curiosity to follow
him. I looked into the bill, with a similar pui- !
nose-. 1 looked to see what oth«*r appropriations
the committee had parsed ovet, when th*-y s  izrd
upon th is for the benefit of agriculture, and asked
us to reduce it I found thetc some appropi ja-
tmns not absoluti iy essential, which, although
the counti y is involved in win, the committee sup-
posed it was vety pioper to lepoit to the Senate.
I do not say these appropriations are not proper,
but I beg leave to call the attention of I ho Senate
for a binglo moment to some of these items, as
showing what expenditures arc deemed proper
even in time of war, although those for the great
interest of agriculture must be given up. For pub-
lishing the Globe, $39,976; for folding documents,
$40,000; for newspapers, §12,500; for reporting for
the Globe, $35,000—in all $96,000. Well, sir, not-
withstanding the country is involved in war and
struggling for its existence, these expenditures
can be authorized in this yery identical bill, in
which we ate not to insertan appropriation for the
benefit of agriculture, in consequence of the pecu-
liar state, of the country ! 1 do not propose to say
at this time that these are not proper expendi-
tures; but 1 will say this, that if I had the option to
strike out from the bill either an appropriation for
an Agricultural Department or those which I have
read, I should not hesitate to strike out the latter.
Hut, sir, the truth is that although the country is
involved in war, it is not necessary for us to con-
clude that all other pioper expenditures must be
abandoned. We may go on, we ought to go on,
the people expect us to go on with this Govern-*,
menl as if this war did not exist, with economy
it is true, not with lavish expenditure; but we are
not called upon to thrust aside every proper object
of expense because we are now compelled to sub-
mit to great expenses for the support of the war.
The Senator further said that if the proposition
weie that we should put our hands into our own
pockets and pay something for the benefit of the
agneultural interest, it might pro v« our patriotism.
Why, sir, the agricultural interest of this country
do not ask of us a favor ; they do not ask us to
put our hands in our own pockets and make them
a gratuity. The Senator says this is their money.
So it is; it comes from them; they pay it; it is
theirown. Now,sir, letusoutoftheirown money
do something for their benefit. They ask no gra-
tuity, they ask no f.ivois; but the ugricultual in-
teieist of this country docs deserve, m my judg-
ment, that something should be done for the sup-
port and advancement of that great interest.
Now, sir, for us to stand here and exeicise our
powers of criticism because somebody has pro-
posed the employment of an entomologist or an
ornithologist, strikesme as very unworthy. I do
not know that such an officer will be employed.
I can very readily see that, as the Senator from
Kentucky has intimated, very great good might
come from examining carefully the habits of va-
rious destructive insects, and the mode of exterm-
inating them, if they can be exterminated. I do
not see that that is so supremely iidiculous; but
at the same time there is no evidence here that this
money iy to be devoted to that purpose. If it is
to be thus expended, you may strike it out, and
amend that poi uon of the bill if you choose.
The question seems to me to be whether we
ought not to establish and to support this great
Department. I look on it as an interest in which
the agricultural poition of the community are
deeply concerned. I believe they are looking with
no small degree of interest to our decision on this
subject. 1 believe they were gratified when a
practical farmer was placed at the head of that
Depai tment. There was great objection made at
that time that, he was not a scientific man. We
were told that he was not. a literary man, he was
not a distinguished writer. True, sir, he was a
piactieal farmer, a man who when one of his
biother farmers comes to the/ity of Washington
will take him by the hand, sit down with him,
talk over his interests, consult with him,and with
whom he will feel at home. That, sir, I think,
was the kind of man who was needed. I did not
myself wish thata literary man should be selected;
i did not wish a man who would be occupied in
publishing huge volumes of tian&actions. I de-
sued that a man should be appointed who would
bt capable fiom his own experience of attending to
what the agricultural interest desired; who would
bring a practical knowledge of agriculture in its
various branches to the dischaige of his duties.
Such a man 1 believe we have, and I am m favor of
giving his Department an opportunity to dissemi-
nate far and wide throughout the country the in-
formation which has been shown by the Senator
fiom Iowa [Mi. Harlan] to be of such immense
value.
I shall therefore cheerfully support the appro-
priation as U comes from the House of Repre-
sentative, although my own people have no par-
ticular interest in it. Connecticut is not an agri-
cultural State; it is a manufacturing State. The
agriculture of Connecticut is comparatively un-
