1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sioned officers of the United States revenue cutter
service, have met, and after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate, and agree to
the said amendments.
This report is signed by Messrs. Ten Eyck,
Chandler, and Carlile, on the part of the Sen-
ate, and Messrs. Eliot and Loomis on the part of
the House of Representatives. I move that the
report be concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator what
bill that is.
Mr. CHANDLER. I read the title of it.
Mr. KING. Let it be read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive the report, though the Chair knows of no
rule of the body and no parliamentary law that
makes it a privileged question. There has been
such a practice in the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has always been the
practice. The effect of the report merely is to
take the Senate bill as we passed it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator have the
kindness to stare what that hill provides for? I
never heard of it before.
Mr. CHANDLER. It provides for the relative
rank of revenue officers, as compared with naval
officers, with a proviso that no increased pay shall
accrue.
Mr. GRIMES. Has such a bill as that been
passed at the last session?
Mr. CHANDLER. It passed at the last ses-
sion, but the House of Representatives disagreed
to the Senate bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no bill
before the Senate. The papers have not been re-
turned from the other House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was told by the Clerk
that they had been. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may not be com- |
petent for the Senate to act when the papers are
not here. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be laid on .
the table for the present. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is not i
necessary. The leport cannot be acted on with-
out the bill anil accompanying papers being here.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
SaturdayJ January 31,1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House a communication from the
Secretary of War in answer to the second and
third branches of the resolution of the House of
December 10, 1862, as to the number and names
of major and brigadier generals not assigned to
actual command; also, the names and rank of
their respective staffs.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
communication will he laid on the table and
ordered to be punted.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire the floor on the
motion to print tiiat document.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will with-
draw it in accordance with the understanding upon
which the Chair has uniformly acted, that if any
communication he might present gave rise to de-
bate, he would withdraw it and let it remain on
the table subject to the order of the House.
The regular ordt r of business is the considera-
tion of House bill No. 675, to raise additional sol-
diers for the service of the United States, on which
a motion to commit is pending. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] is entitled to
the floor.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to give way for the
passage of a bill, which has been returned from
the Senate with amendments. There are two
slight amendments, and they are merely of a
verbal character. The bill relates to the payment
of pensions, and ought to be passed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will give
way for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, reported back with arecommendation that
they do pass Senate amendments to the bill of the
House (No. 616) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States for the year ending 30th June, 1S64.
No objection being made, theamendmcntsofthe
Senate, which were merely verbal, were taken up,
considered, and agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the amendments were
agreed to; and also move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions of the House of
the following titles:
Joint resolution (No. 117) tendering the thanks^
of Congress to Commander John L. Worden, of
the United States Navy; and
Joint resolution (No. 112) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain James L. Lardner^and
other officers of the Navy, in pursuance of the
recommendation of the President ol the United
States, with amendments; m which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of that body of the following
titles, in which the concurrencc ofthe House was
requested.
An aet (No. 127) for the relief of Isaac Vander-
poel; and
An act (No. 4:25) for the relief of Thomas B.
Valentine, claiming title under a Mexican giant to
Juan Mnander, deceased.
The message futthcr announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (II. R. No. 649) making appro-
priationsfor the consular and diplomatic expenses
ofthe Government for the year ending June 30,
1864, with amendments; in which the concurrence
ofthe House was requested.
st. ann's infant asylum.
Mr. MAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to incorporate the St. Ann's Inlant Asylum
in the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and lelened to the Com-
mittee on the Distuct of Columbia.
pacific railroad.
Mr. ALDIUCIl, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, from the select committee on the
Pacific railroad, Senate bill (No. SHU) granting
the proceeds of the sale of certain public lands to
aid 111 the construction of a northern Pacific rail-
road; which was recommitted, and ordered to be
pnnted.
NEOnO SOLDIHUS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massat husetts. I suggest
that, by the unanimous consent of the House,J.I10
consideration of the bill of the llouee No. 6"i5 be
postponed until one o'clock. There are numer-
ous gentlemen who desiie to introduce bills and
other matters, ami I do not want to refuse them.
Mr. STI3VENS. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is not ready to proceed, some others
are.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I am ready.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well, then ; let us pio-
ceed. I desire, before the gentleman takes the
floor, to modify my amendment; and in order
to do that, I ,i-4t the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Mayn.vrd] to withdraw his motion to com-
mit the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I will renew it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Of course 1 will withdraw
"'Mr. STEVENS. I modify ray amendmentby
adding thereto the following proviso:
Proi vlia', That nothing herein contained, "r ill the nites
and articles, "1 war^hatl be po construed n< to nutlwrOT
Ol permit anv officer (it African decent to be appointed to
rank, or to e'xeiei-e military ur naval .•uitiiorily over wlnU
olilcers, soldieis, or men ill Hi" unlit,uj ol naval mo vice ol
the touted States: nor stnlt any cie.uei pay than ten dot
lars pei month, with the u-ual a'lnn imee ol eiothins ami
rations, be allowed or paid to pt ivates or laboi el ^ ol All lean
descent which are, or may hc,l.i the military or naval sei-
vice of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now renew the motion
to commit.
PERRY S. BUOCCIIUS.
Mr- CRAVEN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Territories
a joint resolution of the House (No. 135) provid-
ing for the payment of the salary due Perry S.
Brocchus.asassociate justice of the supreme court
of the Territory of New Mexico; and the same
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON. If the consideration of the
special order is to be postponed until one o'clock,
I desire to move that the House resolve itself into
a Committee ofthe Whole House on the Private
Calend ar.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made to that,
arrangement.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to yield to me that 1 may
be heard upon the regular order for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will hear
what the gentleman desires.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not wish to
paiticipate in this discussion; I mean to abstain
from it. I have ill my possession, howevei, a
statement which I think will be of interest to the
House and to the public; a statement of the views
of Alexander Hamilton, furnished me by his son
and literary executor; and if there be no objection
1 will send it to the Clerk's desk to be read, with
brief extracts from the writings of him whose
views it expresses.
No objection being made, the statement was read
as follows:
" A distinguished Rcntieman from Kentucky referred day
beloie ycsteiday in g< neial tcims to tlie ' Federalist,' m uing
that nothing on the subject ho was discussing i  lo be lound
in that eommentaiy—that is, nothing tavoring the view > of
the advocates ot the emancipation of slave* in their em-
ployment as -oldiers. It may he. leplied that nothing is to
be lound in that valuable commentary m oppo^tion to their
views. Hut tite allusion must be legaided as wholly niel-
evant. 'The Federalist' was, addicted 'to the people of
the State o( New Yoik,5 to promote their adoption ol the
Constitution as submitted to them by the Fedeial Conven-
tion, and did not deviate fiom that pmpo*e. Bui it i= not
to be jnferied therehom that the nullum- of that wnk were
advocates of eternal slavery, nor adversaries ol the
ofthe Maves protecting then freedom when attained, Such
an mteience would be entirely at war with the ch.n.ieter
and hlstoiy ofthe author of that \voik,aud with th<- tem-
per ol the public mind antecedent to, coeval with, and lor
ycats Mib-equent to, the American Revolution, llapp.ly
tin-, deeply niteie-tmg matter is notleltto mteience. A
member itom Ohio, [Mr. IIutciiins,] in his eaiclully pre-
paid statement, quoted the opinion of Mr. Madison, the
lenre-entative at that time of Vitginia, then thejmiest
slaveholdmg State of the United States-, diiectl) in tavoi of
the employment of the negio Maves as soldiers.
•* Another ofthe writers ol that treatise, Mr. Jov, was no-
toriously the n-iendof the enfranchisement of the negioes;
nor doe- the continuation ot these views? Mop here. A m>! -
diet, who iode by the side ol Washington in most «t The bat-
tles of the Revolution, who mounted the lampnri at \. ot k-
town, and by its captuie, freed Vngima liom the loot ot a
foreign foe, and who-e finite is conspicuous in the p/i.nt-
jfjfr in tin* Capitol repti Minting the -urienderol Cotuwal-
li-"; a legislator who served in the Congress ol the (Joined-
eration; a statesman who was a inembei ot Washington s
Cabinet; a-^talcsman to whom thelast letter whu h Wa-h-
mjjton mote was addressed ; a state-man in u lion: honor
Telleison.when the-trite ofpartv controversy between them
had cea-ed, placed his bu-t m hii hbiaryat Moimoello;
this soldiet, legislator, and stale-man has left a ie< in dot Ins
views at different periods of his life, all in conceit with
each other. Ilts name is Alexander Hamilton.
'•On the J 4th of March, 1779, (Jeurgia having ben re-
die-i <t to subjection by the British, and South Catobiia be-
ing thieatened with invasion, Colonel Ijauien-, to -aecor
his native State, piupo«ing to raise a regiment ol negio sol-
dier-, asked Hamilton (both thon aids to Wa-hmgion) to
mtioduee his \iew- to Jay, at that tune 1'iesident of Con-
"ie-s. The.-c views aie presented in a letter to Jay .
'•{ Ufadquarters, Manh 3 1. 1770.
'•' Pear Sir • Colonel Laun ns, who will have the honor
of doliveiing you tin-letter, is on his way to South Carolina
on a project winch i think, m the present situation o{ ail.ms
these, is a very good one, and de-erves eveiy kind ot -.up-
port and encouiageniont. Thiols to raise iwo.thiee, or
loin battalions of negroes, with the assistance ot the gov-
ernment of that State. b> contributions fiom the ou uets
in pioportion to the number they pobsc-s. Ii you -hould
think pioper to entei upon the subject with hnn, lie will
give yen a detail ol his plan. He withe-? to have it ife(«.a-
mended to cuiigrc.-s by the State; and, us an indu'-m; nt,
that they would engage to take their battalion-- into eov.H
ncntai pj\. . , ,
•' - It appeal- to nie that an expedient "t tin, kind. :o the
present state of southern affaiis, is the mo t luuonaS that
can be adapted- and promise* very imp r;:i:it ad\ .ullages,
i Indeed. I haidl} how asUfTteient tone can b< c.-lieeteU
I m tnal quartet without it. and the enenn *- updo'i-m- tin ie
] are urowing intmitclv setiou- and iotmuldble. I have not
! the least doubt that the negroes will make ver} exeehent
! soldier-*, with proper management; and I will venture to
