650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
pronounce, that they cannot be put into better hands than
those of Mr. Laurens, lie ha? all the zeal, intelligence,
enterpn^e. and every other qualification requisite to suc-
ceed in such an undertaking. His si maxim with some great
military judges, that, vvitii sensible officer*, soldiers can
haidly be loo stupid; and, on this principle, it is thought
that the liu^sia;i& would make the best fcoldieis in the
woild it* they were untlci other officers than tlieir own.
The King ot Piu^sia it among tin: number who maintains
this doctnne, and ha* a vcr\ emphatic s-aying on the occa-
sion which T do not exactly recollect. L mention this be-
cause 1 have frequently heaid it objected to the scheme of
employing nogioes, that thej are too btupid to make sol-
dieis. Thbis -o fai from appearing tome a valid objection,
that I think their want 01 i uluv.ition, (lot their natuial
faculties are as good sis outs.) joined to tli.it habit of sub-
oidmation whieli they siequne worn a lite ot servitude, will
enable them &ooner to become -oldier.-* than oui while in-
habitants. IiCt ollicei- be men of -en-e and ^enumeut, and
the nearer the-oldieis appto.ieh to machine-, peihaps, the
better.
*" I foie?ee that tin- piojfi t will have to combat much
opposition tiom piejudiee rind -elf inlcie-t The contempt
we have been taught to entertain tor the black- in.ike- lis
tancy many tlinue-- that ate Jounded neither in iea-on not
expi'iience; and an im\viJI n«rnPsi- to pait witn piopciivof
so valuable a kind will funut-h a thousand arguments to
show the impracticability. or pernicious tendency, ol a
scheme which icqum1* .-ueh saei ilices. But it should be
con-uleied that if we do not make use of them in thi% way
the enemy probably will ; and that the bc-^t w ay to counter-
act the temptafon> they hold out will be to oiler them our-
selves. An esccntial pail of the plan is* to give them then
freedom with then ^woids. This will j-eeiue then fidelity,
animate their courage, and, I believe, will have si good in-
fluence upon iho-e who remain, by opening a do< rto their
emancipation. This eiioumstuuec, I conies, has no .-mall
weight in inducing me to wi-h the Mieeess oi the piojeet;
for the dictates of humanity and true policy equally inter-
est mo in favor of tin-' uutoitunate c|;i— ot mem.'
" Congie.-s, breathing the ,-pint of the Declaration of In-
dependence so lecently p.i^cd, giautnd the request.
" 4 Pnisuhtg tin- idea, it was, that in i'JKJ, when a piop-
0-ition in (.Vm{ie<s fivui'i ill.- i.ue of contribution, em-
braeing tluee tilths ot the -l.ivc-, had tailed, the vote ot
New VoiK bring lost, owing to his sib-ence, Hamilton
mo v <>d «i i eeon-idei atiou of the question 1 le t h< n oil ere d
an amendment, by u hieli the appoiiiomncnt of the expenses
was to be in pieporiion '-to the whole number of white and
other ft or inlKilntant- o! e\eiy age and ne\ and c ondtf\on>
including tbo^e bound to -ri vitude toi ateim of \ esu-', ami
three filths of «// ol her parous not comprehended in the
loiejiomg desenptjon, except Indian-not pajing taxes, hi
each State,-" to be c oinpieliendrd m a uienm.U census, and
transmitted to Congie—
Tin- pimeiple he embiaeed m iu- plan of si Federal
Constitution; and it \va- meorpoiateil in the ('oustituiion
ot the (Itiiled Siate-. (.'aiiyim; into eil'eet his view a- to
tiie ultimate emancipation oi the blacks, in this same plan,
lie give? I he choice ol the I Jou-e ot llcpi e-eutati ves, not to
the fire vhite male < itizens anil inhabitant- in the Union,
but to tin1 'Mice male eili/ens and nihiibitants,,; without
di-unetlon -of color; and when uigint; I he adoption of the
Con-titution by New Yoik, he; advocated "a reptescalation
ot lh lee fifth* of I he negioef." '' 11 is," he wild, u the lin lor
tuusite situation oi the sonihein State-, to have a gieat p.nt
of their population, as well,is ptoperty, in black-. It will,
liowM'i, be b\ no means admit!" d that the sl.ivi's aie cmi-
sideied itllouetlier a- propeity They sue men, though de-
giaded to the condition ol -Istveiy. They sue
known to the municipal law.-, of the States5 which they in-
habit, i/t-ll (t\ to ihv Ltivs <j tuthtt p." *
" In the same -pit it of libeitv this -ohltei and IcehhUnr
and stao -man, having ictned tiom the Cabinet of Wa-h
ingtou i <'lai inii'4 .til hi- c mi lidcnce, at hi.- in-tam c, wi itnig
on the -iilijcei o'' the lte.U.\ of peace of 1 ^K.J. n-t d ! Iic-e
piegnant expie—ion- to c-buw thai the hecdoni once pto
el.limed soul pnmii-ed to the -lave-eould newt be revoked.
LmicI 1 )uinnoie, the leeent >v ei m>i of ViiL'i'iia, had pio
< laimed ijcedoiu to the -Istver, of Viiginia who should join
hi- -landaid, Kngland had fieed and dcpmteil numbeis of
these -lave-. She iciu-ed to pa\ loi them, <'oinmentiuu
on tin - ieiu - ;d, 11 nmilton ob-ei v I'd ;i- to the li ecdom m.inled
by hei to the slave, • the <_'iant was im-vocable. Mothing
in the law.- oi nation^ oi in tlnxe ol (iieat Hiitain will au-
thou/.e the n -umption oi libeitv once planted to s\ human
being.' i hi tin* uilei pid mon ol tieatie-. Hmej^ odton- or
linnioial sue not to be pie^nmed. The abandonment of
neyioc.- w ho had been induced in quit their ma-tc is on the
laiih ol olhcia! pio< lama! in,i- piomi-ing them hheilv.to
lali a^am undci tin; >ok< oi ilinr ma-l<,t - siml into slavi-iy,
is. a- odiou- smd nil mi  i al ;t (hing <i c an be coneeived. 11
1-> odiou- not onh a- it impose- un ,nt of p "n,'nh on one of
the coiHiactini; paitie--. but a- if tend- to hi me bade to -ci-
vitude men once m;id< tiee. 'J'ne jzen-'iid inteic-ts of im-
m-oaty con-p.ie w nil the obliLME-on whu h (Iicat Diiiain
11ad eontraei' <1 tow atd- tin* negroev. jo i«>])"! this eon-11ne-
tion ot th" tie.uy if anotlin can be lound *
" 'i'hus it i-seen that Hamilton, full in the laith ot the Itce-
doin toi u Inch lie had louyht and eompit led, ai^eil the cin-
ploymenl ol the negio <.|.u'e-' a- soldteis—;i- making ' veiy
excellent -oldn't-*—pionti'-cd them tlicii ticedoni. ut^ed
thctr tieii'i; \ c-ied with polmeal unht-, and d°ciaied their
freedfini nje\ ne.ihle ; run (he an.ilnaj be nun e pnj ti>ct? Tnc
i'iejid<'iit Im- pmmi-i d tn'i dom to the -hives,u tin- rebel- ;
by an { oiin ml p'oelan'ation' helm- gi.mted to them that
lieed«)in , tii  v aie no joni'ei >-l->v •- ; their ia .'dom i.- niev-
ocMhle. That p oel.imation i- • acontiaet' which it w oulcl
be 'an act ot pej fnh ' not to pt-i mi ,i\
"'ilii'ii vietv -. lltu- cash e-jnm eland tenaciously 51,j-
heied to. .ui - - u nni' .1 up in ,h; - p eje * • \ii .;ien In.ve one
common origin, tin j p u tieip ite :n one c onmum i.atuie,aud
con-( {pientU have (tneeoinmon i i^ht "Xo tea-on can lj" a«-
s)unenwli\ one man should exereei an\ power or pieoini-
n" n-'e ovei hi- leiiow-eieatm e- moie (Imii an<)thei, unless
t he\ 'nave volunt u i!v x e.sted I nni w ith it. * Wet e not 1 he
d i-tid \ anla^"- ol • iavi i\ too ob\ i"n- (' ■ stand in need ol ir,
1 niishi ennineiaio and di'-ei ;he tne tedious o am ot ca i an ti-
tles iiiscpaiable irom it. I might ehow that it id fatal to reli-
gion and molality; that it tends to debase the mind and
corrupt its noblest springs of action; t might show that it
relaxes the sinews ot industry, clips the wings ofcommercc,
and introduces mi-ery arid mdigcrice in eveiy shape. The
pages of history aie replete with instances that loudly wain
us to beware of slaveiy. What ouginal title can any man
or set of men have to govern others except their own con-
sent—that law ot natute which gives every man a right to
his personal hboity, and can, theiefore, confer no obliga-
tions to obedience.' < i am convinced that the whole human
race is entitled to civil hbei ty, and that it can be wrested
from no pai l oi theiu, without tiic blackest and most aggia-
vated guilt.'
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
said, I think, at the outset, although it xvas not
j understood by everybody, that the .statement was
! not prepared by me, but furnished to me by the
: author of one of the books from which the Clerk
! haw read, and the editor of the w orks of Alexander
i Hamilton. Now, as J took the floor fioni the ^en-
1 tieman from Massachusetts,! desire to yield it to
} him.
; Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, resumed the
; flom.
! Mr. POMEROY. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment
that 1 may make a icport in relation to a matter
to which the attention of Congress was specially
called m tiie annual message of the President.
Mr. WASIinUliNE. 1 do not. object to any-
body, but 1 call foi the i egular order of business.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have no
j desire, Mr. Speaker, to launch my bark upon the
' sea of this illimitable debate. My object in ob-
taining the floor last evening was to present, m
addition to a few iein.ii ks upon tbe bill befoi e the
House, some eonstdeiattons concerning the rela-
tions ofJNew England, and more especially what
has been culled the Puritanism of New England,
to the Union. Put I could not fail tosee that this
subject would be too remote from that immedi-
ately before the House, i propose, therefore, to
confine myself (o a few 1 fear .somewhat desultory
suggestions upon the measure before us, and the
policy which it involves.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the discussion
thus far has scat eely touched, rmu.h less carefully
considered, the special *ubject-inattei before us.
This bill proposes, as I undeistand it, to raise a
j new and huge army from the men of Afiieande-
i scent jii this country. The amendment ode led
i by the gentleman fiotn Pennsylvania [Mr. £>te-
! yens] to the ongina! bill, (the measme to be
| pressed,') proposes to raise that army without hm-
j nation as to numbers, without limitation as to the
States, loyal or tebel, ftom which they are to be
taken, without limitation sis to expanse, because
without limitation as to number, without limita-
tion aw to the places where or purposes for which
the ai my is to be used, without limitation as to the
discipline to which thai tinny is to be subjected,
each and all of these mufteis icsting solely in the
discietion of the Piesident of the United States.
I belie \ e that I shell have t he en mail rence of eve i y
member of this J louse, smd of the gentleman from
PennsyIvauia, [Air.  ->n.vL\r>,] among the rest,
when i say that this bill, m its new form, proposes
to vest in the President of the [Jmled Stales a latger
power and wide i disci etion than wei e ever le posed
by Congi ess in the hands < f one man, unless un-
der our previous legislation on the same subject,
j lam not bete, Mi. Speaker, to raise the question
I whether we may not wisely tepose a large discre-
I tion in the Executive sit a lime like this. It is
among the necessities of our condition that alar^e
i discietmu should be leposed in the Executive; but
; it. is the duty of Con^nsss to si e that no such ex-
i teut of povver is \et?t"d in the PiestJent, or any
one ( Ise, that that pow« r may bt u at!11 y used, as
all 'power is liable to l<" useu, to deleat the ends
for which it is given, to <ii!nei t instead of uphold-
ing the laws. And this question is not of the
individual character of the oilier, but of prmci-
i pie and policy. In w hat condition of our affairs
,! do we propose to laise this new atmyr
;j It I undeistoo-1 ughtlv' the chairman of the
ii Committee on Military Allans, my fttend from
i! New York, [Mr. Ot.iv,] \veha\e now in the field,
:i or rather we have upon the [my rolls of the Gov-
il eminent, a milium of while men of the Anglo-
II Saxon, Celtic, or German tacts. This, no man
'j can doubt, is a sufficient army for the purpose of
11 suppressing this rebellion, if this rebellion can be
I! subdm d by physical power alone. 1 do not say
how many of thus'* men are engaged to-day in
•I active service in face of the enemy. There are,
There are vast numbeis now on your pay rolls
we are told, very large desertions from the Army,
capable of service who are doing no service. But
that must be to a considerable extent the fault of
the administration of the Army. It is the pl.iin,
obvious duty of the Government to see that these
men who are on your pajr rolls and capable of
service are rendering that service. With a million
efficient men in the Army and at work, and with
our large and gallant Navy, if it is practicable to
conquer rebellion by arms, you have force ade-
quate for the purpose, as large a force as we can
hope to maintain and replenish without bank-
ruptcy.
We must look, Mr. Speaker, to the financial
aspect of this question, the question of ways and
means. I do not think the financial condition of
this country has been ti uly presented, or i ather, 1
should say, fully presented, for no gentleman, of
course, could desire to present it othei wise than
truly. If 1 understand the facts spread by the
gentlemen of the Committee of Ways and Means
before the country in the speeches made on this
floor, our national debt at the end of the next fis-
cal year will be at the least two thousand million
dollars. Py that debt is meant the liquidated debt
of the country. 1 call theattention of the House
to the fact that the unliquidated debt of this coun-
try, the debt for damages for the taking of prop-
erty and the destruction of propei ty by the mili-
tary power in the prosecution of the war, upon
any equitable or reasonable lule which this Con-
gress or any other Congress may adopt m its ad-
justment, may reach as high as live bundled mil-
lions more. That may be possibly too large an
estimate, but gentlemen will see at once that how
huge it may be and whether it reaches this limit
must depend on the rule which Congress shall
apply to the adjustment of those claims—now
widely the door is throw n open. If it is disposed
to adnnt not only all legal claims, but all claims
that arc equitable in the otdmary sense of that
word, and if we also include pensions, i think 1
do not state the case too strongly when I say it
would resich five hundied millions.
Do not fail to observe one other fact of our
financial condition; andthatis, thatwhen you get
the national debt of this countiy, liquidated and
unliquidated, you do not reach the whole mai low
of the thing. Your State, county, city, tow n, and
parish debts all over this country, taken together,
will make an aggregate approaching at least to
half of the liquidated national debt at the end of
the piesent fiscal year; and when you combine
these debts, the liquidated debt, the unliquidated
debt, the liability for pensions, the State, county,
city, and town debts, and'consider, nUo, how
much higher inteiest we arc paying than that paid
by any other people, the fact will stare you in the
faec that this nation at the end of the next fiscal
year will be moie heavily laden with debt than
any nation in Euiope.
Now, I make no complaint of this, Air. Speaker.
I would not withhold noi g've gtudgingly even
my labt dollar to the prosecution of tins righteous
war—righteous if prosecuted for theends for which
it was begun; the noblest war this country could
wage; comp.tied with which the Revolution itself
was not only on a small scale, but for ends less
Grand and momentous. 1 differ from some ot my
friends here sis to the nature and object of this war.
It is a pleasant thing to say this is a war foi lib-
erty. It sounds well; it soothes the ear; it stus the
blood; but it is not true. That is not the funda-
mental idea of this war. Liberty we have had,
and sometimes almost to license. The funda-
mental idea, the idea of highesi moral dignity m
the prosecution of this wai, is the upholding of
civil order and law and the Constitution, winch
is the nation's supreme law, its bond of unity, and
its breath of life; the noblest product of the hu-
man mind; the ftamewoik of an empire capable
of almost infinite expansion, in which o-utial
power was reconciled with local independent e;
the gentlest iestraiiH with the highest security;
the broadest equality with the firniLst oidei; the
amplest protection with the slightest burden. The
thought of to-day is not libt i ry ,as commonly un-
derstood—theabscnceof resttam—but the law in
which tiue liberty is unthioned and made possi-
ble.
I repeat. Mi. Speaker, I do not groan under the
burdens the country has been and will be called
to bear in the just prosecution of the war. it may
