1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
be—though that question is now one of history
only—it may be that by early mutual restraint
and by moderate counsels, the war might have
been averted. The war was not begun by this
Government. After the first shot at Sumter it
was a necessity of our being, an4 a war of self-de-
fense. I am yet in favor of vigorously prosecuting
the war until the ends for which it was instituted
are attained, or their attainment clearly seen to be
impossible. I am for prosecuting it by the use
of all just means and instruments, all means and
instruments which have the sanction of public
law as it has been tempered by civilization and
Christianity.
But to the money aspect of the question: the bill,
without disturbing: the present Army at all, with-
out diminution of its numbers, authorizes thcPres-
ident of the United States to enlist one hundred
thousand, or two hundted thousand, or three hun-
dred thousand men of African descent; and every
new man you put into your Army, according to
the estimates of intelligent gentlemen on the floor
of this House, costs you from seven hundred to a
thousand dol Lira, and if you raise one hundred and
fifty thousand men, as was proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania originally, you increase
your expenses from one hundred to one hundred
and fifty millions a year.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow me
a word. I understand him to say that this bill pro-
poses to raise an additional army without any
diminution in the number of the picsent Army.
Now the preamble to the bill which I introduced
stated expressly that it was upon the ground that
within a few months the terms of enlistment of
several hundred thousand of the troops now in
the field would expire; and this proposes to sup-
ply their places.
Mi. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That was
in the preamble of the original bill introduced by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but the bill
repoited as from the War Department and now
before the House has no such provision. The
authority vested in the President, according to his
construction of our statutes, is to raise an army of
a million of men. I do not complain of that con-
struction. There is no provision in this bill for the
diminution of that number; and that number is not
to be diminished, at any rate, until June next. 1
may add, a hill has been mtioduced in the other
end of tin' Capitol for the recruiting of this army
and supplvmg its losses.
Mi. Speaker, let me now turn to another fea-
ture of this bill, the term of enlistment. It pio-
vidcs for the enlistment of men for a petiod nt
five years. Why five yeais? 1 think there is
moie signifieince id that word "five5' in this bill
than in ail otiiei iroich written in if. Jts possi-
ble objects ,ue not written. Do you mean t > say
to the country that u is your expectation, your
reasonable expectation, and the basts on which
you propose to make enlistments foi yotu Aimy,
that this w.tr is to continue for a period of five
years longer' Do you mean to say to the coun-
try thai on the vast scale on which the wai is
now pi osocutrd , and at the expense, treasuie, and
life at which it is prosecuted, you expect to cany
it on for five yea is more ? If such be your expecta-
tion it is just and manly to say so. if such lie not
youi expectation j'i ay add nothing to the anxiety
and alaim of the people.
Mr. Speaker, if the object of this wai is icsto-
ration, that unolves a stale of things present
or future which will soon be developed and it-It.
A war for restoration proceeds upon the ground
that you wJl find in the rebel States as youi ai my
advances and piofection is made possible, men
who aie ready to rally again undei the blessed
flag of the Union and to return to their allegiance
to the national Government, if that feeling ex-
ists and is developed, certainly it will be devel-
oped befoie the lapse of five years; never, mdecd,
by this instrumentality, never. But if the object
of this war is not restoiatfon; if the purpose and
object of this war are—as is sometimes declaied
in the heated and brilliant rhetoric of gentlemen
on your left—subjugation, extet mmation, the re-
colomzation of the whole rebel territory, then
your teim of enlistment is altogether too slioit—
altogether too short.
If," Mi. Speaker, the object be extermination
there is not one of these pages, snatched piema-
turely from Jus mother's arms or uadle, who will
live to sec the end. You have been waging the
weir two yeais, and yet the number of inhabit-
ants in the rebel States to-day is larger than it was
when the war was begun. You cannot, probably,
if you would, and you would not if you could, carry
on a war with a fierceness and severity that would
destroy life as rapidly as it germinates. Men, in
war even, will marry and women be given in mar-
riage; children will be born to them, and their
mothers will hold them to their flowing breasts as
the stonn sweeps by. The angel of life will tri-
umph over the angel of death. Such is the blessed
economy of God. The extermination of eight
millions of people, with the use of all our power
and all our lesources, is a moral and physical im-
possibility. Of this war, if it is carried on for ex-
termination, neither you nor J, Mr. Speaker, may
hope to see Us close but m one way, to us the way
of deepest humiliation, the intervention of other
nations to stay its ravages. Who talks of a war
of extermination is simply mad.
1 pioceed, Air. Speaker, to a consideration of
the mulcnal of which you piopose to make up
this aimy. If I understand myself, I entertain
very little prejudice and no unkmdness toward
the colored race. 1 may believe, I do believe, as
maUer of fact, that in the sterner stuff they aie
an inferior race; in some of the gender qualities
our supcriois. And, m my judgment, the moral
condemnation of slavery is the sterner for that
fact. I have more respect, or rather less aversion,
for your Roman or Grecian slavery which sub-
dued equals to its sei vice, not infeiiois—not men
to whom nature had not given equal power of self-
seliance and of self-protection. But ( also believe
that, as society now exists, wheic these races are
brought together in numbers approaching equal-
ity, the relations that will exist between them icill
be, perhaps must he, to some extent, a relation of
dependence and pupilage tin the one pai i, and gov-
ernment and pioteetion on the other, but nut in-
voking net essai ily any feature of chattel slavei y.
Now, 1 do not enter into the ph ilosoph v of laces.
As a piacueal man J take and deal with things as
they are. Looking at the existing lelations in
different parts of the country between the two
races, i believe, after much reflection and eaieful
consideration, that, as a mattci ot wisdom, for the
good of both, and especially for the permanent
good of the colored race, we should not involve
that race in this war if we can fairly avoid it.
To some extent, and for valuable services, they
have been and will be used. Hut m the poli< y
of creating from them distinct and huge aimien
we shall lose more than we nam. They will light
by the --ide of their masters better than they wtli
against them. This may seem strange at fiist
blush, but the moie you study the Afiiean char-
a< ter the fitmer will be your conviction of its
soundness. The light winch oui histoiy gives
us is mainly of slaves fighting with their masters;
and the fact vviii be found to be, though not, of
t oui.se, without i ts except ions, I hat slaves are at-
tached and devoted to th< n mallei« and their fam-
ilies, and will stand by !h< in.
\ do not quest ion thai I hei e a re men o f color 111
this count! y capable of beaiing arms and making
good soldiers. Theie aie men ol talent and cul-
tuie among them. 1 have heaid a man of color
in this country address a polished assembly vviih
a beauty of style and loice of aigumt nt which
any gentleman on the flooi of this llou.se might
1m; colite nt to equal, w ha.li I should be glad to im-
itate. i3ut, Mr. Speaker, gieat questions of pub-
lic policy are not det< i nine d lightly on excep-
tional cases. They coiifn ni lalhei than impan the
rule. And no valuable judgment can be humid -j
as to the usefulness of a negi o ai tny of a bu ndi ed f
thousand men, from the Met 'hat a bundled men
here or fifty men time had been used m the mil- ^
itary servu e and had been usi d suec{ <sfu!ly. The ::
practical question is, taking one, two, or time !
hundicd thousand < ft sc,ip< d slavt liorn the ie!  1 ,
and border States, w hat soi t of matenal you have ;
for an armyeompaied with the j>resent material. :
My friend from New Yoi k [Mi Roscul: Conk- i
ling] has cans- d to be scad some remaiks of
Ah-xander Hamilton on tins subject. Theie is
no statesman in our histoiy for whom I have a
profounder lespect, but 1 ha\e no confidence in
tile views expiessed ,is to the jiroper niutei ia! of ;
an army as applied to the times m wlnoh we lut, j
or the puiposesfoi which the wans waged. '1 he
argument proceeds on the ground that the soldier j
is, to all practical mtentsand purposes, a machine. '
Mr. Speaker, the soldier of to-day is a thirfking,
or, if you will, a calculating machine. Your Army
in the*field,asthe history of this war will signally
illustrate, is valuable for your service just in the
degree that it is intelligent; just in the degree that
your soldiers are capablc of understanding and ap-
preciating the duty which they have to perform
and the fealty which they owe to the Government;
just in the degree that the man within inspires and
animates aiuhierves and presses onward the outer
man; just in the degree that he feels that this glo-
rious country and beneficent Government are his
country and his Government, the life estate to
him, the fee in his children. Suppose, for ex-
ample, (f hope my friend from Maine listening to
me will take no offense,) you get a regiment of
backwoodsmen of Maine, men mured to life in
Boreal airs, whose stalwart arms humble forests,
you would have an excellent regiment, because the
backwoodsmen of Maine aie thinking, intelligent
men, owning the count! y and loving it. Take an
equal number of young men from one of our cities,
of culture and spirit and pride, and you would
have at least as good soldiers. Nay, more, if you
were to take these two bodies of men, and cioss
with them theiioeky mountains, you would find
that the young men from the city of intelligence
and spirit would bear all the fatigues, privations,
and haidships as well as the stoutest woodsman;
" better," said to me one who had tried the ex-
periment—Captain Williams, ofthe Second Mas-
sachusetts regiment—one of the many noble offer-
ings Massachusetts has freely laid on the altar of
country.
Mr. Hamilton cites the authority of Frederick
of Prussia, a great soldier and loose talker; yet
we may concede that for many uses to which
atmies have been put, it were well to have them
as near to machines as possible—the nearer the
better. Stupidity might to some extent be com-
pensated by unthinking obedience to the will of
the commander. Such an army this country does
not seek and will not have. Create an army of
three hundred thousand men so stupid as to
understand nothing of the purpose for which the
war is prosecuted, obedient, but obedient only to
the will of a commander, mere " machines" in his
hands, and they may be the readiest instruments
to destroy what all good men are struggling to
preseive.
i.M>r one, Mr. Speaker, I do not object to the
enlistment of intelligent fiec men of color, though
1 doubt whether they seek it. I am a citizen of
a State which recogni7.es the substantial equality
of all men before the law. I love and honor her
for her fidelity to the cause of freedom, though I
may sometimes fear "she loves not wisely but
too well." I thank God there is not a man tread-
ing the soil of Massachusetts who is not in all
substantial legal rights my peer. The conned
man of Massachusetts is ns much a citizen of Mas-
sachusetts as I am. The question has been set-
tled fi om onr fit st constitution. Nothing is cleaier
as ma tter of princijile or of histoi y, nor iias (here
ever bt en any decision of the com is of the United
States that impairs his light.
But while I rej ice in the policy of Massachu-
setts towaid the coloied iac<   1 do not assume to
dn ect or control or curse the policy of othei co-
equal States. 1 am not unmindful ofthe foi lunate
eondit ion , as to the colored race, in w Inch the Revo-
luiion found vis. 1 am not blind to she. fact that
their numbeis weie so small as not to constitute
ptaciically a distui lung element. I am vi atefui for
t he ye things, but 1 am not sure that if a hal f or a
third of our population had been of Afncan de-
scent and our soil and its piotlucts and their la-
bor congenial, we should have been so much wiser
and belter than our neighbors; nor am 1 certain
that if we boideied on the slave Siaies and weie
expose^ to tin mc oming oflai ge numbeis of black
men we .should be so toh rant in oui policy, though
we ,->houki try to he ju^t.
[ do notfoim my judgment, from the relations
that exist between the white ami coloied races in
! Massachusetts, of those that must and should ex-
■ ist in States where the coloied men constitute a
; I a rife component part of the population; nor do I
■ form a judgment, from my knowledge of some re-
1 spectabio and intelligent colored people at home,
, what sot t of an army could be made op of the slave
population of the South. Congiesy must recog-
nize and act upon facts as they are, and no;as they
i would have them to be. and must make large
