652
allowance for (lie feelings and prejudices even of
the ]>rest;nt Army.
The friends of ihis measure lire very confident 
they are rather used to being confident—that these
black men, slaves or freed, will make good sol-
diers. ( cannot aver with certainty they will not,
but I can say we have no satisfactory evidence
that they will. I can say that they lack the intel-
ligence, the energy, and the self-reliance which
characterize so largely our present Army, and
which all men have conceded to be the strength
and effective power of that Army.
But suppose that the experiment you are to try
is not successful. Suppose you raise an army of
two or three hundred thousand men of Afucan
descent, cmd you find that the capacity is not in
them which free institutions have given to your
white soldiers, the spirit and habit of self-reliance
and self-possession: and I may remark in passing,
Mr. Speaker—1 suppose there is no man in this
House who has not lived long enough to have
learned it—that the great dillerence between men
in this wotld is the degree in which they possess
themselves of their own powers and r< sources, and
the great point of cull are is to bring all our powers
and discipline into such prompt obedience that
they will rally and form into line for service at the
first tap ofthedrum of our will. Suppose, [repeat,
that your experiment should fail, mid you have
this army of two or three hundred thousand black
men on your hands; what will you do with them '
If you have an army composed of the white citi-
* zens of the country, and tlie peiiod of their ser-
vice expires, they will return to the ordinary rela-
tions and avocations of life and business. They
will resume theij foi mer position m society. They
are soldiers (o-day; they are citizens to-morrow.
But an army of two or three hundred thousand
black men, freed slaves, to he disbanded, where
shall they go' To what place and condition are \
they to be returned? Of course not to slaveiy.
No man who has ever seived under our tlag, ;
whether for a day or for an hour, can be made !
again a slave. Where, then, shall they go ? Vou \
may be willing to colonize them; but they may j
prefer not to ho colonized. I wish some praeti- '
cal man, who is disposed to discuss these ques- ,
lions upon practical grounds, would tell me what j
disposition you would make of these men, if the ;
experiment fails, as fail I believe it will, or when
tbeir time ol service lias expired. I
Mr. Speaker, I have listened attentively to this '
debate. I thmlc I may claim the mei it, if 1 have no i
other,of being; a very patient listener, and it some- i
times requiiesn (.alienee wlueh Job himself would I
envy. l!u! everything aOeeting ever so remotely I
the destiny of the country is ,>f painful inteiest j
now. 1 have, with pleasure lot the most p:ut, !
listened to this di.m'iissioii. It has coihvi nod «reat i
principles of policy and of conduct in the allium- !
istiation ol'our aflans. But! deeply i eg ret to have
seen ihe spiiit of parly so olten invoked m tins j
debate. It has no place in the piescnce of these <
great penis and great duties. The utmost freedom i
of discussion and of counsel here and elsewheio 1
must be maintained. Principles are viiai; party
organizations or triumphs, individual hopes and
aspirations, nothing. That party will wear the
eiovrn which shall do most to save the life of this
nation, its unity, its libeity, its law. No party
can hope to tiiumph which is not faithful to these
great aims, except ihe triumph of its policy and
the ruin oi the oounuy ate ontenijioiaueous.
1 hetud with great t>oriow tie- thoughtful and
eloquent, speech ot the g"utletnan from Kansas;
but 1 heard it with no It was Imt carry-
ing out the principles hud down in his speech a
year ago to^their plainest, and most logical con-
clusion. 1 he principles were received with cor-
dial sympathy and warmest welcome by men who
ahiinlc liom the conclusion ay horn the abyss of"
despair. 1 ie and tin y rejected with scorn the old
union, any union, with .slave Statin. The only
altei nati\ iwei e revolution and permanent con-
quest of the entire South, or separation. The first •.
is lelt to he 11npossioIe. and the gentleman front I!
Kansas lugicaliy, and I have no doubt hon-stly, '
acctpts the alUrnasivc. But the gentleman can-
not foil to see that the question before the country
to-day is not s'-paiation or no, but dismtegiation
or no; thai the moment you sever the bond as to
one State, you sever it as to the whole. No man
can sav
wit- re'tl
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f !i
only safety has boon and is in clinging to the
Union as it was in fact and still is de jure—the
old Union, the blessed Union of our fathers.
It has been clear to me as the sun at midday
thai this was our only way of salvation; that every
way thatdiverged from this was the way to death.
This old Constitution trampled under men's feet
is the only dry land lifted above the surface of the
waters on which the ark of Union can be moored;
all else is the deluge. 1 beseech and adjure states-
men at either end of the Capitol, at either end of
the avenue, to continue no policy, to enter upon
none, which shall preclude restoration of the Union
with the rights and powers of the States unim-
paired,the only Union now within the reach of
hope.
I regret deeply some of the measures of the Ad-
:! ministration. 1 have earnestly, and with a depth
I! of conviction which could find no adequate uttei-
l: anoe, protested against them. The confiscation
hill, the proclamations of September 22 and 24
arid January 1, poweiiess for good, have been,
. and will bo, I fi-ar, fruitful only of evil.
11 The proclamation of September 22 is m conflict
!: with the august and sacred muniments of personal
11 security, to which for six centuries the Anglo-Sax-
| oii mind and heai t have clung us the gospel of civil
j i freedom. Every arrest made under it in the loyal
11 and peaceful States seems only to strengthen ihe
!j enemies of the Government, and lo wound and
j grieve itsli lends. If they tried to say amen to it,
I the amen would sti( k in their throats.' Pray hn it
i sleep " the sleep that knows no waking.'5
| 1'he proclamation of January 1 will do less
| good or harm than its friends hoped or opponents
I feaied. It is nut thus thai great wars are pros-
j ecuted or great ends accomplished. However
I kind may have been the motives of those who
j begat and conceived u, it was still-born, and no
| political galvanism can give to it the semblance of
' life. But though the Adminissti ation may adopt
j measuies my judgment comhmns, having at-
tempted to stay ilicm, and pioie.sfcd against them
I stand in the path oi duty. This is my country |
to serve, my Government to obey, my Constitu- ■
lion to icscue and sa\e, my Union, I
"VV hoc [ have t;nt aei ed up mv heatt, '
When- I lau-fine oi lu'iu no lite.1' j
Amid all the daikness, the thick darkness around !>
iw,( e!mg to the single, simple,sublime issue, the ;
Constitution, and the Union of which it is the
bond—-l.be old Union! God Metis the old Union, j
and the wrath of the Lamb ol God shisvel to their j
very sockets the arm.s lilted to destroy it, not m !
vengeance, but m mercy, to them and to all man- j
jJanuary 31,
the banks of the Chickahominy, seemed to ascribe
it to some indisposition 011 the part of the com-
mander of that army to employ negroes or con-
trabands in the laborious work of the camp I
have here a brief extract which I should like to
have read, from a letter of General McClellan's
on the subject. ' '
The Clerk read, as follows:
"There has been in Congress-, and out of Congress, avast
Amount of declamation and sentiment in rHation toovu col.
(hers bom? employed in menial set vice-;, in discing Moriches
and ail that soit of tiling, when negroes ouuSit' toliave be cm
employed m doins it. .Sir, that is a delusion. To ihe ut-
most extent tn which that could be done it ha- been done.
To show that that is <-o, let me read a letterthat I h.ude-
cently iceeived fioiu General McCieiian himself, and I t.ike
tins occasion liccnupe 1 would be glad to put 11 before the
eoimtrv, it is dated on the 1-Jth of Juiv, m which he pays:
"•' i perceive by the newspaper lupous of concessional
pi oeeeduig^ ih.it then"' licit, bmi cojibjcli'iabfe djj-eiiiMon on
'■ubjectof icqutntm military commanders to rcce.vmc-
gioi'f. -coking protection in thetrcainps jlU(| l0 employ them
in suitable iabo* connected with militaiv service. It may
be ucJ] enough f'>r the <«>ct to b\j made known that all no-
eiooH, male and lemulc, who have come into the camps of
the army of the Potomac, on the peninsula, have been pio-
tectea and set to work, at \vm (s, in pcriotiuing oliices
\\ inch would othei u have devolved upon our ?oldieis.
I he fciippl) of 11)o>e opwativesli^tlms far been insufficient
toi our wants.""
Mr. PENDL15T0N. Mr. Speaker, the original
bill, and the various substitutes for it, and all the
amendments except, indeed, the amendments of-
fered by thegentlcman fiom NcwYoiif, (\Mr. Dr-
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wick-
mm,,] and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Porteji,] however much they may differ in phiase-
ology or detail, agree in this, that they propose to
raise, organize, and arm a body of negroes, to be
received into the military service of the United
States. Most of them, I believe all of them, per-
mit, if they do not enjoin, and certainly contem-
plate, that this body of men shall be constituted
as well of slaves as of fiee negroes; of the slaves
ot loyal as well as of disloyal masters; and that
reclaming stations for the enlistment of these ne-
j| groes shall bo opened in the slaveholding as well
This eounti y of ours, this nation of ours, is the 1
grandest, Mjhlimest trust that was ever committed j
mto human hands. Pray the Father ofhghts we i
he faithful. My way oi dufv in one regard has !
been plain: having sworn tosnopoit the Consti- I
tutioii oi u'ic CJnUcd .States, 1 have .striven to keep I
the oath. The Vv.iy <>f obvious duty was m mv i
judgment the way, tlie only wny, of wisdom and :
.safety for the eoiiutiy. |
it was the piayer of New England's greatest ;
statesman that when his eyes wcie turned lor the
as in the non-siaveholding States. They all con-
templale that manumission will be granted to the
slave after he shall have enlisted. 8ome of them
provide that compensation shall be made to the
master who shall have remained loyal.
Now, sir, ot all the bills and substitutes I pre-
fer the original bill, introduced by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
>Ste\exs.] It is characteristic of him. It is plain,
direct^ and bold. It expresses plainly the mean-
ing of its author. It provides, in so many wotds,
for the enlistment of slaves, and the establishment
of reeruffmgdepots anywhere in any of tin- States.
It piomises freedom to all who shall enlisi, and
compensation to the masters who mavhe entitled
to it.^ It is not only characteristic of the gentle-
ma)) in Ihis, that it is frank and Ntrniglitfo?ward.
His also charade us tic of him m another t, sp.-et,
to which lie himself alluded the other dar: that
he is the forerunnerofhis portv—that lie is always
in :uh mice of im party fncni'U, bui tlin: In- finds
they sunn eoirm up to tin; positions wlii.:i; lir t,:kes.
TIm'sp bills have Keen prcsentrd and ur <'(! on
I , - , - - - —- 'i t',r llousu from variousconstdeiMtioHR. Tii.-'vara
las. tun.- to mdiold tlio sun of hedven, lie nnglit [j uigod as a nulitaiy ncce^sitv. We ai-> loiu'tbat
not see it siiuiin^ on tfie bt"ken and dishonoied ...
lf begins where it will end or
e division hoe wdl ultimately fall. Our
hagments of a once glorious Union. Have we
ever ie pea led to ourselves these woids, " once
glorious,i( oncc glorious Union Then with
teats irt us wash out, or with fire burn out the
word, and wiuo '\fo/cucr glorious," born out of
tnoulatam into a nobler life. Whoa our eyes
shall turn to behold for the last time the sun in
heaven, may we set* his rays kindling every star
and every stripe of that banner, which, like the
lobe of our divine Master, was woven without
seam.
if we save tins Union, generation afU r venera-
tion will use up to bless us. If we lose it thiough
divisions, tiinmgh paity stiifes, thiough supine-
nesc in m-i ivuig other ends, our memories wib rot
evcniii)r\
Mr. TRIMBLE advocated the measure. [Hi«
speech will be pubh>hed in the Ao]>endix.l
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the /loor.
Mr. UlDDLt:. Will the gentleman yield to
hi' for a mon;( m!?
Mr. PENDLETOX. Certaiuly.
Mr. J31DDLE. Tlie gentleman who last ad-
dressed the lloutvc, [Mr. Trimble,] m s-peaking
of the mortality which occurred m the army on
I the exigencies of the country now reijuiie ihcir
adoption. We are told that there is a greai hody
'j ot loyal men who only wait to be asked to enter
'' the set vice of the United States. Sir, 1 hc.  Irave
! to doubt the proposition. 1 have no cvidur'e of
;; ils truth. I do not believe that it is true, pie
'• experience of the country shows that it is not.
! The expenence of the Government in its experi-
| ment at Hilton Head, shows that these men nave
• no desu-e to enlist in the military service. I see
, by a statement in the papers to-day, that the rirst
i negro regiment ot Kansas was sworn into sesvice
j on the 12th day of thU month, and that aheady
; halt of them ha\e deserted. They wen. oifcred
freedom^ They were offered full pay. Tiiey were
; oftered lull bounty. Everything was do.fc'to agi-
fate —to use the phraseology of the member from
j fllmojs, [Mr. Lot ejov]—1lt this great ocean of
: loyal hearts.'' But we find that the storm lasted
' only until they were enlisted and organized, and
| leceived the advance payment of their bounty;
, then suddenly it subsided: and with eaeh leflacnt
"wave, a company of these loyal, war-loving ne-
, groes vanished from the rat.Ijs.
; Mr. CONWAY. Mr Speaker 
' Mr. PENDLETON. If I have misstated the
