APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3fan (Jong....3u Seas.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Since your last annual assembling another year
of health and bountiful harvests has passed. And
while it has not pleased the Almighty to bless us
with a return of peace, we can but press on, guided
by the best light He gives us, trusting that in His
own good time, and wise way, all will yet be well.
The correspondence touching foreign affairs
which has taken place during the last year is here-
with submitted, in virtual compliance with a re-
quest to that effect, made by the House of Rep-
resentatives near, the close of the last session of
Congress.
If the condition of our relations with other na-
tions is less gratifying than it has usually been
at former periods, it is certainly more satisfactory
than a nation so unhappily distracted as wc are
might reasonably have apprehended. Iri the month
of June last there were some grounds to expect
that the maritime Powers which, at the begin-
ning of our domestic difficulties, so unwisely and
unnecessarily, as we think, recognized the insur-
gents as a belligerent, would soon recede from that
position, which has proved only less injurious to
themselves than to our own country. But the
temporary reverses which afterwards befell the
national arms, and which were exaggerated by
our own disloyal citizens abroad, have hitherto
delayed that act of simple justice.
The civil war which has so radically changed,
for the moment, the occupations and habits of the
American people, has necessarily disturbed the
social condition, and affected very deeply the pros-
perity of the nations with which we have carried
on a commerce that has been steadily increasing
throughout a period of half a century. It has,
at the same time, excited political ambitions and
apprehensions which have produced a profound
agitation throughout the civilized world. In this
unusual agitation we have forborne from taking
pait in any controversy between foreign States,
and between parties or factions in such States. We
have attempted no propagandism, and acknowl-
edged no revolution; but we have left to every
nation the exclusive conduct and management of
its own affairs. Our struggle has been, of course,
contemplated by foreign nations with reference
less to its own merits than to its supposed and
often exaggerated effects and consequences result-
ing to those nations themselves. Nevertheless,
complaint on the part of this Government, even
if it were just, would certainly be unwise.
The treaty with Great Britain for the suppres-
sion of the slave trade has been put into operation
with a good prospect of complete success. It is
an occasion of special pleasure to acknowledge
that the execution of it, on the part of her Maj-
esty's Government, has been marked with a jeal-
ous respect for the authority of the United States,
and the rights of their moral and loyal citizens.
The convention with Hanover for the abolition
New Series—No. 1.
of the stade dues has been carried into full effect,
under the act of Congress for that purpose.
A blockade of three thousand miles of sea-coast
could not be established and vigorously enforced
in a season of great commercial activity like the
present without committing occasional mistakes,
and inflicting unintentional injuries upon foreign
nations and their subjects.
A civil war occurring in a country where for-
eigners reside and carry on trade under treaty
stipulations, is necessarily fruitful of complaints
of the violation of neutral rights. All such col-
lisions tend to excite misapprehensions, and pos-
sibly to produce mutual reclamations between
nations which have a common interest in preserv-
ing pcace and friendship. In clear cases of these
kinds I have, so far as possible, heard and re-
dressed complaints which have been presented by
friendly Powers. There is still, however, a large
and an augmenting number of doubtful cases upon
which the Government is unable to agree with the
Governments whose protection is demanded by
the claimants. There are, moreover, many cases
in which the United States, or their citizens, suf- j
fer wrongs from the naval or military authorities ;
of foreign nations, which the Governments of1
those States are not at once prepared to redress, i
I have proposed to some of the foreign States thus j
interested mutual conventions to examine i :
adjust such complaints. This proposition had j
been made especially to Great Britain, to France, j
to Spain,and to Prussia. Ineach case it has been >
kindly received, but has not yet been formally !
adopted. j
I deem it ray duty to recommend an appropri- :
ation in behalf of the owners of the Norwegian ;
bark Admiral P. Tordenskiold, which vessel was, '
in May, 186], prevented by the commander of j
the blockading force off Charleston fiom leaving ,
that port with cargo, notwithstanding a similar :
privilege had, shortly before, been granted to an j
English vessel. I have directed the Secretary of i
State to cause the papers in the case to be com- !
municated to the proper committees. j
Applications have been made to me by many j
free Americans of African descent to favor their ■
emigration, with a view to such colonization as •
was contemplated in recent acts of Congress.
Other parties, at home and abroad—some from in-
terested motives, others upon patriotic considera-
tions, and still others influenced by philanthropic
sentiments—have suggested similar measures;
while, on the other hand, several of the Spanish-
American republics have protested against the
sending of such colonies to their respective ter-
ritories Under these circumstances, I have de-
clined to move any such colony to any State,
without first obtaining the consent of its Govern-
ment, with an agreement on its part to receive
and protect such emigrants in all the rights of
freemen; and I have, at the same time, offered to
the several States situated within the tropics, or
having colonies there, to negotiate with them,
subject to the advice and consent of the Senate,
to favor the voluntary emigration of persons of
that class to their respective territories, upon con-
ditions which shall be equal, just, and humane.
Liberia and Iiayti are, as yet, the only countries
to "which colonists of African descent from here
could go with certainty of being received and
adopted as citizens; and I regret to say such per-
sons contemplating colonization do not seem so
willing to migrate to those countries as to some
others, nor so willing as I think their interest de-
mands. I believe, however, opinion among them
in this respect is improving, and that ere long"
there will be an augmented and considerable mi-
gration to both these countries from the United
States.
The new commercial treaty between the United
States and the Sultan of Turkey has been carried
into execution.
A commercial and consular treaty has been
negotiated, subject to the Senate's consent, with
Liberia; and a similar negotiation is now pending
with the republic of Hayti. A considerable im-
provement of the national commerce is expected
to result from these measures.
Our relations with Great Britain, France, Spain,
Portugal, Russia, Prussia, Denmark, Sweden,
Austria, the Netherlands, Italy, Rome, and the
other European States, remain undisturbed. Very
favorable relations also continue to be maintained
with Turkey, Morocco, China, and Japan.
During the last year there has not only been no
change of our previous relations with the inde-
pendent States of our own continent, but more
friendly sentiments than have heretofore existed
are believed to be entertained by these neighbors,
whose safety and progress are so intimately con-
nected with our own. This statement especially
applies to Mexico, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Hon-
duras, Peru, and Chili.
The commission under the convention with the
republic of New Granada closed its session with-
out having audited and passed upon all the claims
which were submitted to it. A proposition is
pending to revive the convention, that it may be
able to do more complete justice. The joint com-
mission between the United States and the re-
public of Costa Rica has completed its labors and
submitted its report.
I have favored the project for connecting the
United States with Europe by an Atlantic tele-
graph, and a similar project to extend the tele-
graph from San Francisco, to connect by a Pacific
telegraph with the line which is being extended
across the Russian empire.
The Territories of the United States, with un-
important exceptions, have remained undisturbed
by the civil war; and they are exhibiting such
evidence of prosperity as justifies an expectation
thst some of them will soon be in a condition to
be organized as States, and be constitutionally
admitted into the Federal Union.
Theimmense mineral resourcesofsome of those
Territories ought to be developed as rapidly as
possible. Every step in that direction would have
a tendency to improve the revenues of the Gov-
ernment, and diminish the burdens of the people.
11 is worthy of ynur serious consideration whether
some extraordinary measures to promote that end
cannot be adopted. The means which suggests
itself as most likely to be effective, is a scien-
tific exploration of the mineral regions in those
Territories, with a view to the publication of its
