1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jects as the case may prove of a common coun-
try, ultimately to embrace the continent; that our
children may live either- the conquerors of those
who have rebelled against the people of this coun-
try, or as the conquered; unwilling though we may
be to accept the issue, it is fuiced upon us; we
must win the dominion of the rebel States, or Jef-
ferson Davis and his successors will win the do-
minion of the free North. Should our manhood
fail us, or our God abandon us to our own mis-
erable divisions,and through these the eight mil-
lions of the South shall overpower and conquer
the eighteen millions of the North, they will have
earned the dominion, as we will have deserved
the enslavement. Tiiey have drawn the sword to
achieve this i ule; if tiiev can asset t their 1 ight to
rule by the strong hand, in God's name let them
enjoy it until out children or children's children,
trained m the hard school of adversity, ennobled
by aspiiutious which (heir fathers forgot, and im-
pelled by the traditions of the past, shall again
draw the sword and fight out the fight which we
have shirked.
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Trimble]
commented on the unexampled forbearance with
which we have con due. ted this war, and questioned
whether the honest warlike feeling of hate pos-
sessed the northern mind; he speaks not for me.
I could not respect myself if I did not hate those
in arms against us, or those who aid and abet
them in their treason. I own candidly that i hate
mine enemy, and I expect his hatred in return;
with God 's help, [ so desire to live as to deserve it.
Believing that I know the nature and spirit of
the oligarchy who are contending for such great
dominion, it is a satisfaction to believe, should ihe
evil day come upon the North, that the lash of the
returned master will fall less heavily upon those
who have contended with him openly, manfully,
and stubbornly; that his contempt and vengeance
will fall heaviest upon the recreant Democracy
who cheated him with false promises, and duped
him with assurances of northern aid; while we
may be honoted by his hate, we will be spared
his contempt; while the ultra Republican may win
his respect, the crouching Democrat will be lashed
as the tetui ned fugitive, lecovoted by no conven-
ient law, but reclaimed by the red right hand of
open war as captives chained to the triumphal car
of the victorious slaveholder Do you northern
mechanics and woikers expect that you will be
allowed places of trust, honor, or emolument'
Never, never.
Mr. Speaker, in the discussions which have
taken place on this bill no point lias excited more
bitter opposition than the power granted therein
to the Piesidentto commission colored men as
ofiicers of the negro regiments propositi to be
raised by it. "While Democracy, as.i bodv, has
seized upon it to excite hostilu y of the country and
Army to a wise and necessaiy act of wat, gen-
tlemen on this side of the Chamber, earnest sup-
porters of all war measures,and advocates of the
present bill, see 111 this feature of the bill a sei ions
objection, and have set forth the evil influence of
allowing the negro to aspire to a commission, Inn
also ex pi ess a feui that the presence of the < oh u ed
soldier in the same regiment will tend to demor-
alize the Army. iVioie has been conceded on this
point than J for one am willing fo yield.
In the bill before us we propose to laise one
hundred and lift7 leirimmts of black soldiers to
fight the battles of a common country, endangered
by a common enemy, but we say to these men,
hot a man of the one hundred and fifty thousand
-shall rise from the ranks. Now, this is all wi ong,
and nothing but a wicked piejudice engendered
of slavery can justify it. In the sptut of " fair
play," winch lules our lace, which forms the
ring, gives man to man (white or black) all the
vhnnces which belong to him, forbids the foul
blow, and scorns to strike a fallen foe; in that
r>pmt which demands < qual teims in every con-
test between man and his fellow-man, i ask you
to reconsider your action on this matter ot com-
missioning brave and deserving coloied soldiers.
By the terms of tins bill, it is held that we deem
these troops necessary to the prosecution of the
war 111 the hot, unhealthy legions in which it may
be carried on during the coming summer. It is
admitted on all hands that it is necessary in some
way to detach the slaves from the service of their
rebel masters. Gentlemen on the other side ad-
mit that under the stern exigencies of war we
may use thorn as laboreis,as hewers of wood and
drawers of water; (objecting; only that we pay
them wages for their labor;) you admit that wq
may place the ax to hew and the shovel in their
hands to delve in the dark earth and clear ob-
structions from our path. We but ask to sub-
stitute the sword and bayonet to hew and dig
through the living bai ners which rebellion raises
in our path. Now, 1 desire to make these men
efficient in the service which we may require at
their hands. The gentleman from New York
[iVlr. Diven] agrees to make him a soldier; to share
equally the exposure, privation, and danger of
the " sun-sc.orched parapet or to swab or point the
heated gun," but he would with hold the stimulus
of prefeiment and deny Ins equality as a man.
The g<ntieman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn*] would
recognize in him qualities of a common soldier,
and accept his aid to shield and save a dear son's
life 011 the battle-field, but he would not have him
in the same regiment. For the work contem-
plated 111 this bill we need soldieis; ay, sir, good
so id iei s, to aid us in beating thefoethat hasproved
worthy of our best manhood on so many hotly-
contesti d fields; we want men of strength,courage,
and endurance, men full of manhood, well armed
ami organized, stimulated by the high aspiiation
of freedom to possess and en joy, freedom to con-
tend on equal terms with the tortunate and favored
white, for the honors of the bloody field, for the
prizes of heioic action; all ilns will be needed to
enable the black to keep pace with the heroic am-
bitious soldiers of the Republic.
We are assured by those who speak as by au-
thontythat the negro is base, degraded,and cow-
ardly, without aspiration, and incapable of disci-
pline and mi Ut ai y traminjr. f f this be in any degree
true, it behooves us who look for service from
them to ask by what pmcess can we convertsueh
1 mi promising material to the use we ask ? Surely,
| to work this miracle you will not commence by
I placing the hateful had^e " nigger'' on his hat-
j band; tie the right hand oi honest endeavor by
; denying his manhood; paiaiyze ali noble effort by
shutting out eveiv chance ot preferment, thus
I tnkingfrom his poor " knapsack the marshal's
: baton" which beckoned Napoleon's heiocs over
, the bloody fields of Europe; msultcommon sense
■ and equity by enactments chaining him to his
| lowly field of danger and death; even deny him
j the hope of a home for his old ago on the land
which he has reclaimed from nature by the sweat
of his brow, and won back to our possession by
the red blood of his heart; holdmghim as an alien
ami an outcast in his native land. 1 laving done
j this, I cannot place an edgeless sword 111 his hand,
! a^k him to go up to the batile-field and asseit his
: (quality with the white, and chaige to his race's
internally any shortcomings which maybe de-
tected
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wads-
vvortiiJ was quick to detect the position in which
we placed ourselves, and lashed us foi dodging the
logical conclusions ofoitr own measures, and held
that we could cruelly ask the black to bieast the
' hell storm of war with us, whilst we shrink from
| the odium of shai ing the common danger \v ith the
1 "niggYr." To this, irenth men, I will say that I
j acknowledge the logical deduction ot our acts;
j and should it be in stoic for out humiliation that
■ some one of this despised lace, using above and
j superior to the awful disabilities of las lace, shall
] plant thatstairy banner over the captuied capita!
1 of rebejlion, I will hold him in higher honor than
f anygeneial who, having had the opportunity, has
:j failed in ilie enlei pi ise. And fui ther, that i shall
j| and do hold the poorest black man who sheds
!i Ins blood in our country's battle, as moie my
'I brother than the highest and haughtiest aristocrat
jj who plots this nation's humiliation by intngius
■ | for truce or peace with aimed tiaitors, or who
j; seeks its destruction by aid and comfoit to the
!i lebei.
'1 Mr. MAJLLOitY. I do not desire to say anv-
il thing ni teference to what has been said by the
■ j gentleman fiom Petmsy l\ aim; but I interrupt hnu
i| m oidei to mqune of tie- nth man from L\ nn-
1 j sylvan in, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
1 and Means, [Mr. J or, it he is not pres-
I ent, of any gentleman bauug the information,
1 whether it is proposed to press this question to a
j vote to-day ?
| Mr. COX. I spoke to the gentleman from Penn-
s sylvama,the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, a short time since, and he told-roe-he
did not intend to press a vote to-day. ' - - --
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I so understood him to say.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was distinctly stated yes-
terday that there was no agreement upon that sub-
ject.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means distinctly stated yes-
terday that if he could got the floor to call the pre-
vious question upon the subject to-day, he would
do so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to state
this morning, and not an hour ago, that he would
press this question to a vote to-day. He may sub-
sequently have arrived at a different conclusion;
but that was my opinion from what Ire said.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I understand, has left the
Hall with the purpose of allowing this discussion
to go on through the day, with the expectation
that there would be a vote taken early on Monday
morning.
Mr. DAVIS. No loyal soldier of this Repub-
lic will see cause for betraying his country, be-
cause the freed man of the South shares his dan-
ger, muses him inhissickness,bcaishim wounded
fiom the field, or stands the deadly picket-guard
for him. No brave man, in the rattling of musketry
and the roar of great guns, will stop to mark the
color of the brave fellow who triunps step for step
by his side as they press onward to the deadly
breach. The bond of a common object and the
tie of a common danger would bid him say, " if
you can mountthaUampart before I can, the honor
is yours; if fortune favors you to strike down
that rebel leader or to capture that geneial, the
honor is yours; if you can reach that flaunting
lag of secession before me, it is yoms, ihe glory,
the honor,and the re waul." What white man but
might blush to wear the stiaps won by the good
conduct of that comrade? I know whereof I
speak, that this prejudice against the race is not
insurmountable, save in the brain of those who
foster the feeling for evil purposes. In our Navy
five thousand sailors are scattered among white
men, and 110 evil consequences follow. That the
gentlemen of the bolder States may know the
stave better than I do, I freely admit; but, in my
simple experiences of lite, I have, peihaps, read
some pages of Aft ican chaiacier which is strange
to them.' On board a New England whale ship
1 have seen the African m command of white men;
and for sftme ycats 1 was under command of ft
black officer, and it was admitted by all on board
the good ship Chelsea, of New London, that of
, officeis of equal rank, llarry Ilrnton was the
j bravest and ablest. Side by side, through scenes
of deadly peril, we passed together; and though
the faces of some white men became whiter, and
their teeth chattered m the danger, Harry never
blenched. Pie, at least, was not a cowjaid; nor
do I for an instant think that gentlemen are in
earnest when they assert the cowaidice of the
1 are. If the black be cowardly, wherefore the
ci uel death penalty to guard and pi elect the white
man fiom the blow of the black; and though the
slave knows that life is the cost of the act, how
often, in the seclusion of the plantation, isolated
from all sympathy, no witness who can testify
to the provocation, no eye to witness the heroism,
with nothing but their own manhood to support
them, how often has the poor slaveieturned blow
for blow, and died asserting his claim to manhood.
No, sir, although ice may so think, southern gen-
tlemen know the black is no coward. That the
black has hopes and aspirations beyond the sphere
in which ho moves, is evmci.d m the laws forbid-
ding his education, and the regulations which
bruit social intercouise or other means of devel-
opment.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Diye.y]
says if you place the shoulder strap on the ne-
gro, be right suie he will be as proud of it as
any other man, and meeting a whim uilieer his
equal 1 n t ank, at h.-adquat tr r.s, would < xpect to be
treated as an equal, and would exact the respect
accoided to the insignia with which he w is deco-
rated. Weil, sir, this simpiy indicates that lie has
the material of which a soldier may be made, a
proper self-respect, the feelings of a man, and the
assertion of his office.
The black soldiers of which we would make this
army may furnish the material for a captain, a
