THE CONGBESSIOMT GLOBE
tmmilAk
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, "W ARTTTNGTliKT It) j
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1863.
New SEiOtes.'...;£C<js.-<
bil!, that this House was never engaged in a more
useless, idle, and mischievous discussion than has
employed it for the last two days. And why?
Simply because ifthisbill passes, the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army would have no more author-
ity and no more power upon the subject than he
already had under existing laws adopted without
debate, controversy, or discussion, by the almost
universal consentof this House at its last session.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I beg to
suggest to the gentleman from New York that
the provisions of existing law, to which he refers,
were adopted on the report of a committee of con-
ference, on which the previous question was de-
manded, and no opportunity afforded for discus-
sion or examination. There were gentlemen who
saw this feature of the bill at the time, and weie op-
posed to it, but no opportunity was afforded them
to place on record their objections. I saw them,
and, thank God, I voted against the whole bill.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman may be correct,
and unquestionably is, in reference to one of these
statutes, but the same provision is also contained
in another statute. I wish to call the attention of
the House to the provisions of two several bills
passed at the last session of Congress, both ap-
proved on the J7th of July, I860. I ask the Clcik
to read the eleventh section of the "Act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of reb-
els, and for other purposes."
The Clerk read, as follows:
li Sec. 11. And be it fuithcr enacted, That the President of
the United States is authorized to employ as mauv persons
of African descent as he may deem properfor the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, and (or this put pose he may organize
and u^e them in such manner as he may judge best lor the
public welfare."
Mr. OLIN". Now, sir, I wish to make this
observation in refeience to that section. There
is a power, full and plenary, to enlist, organize,
and officer, as the President may see fit, any num-
ber of colored persons that may enlist in the ser-
vice. And what docs that imply ? It implies that
he may provide all sucfi military, regulations as
he deems necessary to complete that organization,
including the appointment of officers to command
such organizations. I now ask the Clerk to read
from the other law to which I have referred, the
44 Act to amend the act entitled 'An act calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions,' ap-
proved February 28, 1795, and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, and for other purposes."
The Clerk read the twelfth and fifteenth sec-
tions of the act, as follows:
" Sec. 12. Jlnd he it jhither enacted, That the Pre°ident
be, and lie is hereby, authorized to receive into the sei vice
of the United States, lor the purpose of constructing in-
tienclnnents, or performing camp service, or any other
laboi, or any military or naval semce for which they may
be found competent, persona of Afucan descent, and such
persons shall be enrolled and oi«anized undersell regula-
tions, not inconsistent with the Constitution and law.., as
the President may pre:-cnbe."
"Sec. 15. Jlnd b^e it further enacted, That all persons who
have bren or shall be heroaiter unrolled in the «civico of
the United States undci this act <-h.ill ic^eivc the pay and
rations now allowed by law to soldier, according to their
respective grades: Provided, Tlhit person* ot Atrican du-
  scent, who under tins law shall be employed,shall leceive
ten dollars per month and one ration, three dollars of which
monthly pay may be in clothing."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York if that law does not refer to free
negroes and not to slaves? Was not that dis-
tinctly understood ?
Mr. OLIN. i know of no such understanding
here or elsewhere. And it is impossible, in the face
of the statutes I have quoted, there should have
been such understanding as the gentleman speaks
of. The statute is so plain that he who runs may
read and understand.
I trust now, Mr. Speaker, the House will see
how little occasion there was for this controversy;
how«little occasion there has been for this debate
and ill-feeling; how little occasion there .has been
for sending ojh speeches to the country, to be read
by every solcuer m your Army, asking him to con-
sider himself disgraced, humiliated,and insulted,
42
because of the Government employing in the land
awd naval service colored persons. 1 ask gentle-
men to consider for a moment, in view of the stat-
utes I have quoted, how little occasion there has
been for all this controversy, all this angry debate,
all these disgraceful proceedings in this iiouse in
connection with this bill.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. If there is -no occasion
for this proceeding, if it is all provided for by law,
1 ask the gentleman what occasion there was for
the other side of the House pressing the measure
at all ?
Mr. OLIN. I believe there would have been no
occasion for it if the House had sent the bill to the
Military Committee for examination.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. If it is all provided
for by existing law, what induced the introduc-
tion of the hill at all ?
Mr. OLIN. I can say in reply,I suppose the
fact to be that the gentleman who introduced this
biU was not entirely familiar with the existing
laws upon this subject, or at least had not care-
fully consideted their full scope and legal effect,
and that is a reason why all mutters of importance
should go through the ordinary channels of legis-
lation.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. The answer is highly
complimentary to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. OLIN. Just as complimentary to him as
to you, young man; for he evidently could not
have known less upon this subject than you.
[Laughter.] Now,it has been said hue, in advo-
cacy of this measure, that the Secretary of War
and the heads of other Departments of the Gov-
ernment believed it to be necessary and asked for
its passage. I am incline d to think that statement
is true. I am also inclined to think that neither
the Secretary of War nor the President nor any
one who advised the adoption of this bill was fully
aware of the existing legislation upon the sub-
ject. Nor is it strange. I should like to know
what man is thoroughly familiar with all the pro-
visions of all the aTits in reference to military mat-
ters alone, we have passed during the last eighteen
months. Look, I pray you, at the great number
tmd variety of the acts of this Congress, and con-
sider the importance of the provisions they con-
tain. I venture to say that there have been more
important acts passed by the present Congress—
whether wise or unwise I will not affirm, but
deeply affecting the most vital interests—than have
been passed in a quaiter of a century before.
It is therefore not at all surprising; that the
Secretary of War or the members of this House
should be ignorant of many of our enactments,
especially if we consider the way m which many
legal enactments have recently been made. A great
many bills have become law, with sections here
and there injected mfo them by way of amend-
ments m the course of their passage, and which
really have no relation or lelevancy to the sub-
ject-matter of the bill, and aie as much out of
place, as the devil would be in the kingdom of
heaven. [Laughter.] So that we are compelled,
before being able to affirm what is or what is not
the law, to wade patiently through the statute
book; we must make a complete revision of the
whole body of laws before we can tell whatisthe
existing law upon any subject of legislation for
the last twelve months. 1 do not speak of this
by way of complaint. Perhaps it was to agreat
extent unavoidable in the excited condition of the
Iiouse and country. A vast amount of labor
was thrown upon this House, at a time when
the House was least able to perform that labor
well and wisely.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I stated on a former occa-
sion that this bill should have my support; and
at the time I so stated, I expressed my belief that
this bill m no essential feature of it changes the
provisions of existing law, except in one import- j
ant particular. The bill introduced by the chair- !
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. j
Stevens] provides that the negroes who may be j
thus enlisted in the Army should* be paid the or- :
dinary rate of wages and bounties allowed to the i
white soldiers. Some member says that J pais?
taken in that. ' *
A Member. It says, no more., ; ' '
Mr. OLIN. That amounts to the same; Tk$
bill leaves to no tribunal to determine how muci
less the colored soldier should be paid lhahilie
white soldier,and under such aprovision liecoujl
justly be paid no less. He will, therefore, be paia
the same as the white soldier. Under the exist;
ing law the colored soldier is paid ten dollars per
month. The existing law has, in my judgment,
this merit over the proposed law: it gives full and
plenary power to the War Department to raise,
arm, equip, and officer as many of these colored
people as the public exigency may seem to re-
quire, leaving all matters pioperly of detail %r
military regulation to the PrcsidentfUo be gov-
erned by circumstances. The existing law leaves
these details to the President, to act as in his judg-
ment should become necessary to carry out the
objects which the law was enacted to secur'e.
It will thus be seen, sir, that there was no occa-
sion for the introduction of* this bill, and, of course,
no necessity for this excited, heated, and parti-
san debate, which could only arise upon a prop-
osition to repeal the various provisions of law I
have quoted, and which were enacted at the last
session of this Cong^Rss. But whatever I may
say upon this subject is doubtless entitled to but
little consideration from this House. I beg, how-
ever, to suggest that hereafter, when the House
thinks a subject worthy of consideration at all,
whether it is not boih wise and prudent to refer
such subject to the legitimate committee, and sub-
ject it to the ordinary safeguards thrown around
legislation in this House. If the House shall
profit by these few days of experience, some-
thing will have been gained, and it will hereafter
refer to the appropriate committee the business
which legitimately belongs to it, and hold such
committee to a just responsibility for the proper
discharge of its duties.
One or two considerations have been urged in
support of this bill, which, in my judgment, are
of no weight, and would be ludicrously absurd if
not urged by a gentleman for whose opinions I en-
tertain great respect. It is said that this bill is
necessai y in order to place the colored soldier upon
the same footing with white soldiers with respect
to their treatment as prisonets of war. How do
the provisions of this bill, in that respect, alter the
existing law ? Does it accomplish, or propose to
accomplish, anything on that subject which is not
accomplished by the existing law ? Certainly not.
If they are enrolled as soldiers in the military ser-
vice of the United States, is not the Government
bound by every piinciple of law, and by every
principle of honor,to protect them a3soldiers? Cer-
tainly no one can deny that. The fact of receiving
and enrolling them as soldiers in the military ser-
vice of the United States, obligates the Govern-
ment so to treat them as to insure to them the rights
of combatants. The pietext, therefore, that this
law is necessary to secure to the colored soldier
any right he would not have under the existing
law, is absurd, if it did not come from a gentleman
[Mr. Uin'cham] fur whom 1 have a high respect.
The pretense is idle that this bill will accomplish
any change in the existing law on that subject.
This bill does not provide that every person of
African descent, hereafter accepted into the mili-
tary service, shall, when taken captive, be treated
as a prisoner of war. And if it did, would that
impose any additional obligation upon the United
States beyond what would grow out of the exist-
ing law? If the Government receives into its ser-
vice any person, white or black, and as & soldier
m the Army, can it be doubted that from that mo-
ment he is entitled to all the rights of a soldier, and
that the good faith and whole power of the Gov-
ernment are pledged to secure to him those rights?
On the other hand, would any act of Congress on
this subject impose upon our rebel enemies any
obligation to treat the colored soldier,when taken
captive, as a prisoner of war? They deny and
abhor your authority.
There is an objection urged against this bilhin
