i860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
> army by a general conscription, when the supply
of volunteers was exhausted; and woe to the re-
eusant, be he State governor, military leader, sen-
ator, representative, 01* person of lower degree,
who crossed the counsels of this relentless cabal.
It does notaffect the correctness of these views
that, 111 one way and another, they lmve drawn
large numbers to their active and efficient sup-
port, and have impelled whole communities, if
not States, to submit to theirauthority,as a power
they could neither escape nor successfully resist.
There still remains behind'all, controlling all, the
same combination of bold, bad men, whose only
sway is the bayonets wielded by soldiers, most
of whom would, but dare not, turn them against
their masters. • 
I have thought proper to dwell upon this fea-
ture of the rebellion as one that seems not gen-
erally understood by northern men. Hence the
natural error into which some of them fall, of
supposing that inasmuch as slavery is somehow
the cause of the rebellion, the abolishment of sla-
very will end it. It is because I wish to see an end
brought to the rebellion, and not that I wish to
interpose a plea is behalf of slavery that I take
occasion to correct what I conceive to be erro-
neous. The rebel leaders are contending for em-
pire, for dominion over territory, and over white
men. To accomplish their purpose they would
either emancipate or put to death every slave
•within their lines, just as the one course pr the
other would avail thorn the more. Hopes are en-
tertained on the one hand, and fears expressed on
the other, that the slaves will make insurrection,
-end so enter as an element into the present strife.
Hopes and fears are alike groundless. The utter
helplessness of the slave population, unorganized,
unarmed, unaccustomed to the use of arms,gentle
and non-combatant by nature, will always pre-
vent any serious attempts at violence upon the
white race. And even if they were made, the
fate of the recent uprising of the fierce and war-
like Indians upon the scattered settlers of the
northwest frontier is instructive of the conse-
quences. What the life of an insurgent slave
would be worth m the hands of men who burn
cotton, who burn towns, and who imprison and
hang white men without remorse, the slaves un-
derstand just as well as anybody else. It is be-
cause I believe, on my conscience, that a decree
for the abolition of slavery at this time will tend
neither to end the rebellion nor to benefit the
slave, that I have taken occasion to express regret
at what I regard as a useless waste of effort—
useless, if not worse, as furnishing the rebel
leaders a stimulus to " reinvigorate" their move-
ments, while it adds not a soldier to our armies,
distracts the loyal States by reopening an end-
less controversy, and gives to our foreign enemies
occasion still further to revile and disparage us.
Every well-informed person must know that as
long as the slave remains 111 proximity to his
master he will be compelled to labor for him, 110
matter what decretal orders may issue to the con-
trary. The eai'ly policy of seizing all able-bodied
slaves of rebels as fast as they come within our
lines,and holding them as " contraband of war,"
is all that can be practically effected, and if car-
ried out with rigorous impartiality would not fail
of important results.
Another error 011 the part of some of our north-
ern friends, caused by a failuic adequately to ap-
preciate the controlling influence of the rebellion,
1 consists in supposing that our troubles may be
composed and the contest adjusted by compro-
mise. Let me again repeat that the object of the
rebel leaders is empire, dominion over a territory
and a people that they can govern, and as inci-
dent to that,the destruction of the nation, whereof
you are a part, and which on the 4th of July next
will want but thirteen years to have lived a cen-
tury. They mean the death of the nation; you
mean its life. There is nothing to compromise.
Our side or the other must wholly fail. The nation
must either live or die. They know perfectly
well th'at for them safety lies only in success.
Short of that, no matter what compromise you
make, nor what acts of amnesty you pass, if the
Federal Union still survives under the Constitu-
tion of our fathers, they are ruined, driven into
obscurity and their names clothed with infamy.
Hence they, through all their organs, spurn the
idea of ever living more with you under the same
Government. Though you should humble your-
selves in terms the most abject, even going to them
barefoot, with your arms pinioned and halters
about your necks, they would not receive you
into the crowd of their vassals. All your sug-
gestions of an armistice and reconciliation only in-
tensify their expressions of scorn and loathing.
Says one of their organs:
" Wiiile the North begins to see the folly and impossi-
bility ot attempting to conquer the South, they are not yet
ready to grant our just demands. They hope still to chain
us by some specious compromise to the coipse of the old
: Union. We would not reunite with them if they would,
j one and all, consent to occupy the same position of degra-
! dation which they aimed to rivet on us. We would not con-
i sent to lu/ld the northern States even as provinces."—Rich-
| mond Enquirer, January 6.
I Another indulges in these words:
; u If the whole Yanheeracc should fall down inthe dust to-
I moi row and pray us to be their masters, we would spurn them
I even as slaves. "YVe are aware that many persons believe
i that the party of which Brooks and Van Buren are repre-
sentative*, desire and design to restore peace. We do not
| believe they are in favor ot any such thing. They would
i like peace on condition of our returning to the Union, and
! they aie fools enough to believe that a majority of the peo-
. pie in the confederacy are in favor of reunion. Theyiook
j only to their pockets when they talk of reconciliation and
! restoration. Anything but tli.it. English colonization,
: French vassalage, Ru-^ian serfdom—all, all are preferable
j to any association with the Yankees."—Richmond Dis-
patch, January 10.
A third varies the language:
" We have committed many errors in our treatment of the
Yankees. Not the least has been m regarding them as
something better than they really are. They are by nature
menials, and fitted only for menial duties. They are in open
and flagrant insurrection against their natural lords undma%-
lcri-y the gentlemen of the South. In the eveicise of their
assumed privileges they deport themselves with all the ex-
travagant airs, the insolence, the cruelty, the cowardice,
and love of lupine which have evei characterized the re-
volt of «l:ive«. The former leniency of their masters only
serves to aggravate the ferocity of their natuics. When
they are again reduced to subjection, and taught to know
their place, we mint take care to put such tiammeU about
them that they will never have an opportunity to play these
tricks again."— Richmond Whig.
Mr. William L. Yancey, in a recent address to
the Legislature of Alabama, declares—
'• There is, (n my opinion, as much hope in the northern
abolitionist* as in the noithcin Demoeiacy."
A declaration which will notsurprise gentlemen
who met him in the Charleston convention.
Davis, their chieftain, in a late speech in Rich-
mond, asks:
"For what aie they waging war? They say to preserve
the Union. Can they preserve the Union by destroying the
social existence ol'a poitlon of the South? Do they hope
to reconstruct the Union by striking at everything which is
dear to men? By showing themselves m> utterly disgraced
that, if the question was pioposod to von whether you would
combine with hyentH or Yankees, [ trust every Virginian
would say,c give me the hyenas.'55
This, bear in-mind, is Raid of your brothers and
sons, whom he characterizes as "the offscour-
ings of the earth," and whose career, especially
in northern Mississippi, he asserts has been
marked by " every crime conceivable, from the
burning of defenseless towns to the stealing of sil-
ver forks and spoons."
In this spirit are spurned all your approaches,
which serve only to degrade your manhood in the
eyes of the very men you are so anxious to pacify.
They hate you already. Take care, I pray, that
you do not cause them to despise you.
Away, then, with all thoughts of peace by com-
promise or conciliation with the leading spirits of
ihis'parricidal war. It is utterly impossible, as
you will find out in the end. During the last ses-
sion they served in Congress they professed to be
in favor of what was known as the Crittenden
compromise. It was only because they believed
it would be rejected by northern men, and thus
give them another theme upon which to " fire the
southern heart and instruct the southern mind,"
preparatory to precipitating the country into rev-
olution. Had it received the support of northern
Senators and members, they would have derided
it as many of the same men did the compromise
measures of 1850. A little more sagacity and less
incredulity m some quarters would have exposed
on their part the basest duplicity. But the adop-
tion of these measures would not have appeased
the enemies of the Government, though it would,
unquestionably, have strengthened its friends.
It is impossible not to be amused at the sim-
plicity of a New York politician, writing to one
of the chief conspirators, as early as January,
1861. He says;
"I think South Carolina committed a grave error when
she raised the Palmetto flag, to the exclusion of the stars
and stripes. And erred, too, when she fired on tba
latter from beneath the folds of the former. This was very
impolitic. For God's sake, let the acceding States cling
to the Constitution, cling to the national flag, and declare
to the world that it is lor the integrity of the former and
the honor of the latter that they are found with arms in
their hands. By doing this they will divide the North
against itself, and succeed with tenfold ease. And so,
whenever they seize a fort or arsenal, let the old flag still
float from its summit—let it be asserted that those forts,
&c., were erected for the defense of the States in which
they stand, and that upon the citizens of these States,
whose interests and lives are imperiled, should devolve
the post of honor in the hour of danger; and that it is to
save the honor of the flag, and secure the rights of the peo-
ple fyom the treasonable assertions of abolitionists, pos-
session has been taken of Federal fortifications.
" Let the South be disci cet, and she has nothing to fear.
Let it be rung out tlnough the land, however, that she asks
her constitutional rights only—security in the possession
of property, equal and exact rights in all other respects.
Let her sons not jeopardize the safety oj their northern
allies by committing wrongs or excesses
There are hundreds through the North who,
like this zealous partisan and ally of" the South,"
imagined that the rebellion originated in some
right denied or endangered, or in some wrong
suffered or apprehended, and who,like him,dep-
recate the "impolitic" course of their "southern
brethren." It is difficult to resist the conviction
that such persons have far more sympathy with
the rebels in arms against the nation's life, than
with those southern men who from the beginning
have withstood them, and exposed their nefarious
schemes. If not, whence their greater solicitude
for the constitutional rights of rebels, their aiders
and abettors, than for the lives, even, of loyal
southern men; for the traitors in Fort Warren
than for the Unionists in Castle Thunder or the
inmates of the prison at Salisbury, where, accord-
ing to Governor Vance, " the tracks of the ac-
cused all tend in one direction, and the light of
old English liberty is never seen?". Whether
they are actuated by love for a cause headed by
former political friends, or by hatred of the Gov-
ernment administered for the time being by their
political enemies, is a point that possibly they
would find it difficult to decide. One thing ap-
pears manifest, that they have accepted' the oft-
repeated assertions of the rebel leaders, that there
is in the South no considerable element hostile to
their movement.
Ate they correct, then, in this estimate of sym-
pathy and opinion ? If so, their schemes of per-
sonal ambition are vain. For if the entire south-
ern population were, like the small cabal of rebel
leaders, bent on the disruption of the country and
the dismemberment of this confederacy of States,
a war would follow of such duration, that their
northern sympathizers, aiders, and abettors,would
be laid aside long before its close. The truth is,
there lurks at the bottom of their conduct a,con-
viction that the Union will be maintained, if not
a determination that it shall be. Hence their eye
upon the coming future, when it is supposed that
those chief plotters will return to their vacant seats
and wield their former power. That future neither
your eyes nor mine will ever see. The South,
redeemed and disinthralled from the despotism
that so long has weighed like nightmare upon it,
will resume its ancient place beneath the flag. But
woe to the men who by falsehood and treachery
and base corruption have, betrayed it into war and
its consequent horrors. Their day of power in the
Government is past. Other men of nobler mold
and fairer name will succeed to the places they so
foully betrayed. They will sink deeper than ever
plummet sounded, dragging with them all who,
either from guilty sympathy or interested hope,
shall cling to their skirts. Truth, and her sister
Vengeance, go hand m hand.
They greatly err who suppose the revolted dis-
trict to contain none,oi few, but rebels. Let such
consider how few new names have turned up there
during these times of commotion. A few party
hacks and broken-down politicians have been re-
stored to a short galvanic life, to be swept back
to the vile dust from whence they sprung. But,
for the most part, they are the same spirits that
for the last ten years have, by the mere force of
partisan drill, taken the control of southern poli-
tics. Occasionally agood man, from good motives,
has joined them, only to suffer the mortification
of being neither respected nor trusted.
More than once have I called the attention of
the House, as well as of the other departments
of the Government and of the country, to my own
constituents and their neighbors, as an instance
of popular iove for the ancient Union in the very
