1M2.1
APPBFDIX TO TILE G'ON'GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate '& Ho. of Rem.
-is the suspension of the courts in the lusurrec-
•tionary States.
It Has .been the practice heretofore in -many of
the districts to summon a much larger number of
•jurors than was necessary to transact the busi-
ness. Congress has provided the mode of select-
ing jurors, but has placed no limit upon the num-
ber.
In order to lessen the unnecessary expenses
thus created, an order was issued by this Depart-
ment, directing the marshals to limit their esti-
mates for jurors to eighteen grand and twerity-
.four petit jurors, which are believed to be sufficient
for the transaction of the ordinary business of the
courts.
The marshals in most of the districts have read-
ily conformed to this order, and a large saving of
expense has been the result. In a few of the dis-
tricts the courts have denied the power of the De-
partment to limit the number of jurors, and have
instructed the marshals to summon a larger num-
ber than the regulation contemplates.
There is a constant tendency to increase the
expenses of the courts, which can only be cheeked
by vigilance on the part of those upon whom
the law has devolved the duty of auditing the ac-
counts. An unlimited power to summon jurors
is subject to abuse, and should not be allowed to
exist. To remedy the evil, it is recommended
that Congress shall limit the number to be sum-
moned to attend any term of the court to eighteen
grand and twenty-four petit jurors, unless the
Secretary of the Interior shall, upon the applica-
tion of the district attorney, for special reasons,
authorize a larger number.
A saving in the expense of keeping prisoners
convicted of a violation of the laws of the United
States may be made by conferring upon the Sec-
retary of the Interior the power to designate the
prisons in which they shall be confined. Under
the existing law the court is required to sentence
prisoners to confinement in the State penitentiary
of the district in which the conviction occurs.
No limitation is placed upon the prices to be paid
for subsistence, and the Government is compelled
to pay whatever the officers of the prison may
see proper to charge. In many of the States there
are prisons controlled by cities or counties, in
every respect equal to the State penitentiaries,
and in which the prisoners arc profitably em-
ployed in mechanical labor. If the power should
be given to the Secretary of the Interior to con-
tract for the keeping of United States prisoners
in any suitable prison in the State, competition
would be excited, and alarge reduction would be
made of the present, rates of subsistence.
A large expense for keeping prisoners is created
in the Teiritories from the want of suitable pris-
ons. Guards are employed to prevent their es-
cape, and frequently as much as four dollars a
day is paid for guarding a single prisoner during
the whole term of his imprisonment. This ex-
pense may be obviated by authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to direct that United States
prisoners convicted in a Territory in which there
is no suitable prison be sent for confinement to a
penitentiary in one of the nearest States.
During the last session of Congress there was
considerable discussion upon the propriety of
changing the law fixing the compensation of dis-
trict attorneys. As the question was not finally
disposed of, I have deemed it proper to presenta
statement of the compensation received from the
Government by those officers during the fiscal
year ending June 30,1862, as far as the same can
be shown by the record of the settlement of their
accounts:
California, northern district, tlie compensation of the dis-
triet attorney for the last half of 1861 was .§1,870 00
No settlement has been made for the first half of
1S62, but, supporting his fees to be equal to the
preceding six months, his compensation for the
year was  0.710 00
California, southern dimict, returned only from
February 4, 1862, at $1,050; whole amount es-
timated '   2,500 00
Colorado  ),J
Connecticut    836 53
Columbia, District of, fir>t half of 1862, .*2,075;
last half estimated at same, making  4.550 00
Dakota Territoiy  560 49
Delaware, last half of 18fil,$130; estimated at
same for fiist half of 1862  200 00
Florida, northern district  1,111 10
Illinois^ northern district  2,055 00
Illinois, southern district    2,320 65
Indiana .....$1,934 00
Iowa *  1,188 00
Kansas  1,807 33
Kentucky  589 80
Maine       2,673 00
Maryland  3,791 12
Massachusetts  4,7-40 40
Michigan  2,549 65
Minnesota  1,413 40
Mif-soun, eastern district, for last half of 1861,
$1,049 90: estimate same for fiist half of 1862.. 2,099 92
Missouri, western district  171 44
Nebraska Territory    760 00
Nevada Territoiy, last half of 1861, §"578; esti-
mate same for first half of 186-2  1,156 00
New Hampshire  444 51
New Jersey  929 2U
New Vork, iMiihcrn district, whole amount of
fees. $8,9u0 68. from which aio paid assistants
and office expense*-, leaving  6,000 00
New York, souther n district, gross fees $18,407 33.
The attorney's salaiy is fixed by law at  6,000 00
Ohio, northern distuct  1,877 69
Ohio, southern district  2,320 01
Penn«\lvaiua, eastern district, last half of 1861,
"',761 26; estimate same lor first halfot'1862,
makit
3,523 52
Pennsylvania, western district  L776 23
Rhode f si and  '879 00
Vermont  183 40
Virginia, western district    1,807 61
Washington Territory  2,043 00
Wisconsin  882 50
The fee bill of 1853 allows to district attorneys
in civil suits tried by a jury a counsel fee not ex-
ceeding thirty dollars. No provision is made for
the allowance of a similar fee in criminal cases,
and it is recommended that the law be so amended
as to authorize such allowance to be made upon
a certificate of the judge before whom the cause
is tried. Criminal cases frequently consume sev-
eral days in the trials, and no compensation is
allowed to the district attorney under existing
laws except a docket fee of twenty dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The report of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings exhibits in detail the condition of the build-
ings and grounds under his charge.
The large number of sick and wounded soldiers
demanding attention at this point rendered it ne-
cessary, in the judgment of the Surgeon General,
to occupy the Capitol as a hospital during a por-
tion of the time since the adjournment of Congress,
and it was taken possession of for that purpose
by order of the War Department.
More than the ordinary expenditures for clean-
ing and repairs have been rendered necessary by
this occupation of the building.
The outside painting of the old Capitol, author-
ized by Congress at its last session, has been com-
pleted, and has greatly improved its appearance.
The army bakery which had been erected in the
basement has been removed.
Any appropriation of the Capitol to military
uses must necessarily cause injury to the building
and defacement of the expensive decorations by
which it is ornamented. I respectfully suggest
that Congress should provide by law against its
future occupation for any other than the purposes
for which it was crected.
The Long Bridge over the Potomac river has
been used as a railroad bridge during the past
year, and has been kept in repair by the War De-
partment at a very great expense. The structure
is too weak to sustain the weight of heavy trains,
and has several times given way under their pres-
sure. The ordinary travel over the bridge has
been entirely suspended by a recent order of the
War Department, to the great inconvenience of the
community.
To obviate these difficulties, the Alexandria,
Washington, and Georgetown Railroad Company
propose to construct a new bridge by the side of,
and connected with, the present structure, to be
occupied exclusively by the railroad track. The
construction of such an additional bridge, while
it would increase the capacity of the road to facili- ;
tate the transportation required by the Govern- I
menty would greatly piornote the convenience of j
the public by leaving the old bridge open for ordi-
nary travel.
if is desirable that Congress shall, as early as
possible, authorize the company to construct the 1
additional bridge proposed.
The road from the Navy-yard Bridge to the In-
sane Asylum needs additional repairs. The ex-
tensive injury to this road, caused by Government
transportation, has rendered necessary a larger
expenditure than that authorized by Con^rassfqr
the repair of this and another road leading i>o6i
the bridge.
A new jail and penitentiary are much uee&eif.
These may be constructed together at much less
cost than would be required to construct them
he northern portion of the Patent Office build-
ing remains unfinished. The estimated cost of
completing it is $60,000, and an appropriation for
that purpose is recommended. This would com-
plete the construction of the building.
CAPITOL EXTENSION AND THE NEW DOME.
By a joint resolution of Congress, approved
A pril 16,1862, this .Department was charged with
the supervision of the Capitol extension and the
erection of the new dome. The prosecution of
these works had been suspended since the 15th of
May, 1861. The joint resolution provided that
no money theretofore appropriated should be ex-
pended on the Capitol, except so much as was
necessary to protect the building from injury by
the elements and to complete the dome.
To carry out the intention of Congress, it-was
deemed aavisable to prosecute the work on the
two eastern entrances of the Capitol extension, for
the purpose of affording, at as early a day as pos-
sible, permanent protection to the eastern front,
and the extensive foundations that had been laid
for the steps and cheek blocks; to complete the
porticoes of the connecting corridors, so that the
roofing might be speedily finished, and thus re-
move a prolific source of deterioration to the
building; to afford such temporary protection to
the upper surfaces of the exposed walls of the
building as might be found to be expedient, in
view of the length of time that would necessarily
elapse before the work could be completed; and
to finish the granite steps of the basement.
The work has been steadily prosecuted in ac-
cordance with this plan. The porticoes of the
two eastern corridors have been finished, and it is
expected that those on the western front will be
completed and the roof laid over them before the
close of the season. Themassiveentrances to the
eastern porticoes are more than half completed;
the steps of the western arcades aie finished, and
the temporary protection to the exposed walls of
the building, recommended by the architect, has
been afforded.
The amount of available appropriation, when
the work was resumed under the supervision of
this Department, was $356,107 24. Of this there
has been expended, up to October 31, 1862, the
sum of $99,099 09,leaving an unexpended balance
of $257,008 15. Tiixs sum wiil be sufficient to
continue the woik until the close of the present
fiscal year. An appropriation of $500,000 will be
necessary for the next fiscal year.
The aggregate amountof ail the appropriations
made for the Capitol extension is $6,283,623 74.
It is estimated by the architect that additional ap-
propriations, to the amount of $600,000, will be
required to complete the work. This will make
the entire cost of the Capitol extension, when
completed, $6,883,621 74.
NEW DOME.
The work on the new iron dome has progressed
with great rapidity. The principal frame of the
structure is now completed; the ribs of the cupola
have been put in place, and the workmen are en-
gaged in setting the plates which constitute the
outer covering, all of which will be finished before
the close of the year. This will leave nothing to
be done to complete the exterior but the con-
struction of the tholus, or lantern, upon the top
of which is to be placed the statue of Freedom,
which is intended as the crowning feature of the
dome, and the placing of the ornaments on the
upper windows and around the spring of the
cupola.
The present height of the iron work above the
basement iloor of the Capitol is 215 feet, and the
height of the portion yet to he constructed, in-
cluding the crowning statue, is 71 feet 3 inches,
making the entire elevation, when completed,
286 feet 3 inches.
The original estimate of the cost of the dome
was $945,000. The whole amount appropriated
by Congress up to the present time, is $700,000.
The expenditures, from the commencement of the
