10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 29,
37 th Cong.... 3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
work to the suspension, ia May, 1861, were
$561,140 79, and since the resumption of the
work, under the supervision of this Department,
to October 31, 1862,$56,867 49, making an aggre-
gate of $618,008 28, leaving a balance of appro-
priation, at that date, of $81,991 72.
*■ It is estimated that an additional appropriation
of $200,000 will be necessary for the completion
of the work. This will make the aggregate cost
$900,000, being $45,000 less than the original
estimate.
POTOMAC WATER WORKS.
On the 15th of July last the supervision of this
work was transferred from the War Department
to this Department, under the authority of a joint
resolution of Congress. The work was sus-
pended in the spring of 1861, and was not resumed
until after its transfer to this Department. Since
that time the work has been in progress, and it
is estimated that it may be completed by the 1st
of July, 1863.
The supply of water, at present, is obtained
from Rock crcek, and is found to be entirely in-
adequate to the demands of the public buildings
and the wants of the citizens. During the ex-
treme dry weather of the present fall it has been
necessary to observe the strictest economy in the
use of the water, and to suspend the high service
supply of Georgetown. A full supply of water
cannot be obtained until the connection with the
Potomac river shall be completed. When this
shall be effected an abundant supply of pure and
wholesome water will be furnished, sufficient to
meet all the demands of the public buildings and
thecitizcns ofWashington and Georgetown, with
any amount of population those cities are likely
to acquire.
The aggregate amount of appropriations here-
tofore made for the work is $2,900,000. There
had been expended, previous to the transfer of the
work to this Department, $2,675,832 53, leaving
a balance of $221,167 '17. Of this sum there was
expended, under the direction of this Department,
prior to October 1,1862, $9,215 80. The balance
then remaining on hand of $214,951 67 is esti-
mated to be sufficient to complete the work, so
far as to procure a full supply of water from the
Potomac, sufficient to meet every requisition.
It is proposed by the engineer in charge of the
work to construct a dam from the Maryland shore
to Conn's island, in the middle ofthe river, omit-
ting for the present the construction of that part of
the dam embraced in the plan of General Meigs,
which was designed to connect the island with the
Virginia bank ofthe river. The dam oil the Mary-
land side of the island, it is believed, will supply
the conduit with sufficient water to meet the largest
demands ofthe community for many years.
Should an additional supply he hereafter re-
quireditcan be obtained by the construction ofthe
dam on the other side of the island, according to
the original plan. All the work, which will be done
under the direction of W. II. Mutton, Esq., the
present engineer, will be in accordance with the
plans of General Meigs, which have received the
sanction of Congress.
An appropriation of $10,000 will bo required
for superintendence and repairs of the aqueduct
during the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1861.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The public printing during the last year has
been much greater than during any preceding
year. This increase has been occasioned not only
by the unusual quantity ordered by Congress at
the last session, but by the immense number of
blanks required by the War and Navy Depart-
ments, ami by the new Bureau of Internal Rev-
enue.
The Government printing office has been man-
aged with the utmost regard to economy practi- i
cable; and the cost of the printing to the Govern- j
ment has been the pay of the workmen employed 1
and the cost of the materials used, thus saving !
the large profits heretofoie made !>y the public '
printer under the former system of doing the pub- j
lie work. 1
The report of the Superintendent of Public I
Printing, giving in detail the amount of printing !
done, will show that the interest of the Govern- '
ment has been greatly promoted by the adoption j
of the present mode of executing it. I
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
This important work has been completed in a
substantial manner, and is now in successful op-
eration. The several branches of the road were
completed and putin operation within the periods
designated by Congress. The advantages antici-
pated from the construction of the road have been
fully realized, and the large number of passengers
with which the cars are daily thronged furnish
ample evidence of their appreciation by the com-
munity. The railroad company is required to
keep in repair eighteen feet of Pennsylvania ave-
nue. The remainder of the street, relieved of the
heavy omnibuses, when put in good order, can
be kept in repair for much less than the amount
heretofore expended for that purpose.
HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE.
The duties devolved upon this institution have
been discharged during the past year with great
fidelity and success.
On the 30th of June, 1861, there were under
treatment 180 patients—108 males and 72 females.
During the year ending June 30,1862, there have
been admitted, from the Army, 139; from the
Navy, 15; from civil life, 18 males and 12 females,
and from the Soldiers' Home, 1—making a total
of 185.
The number of patients discharged during the
year was: recovered, 95 males and 8 females;
improved, 15 males and 1 female; died, 24 males
and 10 females—making a total of 153.
There remained in the institution Junc30,I862:
from the Army, 75; from the Navy, 15; from civil
life, 56 males and 65 females, and one from the
Soldiers' Home—making a total of 212.
During the past year important improvements
have been made for the introduction of water to
the building, which have costabout $3,000. The
superintendent has completed these improvements
from the ordinary funds, without asking any
special appi opriation.
The constantly increasing number of patients
in this institution will require increased appropri-
ations for their support. The benefits conferred
upon that unfortunate class of the community
who have such strortg claims upon the sympathy
and benevolence of the country, as well as the
excellent management of the institution, should
commend it to the favorable consideration of Con-
gress.
For more specific information reference is made
to the accompanying report of Dr. Nichols, the
superintendent.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB
AND THE BLIND.
The number of pupils in this institution on the
1st of July, 1861, was 35. During the last fiscal
year (> were received and 3 withdrew, leaving on
the ist of July, 1862, 38.
The new building, for which an appropriation
was made by Congress at its last session, is now
rapidly approaching completion. The directors
request an appropriation to furnish the building
with £ns and heating apparatus. Estimates for
these improvements will be found in the accom-
panying reports. They are much needed, and are
commended to the favorable consideration of Con-
gress.
Some additional facilities are desired by the
directors for the instruction of the pupils in the
mcchanical arts, and also an appropriation for the
extension of the grounds connected with the insti-
tution. The propriety of making the appropria-
tions requested must be determined by Congress.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
The police force consists of 1 superintendent,
10 sergeants, and 150 patrolmen; 121are on duty
in the city of Washington, ]9 in Georgetown,
and 20 in the county of Washington; 139 are on
.foot, and 2] are mounted.
The population of the District of Columbia, as
shown by the census of 1860, is 75,080. The large
numberof transientresidents in theDistrictduring
the past year has swelled the population, during
that period, to near, if not quite, 100,000.
The present policc force is inadequate to the
complete protection of so large a population, es-
pecially at a time when so many causes exist tend-
ing to breaches of the peace and violation of law.
The police board of commissioners recommend
an increase of the number to 300. For the rea-
sons in detail upon which this recommendation is
based, reference is made to the report of.the' board
accompanying this report.
The board of police earnestly recommend an
increase of salaries. The present compensation
is, for the sergeants,$600, and for the patrolmen,
$480 per annum. This is below the rate of com-
pensation paid other officers of the Government
whose duties are less laborious and responsible
than those of the police.
The police of the Capitol receive $1,100, mes-
sengers in the several Departments, $840, assist-
ant messengers, $700, and the watch men and labor-
ers of the Departments, $600 per annum.
The propriety of increasing the compensation,
as recommended by the board, must be submit-
ted to the judgment of Congress.
An act of the last session of Congress author-
ized the police board to designate magistrates in
the several wards, before whom offenders should
betaken for examination and trial. No provision
was made for the payment of the magistrates thus
designated; and as the fees which they may be
able to collect do not constitute an adequate com-
pensation for the duties imposed, they decline
their performance, and thus the object of the law
has wholly failed.
The present mode of trying criminals for petty
offenses is very defective, and is attended with
great expense. In most of the cases the magis-
trates have no final jurisdiction, and can only
commit the offenders for trial by the criminal
court. If the defendants are unable to procure
bail they are committed to jail, and subsisted at
the expense of the Government until their cases
can be finally decided. A grand jury, as well as
a petit jury, must then pass upon them, involving
great expense and delay in disposing of trivial
cases, which should be determined in a summary
manner.
These evils might be removed and the expense
of the administration of the criminal laws greatly
diminished by the creation of a police court for
the District of Columbia, consisting of a single
judge, and having final jurisdiction of all offenses
of a less grade than felony. The court should be
kept open every day except Sundays, and such
other days as are not devoted to public business.
Courts of this character have been found neces-
sary in all the large cities of the States, and might
be introduced here with great benefit to the peace
of the District and economy to the Government.
This subject is recommended to the attention of
Congress.
PENITENTIARY.
Since the adjourn ment of Congress the accumu-
lation of arms and ammunition at the arsenal in
this city rendered additionalbuildings indispensa-
ble for their preservation. Upon the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of War, an order was made
by thePresident, on the 19th day of September last,
to remove the prisoners and surrender the peniten-
tiary buildings to the War Department, to bo used
as an arsenal. In compliance with this order I
made arrangements with Amos Pilsbury, Esq.,
superintendent of a penitentiary at Albany, in the
State of New York, to receive the prisoners and
subsist them until the cxpiiation of their several
terms of service, or until Congress shall make
some provision for their confinement elsewhere.
In accordance with this arrangement the pris-
oners were carried in a transport vessel furnished
by the War Department directly from Washing-
ton to Albany, and were safely delivered into the
custody of the warden.
Since the prisoners were sent to Albany, Dr.
, John B. Blake, one of the inspectors of the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, by my re-
ij quest visited Albany for the purpose of making
: a personal examination of the prison, and the
| condition of the prisoners. He reported that the
j prison was well adapted to the purpose for which
i it was constructed, and was admirably conducted.
| He says: " The most striking feature of the es-
j tablishment is the entire cleanliness of every de-
i partment, and of the convicts themselves. On
! entering the workshops the impression is pro-
| duced that they are neat manufacturing establish-
! ments filled with industrious artisans who are
working for wages, instead of from compulsion,
I and as a punishment.
