1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60S
is considering the question between immediate and
prospective emancipation, and that one of her
Representatives, not a Republican, has introduced
here and urged the passage of a bill to aid his
people in the accomplishment of tliat object; while
from Kentucky, rebellion has been ignominiously
driven,and by none more resolutely than her own
valiant soldiery under the lead of officers whose
heroism has shed increased luster upon our mar-
tial renown. And, more, every effort to recover
that goodly and coveted land has but served to
develop more clearly the abiding purpose of her
people to uphold theirGovernraent and sustain its
constituted authorities, even should a policy be
pursued which they cannot wholly approve, or
against which they may deem it their duty vig-
orously to protest. We all remember how, a few
days ago, we were thrilled by the fiery words of
one of the most eloquent of their Representatives,
[Mr. Wadswortii,] as he certainly is one of the
most gallant of their sons; when asked if the late
reclamation would take his State out of the
nion, he replied:
'• It will not take lior out of the Union. No, by St. Paul!
She cannot he taken out of the Union by secession and
abolition combined."
ft
One year ago, both Tennessee and Arkansas
were regarded as the center and keystone of the
new dominion,and Nashville aspired to the honor
of being the capital. Now in eaeli of these Stales
rebellion is struggling to maintain even a foothold.
Mississippi, whose traitors, next to those of South
Carolina, were the most arrogant and supercil-
ious, and whose soldiers assumed to taunt their
Tennessee comrades as cowards, finds her own
soil trodden by the contemned " Yankees," and
the tide of battle sweeping over h' r. They who
less than two years ago defiantly planted batter-
ies upon the great river to check the descent ot
western commerce, are now in n life and death
struggle to prevent being driven from it altogether.
That mighty stream, which one year ago, from
Cairo to the Gulf, was mare clausum to our fleets,
its shores frowning with battelies, deemed im-
pregnable, at Columbus, New Mad rid, Island No.
10, Randolph, and Memphis, and its mouth de-
fended by powerful fortresses, is now opened,
both downwards and upwards, for hundiedsof
miles, with powerful military and naval prepara-
tions to complete the deliverance. The great marts
of trade and centers of manufacturing industry,
New Orleans, Memphis, and Nashville, with their
armories, foundenes, and arsenals, to say nothing
of a multitude of smaller cities and towns, have
been restored to their true allegiance; and, thanks
to Johnson and Butler and Sherman, their loyal
peoples have been leheved and protected, and ail
others reduced to order and obediencc to the laws,
even if they cannot be said to be " clothed and
in their right mind." The rebel press, once so
defiant, intolerant, and denunciatory towards all
who ventured to express a disbelief in the wisdom
or the virtue of their leaders, and to pi otest against
the villainous schemes which, then as now, they
knew would clothe the people with sorrow and
bring them to shame, is reduced to a few daily
issues at Richmond, with here and there an echo
from the interior—
" Vaunting aloud, bur racked with deep despair/1
"While one year ago the rebellion, by one means
and another, had collected ships and boats enough,
naval and commeicial, to be ol much service to it
and a great annoyance to us, they now have but
here and there a single bottom afloat, unless we
count the Bntish pirates buccaneeiing upon our
own and English commerce under their unrecog-
nized flag.
One year ago the belief was confidently ex-
pressed, if not really entertained, that foreign
Powers, moved by the adhesive qualities of cot-
ton, and stimulated by a desiie to annihilate the
great political rival of the western continent,
would intervene, to stay the conflict and to com-
plete the destruction of our nation,that rebellion
had attempted, and so far without success. Now
the rebel chieftain is reputed as addressing his
credulous followers, at Jackson, Mississippi, in
this wise:
"We had a right to expect recognition long since, but it
has not come, and my advice js, * Put not your faith m
princes, nor rest your hopi>< upon fort-ign nations.'
After the many servile adulations of England,
her rulers and people, degrading to the very name
of an American, in which certain secession writers
have indulged, to the extent even of claiming kin-
dred on the scorcof their pecuHar vernacular, it is
instructive, almost amusing to find from the same
writers such bitter and infuriate paragraphs as
these:
" There can be no doubl that those who dhect the policy
of England ^ecroilv rejoice in the fact that the late United
State* aie anayed against each other iu a bitter strife, liter-
ally threatening the complete annihilation of each other,
thus relieving her of a powerful rival of whom &he lived in
continued dread."
" If it were possible that the old United States could be
restored—an event forever beyond the pale of possibility—
the English Government would find a wholesome and in-
tense hatred for them, both North and South, which was
only equaled by that which their brutality inspired in the
breasts of our grandfathera."
The fox, as he retired 'from the unattainable
grapes, was a philosopher; these unsatisfied seek-
ers are bawds, frantic that their offers of prostitu-
tion present no temptation to the debauchee, whose
favor they have tried in vain to solicit.
I forbear to go behind the pageant of officials
into the walks of private life,and especiallyamong
the masses of the people, once contented as they
were unaspiring, and unfold the pictures of wretch-
edness and woe painted above every lintel in the
South, and repeat the complaints and bitter ex-
ecrations of the men who have, wrought this ruin
upon them and their country—curses u not loud,
but deep." The scene is too horrible to contem-
plate—misery unalloyed, anguish without relief,
agony without hope, except in the dismal quiet
of the grave.
Occasionally  ft view is obtained into the ranks
of their soldiery, showing what the bayonets some-
times think. A letter dated at Richmond, in Au-
gust last, and fouiuRm the battle-field of South
Mountain, thus deplores the writer's lot,and more
than insinuates the agencies that involved him:
'■ I do hope this war will ioou stop, and a compromise
be made,so i h.u we can all come homo. 1 would, thNday,
Ctve half the southern contedeiaov, it ! owned u, lot peace.
Hut I b.'licve then* ate noine • bus bug-' ghul it inn progress.
[ with all auch men had it to tlaht out. If they had, I am
Mite the wat would nor laM one week. I know they could
make peace it they would try "
And yet we are told the South is a unit, both
by those who wish to save the Government by
destroying the South,and those who wish to save
the South by destroying the Government.
The tebel estimate of our operations is thus
summed up in a late number of the Richmond
Examiner:
" Tn a ^hoit time considerable districts of the South will
probably have to be abandoned bj their population ior the
want ol loud.
'* Tti' Y anker have been i oui.u kabiy mi cestui in the
wai, so l;u a- dopnvms u- of !:uno legions pioduoin  pro-
[ vi-ious is coiieeimid. They have duvon Hi out of Ken-
tucky and Mi-spun. THov have cut oll'oui supplies hum
Middle and West Tennessee Thovhave lined from lis the
easily seduced N'oithnest Virginia. They have lavatjed
tite udewaler Ktain i e^'ions of Virginia arid North C.noitiin.
They have cut u^ olffiom the hooves of Texas. They have
thus out tailed our supplies of meat by one half and ot gram
by one tiiiid "
J am aware there isanother side to this picture,
made up of defeats and repulses, and surrenders
and evacuations, of invasions and raids; thou-
sands honorably dead, and other thousands dis-
honorably alive. But the grand result of all the
movements has been a continual advance; as the
waves of the tide, though for the moment reced-
ing, rise higher and further at each successive
swell. The invasions which mortified us so were
repulsed in some of the most glorious fields of the
war, and served only to demonstrate, what rebel-
lion was very slow to believe, that neitlier m Ma-
ryland nor Kentucky could treason find any cn-
"couragement or support among the body of their
people. Whatever else may happen, we have
heaid the last proposal to relieve "downtrodden"
Maryland or "enslaved" Kentucky. As to the
ranis', if in some instances they have, led to our
humiliation when encountered by such officers as
Colonel McClure—-who sends greeting to his Gov-
ernor: " We can make no resistance, as it would
' only exasperate them and cause the wanton destruc-
tion of properly and life' —they have also devel-
oped some of the highestsoldiei ly qualities, when
met by men like Colonels Harlan, tioskms, and
Halissy, who had no fear of exciting rebel ire,
and did not hesitate to sacrifice both property and
life. No; view the matter as we may, instead of
despondency that the Government has accom-
plished so little toward the suppression of the re-
bellion, we may rather rejoice and be hopeful that
it has accomplished so much. To my people l
say the deliverance, though long delayed, will
surely come. '
I well know that from the first there have been
those who croakingly told us, " you never can
overcome the rebellion," or, in their purposed
phrase, conquer the South. And we have seen
them point, with ill-disguised satisfaction if not
with open exultation, to Fort Sumter, Bull Run,
and Fredericksburg, the scenes of our indignation
andsorrow. Weunderstandall that. Thecoun-
try understands it. Posterity will understand it.
For the encouragement of those who have been
disheartened by such ill-omened prophets, so far
as one so undistinguished as 1 may encourage
them, I repeat my firm and often expressed belief
that the country can and will overwhelm the re-
bellion, crush out treason, and punish traitor*,
yea, annihilate them, so that in the next genera-
tion none will be found willing to bear their n!\me
or acknowledge their kindred. We were told the
other day by a gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. .
Norton,] that already more soldiers have been
furnished to our armies than there arc voters in
the seceded States. And the supply is very far
from being exhausted. But it is whispered men
will not any longer enlist, and a draft cannot be
enforced. That is another affair. If the Ameri-
can people will national suicyjg, doubtless they
can accomplish it. And the wWUl will agree with
a late French journalist, that—
" When that day shall come, either the very stones will
spring to arms in America, or the American people will
have deserved their doom, and will have lived as a great
nation only long enoujAto show us how great nations may
come to nothingness.'"
What is the likelihood of such recreancy to
the cause of freedom and self-government? The
opinion and purpose of this House was pretty
emphatically expressed the other day upon the
passage of the Army appropriation bill, provid-
ing more tlum half a billion for carrying on the
war until July, 18G4. Against it were east only
three votes, one from each of the States of Mary-
land, Kentucky, and Missouri, [Mr. Mat, Mr.
Wickliffe, and Mr. Norton.] The policy of
one of these negative voters was set forth subse-
quently in a speech recommending, as his pana-
cea for our present ills, the disbanding of the
Army, the dismantling of the Navy, and letting
rebellion have full swing, until such a time as
two thirds of the State Legislatures can be in-
duced to call a general convention to compromise
what there is left. And, more recently, the finance
bill, providing for a popular loan of nearly a bil-
lion, passed without a single dissenting voice. I
have borrowed from the late message of Governor
Seymour. I quote again:
" Our armies In the tield must be supported. Under no
circumstances can the division of the Union: be conceded.
Wc will nut forth every exertion of power;
" we can never voluntarily consent to the breaking up of
the Union of these States, or the destruction of the Con-
stitution."
And yet this is the officer from whose elec-
tion the enemies of the country were expected
and expecting to derive so much comfort! No,
believe me, the great mass of the American peo-
ple will never consent to the dismemberment oi*
their country, and very few of them desire it.
But the Union as it was, is a catch-word of the
hour. The Union as it was when? When Wash-
ington, to suppress rebellion, sent into western
Pennsy Ivaniafifteen thousand men, under the com-
mand of his neighbor and friend, General Lee—
General Lee, who, could he leave the abodes of
glory, would smite and confound his traitor son?
When Webster and Clay rallied to the support of
Jackson, and sent treason, whipped and abashed,
to its lair? When Millard Fillmore, called to ac-
count for the disposition of his fleets in the har-
bor of Charleston, replied that he was not respons-
ible for his official conduct to the Governor of
South Carolina? Or as it was in the waxing and
waning days of a later Administration, when trea-
son sat
<■ squat like a toad"
at the senile ear of executive power, and hatched
its mischievous plot in the very corridors of the
Presidential Mansion? As it was in the day of
its glory and might, or as it was in the night ol'its
weakness and shame ? As it was when strong,
honest men gave direction to its councils, or as it
was when turpitude claimed and took precedence
of decrepitude in the conduct of its affairs? For
upon this inquiry must largely depend the real 8>g-
