1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II
S'Tth Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps'.
"Strict attention is paid to the sanitary, moral,
and religious condition of the prisoners. Sickness
is of very rare occurrence; but when a convict
complains of being indisposed, he is immediately
removed to acomfortablehospital in the building,
where he receives the attention of a skillful physi-
cian."
The convicts are all employed in the business
of shoemaking. The number of convicts sent to
Albany was one hundred and thirty-one. The
cost 01 their subsistence there will be ยง1 25 each,
per week. The expense of supporting them at
Albany will be less than the cost of sustaining
the penitentiary in the District.
Tlie number of convicts confined in the peni-
tentiary on the 1st of October, 1861, was 158.
Between that period and the 1st of October, 1862,
there were received 374, of which 102 were sol-
diers who were convicted of various military of-
fenses by courts-martial. These were pardoned
by the President, under the provisions of an act
of Congress passedatthelastsession. Thewhole
number of prisoners disposed of during the last
year was 201, of which 71 were discharged by
expiration of sentence, 128 were pardoned by the
President, 1 escaped, and 1 was transferred to the
Insane Asylum, leaving 131 on the 1st of Octo-
ber, 1862, which was the number transferred to
the prison at Albany.
It is recommended that a law shall be passed by
Congress sanctioning the transfer of the prison-
ers, and authorizing the confinement in the peni-
tentiary at Albany, or in some other prison out
of the District, of all persons who may be con-
victed in the District, until a suitable prison shall
be erected.
The appropriations for the support of the peni-
tentiary of the District for the present fiscal year
amount to $30,123 75. An appropriation of
$20,000 is recommended for the next year for the
support of the prisoners transferred to Albany,
and for the removal and support of such as may
be hereafter convictcd. A small sum of money,
not less than ten dollar's, should be given to each
prisoner when he leaves the prison, to enable him
to reach the place to which he may desire to go.
The appropriation asked for will be sufficient to
meet this expenditure, and to support at least one
hundred and seventy-five convicts at Albany, in-
cluding the cost of their transportation.
It is gratifying to observe the evidences of in-
creasing prosperity which are visible m the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It should be the policy of Con-
gress to give encouragement to the enterprise
which produces this prosperity; and, by liberal
legislation, to advance the growth and improve-
ment of the capital of the nation.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretary.
The President.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department,
December 1, 1862.
Sir: It is due to the naval service that in this
report I should, first of all, recount to you, and
# through you to Congress and the country, the
operations and achievements of our naval forces
during the eventful year which has elapsed since
my last annual communication. Since the com-
mencement of our national difficulties four pow-
erful squadrons have been collected, organized,
and stationed for duty on our maritime frontier
with a rapidity and suddenness which finds no
approach to a parallel in previous naval history,
and which, it is believed, no other country but our
own could have achieved. These squadrons have
been incessantly maintaining a strict blockade of
such gigantic proportions that eminent foreign
statesmen in the highest sccnes of legislation did
not hesitate, at its commencement, publicly to de-
nounceitas " a material impossibility;" and yet,
after this most imposing naval undertaking had
been for a period of eighteen months in operation,
and after its reach had been effectively extended
along the entire sweep of our Atlantic and Gulf
coasts, from the outlet of the Chesapeake to the
mouth of the Rio Grande, the same eminent au-
thorities, with a list in their hands of all the ves-
sels which had evaded or escaped the vigilance
of our blockading forces, could not refuse, m their
official statements, to admit with reluctant candor
that the proof of the efficiency of the blockade
was conspicuous and wholly conclusive, and that
in no previous war had the ports of an enemy's
country been so efTectually closed by a naval force.
But even such testimony was not needed. The
proofof the fact abounds in thecurrentpriceof our
southern staples in the great commercial marts of
the world, and more especially in the whole In-
dustrial and commercial condition of the insurgent
region. It should not be forgotten that no cir-
cumstance is wanting to attest the magnitude of
this greatest of all naval triumphs. The indus-
trial necessities, and the commcrcial cupidity of
-all the principal maritime nations, armed and em-
powered as they are by the resources of modern
invention, are kept at bay. A multitude of island
harbors under foreign jurisdiction, looking nearly
upon our shores, and affording the most conven-
ient lurking places from which illicit commerce
may leap forth to its prohibited destination and
purpose, are so closely watched as to render the
peril of all such ventures far greater than even
their enormous gains when successful. And
finally, a vast line of sca-coast, nearly three thou-
sand miles in extent, much of it with a double
shore, and almost honey-combed with inlets and
harbors, has been so beleaguered and locked up
that the whole immense foreign commerce, which
was the very life of the industry and opulence of
the vast region which it borders, has practically
ceased to exist.
distribution of tiie force.
Some changes in the command of the squadrons
and flotillas have taken place, and new organiza-
tions have been made during the year.
The North Atlantic squadron, guarding the Vir-
ginia and North Carolina coasts, continued in
charge of Rear Admiral Goldsborough until the
5th of September, when he was relieved on his
own request by Acting Rear Admiral S. P. Lee,
who has since had that command.
In the South Atlantic squadron, which blockades
the harbors and coasts of South Carolina, Georgia,
and the eastern portion of the Florida peninsula, no
change has taken placc. Rear Admiral Du Pont,
assigned to that squadron when it was first made
a distinct organization, still remains in active and
useful service on that highly interesting station.
The necessity of a division of the Gulf squad-
ron having been stated to be necessary in my last
annual report, was consummated on the 21st of
February. Flag-Officer McKean retaining com-
mand of the eastern Gulf squadron, the limits of
which comprised the southern and western por-
tions of the Florida peninsula, commencing at
Cape Canaveral on the eastern coast, and extend-
ing to Pensacola. On the 4th of June he was, on
his own application, in consequence of impaired
health, relieved by Acting Rear Admiral Lardner.
This officer's health also giving way, he was com-
pelled to ask to be relieved, and Commodore Theo-
dorus Bailey has been appointed his successor.
The western Gulf squadron guarded a coast
which, commencing at and including Pensacola,
extended westward to the Rio Giande, and was,
from a variety of causes, one of the most import-
ant and responsible commands ever intrusted to
a naval officer. From the harbors and rivers sub-
ject to that blockade, there are exported, in peace-
ful times, vast amounts of cotton, sugar, and other
products. "Within those limits arc the ocean out-
lets of the great central valley of the Union; and
in selecting" the officer who should be put in com-
mand of the squadron, regard was had to an
expedition for which the Department had made
extensive preparation, and in which the whole
Government had participated, for the capture of
New Orleans and reopening the navigation of the
Mississippi. After scrutiny and deliberate con-
sideration this responsible position was intrusted
to Captain D. G. Fariagut, m the confident belief
that his courage and energy were equal to the
exigency.
Besides these large squadrons on our maritime
frontier, it becameanecessityatanearly period of
the insurrection to have an organized naval force
on theMississippianditstributaries. On the 16th
of May, 1861, Commander John Rodgers was
directed to report to the War Department, whichiii
the preliminary stages assumed the chiefexpense',
for the purpose of initiating an armed flotilla on
the western waters,and immediately entered upon
his duties. Proceeding to theWest, he purchased
steamers which, under his supervision, were fitted*
armed, andarmored as gunboats, and thus wascom-
meneed the organizationof the Mississippi flotilla,
which a few months later made itself felt in a suc-
cession ofachievements thatclectrified thecountry;
But before Commander Rodgers had an opportu-
nity of completinghisarrangementsandtakinghis
vessels into action, Captain A. H. Foote was ap-
pointed tothecommand ofthe flotilla. Thelabors
commenced by CommanderRodgers swelled into
gigantic proportions under Flag-Officer Foote,
whose energies and talents were exerted in creat-
ing and preparing that navy on the western waters
which he soon made so serviceable to the country.
Painfully wounded at Fort Donelson, he was re-
lieved on the 9th of May by Captain Charles H.
Davis, who was soon after appointed chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, and in October relinquished
the command. By order of Congress the gunboat
fleet was transferred to the Navy, and now consti-
tutes an important squadron, under the command
of Acting Rear Admiral D.D. Porter, who entered
upon his duties on the 15th of October.
The active operations of the Potomac flotilla
ceased, in a great measure, after the erection of
the extensive rehel batteries on the Virginia shore,
in the autumn of 1861. For several months the
commerce on this important avenue to the na-
tional capital was almost entirely suspended,
though at no time was the passage of our armed
naval vessels prevented. In March the batteries
were abandoned by the insurgents, and the troops
which garrisoned them were withdrawn. The
advanccrof our army towards Richmond made the
duty on the Potomac comparatively light during
the spring and summer. At present the flotilla is
under the command of Commodore Harwood,
and is rendering good service by checking illicit
traffic and capturing many prisoners and no
small amount of property.
The transfer ofthe army to the York peninsula,
and its detention before Richmond, compelled
the Navy Department to divert some of its gun-
boats and vessels destined for other service to the
waters of Jamcsand York rivers. After the bat-
tle of Malvern Hill, and the concentration ofthe
army on James river, such was the condition of
affairs that it became necessary to organize the
vessels which had been retained to cooperate with
and protect the army into a distinct organization.
Captain Charles "Wilkes was detailed for that
duty on the 6th of July, and entered upon the
work with energy; but the withdrawal of the
army from the peninsula in August released the
vessels which had been diverted from their ori-
ginal destination, and rendered it unnecessary to
continue an independent organization in James
river. The flotilla was, therefore, disbanded on
the 31st of August.
The persistent and systematic attempts to vio-
late our blockade and furnish assistance to the in-
surgents in defiance of our laws, made it neces-
sary that specific and effective measures should
be adopted to prevent those lawless proceedings.
This purpose had been interrupted, and the pro-
ceedings to effect it delayed, in consequence of the
detention of the army before Richmond during
the spring and summer, our vessels being indis-
pensable auxiliaries while the army lingered on
the upper waters of James river. Immediately
on being liberated, a flying squadron was organ-
ized with a view of sweeping from our coast and
the neighboring waters the lawless contrabandists
who made it a business to violate our blockade
and promote the efforts of (hose who are engaged
in schemes to break up our Union, and subvert
the Government. The command of this flying
squadron has been given to Acting Rear Ad-
miral Wilkes, who sailed from Hampton Roads
in the Wachusett on the 24th of September.
naval expeditions.
This exhibition of the distribution and attitude
of our naval force naturally introduces a succinct
history of that remarkable series of naval expe-
ditions and operations along our southern sea-
board and through the great rivers of the central
