is
JLPFBOTMX tFO ^SS mjEG&SSSlONAL '©T/OBE.
[December 1,
SJih Cons .... 3o. Sess.
Heport of the Secretary of the Ncvvy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
galley, in which the power and valor of our Navy
jbave been so strikingly displayed. These expe-
ditions, it must be remembered, were undertaken
in addition to, or rather in aid of, the unrelaxing
labors of the blockade. They were conceived ana
directed in the policy early adopted and uniformly
adhered to by this Department, of the most active
ftwl strenuous prosecution of the war so long as
ihe war-should last, and whenever and wherever
effectual blow could bestruckagainstthe power
or resources of the rebellion by the naval force.
Jinrthia view this Department has constantly sought
the cooperation of the Army when such cooper-
ation was indispensable to success,and when such
cooperation was not indispensable the Navy alone
has acted. The result is that the Mississippi, the
main artery of the great central valley of the
jtlnion, with its principal tributaries, embracing
many thousand miles of inland navigation, which
had been interrupted, is under our control, except
at Vicksburg, where the rebels still retain posses-
sion, but from which, with a cooperating military
force, they can at any time be expelled. Each one
of ourblockadmgsquadronshassccuredand holds
a considerable portion of the coast within their
respective limits, and in each there is a commo-
dious and open portfor rendezvous, refitment, and
supply, where imports and exports may be made
under the authority of a collector duly appointed
by the national Government. Nearly the entire
sea-board of the insurgent region, in its main points
of commercial or strategic importance, from Nor-
folk and the outlet of the Chesapeake—through
Roanoke, Newbern, and Beaufort, North Caio-
lina, Port Royal, Tybec, Fernandina, Key West,
Pensacola—to New Orleans and Galveston, is
practically in our hands, held fast and irrecover-
ably under the guns of our Navy, or else garri-
soned and governed by our military force. Hut a
short time can elapse before the few remaining
ports which are still in the possession of tin* in-
surgents will be reduced to our naval or military
occupation and authoiity.
When the insurrection is thus excluded from
the coast there may be presented for decision, and
its near approximation makes allusion to it justi-
fiable, the grave and important question whether,
in so far as relates to all such ports and places on
the insurgent sea-coast thus actually held and
controlled by the national Government in time
of war for war purposes, and by tiie power of
war, it be not our right and duty to dismiss the
costly apparatus and em Imnassing formalities and
rules of an international blockade, and to substi-
tute in place of it, within all the ports and places
held and occupied by our forces, our own domes-
tic authority to contiol all trade thetein, as we
control everything else there, and thus to subject
at such points all commerce, coastwise and for-
eign, of export or import, to such conditions and
restrictions and regulations, either of admission
or exclusion, as a wise war policy may prescribe,
and a present war power, alloat in the harbor or
on shoreinaniilitary custom-house, may enforce.
Such has been the practice of nations in time of
rebellion. Such was our practice in the Mexican
ports winch we held during I ho war with that
country. Should such a policy be adopted,among
other important advantages resulting from it
would be the release of our Heels from much of
their present harassing and exhausting blockade
duty, and the immediate concentration of their
activity in the protection of our commerce on the
high sens, by the puisuit in augmented force,and
probably the speedy capture and punishment of
the marauders who now avail themselves of the
incessant occupation of the mass of our naval
force in other scenes of action, for the temporary
prosecution of their piratical designs.
NORTH ATI.ANTIC SQUADRON'—ROANOKE ISLAND.
At the commencement of the blockade constant
annoyance was experienced from various sources
by means of vesselsoflightdiaught, which made
ingress or egress through the sounds and inner
waters on the coast of North Carolina. To gain
possession of the important points within the
sounds was therefore necessary.
Early in January a joint expedition of the Navy
and Army for operations in the waters of North
Carolina moved from Hampton Roads, under the
command of Flag-Officer L. M. Goldsborough
and Brigadier General A. E. Burnside respect-
ively.
The naval force, consisting of seventeen light
draught vessels, with an armament of forty-eight
guns, most of them of heavy caliber, arrived at
Hatteras Inlet on the 13th of January, and in two
days succeeded, though with labor and difficulty,
in passing over the bulkhead and through the
narrow, sliallow, and tortuous channel; but the
army transports were unable to surmount the
obstacles and be fully prepared for active cooper-
ation until some weeks later. On the morning of
the 5th of February the combined expedition pro-
ceeded towards Roanoke Island; the naval ves-
sels, placed by Flag-Officer Goldsborough under
the immediate command of Commander Stephen
C. Rowan, were formed in three separate col-*
urnns, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenants
Reed Worden, Alexander Murray, and H. K.
Davenport. On the morning of the 7th the ves-
sels of the insurgents, eight m number, were dis-
covered drawn up behind an extensive barricade,
formed by a double row of piles and sunken ves-
sels stretching across the sound. At 10.30 the en-
gagement commenced, and by noon became gen-
ma!. By 4 p. m. the batteries were temporarily
silenced and the first landing of tioops effected.
At midnight over ten thousand troops had disem-
barked.
The engagement was renewed the following
morning and carried on chiefly by the Army until
1 p. m., when the fleet proceeded to open a pas-
sage through the obstructions, which wassuccess-
fully accomplished by 5 p. m., and the national
flag was hoisted on Pork Point. Firing other of
their works and one of their steamers were the
closing events of the day, the rebels yielding the
island to our possession.
Retreating from Roanoke Island, the rebel na-
val fleet fled up the sound and into Pasquotank
river, towards Elizabeth City,Commander Rowan
' pursuing them with the flotilla, anchoring for the
night a few miles from Fort Cobb. At 8 a. m.,
February 10, the rebel steamers, under command
of W. F. Lynch, formerly of the Navy, were dis-
covered drawn up behind a battery of four guns,
supported by a schooner on the opposite side of
the river, armed with two heavy 32-poundera.
Fire was opened by the insurgents from the forts
and steamers at long range. Commander Rowan
pushed on steadily until within three fourths of a
mile, when he opened fire and dashed ahead at
full speed. This bold and wholly unanticipated
onset dismayed the rebels, who hastily abandoned
their works, which, with their entire fleet, were
captured or destroyed.
Parsing up tl*e river the flotilla took possession
of Elizabeth City. Lieutenant Murray was dis-
patched with a small force to Edenton, of which
nequietly took possession, and on returning from
this duty he was sent to obstruct the Chesapeake
and Albemarle canal.
In this expedition there were five armed steam-
ers and one schooner destroyed, and one steamer,
the Ellis, captured.
CAPTURE OF NF.WJiERN AND WASHINGTON, NORTH
CAROLINA, AND CAPITULATION OF FORT MACON.
Flag-Officer Goldsborough having been recalled
to Hampton Roads, a combined Army and naval
expedition, under General Burnside and Com-
mander S. C. Rowan, left Hatteras inlet and ar-
rived at Sloeum's creek, the point selected for
the disembarkation of the troops, on the 12th of
March.
The next morning the landing of troops com-
menced, the gunboats shelling the woods at the
point of landing as the troops advanced on shore.
At the same time six naval boat howitzers with
their crews, under command of Lieutenant R.
S. McCook, were landed to assist in the attack
on the enemy's works. About 4 p. m. the first
of the enemy's batteries opened upon our boats
and were answered at long range, the firing ceas-
ing at sundown, and the fleet anchoring in a po-
sition to cover the troops. Early on the morning
of the 14th, the army having engaged the enemy
in force. Commander Rowan moved steadily up
the river with his fleet, and the insurgents aban-
doned their forts in succession under the pressure
of the combined columns moving upon them. On
arriving at Nswbem, the rebels having fled, Com-
mander Rowan took possession of the place, and
later in the day the army were moved across the
Trent and occupied the city.
The approach by the river to Newbern was
heavily obstructed with piles and torpedoes, from
which the vessels sustained some injury, and the
passage was disputed by six forts, at distances of
from half a mile to a mile and a half from each
other, and mounting thirty-two guns, ranging
from 32-pounders to 80-pound rifled cannon.
Lieutenant McCook is reported as having ren-
dered most effective service with his naval bat-
tery, and Commander Rowan bears cheerful test-
imony to^-the gallant conduct of the officers and
men'ofKis entire command. Several steamers and
schooners, large quantities of pitch and turpen-
tine, and a valuable stock of arms and munitions
of war fell into our hands with the capture of
Newbern.
After the fall of Newbern, Lieutenant-Com-
manding A. Murray was dispatched with a naval
column, accompanied by a detachment from the
army, to take possession of Washington, North
Carolina. Forcing a passage through the obstruc-
tions in the approach to that place, he arrived there
on the 21st of March, and it was surrendered to
him without resistance.
The batteries on shore having, on the morning
of the 25th of April, opened fire on Fort Macon,
Commander Samuel Lockwood, senior officer of
the blockading fleet off Beaufort, prepared his
vessels for action and proceeded within range of
the fort. Fire was opened from the steamers
Daylight, the State of Georgia, and the Chippe-
wa, and the bark Gemsbok, which was continued
about an hour and a quarter, when they were
compelled to haul off on account of the heavy
sea. In the afternoon a flag of truce was dis-
played from the fort, which, on the next morn-
ing, surrendered to Major General Burnside.
Commander Lockwood united in signing the
articles of capitulation on the part of the United
States.
AFFAIR AT WEST POINT.
The arrival of the army of the Potomac on the
York peninsula rendered it necessary to detail
several gunboats, chiefly from the North Atlantic
squadron, within whose limits it is, to convoy
the transports and protect the right flank of the
army on its march along the York and Pumunkey
rivers. While on this service, on the 7th of May,
the enemy,in large force,attacked General Frank-
lin's division, constituting the right wing of the
army at West Point, the junction of the Pamun-
! key and Matapony. The assistance of the Navy
j was requested by Geneial Fianklm, and Cem-
I mander William Smith, senior officer of the naval
forces in Yoik river* ordered the gunboats Wa-
chusett, Maratanza, and Sebago to the support
of General Franklin. These vessels, taking a
position as near the insurgents as possible, opened
upon them with great effect. Their fire soon be-
gan to slacken, and they commenced their retreat.
The aid rendered by our gunboats on this occa-
sion was most essential, enabling General Frank-
lin to hold his position and to repel the rebel.*.
On the 15th of May, the Galena, Monitor,
Aroostook, Port Royal, and Naugatuck, all un-
der command of Commander John Rodgers, as-
cended James river, with no serious obstructions
until near Ward's or Drury's bluff, whece piles
and sunken vessels disputed their further passage,
and a heavy battery exposed the vessels to a
plunging fire. The Galena and Monitor ran
within six hundred yards of the bluff; but the
latter was obliged to drop down several hundred
yards, as her guns could not be sufficiently ele-
vated for effective service. An action of thru3
hours' duration took place, when, owing to &
scarcity of ammunition, the vessels retired to City
Point without silencing the battery. TheNauga-
tuck was unfortunately disabled by the bursting
of her rifle gun. The men on the vessels were
exposed during the contest to a constant fire from
sharpshooters concealed m rifle pits on the river
bank; but officers and men exhibited great cool-
ness and courage throughout the engagement.
SOUTH ATLANTIC BLOCK VDIJJG SQUADRON.
In my annual report in December, 1861, men*
tion was made of the plans and investigations
which had been projected during the summer pre-
