1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has availed himself of his position to carry out his potty
malice, In either event, it is duo to mo, to the Govern-
ment, and yourself, that I eititcr be tried or disohmged.
You, as iveli as m\scli\ know that the per&oual liberty of
the. citizen is of more importance to the eountiy than all
other fights, and without which all others are valueless.
Under these circumstances, believing you have no other
object in view than to see the law duly administered, and
individual liberty protected, I am induced, as a matter of
justice to myself, to ask your intei position; holding my-
self ready to answer lor every act of my life.
Under these circumstances, with the knowledge that the
Government has been imposed upon, and it being both your
duty and pleasure to protect her citizens, I cannot do'ubt,
when your attention is called to my case, you will take ac-
tion iu the premises. My detention can effect no good to
the Government, and does me an absolute injury. In no
view can my further detention be justified.
Hoping soon to be discharged, I am, respectfully, vours,
M. Y. JOHNSON.
To his Excellency President Lincoln.
Your petitioner would further lepresent that his arrest,
without warrantor any of the tonus of law. was an illeg.il
and arbitrary usurpation of power, on the part of the Sec-
retary of War, destructive ot all libeity to the citizen. Ilia
tiansportation beyond the State, where the conns aie open
and uninterrupted for the punishment of r rime, is not only
an invasion of State sovereignty, but a violation ot consti-
tutional guarantees. IIis inearceiation and detention m
a military prison, without infoimmg him of the offense
charged against him, or his accuser's name, and making it
an aggiavationof the otFense to employ counsel and attempt
to get a hearing, is an intolerable despotism, only equaled
by the dailc and mysterious actings of a rfpaiush inquisi-
tion j arid, last, the entire neglect and lefusal to hear ins
grievances or make any examination as to the guilt or inno-
cence of the accused, when he was hopelessly buried in a
bastile, and could have no communication with his friends
cxcept by permission of those, who had already outraged
him, is a degree of tyranny unparalleled in the history ot' a
free Govei nment.
Your memorialist would fuither state he was turned out
on the 13th ot December last by order of the Secretary ot
Wa^without any oath, entirely ignorant of the offense
charged, who was h .s accuser, or why he was detained and
removed from fort to fort. Neither has he been able to ob-
tain any information, either from the President, Seeretaiy
of War, or judge advocate, although he has demanded to
know what the accusation was ami by whom made.
Your petitioner therefore prays your honorable body to
iinjuire into the tacts by a resolution of the Senate, as the
only means that is left to him to find out who accused bun
and whatoftense he was accused of, believing an American
Senate will grant him the only means or vindicating him-
self. All of winch is iopectfuJly submitted.
MADISON Y. JOHNSON.
Subscribed and sworn to betoie me tin* 11th Jan-
[l. a.] uary, 1863. KICUAIU) SEAL,
Clcik of County Coutt.
Mr. President, I desire to add one word to what
the petitioner has said. An Ameiican citizen,
without offense, without accuser, without charge
in relation to all the constitutional guarantees that
are given to him, is arrested, taken f om his home
and his friends, and confined in a bastile; and he
can find no place m this free country where he
can ascertain who was his accuser or what was
his offense. Sit, the best thing the American
Senate and the American Congress can do to-day
is to bring1 to light the men who have been making
charges secretly against their fellow-citizens and
having them torn from their friends and immured
in bastiles in violation of every principle of the
Constitution and of common justice. Sir, there
is a feeling broad and wide and deep in the coun-
try fiom which I come upon this subject. It will
lead to consequences disastrous to us all if it is
persisted in ofie moment further. I do not desire
this investigation to be had for the sake of this
individual alone, it is for the sake of those who
have been outraged by the acts of the Secretary
of War that I wish this investigation to be had,
that we may know the power, the authority,and
the information upon which he has acted. Mr.
Johnson's case is that of thousands of others who
have been arrested and impiisoned. No accuser,
no crime or charge alleged, no trial had, and after
confinement of days and months, as it suited the
whim or caprice of the Secretary of War or some
provost marshal, they are sworn and released, or
if they will not take an oath, they are released
without it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that this pe-
titioner is now in prison.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; he states that
he is now out of prison.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that he could
have hbeiated himself at any time by taking the
oath of allegiance, and that he refused to do it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator from Rhode
Island will pardon me. After he had been inprison
some time—the time is not very definitely stated—
the judge advocate then proposed to release him
by his taking the oath; but the wrong had been
done before they proposed the oath to him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that he refused
to take the oath.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, I think we have
more important business before us than attending
to the wrongs of people who refuse to take the
oath of allegiance to support the Government. I
have no sympathy for him, and I shall not vote
to refer his petition to any committee. I move to
lay the subject on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. I have heard the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island before express the idea
to which he has just given utterance; and I con-
fess that it strikes me as singularly fallacious.
Where a man is arrested 
Mr. CHANDLER. Is the motion to lay on
the table debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
understand that any such motion is pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Rhode
Island made that motion.
Mr. BAYARD. When an innocent man is
arrested, he may very well say, " if you require
me, as a reason for my discharge, to take an oath
which the law does not prescribe, which there is
no authority to administer, I am, by implication,
admitting that there was ground for my arrest,
founded upon suspicion on mygenoral behavior."
I think no man of ordinary firmness would ever
agree to place himself in that position. It is not
the question whether a man might not justly take
an oath of allegiance, though, in my belief, these
test oaths are matters which had better be avoided.
■The citizen owes his allegiance founded either
upon his birth or his naturalization, and his duties
arise from that. If he would willfully violate those
duties, I would not care much for his swearing
allegiance over again.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the inference of the petition. The Senator from
Rhode Island is understood to withdraw his mo-
tion to lay on the table. Indeed, the Chair did
not hear that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to cutoff dis-
cussion. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. The citizen does not strengthen
his bond of allegiance at nil by his oath. His
duties bccomc in no respect different. It is sim-
ply an exaction, contraiy to law, which, if he
submits to, implies that lie concedes that there
was some goneral ground on which he was prop-
erly arrested. Now, sir, I do not think that can
be expected. The principle that is important
here is not the case of the individual man. The
honorable Senator may feel sympathy forthatin-
dividual or not. You would not feel sympathy
for a man you believed to be wrong; but the great
principle involved in this is that the privilege of
freedom from arrest is the common right of every.
American citizen, and its violation in the individ-
ual instance is a violation of that right which ought
never to be parted with, because it not only in-
jures the individual in the particular case, but the
submission to it involves the right of every man
in the community, and makes him subject to ex-
ecutive power without warrant and without law.
In other words, it abandons the whole principle
of a free Government.
I think I heard the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island say, on a former occasion, that he
would not object to taking an oath of allegiance
half a dozen times a day, or as often as might be
necessary. Sir, I do not know that he would. If
a man chose voluntarily, from any reason to do
it, I do not know that there could be any diffi-
culty on the subject, though, in my own judg-
ment, I do not care much about professions, nor
do I think that these things add any evidence what-
ever to one's belief that the individual will more
properly perform his duties as a citizen. If the
honorable Senator were approached—1 suppose it
would m good deal depend on the manner—if a
friend were to say to him, Sir, some persons
have an idea that some of your opinions are not j
altogether correct; that you are not strictly loyal
in your sentiments and feelings; and, as I know
you arc, I think that by taking the oath of alle-
giance you can give a sufficient answer to your
calumniators;" if the honoiable Senator, under
those circumstance, regarded the advice of his
friend, he might, if he thought it was worth while j
to answer such general sentiments or opinions, I
founded in an erroneous conception of his char- i
acter or motives, choose to' take the oath rolurr*
tarily on such representations. But I presume,
if the honorable Senator were approached by kn
individual with whom he had no personal rela-
tions, who should say to him, u Sir, you are sus-
pected of being disloyal, and you had better take
the oath, and if you uo not, you shall be made to
feelthc consequences," would henotconstdersucli1
a mode of proposing it to him as a personal insult,
and turn from the individual with contempt? For
my own part, I can see no difference in the prin-
ciple of a lawless requirement from an individual
to take the oath ^nd his lawless arrest by the
power of the Government, and then requiring- the <
oath as a condition precedent to his discharge. In
the one case, it is simply an individual insult; in
the other, it is a great Government wrong, which
bears not only on the individual himself, but makes
him admit by implication that he was justly ar-
rested, and also bears upon every citizen in the
community, and upon the common right of the ,
people at large. Therefore he has the double mo-
tive for refusing the oath in the latter case, that
he would have the right to resent it in the case of
such an individual demand.
Mr. HOWE. I will only occupy a moment's
time. I do not understand that the memorial which
has been presented here this mornihg asks any re-
lief whatever. It isa mere presentation of a piece
of biography, as I understand it, the chapters of
which, the author seems to think, present a story
of grave wrongs committed against him by some-
body connectedwiih the Gc^crnment of the Uni-
ted States. I am not here to controvert any of
those statements, because I do not understand that
the memorialist asks us to do so; and if he did ask
us to do so, I do not see why we should grant his
request; for if we investigated as fully as he de-
sired all these statements, and found them to be
true, I do not know what the Senate could do after
having ascertained the facts. Upon the petition
of Mr. Johnson I do not understand that we
should be authorized to try the President of the
United States or to punish him. I do not under-
stand that either Mr. Johnson or any other citizen
of the United States can be very seriously op-
pressed by the action of the President, or by any-
body else, without having a remedy. If Mr. John-
son, who is no longer a prisoner, has ever been
illegally arrested and confined, it is possible that
upon an application to the judicial and not to the
legislative, oi any portion of the legislative tribu-
nal of the country, the legality or the illegality of
that arrest might have been determined, and he
might have been discharged from his arrest. I say
it is possible that it might have been determined.
It is not ceitain, I admit, that itcould have been.
It is possible that the writ of habeas corpus could
not have been obtained. It may be that it had been
suspended in that case, and he could not get the
privileges of the writ. That may not be the only
remedy. IIis arrest maybe, perhaps,illegal,and
although he may not be able to get the benefit of
the writ of habeas corpus. and therefor? get a dis-
charge or be restored to liberty, it may be that he
has by the law of the land (and he can ascertain
whether he has or not, if he appeals to the judi-
cial tribunals,and not to this) a personal remedy
against the peison who illegally arrested him, or
the person who illegally confined him. I do not
say it is so, but 1 say if the law existing gives
him such a remedy, by appealing to the judicial
tribunals he can have it, but not here. If the Pies-
identorany otlierofficer connected with the Gov-
ernment h«Uj illcgal!y*restrained this man of his
liberty, he may have, by the law of the land, either
of these two lemedips; he can get them only by
applying to the judicial tribunals. If he has not
either of these, and there has been any oppression
any tyranny, any wrong about this thing, if it
amounts to a great high crime or a misdemeanor,
if the House of Representatives, the Reprcsentu.-
: tives of the people, see fit, upon their own respons-
ibility to say so, I suppose they can present the
President here for trial«in this tribunal, and so WC
might get jurisdiction of the offense, not otherwise.
But if it does not amount to a high crime or a mis-
demeanor, if the citizen has neither of these judi-
cial remedies, or any remedy which he can pursue
in the courts of law, I do notk,nowhow you can
get at the matter until about two years from this
time; and then h suppose the people of the United
States can furnish a remedy—not the Senate, not
the Legislature, not the courts. If it is not a wrong
