666.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
which the judicial tribunals can redress, if is not
a wrong which the Senate of the United States can
punish, sitting as a court of impeachment, I sup-
pose it is only an actof mal-administration, unless
it be an act of good and wise administration—it is
at worst only an act of mal-admiuistratioii upon
which the President or his advisers may be put
on trial in about two years from this time; andj
respectfully suggest, if that be the tribunal before
which it shall be tried, that wp defer the debate un-
til that time comes round, and then we will hear it.
It is said here that liberty was offered to this
individual constantly during the term of his con-
, finement upon the simple condition that he would
take an oath to supporf, not the Administration,
but the Constitution and Government of the United
States, and he refused the conditions. He had
rather remain in confinement than take such an
oath j and it is urged here that the requii ing of such
an oath or such an assurance was an insult to the
man and an act of oppression in itself.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator from Wis-
consin is entirely mistaken. The oath was not
tendered to him when he was arrested, but when
he had been in Fort La Fayette probably a month.
Mr. HOWE. I said that during the time of
his convenient the oath was tendered to him, and
freedom from that arrest was tendered to him, on
the condition of his taking it. Perhaps there had
been a wrong committed before the oath was tend-
ered. I am bound to suppose, as a citizen of the
United States, that out officials, who are our
agents,are aoting-in Gull view of the responsibility
imposed upon them by the Constitution and the
laws. I am bound to suppose they are acting in
good faith; because we know that a great many
delinquent officials have found out before this how
severe are the penalties which fall upon the agents
of the people when they do not act in good faith.
1 therefore do not assume—I will not assume,
even for the purposes of this brief debate—that
the President, or any officer acting under his in-
structions,has acted wanionlyand willfully in this
matter. They may have been mistaken; but
whether they have or not, I say we have these
remedies.
1 insist there is no insult, and there is no op-
pression, in times like these, when any man falls
under suspicion, no matter how innocent he may
be, that he shall be asked to free himself fiom that
suspicion by pledging anew his allegiance to the
Government under which he rests. In times of
peace,when we know of no man who isbold enough
and bad enough to be disloyal to a Government like
this, then, it is true, it is a wrong to flout any man
with suspicion; but those times are passed. We
know that a large poition of the people of the
United Stales are among the rankest and foulest
traitors the world ever saw. How many of our
people are tainted with this treason we do not
know. It is a misfortune to full uniiei suspicion,
it is not altogether a misfortune; 1 say u is a
crime—not so recognized upon your statute-books;
that is on* fault; we have not made the statute-
books what they ought to he—it is a crime in the
eye of the American people, and in the eye of that
God who firesides over the Atneiican people, when
any citizen of a country like this, and under a
Government like this, allows his conduct to be so
double, so uncandid,so insincere as to allow any
suspicion of his loyalty to rest upon him. It is
not merely a misfortune; it is a crime We owe
it to ourselves, every one of us, that there should
be no possible ground of suspicion falling upon
any one o.f us of our desiro and our design to sup-
port thisfmm of government forever. That is the
duty that rests upon us.
Sir, I am very glad when I see a man whose
sense of honor is so nice and so high that he feels
aggrieved that a suspicion should rest upon his
loyalty, or that any jealousy should beexpressed
about his good faith in the support of the Govern-
ment. But, sir, I have heard of a number of in-
stances where thefts have been commuted on board
of .steamer* or in stage coaches even. It was very
evident that some one of the passengers on boaid
had been guilty of the theft. I have heard, and
so have you, of many propositions to search the
whole of them. For a man to come into this Sen-
ate Chamber, or come into the streets, or come
into any ordinary^ommunity, and propose, with-
out any warrant, to search the person of an in-
dividual to ascertain if stolen goods were upon his
person, you know ia a grave insult; but when in
a community composed of a definite number of
persons the fact is established thata theft has been
committed and some one of that limited com-
munity must have committed the theft, I never I
heard of an instance yet where, under such cir- 1
cumstances any man objected to the search, but
what, if the search were persisted in, the stolen :
goods were found upon his person. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am vehemently afraid that whoever in
times like these refuses or hesitates to give what-
ever assurance his oath or word can give that he
will stand by the old flag and maintain the old
Union; I say I am vehemently afraid that when
absolute truth illustrates his conduct and his mo-
tives he will be found not willing to stand by the
old flag nor maintain the old Union.
This memorial has been read in the Senate and
has been commented upon. I do not understand
that the memorialist asks any relief on the part of
the Legislature or on the part of the Senate; any-
thing that the Senate can do or that the Legisla-
ture can do. I do not understand that he com-
plains of the laws of the land, or that he asks any
new legislation. I think, therefore, it had better
lie on the table; and I move that it lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER.. Mr. President, i do not
wish to debate this question; but 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves that the subject-matter lie on
the table, which is not a debatable motion.
M r. POWELL. On that I ask for the yeas and
na ys.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 1G; as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chatwlkr,Clark, Fes-
seiuien, Foot, Foster.Grimes, Hale, Ilailan, Hums, Hicks,
Ilow.ud, Iloww, Kinjr, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Poiucioy,
Sumner. Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Ma sachu-
.sutt—
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, CarUIe, Davis, Harding:, Hen-
derson, Kennedy, Latham, Mebouga.ll, Powell, Rice, Rich-
ardson, SauUbuiy, Turpie, Wall, Willey, and Wilson of
Mishoun—16.
So the motion was agreed to, and the subject
was laid on the table.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate take up the reso-
lutions introduced by myselfon the 19th of Janu-
ary, in regard to our relations with France and
Mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of Saturday, being the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial appropriation bill, is now be-
fore the Senate; but that is included in the Senator's
motion, which is to postpone everything.
, Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask the Senator to yield
for a moment to enable me to call up a report of
a committee of conference which was made on
Saturday. It will take but a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may as well have this
matter settled at once if this motion is to be insisted
on by the Senatoi. I hope lie will not insist upon
it, because we are half way through with the le-
gislative appropriation bill, and can dispose of it
in a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his motion, to enable
the Senator from Michigan to call up the report of
a committee of conference?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will if I can have an
understanding as to when this resolution shall be
considered. 1 have come here day after day in-
tending to call up this resolution, but I have post-
poned it on account of other business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator would
hardly wish to antagonize his resolution with a
bill which comes from a committee of which he
is a member, and which ought to be passed at
once.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am aware of that; but
!i I should like to have some understanding with
11 Senators as to when this resolution shall be taken
up, as I have brought into the Senate Chamber
official documents somewhat difficult uf access. I
give way now, but I shall endeavor to call up the
lesolution after this bill shall have been disposed
of.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to say that 1 shall ob-
ject to the consideration of that resolution.
REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask the Senate to
consider the report of the committee of conference
on the bill (H. R, No. 561) in relation to commia-
| sioned officers of the United States revenue cutter
! service.
j The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
; ceeded to consider the following report:
! The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
! of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
561) in relation to commissioned officers of the United.
States revenue cutter service, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to reconnnend^and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the said amendment.
JOHN C TEV F.YCK,
ZA0HAIUAI1 CHANDLER,
JOHN S. CAULILE.
Managers on the part oj the Senate,
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
DWJGHT LOOMIsS,
Managers on the part oj the Houte.
The report was concurred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented a memorial of volunteer
officers of the Army, remonstrating against the
advanced bounty of forty dollars to each recruit
from the volunteer service to the regular Army,
as contemplated, as they allege, by "general order
No. 154" from the War Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a memo* uil of manufac-
tureis, merchants, and citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, praying for such a modification of the
internal revenue law as will provide an increased
income tax, instead of the tax on manufactures;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition of
Evelina Porter, praying arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petitions of
the ^Vyandott tiibe of Indian", and of the chiefs and head
men of tli.it tribe, nnd that the memorialists have leave to
withdraw then petitions and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. G95) for the appointment of a Deputy Reg-
ister in the Treasury Department, and for other
l purposes, reported it with amendments.
1 Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was recommitted the bill (PI. R.
No. 634) giving aid to the State of Missouri for
the purpose of securing the abolishment of slavery
! in that State, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 486) to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States stocks, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof, have instructed
me to report it with sundry amendments. I de-
sire to state that on Wednesday, or as soon as it
is printed, I will call up the bill, and I shall ask
early action upon it.
NOTICE 01? A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill authoriz-
ing the President to stop the pay of military offi-
cers not in active duty, in certain cases, and pro-
viding for the repeal of the law limiting the num-
ber of major and brigadier generals.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
497) for the relief of Sarah F. Berryman; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
NON-PAYMENT OF TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Paymaster General be directed to re-
poit to the Senate, what regiments, if any. have not been
paid up to the 31st of August, 18G2, and the lcatons for such
non-payment.
EDMUND H. BROOKE.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to move to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate on Sat-
urday rejected tiie bill (H. R. No. 5X9) to increase
the pay of Edmund H. Brooke, the chief clerk in
the paymaster's department,
