1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho motion-to re-
consider will be entered.
Oa motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Drtlnroh Th:\t the Secretary be directed to request the
Hou-e of Representatives to return to the Senate the bill
vfl. R. No. 51U) to increase the pay of Edmund II. Brooke,
the chief.clerk m the paymaster's department, which bill
was rejected by the Senate on the 31st of January.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tho House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the Houst; of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
649) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1864,
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to t he thirty-fifth
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
6J0) making appropriations for the support of the
Aimy for the year ending the 30th of June, J8G4,
and for a deficiency for the signal service for the
year ending June 30, 1863, and had agreed to all
the other amendments of the Senate to the said
bill.
The message also announced that the Blouse of
Representatives had passed the bill (S. No. 458)
to amend an act entitled "An act for the collection
of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts within
the United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 7, 1862.
KNKOLLED BILLS SIGNKD.
The message furtherunnounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolutions; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice
President:
A bill (H. R. No. 616) making appropriations
foi the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United Suites for tiie year ending June 30,
1864.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Commander JoHn L.
Worden, of the United States Navy.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Moses Yale.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ic-
sitmed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
635) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the veai ending 30th June, 1861.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
the bill by striking out the following clause:
For the collection and compiling ot asi tcidtuial v-tatisties,
and the piocmenient, piopagation, and distribution of the
nio^t nnpioved varieties ot "tapes, :ind by h\bi idi/.ation to
onguiate and develop tho^c chaiacteiKtics neces-nty to
encomaire the production ot wme m the United States and
lor the disiubuiion ot cutting, plants, .-eed*, and cereals
of new and u-elul varieties, both foreign and doim^tic, and
for the introduction and proteetion o*' in^ecfivoion-. bird-*,
ami tor investigations to te*t the practicability ot cultiva-
ting ftiul pi epanny ll.ix and hemp a?- a substitute for cotton,
and lor the eneuiuai.'euH'iu of tin' agricultur.il .nul rin al in-
terests- of all pail- ol the Union.and for securing an etfu-icut
clerical corps, chemist, botanist, entomologist, ornitholo-
gist, and othet persons fkilled m the natural sciences per-
taining to nut leufture. laborer*, awl tor the purpose ol es-
tablishing .t lahuiatory. with the neecssaiy appatatu* tor
practical and -eieutilic experiment- in agticuUuial chem-
istry, Qil.JO UlKl. jPtoe irfed, That the pa\ of cleiks. mes-en-
geiri, an<t laboier* shall notexceed the suin allowed to sim-
ilar empio\e> in the Departments.
And inserting m lieu thereof the following:
• For tlie >a)ury of the Commissioner of Agriculture,
§3.000.
For tho salary of the chief clerk In the Department of
Agriculture, $2,000.
For the collection and compiling of agrlcultuial statist lea,
for promoting agricultural and rural economy, and the pro-
curement, propagation, and distribution of cuttui&k.and
seedt- of new and useful varieties, and for the lntrouuFtion
and protection ot msectivoious bird-*, and for investigations
to t'^t the ptacficnbilify of cultivating' and preparing flax
and hemp as a sub-mute for cotton, and tor paying the
cieiks and employe*, and contingent expenses nece?sary m
said Department, §60.000.
Mr. HARLAN proposed to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance by inserting,
aftcrthe woid " cotton/' the words, " and for the
purpose of establishing a laboratory, with the
necessary apparatus for practical and scientific
experiments m agricultural chemistry."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of tho Committee on Fi-
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I suppose involves
necessarily a motion to increase the appropriation
lecommended by the Committee on Finance in
their amendment. If it did not, I should have no
objection to it. It must necessarily, however,
involve that.
Mr. IIARLAN. 1 think it does not necessa-
rily involve an increase of the appropriation pro-
posed by the committee. It only requires the
appointment of one man, ns I understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, wtih that under-
standing, that it is not to be used as an argument
for an increase of the appropriation, I have no
objection to it. I do not care how they dispose
of the money, so that tho sum is not increased.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend the
amendment m the six bundled and sixty-fifth line,
by sinking out the word "sixty," and inserting
"one hundred and thirty," so as to make the
appropriation $130,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 understand that thatamend-
ment is the one already at issue, whether we shall
strike out " one hundred and thirty,'' and substi-
tute " sixty." The originnl bill proposes an ap-
propriation of $130,000—the amendment of the
committee reduces it to $60,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The difference is this: 1 think
the language in which the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Finance is couched is much
better than that in the original bill. It is not so
general, and confines the appropriation to specific
purposes, and excludes some objects to which
exception has been taken m the discussion here-
tofore in the Senate. 1 prefer the language in
which the amendment is couched, to the language
of the original bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa to allow me first to move an amend-
ment setting apart a specific portion of the appro-
priation to test experiments in cultivating and
preparing flax and hempas substitutes for cotton.
Mr. IIARLAN. Cannot your amendment be
added to the section ?
Mr, ANTHONY. The two amendments ean
be put together so as to make the appropiiation
$110,000, and then add $20,000 for tin; purpose of
trying these experiments, of which I understand
the Senator from lowa to be in favor. In that way
we can aecomplish both objects.
Mr. HARLAN. ] have no objection to that;
and for that purpose 1 will withduiw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I understand the
amendment to be to strike out in lines six hun-
dred and sixty-one, six hundred and sixty-two,
and six hundred and sixty-three of the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance the following
words: 44 and for investigations to test the practi-
cability ofcultivu ting and preparing flax and hemj^
as a substitute for cotton;" and in line six hun-
dred and sixty-five to strike out the word " sixty"
and insert " one hundred and ten;" and at the end
of the amendment to add, " and for investigations
to test the practicability of cultivating and pre-
paring flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton,
$20,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the amend-
ment now pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should really like to
hear some sort of reason given for this. The
Senator moves to appropriate £20,000, out of the
§130,000, exclusively for this purpose. Will he
explain to the Senate why he does so?
Mr. ANTHONY. Hecause I think that this
particular object which I have selected from those
enumerated, is, under present circumstances, and
in the peculiar condition of the countiy, of more
impoitance, so far as any Government aid is con-
cerned, than a'l the rest put together. I believe
that we arc on the eve of a very important revo-
lution in textile manufactures. I believe, and it is
the opinion of men whose judgment is far more
valuable than mine, who have brought to italarge
amount of practical skill and scientific ability, both
mechanical and chemical, that weare aboutto find
a satisfactory substitute for cotton in llax Sen-
ators are all aware that immediately after the
great rise in cotton and long before it reached its
present extravagant figure, the attention of con-
sumers had been very generally dnected to the
discovery of new sources of supply and to some
substitute. Numerous explorations have been
made in finding new sourccs of supply, but
only partial success. But the experiments in regard
to finding a substitute have already resulted very
satisfactorily. I have some specimens here befQFe
me to show the Senator from Maine whatliaa been
done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am no judge of the
article.
Mr. ANTHONY. These [exhibiting several
specimens of flax cotton in various stages, and
of cloth, partly cotton and partly flax] are pro-
duced from flax. For a great many purposes,
processes have already been invented whicn ren-
tier flax equal to cotton-, for some few, it is supe-
l lor; although for the great number of purposes,
of course, no satisfactory substitute has been ob-
tained. A great many manufactures of wool are
mixed with cotton. This is fiot always an adul-
teration. Sometimes it improves the fabric, and
sometimes it deteriorates it, but it always cheap- ^
ens it, or did under the o'ld price, so that if the con-'
sumer received an inferior article, he paid a less
price for it. Now, for the purpose of mixing with
wool, flax has already been brought to a condition
in which it is superior to cotton. The fiber of
cotton is seriated, jugged, so that the fibers easily
cling together, 't'lie fiber of flax is round anu
smooth, and constructed like a reed,each articu-
lation smaller than the next one nearer the base.
This quality of smoothness enables the flax to
mix with the wool more completely than cotton
does. Flax takes fast colors better than cotton,
and a mixture of flax and wool will receive, from
the same dyeing material, a more uniform color
than a mixture of wool and cotton.
But the great object, Mr. President, to which
the attention of all* these experiments has been
directed, and the object for which I ask this ap-
piopnatton, is some process for cottonizing flax,
to reduce the flax to that condition m which it
can be spun upon cotton machinery; and it is the
opinion of gentlemen who have given great atten-
tion to it, who are entirely disinterested, who ask
no compensation, who have no jobs in this mat-
ter, that these experiments are very near success;
and it is their expectation and hope that, with
this appropriation, they may he brought to per-
fection. At any rate, there can be no reasonable
doubi that the appropriation will resultin such in-
ventions and improvements as will be immensely
beyond its cost, in their value to all parts of the
country.
Mr. GRIMES. How do you propose the
amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Haulas*j is to increase the
appropriation to $130,000, and he has accepted the
modification that $20,000 of that shall be for this
purpose; and if this should fail, 1 shall then ask
to put a similar appropriation on the amendment
proposed by the committee.
" I havtfcsome specimens here, but I do not know
that Senators could understand from an examina-
tion of them what progress has been made un-
less they have a practical knowledgeofthesubject.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the amendment of the
Senator fi om Iowa will prevai1, but I trust he will
amend it in some wny so as to have these trials mode
by some other parlies than the Agricultural Bu-
reau. 1 know of nothing that can be of more ad-
vantage to the country at large, especially to that
part of it of which I have the honor to be a citi-
zen, than the introduction and manufacture of the
species of article which the Senator has upon his
doi>k. I am willing to vote money liberally in order
to accomplish the purpose he has m few; but I
sincerely believe that purpose can be better ac-
complished through some other agency than
through that which would be selected if his amend-
ment should be incorporated into this section of
the bill.
I have no doubt that there arc men to be found
so deeply interested m the success of this experi-
ment that they would be willing to .undertake it
without any compensation to themselves, individ-
ually. All they would ask would be to be reim-
bursed the expenses which they might actually
incur; and if the Senator can so amend his amend-
ment as to provide that this money shall be ex-
pended m tnat way, it will be far more agreeable
to me. It is a proposition upon which, it seems to
me, all sections of the country can well unite, the
manufacturing sections and the agricultural sec-
tions, something in which we all have a deep in-
terest, and I nave a great deal more confidence in
