608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
its being brought to a successful result through
Gome other agency than through this Department
ihat'js to be so abundantly supplied with miner-
alogists and ornithologists and ichthyologists,
and dairyologists, and the other sorts of ologists
specified by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] on Saturday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I could very easily name men
of the highest character and position who would
undertake this without any compensation; but I
should be obliged to name them all from my own
State, because I do not know men from other
States who would be willing to do it and who have
the necessary information. The Senate, I suppose,
would hardly like to make an appropriation to be
expended underthe direction of three men from one
State. I can name three men or five men who will
undertake this work, who will expend this money
. without a cent of expense so far as their own per-
sonal services are concerned; and I do not know
that they would even charge their expenses; I do
not know that there would be any expenses. If
that will meet the wishes of the Senate, I will p.ut
the names in at once.
Mr. WADE. Put them in; let us have them.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest to my friend
from Rhode Island that perhaps it would be better
to take the questionupon the proposed amendment
to increase the amount of the appropriation. If the
Senate should decide adversely—I hope it may not,
but if it should—all this work as to the mouifica-
J tion of the amendment will be useless; the time
expended will be thrown away. With his consent
I renew my original motion; and we can amend it
further when he shall have prepared his amend-
ment, if this should be carried. If it should not
be carried, of course this work will be useless.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance has
reminded me that if my amendment should pre-
vail it will increase the amount above that pro-
posed by the House of Representatives. I do not
intend that; and in accordance with his sugges-
tion,! modify it so as to read " §125,000,"as in the
amendment prepared by the committee provision
ismadeforthepaymentof certain salaries,amount-
ing to $5,000. 1 therefore modify my motion to
amend the amendmentof the committee, by strik-
ing out " sixty" and inserting " one hundred and
twenty-five."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, at the
last session of Congress I opposed the establish-
mentof this Agricultural Department mainly upon
the ground that I thought it would lead to in-
creased expenditure for the purposes of agricul-
ture at a time when the country was but HI able
to afford that increased expenditure. I surely
have no opposition to the great interest of agricul-
ture. The son of a farmer, raised upon a farm,
and all my life more or less interested in agricul-
ture,! can have no prejudice or ill feeling against
the farmers. I am not heie to pronounce a eu-
logy upon the farming class, nor do [ suppose it
to be necessary. They have written their eulogy
upon the subdued forests and cultivated fields and
happy homesteads all over the country. It is an
important interest; all admit that; but the ques-
tion before the Senate is, whether we shall double
the annual appropriation for agriculture, by tak-
ing the bill of the House of Representatives, or
whether we shall take th% amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance of the Senate. I am
decidedly in favor of the amendment of the com-
mittee; and I do not believe that the farmers will
be benefited by taxing them to raise $130,000, and
out of thaffeum to give them the benefit of only
$53,000 in seeds, &c., distributed by the Agricul-
tural Department. It has been shown that the
salaries of the officers, under the estimate pro-
. posed, is $67,000. That will only leave $53,000
to be appropriated for the benefit of agriculture.
I am not here to disparage what the Agricul-
tural Bureau in times past may have done to ad-
vance the interests of agriculture, but simply to re-
mind the Senate that the introduction of sorghum,
and all the valuable improvements to which you
have been referred during this debate, were intro-
duced under a§60,000appropriation. I shall vote
fur that, and shall not vote for one single cent be-
yond it; and if it were a new system I should vote
against the whole thing, believing that the indi-
vidual enterprise of farmers interested in this pur-
suit would do more to promote agriculture than
any fostering care of the Congress pf the United
States; and believing that if an appropriation is
to be made, it should be made in aid of State ag-
ricultural societies, county agricultural societies,
and agricultural colleges. I "do not conceive that
I am an enemy to agriculture because I refuse to
vote $67,000 in salaries to officers, while the farm-
ers only receive the benefit of $53,000 of appro-
priation .
This was my opinion at the last session; it was
my opinion at the commencement of this debate;
and I have not changed my opinion because the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] has under-
taken to sweeten this debate with twenty million
gallons of sorghum molasses; and the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] not content to leave
the argument there, to make it stronger has brought
in sugar specimens from the sorghum. I shall
vote against any increase of the appropriation,
believing that it is an idle waste of the people's
money* and that the farmers do not ask that you
shall put your hands in their pockets and tax them
$130,000, out of which they receive only $53,000,
while $67,000 goes to foster office-holders in the
city of Washington. I do not believe the farm-
ing interest can be promoted by taxing them to
pay office-holders in the city of Washington in the
proportion of more than one half of the whole
fund raised to foster agriculture.
Mr. WILKINSON. The people of the State
of Minnesota are interested principally in agii-
culture, and they expect me, as one of the rep-
resentatives of that State, to support any proposi-
tion brought up in Congress for the immediate
and direct encouragement of that interest; and I
should feel inclined, in view of the importance of
that interestin this country, to support any such
proposition; but 1 do not believe that the amend-
ment which is now before the Senate will mate-
rially benefit the agricultural interests of our
country. I said on Saturday that when the bill
establishing this independent Department of Agri-
culture was before the Senate at the last session
of Congress, it was objected that it would mate-
rially increase the appropriations necessarily, or
rather that it would betaken advantage of for the
purpose of making a magnificent concern of it. I
favored that measure, because I wished to have
the agricultural interests uf this counti y acknowl-
edged by the Government; hut the friends of the
measure then said it would not necessarily in-
crease or augment the appropriation.
Now, sir, we are engaged m a war, a great war,
supported mainly by the agriculturists of this
country. Their sons are engaged in it; and of all
the men of this country the most loyal are the
farmers. I received a letter this morning from
Tennessee, from the son of a farmer of my State,
who complains that the soldiers in the army have
not been paid sincc last .Tunc. I do not believe
gthnt the agriculturists of the country will ask, un-
lit we are able to pay their .sons who are fighting
the battles of the Republic, that we should double
the appropriations which have heretofore been
made to support this Agricultural Office in Wash-
ington. 1 believe that the farmers of the country
would be opposed to such extraoidinary expend-
itures as the bill from the House of Representa-
tives calls for. 1 believe that they would rather
pay their sons who are to-day fighting the battles
of the Republic, than to pay the corps of scientific
men who are proposed by this bill to be estab-
lished under the control of Mr. Newton, the Com-
missioner of Agriculture. For that reason, I am
m favor of adhering to the proposition of the Sen-
ate committee, which I believe appropriates $5,000
more than has ever been appropriated before. It
seems to me to be the wrong time, it is inoppor-
tune now to double this appropriation, to increase
and enlarge your office here in the city of Wash-
ington to distribute seeds and such things for the
benefit of agriculture. I do not believe that the
benefit to be derived will compensate us for the
large increase of the appropriation; lam therefore
opposed to it and in favor of the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I think that
unfair conclusions may be drawn from the state-
ments that have been made by the two Senators
who have last spoken, and also from the facts that
were submitted to the Senate by the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Rice] on Saturday. I suppose
that the object of the organization of this office is
not to dispense the appropriation pro rata to the
farmers of the country in money, or its equiva-
lent* barter, the exact amount of seeds and plants
at their purchasable value in the market. The
object is to obtain information, as well as to dis-
tribute valuable seeds. To say that a large part
of this money is used in paying the salary of the
men employed and but a small proportion com-
paratively in the purchase of seeds and plants and
their distribution, is an indirect fraud on the farm-
ers, is an unjust argument. 1 see here in the hill
now pending a proposition to appropriate $12,000
for the salaries of the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia and the clerks in his office, and $4,000 for
the contingent expenses of that office. I have not
examined the appropriation for surveyors in the
field in that district this year; but last year it was
only $5,000. The amount of money expended
on the actual work in the field was last year less
than a quarter of the amount paid as salaries and
for contingent expenses of persons employed in
the office. Now, sir, shall we argue from these
facts that the office should be abolished? The
same general facts are true, perhaps, of all the sur-
veying districts. Are they therefore to be abol-
ished ? Sir, such a deduction is illegitimate. It is
an illogical use of facts. If not one dollar of this
appropriation were expended in the purchase of
seeds, it might still prove to be of immense value
to the farmers of the country. The Commis-
sioner of Agriculture and his subordinates are
employed in eliciting, collecting, and systematiz-
ing facts to be distributed to the farmers of the
country, as the agricultural report of the Patent
Office has been heretofore published and circu-
lated, many thousands of which have been printed
at the public expense, and sent, under the frank
of members of Congress, to the farmers of the va-
rious States and Territories. It is the intention,
however, of the House of Representatives and
the Senate committee to disburse a considerable
proportion of this sum for rare and valuable seeds
and plants; but this is a mere incident; by far the
larger proportion of the value to be derived will
be the dissemination of the information collected
and systematized and condensed in a readable
form, embracing the results of private experi-
ments as well as those conducted by societies and
public institutions of our own and other countries.
To be consistent, Senators who oppose the in-
crease of this appropriation on the grounds named
should insist on the abolition of the Smithsonian
Institution. Why keep it up ? All the interest of
that magnificent bequest is used in paying sala-
ries and the expenses of the agents of that insti-
tution in the field. Not one dollar of it is distrib-
uted, either in cash or property, to the citizens of
this country, or the inhabitants of the world. It
is all used m paying salaries, and the expenses
connected with the incumbents. They expect to
benefit mankind by disseminating the knowledge
that they collect. -We arc appropriating tens of
thousands of dollars to keep up a light-house sys-
tem and a Government observatory. They dis-
tribute no money and no property to mariners;
they collect facts and systematize them, and they
make reports; and the reports and charts are put
into the hands of those who control our marine.
It would be quite as fair forme to stand up here,
representing an agricultural State that does not
touch the ocean and lakes, that has no direct in-
terestin foreign commerce, and insist that this im-
mense expense incurred for commerce, for your
coast surveys, for your Nautical Almanac, for
your light-house system, should be dispensed
with. I might read a long catalogue of salaries
for superintendents, astronomers, professors, etf-
gineers, clerks, and employes, and declare the
whole thing an invention to supply people with
fat places; that the whole appropriation is con-
sumed in paying salaries. And yet, sir, who will
den^phe value of the Nautical Almanac, of these
voluminous charts and maps, prepared in this way
and published at public expense every year to
benefit commerce ? Would it be fair to argue that
thislarge'sum of money is all thrown away because
it is not distributed to the people. I am reminded
by my honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Da-
vis] that the same argument might be applied to
the appropriation made for keeping up a Navy in
time of peace for the protection of commerce.
There is no property ormoney distributed in kind
to the inhabitants of the country; the advantage
is an indirect advantage, butisas certainly derived
as if money were distributed to the people. They
derive it in legitimate trade; and if the people of
my State do not derive it directly from commer-
