APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIGNAL.
[December 1,
Stxii Gong....2u
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
insurgents to fortify. Frequently under fire, and
affording protection to loyal citizens and their
property within their reacn, these gunboats have
maae a lasting record of their services by their
participation in the battle of Shiloh, or Pittsburg
£ianding. Finding our army, forced back towards
tfie river by overwhelming numbers, those two
vessels selected convenient positions for shelling
the rebels, and from 3 to 6, p. m., were throwing
shot and shell into their ranks with effect. The
Tyler alorte, on this occasion, discharged one
hundred and eighty-eight shells.
VESSELS ON FOREIGN SERVICE.
Commodore Montgomery was relieved by Com-
modore Charles H. Bell, in the command of the
squadron on the Pacific station, on the 2d of Jan-
uary last. The vessels composing the squadron
are the steam-sloops Lancaster, (flag ship,) Sar-
anac, Wyoming, and Narraganset, and sioops-
of-war Cyane and St. Mary's. In June the
"Wyoming was detached and ordered to the East
Indies. The several vessels have frequently vis-
ited the principal Mexican and South American
ports in tnc Pacific., and our commerce and citizens
have received from them all required protection.
The steam-sloop Wyoming is at present the
only United States vessel of war on the East In-
dia station, though the sloop Jamestown is on her
way thither. No information of the disturbance
of.our commerce by piratical vessels or privateers
in the East Indian waters has been received.
The sloop-of-war Constellation, Commodore
II. K. Thatcher, has been cruising in the Mediter-
ranean since last spring. She has visited some of
the commercial ports of the Levant, and her pres-
ence has, doubtless, been conducive of good re-
sults, No disturbance of our commerce has oc-
curred in that quarter.
The small steamer Pulaski has been the only
Vessel on the Hruzit station during the year, and
I am happy to state that nothing has arisen re-
quiring the presence of an additional force, either
to secure the rights of our citizens or the safety
and protection of our commerce, both of which
have been respected and protected.
The Saratoga has been the only vessel on the
African station.
TheTuscarora for some time watched the rebel
steamer Nashville at Southampton, and then
blockaded the Sumter at Gibraltar. She was
relieved in the latter duty by the Koarsarge, and
endeavored to prevent the escape of the 290. She
is now in pursuit of this pirate.
The St. Louis has been cruising from the Azores
to the coast of Portugal and Spam, and is also in
search of the 290, or Alabama.
The Chippewa has been sent to relieve the
Kearaarge'm blockading the Sumter, and the latter
vessel, at last advices, was also in pursuit of the
5290.
The Vanderbilt, the San Jacinto, the Mohican,
the Sabine, the DaeoUih,theOnward,nnd thelno
are severally cruising to protect our commerce,
and have specially in view the capture of the 290,
or any piratical cruiser.
PRIVATEERS.
The rebel armed steamer Sumter, which, after
committing deputations, was, at the date of my
last report, fleeing to escape our cruisers, crossed
the Atlantic. She was tracked to Gibraltar, where
she 1ms'since remained, one of our cruisers vigi-
lantly guarding her from Algecirws. With tins ex-
ception, no other armed vessel has plundered our
commerce or inflicted injury on our countrymen
until within a recent period, when a steamer known
as the 290, or Alabama, built and fitted out in
England—a vessel that had not been m any port
or visited any waters but those of Great Britain—
went forth from the shores of that country ravag-
ing, sinking, burning, and destroying the prop-
erty of our meichants who, knowing our peace-
ful relations with England, and uninformed that
such a cruiser had been permitted to leave Great
Britain, were unprepared for such assault and
devastation.
How far and to what results this abuse may be
carried with impunity to the Government which
tolerates it isa matter of grave consideration. The
' piratical privateer 290, or Alabama, has no regis-
ter nor record, no regular ship's papers nor evi-
dence of transfer, and no vessel captured by her
has ever been sent into any port for adjudication
and condemnation. All forms of law which civil-
ization has introduced to protect and guard'pri-
vate rights,.and all those regulations of public jus-
tice which distinguish and discriminate the legal-
ized naval vessel from the pirate, are disregarded
and violated by this lawless rover which, though
built in and sailing from England, has no ac-
knowledged flag or recognized nationality, nor
any accessible port to which to send any ship she
may seize, nor any legal tribunal to adjudge her
captures. Under the English flag-, in which they
confided, and by the torch of the incendiary, ap-
Eealing to their humanity, our merchantmen have
een lured to destruction.
She was built and'fitted out in British ports in
flagrant violation of British law and of the royal
proclamation of neutrality, and I have reason to
believe that her crew is composed almost exclu-
sively of British subjects, or persons who, pur-
suing a lawful voyage, would oe entitled to ship
and receive protection as British seamen.
Before this piratical cruiser left Great Britain,
the authorities of that country were informed by
the recognized official agents of this Government
of her character and purposes'. The British Gov-
ernment, thus invoked, came too late to prevent
her sailing. To whatextent,under these circum-
stances, the Government of Great Britain is bound
in honor and justice to make indemnification for
the destruction of private property which this law-
less vessel may perpetrate, is a question that may
present itself for disposal. It is alluded to now
and here, not only from a sense of duty towards
our commercial interests and rights, but also by
reason of the fact that recent intelligence indicates
that still other vessels of a similar character are
being fitted out in British ports to depredate upon
our commerce.
Our own cruisers not being permitted to remain
in British ports to guard against these outrages,
nor to coal while cruising, nor to repair damages
in their harbors when injuries are sustained, the
arrest of them is difficult and attended with great
uncertainty. This Department has dispatched
vessels to effect the capture of the Alabama, and
there is now quite a fleet on the ocean engaged
in pursuing her.
THE NAVAL FORCE.
When [.entered upon the discharge ofmy pub-
lic duties as the head of this Department, in March,
18G1, there were but 42 vessels in commission,
and, as stated in my last annual report, but 76
vessels then attached to the Navy have been made
available. Most of those in commission were
abroad, and of the 7,GOO seamen in the pay of the
Government, there were on the 10th of March,
1861, but 207 men in all the ports and receiving
ships on the Atlantic coast to man our ships and
protect the navy-yards and depots, or to aid in
suppressing the rising insurrection.
Neither the expiring Administration, nor Con-
gress, which had been in session until the 4th of
March, had taken measures to increase or strength-
en our naval power, nutsvithstandmg the lower-
ing aspect of our public affairs; so thatwhen, a
few weeks after the inauguration, I desired troops
for the protection of the public propeity at Nor-
folk and Annapolis, or sailors to man and re-
move the vessels, neither soldiers nor sailors
could be procured. There wen- no men to man
our ships, nor were the few ships at our yards
in a condition to be put into immediate service.
The proclamation of April, placing our entire
coast from the mouth of the Chesapeake to the
Rio Grande under blockade, found us with a naval
force, even weie every vessel on our coast, inade-
quate to the work required.
1 have, in my former reports at the special ses-
sion in July, 1861, and in December last, made
full exposition of the steps which were promptly
taken to recall our foreign squadrons, and the
progress which had been made in augmenting our
Navy, by repairing and fitting, as expeditiously
as possible, every available vessel owned by the
Government, by purchasing such others as could
be made speedily useful in guarding our shallow
and peculiar coast, and by rapidly constructing
as many steamers as could be built at our navy-
yards,and employing, to the extent that we could
procure materials, engines, and machinery, the
resources of the country in adding others from
private ship-yards. The result is that we have
at this time afloat, or progressing to rapid com-
pletion, a naval force consisting of 427 vessels,
there having been added to those of the old Navy
enumerated in my report of July, 1861, exclusive
of those that were lost, 353 vessels, armed in the .
aggregate with 1,577 guns, and of the capacity of
240,028 tons-.
The annals of the world do not show so great
an increase in so brief a period to the naval power
of any country. It affords me satisfaction to state
that the acquisitions made to the Navy from the
commercial marine have proved to be of an excel-
lent character, and though these vessels were not
built for war purposes, and consequently have not
the strength of war vessels, they have performed
all the service that was expected of tnem. No
equal amount of tonnage was ever procured for
.any service at prices correspondingly low, and
with so little disturbance to the commercial com-
munity; and no vessels were ever constructed on
better terms for the Government, or have better
subserved the purposes for which they were de-
signed, than the twenty-three gunboats for which
the Department contracted on its own responsi-
bility at the commencement of hostilities, without
waiting for the action-of Congress. In no re-
spect during this war has the Cxovernment been
better or more economically and faithfully served
than in the additions that have been made by con-
struction and purchase to the Navy.
In order that the actual condition of the Navy,
past and present, from March 4, 1861, to Novem-
ber, 1862, and the expansion which has been
made, may be seen, I present a tabular statement
of the number of vessels, and the aggregate of
their armamentand tonnage, with adetail account
of the losses that have occurrcd since my last an-
nual report:
NAVAL FORCE AT DATE OF THE LAST ANNUAL REPORT.
Descript ion.
Number.
Guns.
Tons.
76
1,783
105.271
IMnchiured vessels  
136
518
*31,997
New vessels, completed and
under construction 
52
256
41,448
201
2,557
218,016
PRFSFSTT NAVU, FORCF.
Description.
Number.
Guns.
Tons.
74
1,691
100,008
PurcliaM-'d vessel* 
180
6tfS
86.910
Tian«-terrod tiom War and
TieaMii} Depai tments....
50
230
32,828
New ve^eK completed and
under construction 
123
659
120.290
• 427
3.268
340,036
Increase since last reported,
163
711
122,020
LOSSKS BY SHIPWRECK AND IN BATTLE.
Name.
It. B. Forbes (a)..
(.'oiiyrefs (!>) 
Cumberland (c) ..
Whitehall (d) 
>1. J. Carlton (e)..
Varmm (/) 
Sidney C. Jones (<*)
Wand Belle (h)...
Adirondack (i)....
Henry Andiew (j),
Sumter (k) 
Steamer 
Fnyate 
Sloop 
Steamer 
IVIortai schooner.
Stt-ann r 
Moitai i-chooner.
Steamer 
Screw sloop  
Steamer  
Steam ram  
Guns.
1,867
1.2-10
(n) Wrecked February, 1862, coast of North Carolina.
(h) In action with Meirimae, March 8, I£62.
(r) In action with Mernmac, March 8, 1862.
(d) At Old Point, March 9,1862, by Are.
(p) Attackoo Forts Jackson and St PlnJip, April 19,1S62.
(/) In action with rebel gunboats below New Orleans,
April 2-1, 1862.
( ) Grounded below Vick^burg, and burnt to prevent
falling into the hands of the enemy.
(h) Grounded m Appomattox river. June, 1862, and
butned to prevent falling into the hands ot the enemy.
(i) Wrecked near Abaco, AngUft23, 1862.
(./) Wrecked in a jiale near Cape Henry, August 24,1862.
(k) Grounded in Mississippi nver, and abandoned.
