670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
than double what they said last year was enough.
The question for-the Senate to decide*is, whether
they will be content with that sum, allowing the
employes' salaries, &c., to remain as they are,
doing the good that it has done hitheito; or
whether they will at one bound strike it up in-
stead of down, more than double what it was last
year. That is the question. Senators must not
present it and cannot present it fairly in that light,
as if we were opposing any of the benefits that
" have been derived hitherto from this Agricultural
Department.
One word more, sir, with reference to the prop-
osition of my friend from Rhode Island. If this
appropriation should remain at$60,00Cf,or$65,000,
- I have no objection to making a separate and ad-
ditional appropriation to test the particular mat-
ters of which he speaks, a reasonable sum, if ho
can only get at it, under competent persons to
make the experiment, because I vi w that as he
does, as the most important part of this whole
scheme. I would make the experiment, but what
I dislike is that my friend should take the $20,000
out, and, as a consideration for that, agree to go
for the §110,000 to bring up the appropriation to
the sum demanded by the Department. 1 would
help my friend so far as his own proposition is
concerned; but it seems he has rather sold out to
my friend from iowa, instead of making a bargain
with me on the subject, and therefore I tun op-
posed to his amendment going; in here, because it
carries with it the whole sum; but at present, I
believe, it is withdrawn, and (he question now is
on the §125,000. I have no objection to a reason-
able appropriation, what it should be I do not
know, to be expended under proper persons to
make the experiments alluded toby my friend from
Rhode Island. I know they cannot be made up
here; it is out of the question, and the money
would only be wasted in that way. Something
has been done, probably,In that way before.
Now, sir, one word more, and I have done.
The Senate see precisely what the question is; it
is a question whether they will double the amount
this year, at this time, under the present state of
things. I wish only to say, in addition, that any-
thing that the Committee on Finance may pro-
pose has no reference whatever to the gentiema*
who is at the head of this Department. I voted
for his confirmation. I believe he is a good prac-
tical farmer, an honest man, and is doing very
well there; but I do object under him, or anybody
else, to taking so great a stride toward establish-
ing a Department which is to eventuate, at this
rate of progress, in being as extensive a Depart-
ment of the Government as any other one in time
of peace. I hope the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa will therefore be iejected.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the amendment now under
consideration susceptible of amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Chair thinks not. The present
amendment is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire then simply to say
that I shall vote against the amendment of my col-
league raising the appropriation from $>f>0,000 up to
$125,000, for the reason that 1 intend, if that mo-
tion shall not succeed, to vote to add the amend-
tnentof the Senator fiom Rhode Island, in which
I believe that my constituents are much more
deeply interested than in any subject that can
come under our consideration in connection with
this subject. I shall vote against the amendment
proposed by my colleague, with a view to vote in
luvorof the proposition submitted by the Senator
from Rhode Island, by which $20,000 will be ap-
propriated to be expended under commissioners
appointed by the President of the United States
to test the susceptibility of tlax being manufac-
tured into fabrics of which cotton is now the con-
stituent. I have a good deal more confidence in
success being attained, and in the interests of the
country being promoted, through the investiga-
tions and action of such a commission than through
' the classically educated Commissioner of Agricul-
, ture or all his learned associates, the ichthyologists
and entomologists and ornithologists, that are to
- be appointed under the House biil.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
' is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yea<? and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as follows:
Y BAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Oarlile, Davis, Dixon,
Foot, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hieks, Howard, "Lane
oi Kansas, Pomeroy, Powell, Sumner, Xruinbult, Wade,
Willey. and Wilson of Mis,>o m—19.
NAYiS—Messis. Claik, Cowan, Dooliule, Fcssenden,
Foster, Grinin<, Harding, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Latham, Morrill, Rice, Ricbaid&on, sfaul&bury, Sherman,
Turpie. Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson oi' Massachusetts
—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Rhode Island moved an amendment which
I regard as a very important one; and for the pur-
pose of having that incorporated, as I think it
ought to be, and doing what seems to be liberal, I
move to amend this sum, and make it $100,000;
that is about half way between the propositions
of the two Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Rhode
Island can add his amendment as a separate pro-
vision.
Mr. ANTHONY. Whatever sum is fixed, I
propose to offer this amendment, although I am
willing that the amount shall be deducted from
the sum already appropriated or added to it, as
Senators see fit.
For invalidations to test the practicability of cultivating
and ptepaung heinp and flax as a substitute lor cotton,
$•20,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that by say-
ing §40,000, if that will meet the views of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. [" Oh, no!*']
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do n t want $40,000
for any such specific purpose. Gentlemen are
very libeial here on one ihing. I think we had
belter put in the $1:20,000 instead of appropriating
$>(>0,000 for general purposes, and £40,000 to in-
vestigate -one particular thing.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true that 1 propose to be
liberal to one particular thing. I think it of infi-
nitely more advantage to themtefests of thiscoun-
ti v to promote this particular branch of industry
than to disseminate onion seeds, beet seeds, and
articles of that description, that have been distrib-
uted heretofore—onion seeds thatdo notgrow, or,
if they do grow, produce an altogether different,
variety of product from that which is represented
upon the labels that accompany the seeds, as
my own experience abundantly proves. This is
something in which all sections of the country
are equally interested,the commercial States, the
manufaci tiring States, and the, agiicultuial States,
of which the Senator from Illinois and myself are
representatives, and for tins specific purpose 1
am willing to appropriate very liberally. I think
it is the great point that we want to accomplish.
I think that more depends upon it, m relation to
the future prosperity of this country, than upon
any other scheme in connection with agriculture
that can be suggested If the Senator fiom Rhode
Island is satisfied with $20,000, very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should be very glad to
have $40,000, but I saw that the Senate was dis-
posed to give §00,000, and I thought it better not
to go beyond that.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Rhode Island move his amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do. I move the amend-
ment..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be ivad.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in hues six hundred and sixty-one, six hundied
and sixty-two, and six hundred and sixty-three,
to strike out;
For Investigation? to ten the practicability of cultivating
and picturing flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton.
And to insert after the clause making the ap-
propriation :
For invents,uion* to t<;«i the practicability of cultivating
and piwpaniig flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton,
<?20,000.
Mr. RICE. I ask if that comes from a com-
mittee or a Department. I think it is not in order.
I raise the question.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is m order, be-
cause the biil comes to us with an appropriation of
$130,000, and we aie now proposing to reduce it
to $80,000; that is leducing the appropriation
$50,000 on the bill as it comes from the House of
Representatives. It does not increase any appro-
priation; on the contrary, it reduces the appro-
priation. The Senator from Minnesota sees I am
right, and gives up the point.
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, if
called upon to decide the point of order, is o1"
opinion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It says pay $20,000 fo *
investigation. Who is to investigate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can amend it in the
Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I regret that there is manifested
on the part of the Senate a disposition to reject
the appropriation which has been adopted by the
House of Representatives. I have listened to the
discussion with considerable interest, and it has
seemed to me that throughout the discussion there
has been some injustice done to this Agricultural
Department, f agree, sir, that as our appropria-
tions for agricultural purposes have been managed
heretofore they have not produced the effect they
were designed to produce. I know, sir, that the
approbations that have heretofore been made for
the purpose of promoting agriculture have not
been successful; hut why? Those appropriations
have been nmde to the Patent Office and this mat-
ter has been committed to a bureau—no, not to a
bureau, but to a mere clerkship, and the whole
thing has been overshadowed, I may say, per-
haps, smothered, by the manner in which it has
been managed; and if it were to continue I would
vote against any appropriation; I would vote to
abolish the whole thing. I agree that it has not
produced the benefits which we had a right to
expect from it, and I agree that seeds have been
diffused of very little value. It was a woithlesa
affair as it was conducted.
In view of that, a few months ago we undertook
to establish an independent Department. We ap-
pointed a Commissioner of Agriculture and in-
structed him as to what his duties were—to col-
lect and diffuse important agricultural information
and intelligence, to collect important seeds, and
to have important investigations made with a view
to enable him to perform the duties which are de-
volved on him by the very terms of the act creat-
ing the Depaitment. The House of Represent-
atives has appropriated $130,000. I am sorry to
see a disposition on the part of the Senate not to
unite in that. I believe it will not meet the ap-
probation of the people of the country. So far as
I know, the act of the last session establishing
this Department of Agriculture met with very gen-
eral approbation. 1 believe it was approved of
generally by the farming interest of the country,
and I believe that that interest will approve of the
appropriation, I think a moderate one, on the part
of the House of Representatives to carry into ef-
fect the purpose of that act.
1 am not disposed topiotract this debate, but (
regret very much to see a disposition on the part
of Senators to reject the appropriation which the
popular branch of the national Legislature has seen
lit to make. I should be glad to see at least
$100,000 appropriated to this object. It seems to
me that if we are to appropriate only £00,000, the
small sum that has hitherto been devoted to this
purpose through the instrumentality of the Patent
Office, then this appropriation of $'20,000 is alto-
gether too much in proportion; but if $130,000
were to he appropriated, I should be quite willing
to vote for $200,000 to be devoted to this specific
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
• Island to the amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee.
Mr. CARLILE. On thatquestion I should like
to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I think that
the investigation which this $20,000 is to be voted
to make, was made twenty-five or thirty years,
and perhaps fifty years ago. It seems to me that
we have fotgotten what we learned in our boy-
hood. Cotton has, until recently, been a substi-
tute for flax and hemp. Before we grew cotton
to the extent to which it has been grown within
the last twenty years, flax was grown upon every
farm in the land. Unless the experience of the
past is worth nothing to us, I see no use in ap-
propriating §20,000 for investigating the practica-
bility of introducing flax and hemp as a substitute
for cotton, when we all know that cotton, because
of its cheapness, was introduced as a substitute
