1803.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ror flax and hemp. Now that cotton cannot be jj Departments nml offices hereinafter specified, to bo em
had, it is likely that necessity, which is the mother 1 P*°-ved an<* continue only duiing the rebellion, and for one
of invention, will drive the people of this country ■: grafter Its nainHy.
again to the cultivation of flax and hemp. I am ij
opposed to the amendment of the Senator from i'
Rhode Island. j:
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j;
resulted—yeas 26, nays 12; as follows: j:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chirk, Davis, Dixon, j1
Fes^enden, Foot, Fo&ter, Grimes, Hale, H.ulan, Harris', i
henderson. flowtud. Howe, Kiiuj, Lane of Indiana. Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, c?uinner, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, YVilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—v26.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlllc, Harding, Hicks, Lath.tin. Mc-
Dougall, Powell, Rioe, Richardson, Sherman, Tuipie, VVd-
ley, and Wilson of Missouri—12.
So the amendment to iha amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. [ move further to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
44 §60,000M and inserting iS $80,000."
Mr. RICHARDSON, I rise, sir, to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the proposition increasing the amount of
appropriation for the Agricultural Depaitment to
$1£5,000 was rejected, i voted in the negative on
that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that to do that will only waste time, because the
vote will be taken over again when we come into
the Senate. The bill is now in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FOSTER. And I think it is out of order
to make u motion to reconsider in Committee of
the "Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole question will
be open in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from New York.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 withdraw that for the pres-
ent.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the proper place:
To encourage the cultute of couon north of latitude 36°
30', §20,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I hope the
Senator will strikeout the latitude, anyhow. We
need not say anything about latitude.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wanted to put itso
that it should be understood. I will modify the
amendment, however, by striking that out, so as
to make it read, " to encourage the culture of cot-
ton, $20,000."
The question being put on the amendment to
the amendment, it was declared that it appeared
to be rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to move his proposition again in the Senate, and
have the yeas and nays there, if he wants them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I withdraw it
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance, as it has been amended.
The amendment was agreed to. !j
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill,
and concluded the first section. :•
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi- ij
nance was to strike out the second section, winch 11
was in the following words: j'
Sec. 2 Jiii'l be it further emu te.l. That the v^lary of the ; (
Assistant Secretary of Htate '-hall be the Mine a- the Ah- 1
sistant Secretary o"f the Nav\, being $4,000, to commence j i
with the present fiscal year." ' |,
The amendment was agreed to. j1
Mr. FESSENDEN. With reference to the next j;
sections, marked three, four, and five, and the jl
clause that follows them, it will be seen that the j|
committee propose to strike them out and to in- .
sert a substitute. The proposed amendment is i,
merely those sections taken out and put together
in one, in a new draft, so that I think it unneces- I
8ary to read those sections. Let the amendment '\
alone be read. !;
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will |
b^ pursued. 1
The Secretary. The amendment is to strike J
out sections three, four, and five, and the clause ij
following the same, and to insert m lieu thereof: ij
Sse. —. Jiiul be it fxnther cnaitcd, That, in addition to ;j
the clerical force now authonzed by law, the following |
ek-rkx ami employs are hereby nuthoiiz<,d in the ?*-v*-ral '•
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed*'by the
committee to move an amendment, to come in after
the clause just read: "in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, live clerks of class four."
There is a letter here on the subject which is sat-
isfactory to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be'in-
serted in the amendment.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment, as follows:
In the office of ihe Second Auditor of the Treasury, three
clerks of class foui, eight of class three, twelve of class
two, one assi-tutu mesMMisjet ;it a xalarv of $700, anil one
laborer at a salary of "jjtfiOU "per annum.
In the office ol tin* Third \udttor of the Treasiuy, four
cleik- ol class lour, ioui o; cla * tlnee, four ol cluis two,
and eight of class one.
Mi. FESSENDEN. In the clause just read,
I move an amendment to change four to mx, so
as to make it six clerks of class four," to change
| " four of clasjj three" to seven, and the " four of
i class two" to nine, and the "eight of class one"
| to eighteen. That is m the office of the Third
j Auditor. I have a letter on the subject which
: can be read if anybody desires it. The commit-
j tee became satisfied that in consequence of the
. passage of the bill increasing the numberof cleiks
j in the office of the Quartermaster Guieral, busi-
j nesa will be sent forward nt so very rapid a rate,
that it becomes absolutely necessaiy, in order to
dispatch the business, that the number of clerks
m the Third Auditoi ys office should be increased
almost in propoition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands these to be the amendments of the Finance
Committee to their own amendment, which they
may modify.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance what is
the occasion for making so many of these clerks
of the fourth class. Those are clerks who draw
£,1,800 a year salary. I observe that tor the Treas-
ury Department there are several clerks proposed
of this $1,800 grade,and I do not understand from
an examination of the bill that there are any for
any of the other Depaitments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are more or less
m eveiy Department.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course I looked to that De-
pal tment with which I am more especially con-
nected lhan any othi i.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We give pretty much
what they aMc.
Mr. GUI M ES. Why do they ask for it? That
is the question. Why does the Secretary of the
Tieasury ask for £,1,800 clerks and the Secretary
of the Navy ask for only $1,41)0 clerks? Are not
as competent men required for the one position as
the other, and cannot just as competent men be
secured for the one salary as the other?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg leave to assure my
friend from Iowa that no disrespect was intended
to the Secretary of the Navy or the Committee
on Naval Affairs. The proposition was framed
simply with lefeivnce to the calls that were made
on us by the heads of Departments, I will read
an extract tVoni the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury:
u When I as-tnn-'d the administration ofthi- Department,
tlK'ie h.i'i been aligned to dill) in thi> odit tj and were em-
ployed here «<-vral elerks from other bureau* ofthe Depart-
ment That arrangement has continued to the present nine.
The exigencies ot the publie service, howevet,and the et-
traoidmaiy pr',j*ure of bie-mevs in every biuuclt ot the De-
paitnient, require that thove < e t|emoii should now return
to thai' res{)(',,•(i W bureaux and proper duties Thh create
a necf^ity tor funhei a-=ist,uiee ami chnoge-s m this
oflie where tlieduiie*. ;ue now v.Hied and oncrou-, re-
qunins nidu-fv and abilit} toi then pmpet execution.
"'To meet 111!.1- neee^t}, linretoo ,1 re-peetfuliv iceoin-
mend.imireqiif.--t that f may be authorized t<> appoint m
tins office twn ejeiks at a -alarv ot ^.'.OOU a yeai, and tlnee
clerical a salary of.^l.^Oh Thi«\\ill notincreasetheiium-
hei of cleiks now in this otiiei;, hut will dimply petmit tho^e
bcio.i^itig to othtii Dui'eau-. tr  teturii thej are needed."
The Committee on Finance did not agree to this
proposition altogethrn ; they thought it unwise to
make a new classification of cbo ks, and therefore,
inst< ad ofallowing two clei ksat a salary of §2,000
and three at ^1,800, they (>ropose to allow five at
a salary of ^l,y00. The duties in the office proper
of the Secretary ol the Treasm y are of a very high
class generally, and require very considerable
ability. When the Secretary of the Tieasury,
with the labor that ia now imposed upon him and
with his familiarity with the duties' of hts'o&ce,
says that lie needs clerks of that classy I am not
disposed to say that instead of them he shall have
clerks of a lower degree—$1,200 clerks, when he
says that he needs a higher class o'f clerks, and
men who probably will not serve for that amount
of fiay. That is the only reason I can give for
that part of the proposition. In reference to the
other 
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator if the
capacity ofcleiks.is always in proportion to their
P%\-. FESSENDEN. Not always; but the Sen-
ator, probably, if he thought advisable to become a
clerk, would command a higher salary than most
other gentlemen, because his services would be so
much more valuable.
Mr. DAVIS. But 1 am certain 1 should not be
able to get an office, and I believe that the most
competent men do not get them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. if such a calamity should
happen to my friend 1 dare stty his ability would
receive a proper reward.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt my honorable
friend fiom Maine would be fit for any office to
which he might be called.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I appreciate the compli-
ment, sir; and now, in reference to the other prop-
osition which 1 have made, I will read an extract
from a letter of the Third Auditor:
44 In mv annual iepott of the 8th November la<t, refer-
rini! to the nnmeiis.e inciea--e of hu.-dnoa in thi^ office, I
teennmicnded that authority he obtained for the employ-
ment ol twenty additional clerks 'as soon a* practicable.'
• Tln^ uieit*.\>e ot clerical foice was shown to be • abso-
! hiu l.v nece-Miy,'' and, indeed, a larsje increase would have
1 then been a>ked for but for the difficulty ari&ing from brtng-
! Ins in at once a lar^c number of new and inexpeneneed
1 eleik--, and which cannot well he done without interfering
i vvuh the current bunnies* of the office, {did contemplate,
how ever, that during the com ot the year another iticreaso
ot sty a like number ol clerks would be neee^aiy when the
accounts whieh had accumulated, and would probably con-
tinue to accumulate in the military buie.m, awaiting admin-
istiative examination, should be examined and transmitted
to thi- o(Viee loi hcuienient The>e accounts amounted in the
ai5«i"jj^te to mei a handled million dollars in the duarter-
ma.-,tci'Gcneial'^ Otliee alone, and they are bem« augmented
every month, I am now advised that ihe (iuaitermaster
(Jener.d, contemplates an increase of clerical force in his
ofhee t" the extent of over bundled clciks ; and a bill giv-
hu( th.it iaciea>e I undo stand ha? just passed the Senate.
Such a £10at increase will ^nd the account" here pooucr
than 1 ami' ipated In view ot this, it becomes my duty to
lecoinmend that the further meiea>eof the eleiical torce
of tins office should al o be authotlzed without delay. I
tlipr<Mbie recommend another increase ot twenty clciks, as
follows : two ot cla-s four, three ot cla-sx three, five of class
two, and ten of cia-s one—ail 6f those to be employed in
the investigation and settlement of accounts. This would
make the total clerical force ot thNoflice one bundled and
eleven cleiks, a number still below what would seem to be
nece«!-ary, eotwdenns that the amount involved in ac-
count* hcttbd therein ha-s increased tiom about fifteen lo
over two hundred and futy million dollars per annum.
The lowe -t giadc ot clerks—the fir«l class—leceivc a sal-
ary of .^'1,20u per annum ; but I think employment could bo
found lor say ten elct ks as simple cop) ixts ; and Tor this
dufv it-e- believed persons entirely competent could be em-
ployed at a considerably le-^ sahuy. I icpeetfully submit
wiu'tlier it would not be well to obtain authority for em-
ployment ot ten cleik*, male or female as may be consid-
eied advantageous, at a eompensation of fifty dollars per
month or .>GU0 pel annum.''
That was accidentally omitted, and readingthis
i letter will peihaps oblige me to move an amend-
ment. i
" In tins connection, I aI<-o bee to invite yourntt'-ntion to
the tact tliat some additional looms will be required. &.c."
I have nothing to add'to these statements. The
Committee on Finance cannot judge of the neces-
Mtic? of these offices. We know that then neces-
j s4tios are very great. We know, also, that the
| business that is done in the Treasury Department
jfcproper, and that which is done in the offices of the
i Second and Third Auditors, is necessarily bust-
| ness requiring very considerable capacity: the in-
! vesication of amounts, the decision of how far
! they are allowable under existing laws, and things
j of that description. Senators all well understand
i if. We take u for granted, with reference to that,
; that the heads of these offices are the best judges of
, what is demanded by the necessities of the offices;
■ and we have ac'ed accordingly with reference to
! tins particular matter. If Senators think that it
! is better to reduce the compensation of these clerks
i and make them all of different classes, the Senate
, will so decide. Of coarse, I have no Vish upon
j the subject, except to make the expenses of the
j Government as light as possible, to reduce as
j much as possible, or rather to avoid oh much us
! possible an inerease.
