m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
•31th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of ihe Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
States Navy, "doesjustice in conferring ranks and
grades that had, until that time, been withheld
from as meritorious and gallant a class of officers
as ever devoted their days and periled their lives
for their country. Though the justice to which
they were entitled has been long delayed, it was
gracefully and ge lerously rendered by the present
Congress, and has been and is appreciated by
the brave men who are its recipients, and by all
attached to the service, as a just recognition of the
'worth and ability of,the officers of the American
-Navy. It is a gratifying fact, also, that our coun-
trymen have responded with such unanimity to
the action of Congress, and that the unworthy
prejudices against naval titles and honors that
once existed have so generally disappeared.
The commanders of our squadrons now hold
rank with those of other naval Powers on the ocean,
on distant service, and wherever they carry our
flag or appear as the representatives of their coun-
try.
The operations and working of the law may be
improved and modified, in some respects, without
changing the general principles of the bill, which
are correct.
Votes of thanks having been rendered Flag-
Officers L. M. Goldsborou^h, S. F. Du Pont, D.
G. Farragut, and A, H. Foote, they were nom-
inated to the Senate for the place of rear admiral
on the day subsequent to the approval of the act.
At the same time the names of Captains Charles
Stewart, George C. Read, William B. Shubriek,
Joseph Smith, George W. Storer, Francis II.
Gregory, Eli A. F. Lavallette, Siias II. String-
ham, and Hiram Paulding were yent m for con-
firmation as rear admirals on the retired list. The
nominations nut having been submitted until the
closing hours of the .session were not acted on by
the Senate, but the officeis have been continued in
the places to which they were promoted. Officers
commanding squadrons, who, by the act of De-
cember last, were entitled to the rank and title of
flag officers, have, since the passage of the act of
July 30, been awarded, while on duty, the posi-
tion of acting rear admiral, thereby conferring on
them rank corresponding with that of officeis in
similar position m the navies of other eountries,
and relative rank with the Army officers of our
own, when cooperating or brought together on
active service.
in pursuance of the requirements of the fourth
section of the <l Aet to establish and equalize the
grade of line officers of the United States Navy/*
directing that the " ►Seeietary of the Navy shall
appoint an advisory board of not less than three
officers senior to those to be reported upon, who
shall carefully scrutinize the active list of line offi-
cers above and including the grade of masters m
the line of promotion,and report to him in writing
those who, in the opinion of the board,are worthy
of piomoiion;" i, on the ^2d of July, appointed
Captain Wiiliam B. Shubriek, president, and Cap-
tains Francis Gie^ory, K. A. F. Lavallette, W.
II. Gardner, and William W. AlcKean, as mem-
bers of the boatd.
This board assembled in Washington on the
24th July, and concluded their labors on the 5th
of August. Notice was forthwith given the offi-
cers whom they had designated of their rank and
position. The filth section of the law enacts i hat !
^ " the officers recommended shall be immediately i
commissionedbht as the Senate was not then |
in session, and as the u^ht ot selection and an- j
pointment cannot be conferred on an advisory j
board, or by law or eongiessional action to any i
other tribunal than is specified by the Constitu- :
tion, the names recommended will be presented j
for nomination and confirmation, subject to ihe '
decision of the President and Senate respectively
Ihe law having made no expiess provision for ,
officers not recommended by the advisory board, !j
other by promotion or p-ining them, a question .!
arises as to the disposition th.it is to be m ule of
the officers thu^ sunersed«d; for ij. js piesnmed '!
they are not to be diMn«.->-<ed, although a strict,!
^nd literal compliance v,.th tin. a. t would seem to |
require u. in another respect the iuw inadvert- J1
pntly does injustice to certain officers of the grade ji
Ot captain, who, though meritoiious> are super- ii
Seded by the act. 1 j'
These acd som-e otW defects and incongruities !i
require remedial legislation, and I respectfully
invite attention to them.
NAYAL ACADEMY.
The largely increased number of vessels, and the
greatly augmented force of the Navy in every re-
spect, call for an additional number of educated and
properly disciplined officers. But it is well known
that, while the demand for officers has increased,
there has been a large diminution of their number
by the desertion of those who at the commence-
ment of the insurrection left the service. Efforts
to supply the deficicncy, and meet our necessities
from the Naval Academy as early as possiblej
have been attended with embarrassment from legis-
lative action in regard to appointments. The school
itself has been restricted, not only by its removal,
but by the failure to complete the authorized num-
ber, in consequence of no selections of candidates
having been made by Representatives in many of
the districts.
Whatever may be thought of the propriety of
surrendering to the popular branch of the legisla-
tive department of the Governmentappointments,
or the control of appointments, expressly con-
fided in all cases by the Constitution to other de-
partments of the Government, and never to either
branch of Congress, or of the policy of mingling
the legislative authority with executive duties,
the practice of the Department has been to make
the rule of appointment accord with the laws
which are enacted. It is not necessary to discuss
in this place the right of Congress to prescribe the
locality from which appointments shall be made.
As an indication of a disposition that the naval of-
ficers should be distributed throughout the coun-
try, the Kxecutivo has mado it a point to conform,
as far as practicable, to the rule or regulation in-
dicated in the several laws upon the subject. In
consequence of the insurrection, however, and the
neglect or refusal of several of the States, to elect
Representatives to Congress, the number of mid-
shipmen had become reduced at the period when
the countiy required an increase, and the effici-
ency of the Navy was thus impaired or diminished
by the rebellion, for the suppression of which its
fullest power was invoked. Notwithstanding the
desire to conform to the wishes of Congress, so
far as they could piactically be carried into effect,
it was deemed unwise to permit those who were
waging war against the Government to weaken its
energy and impair its strength or to destroy or
lessen our naval power by permitting the insur-
gents, thiough neglect, to reduce the numbers uf
j-m) valuable an institution as the Naval Academy,
through a literal adherence to regulations of doubt-
ful constitutionality. Foreseeing this state of
things, 1 have, m former reports, suggested to
Congress that the Executive should have author-
ity, in form of law as wellasin fact, to select can-
didates for unrepresented districts as well as for
districts whose Representatives should have made
no selection.
When, therefore, the period approached for the j
formation of the class of the present year, and i
there remained a lar^e number of vacancies un- j
supplied, it was concluded to fill up the Academy I
by appointments for some of the vacancies cre-
ated by the rebellion. Such a course of action,
plainly demanded by the exigences of the pub-
he service, appeared to be in accordance with the
policy and spirit of the act of July 16, 186:2,
though some of the provisions of that act, as it
was passed, appear to be expressed in inapt terms,
and to be, indeed, to some extent, confused, if not
contradictory.
The number of midshipmen authorized bylaw
is 515; the number now m the Academy is 376,
leaving 139 vacancies, and it is proposed, unless
Congress shall otherwise direct, to form a second
clnss at the half-yearly examination in February
by popointments to oil the existing vacancies,
the Representatives having an opportunity to se-
lect candidates from their respective districts, the
places belonging to which have been made va-
cant. Dining the distuibed and unsettled con-
dition of ihe school and the country 1 have been
under the necessity of detailing,and oideung to act-
ive duty, some of the officers connected with the
institution, and, for the tune being, have selected fi
Under the extreme pressure for trained and ed-
ucated naval officers, the midshipmen of the two
highest classes were last year detached from the
school and ordered into active service. Two ad-
vanced classes have been formed, which are striv-
ing with commendable zeal to complete their
studies a year within the prescribed period. In-
struction in practical seamanship is continued dur-
ing the whole academic year. The midshipmen
areall organized in two ships'companies,each one
having his station assigned him in all movements.
In addition, they areembarked every week on board
the practice ships John Adams and Marion.
I earnestly commend the Naval Academy to the
fostering care of Congress, and reiterate my sense
of its importance to the efficiency of the naval
service. Its cost, even upon a liberal scale of ex-
penditure, would be insignificantas compared with
its usefulness when properly managed.
PRIZES.
Persistent and systematic efforts to evade the
blockade, and to convey articles contraband of
war to the insurgents, have led to many captures.
At the date of my lastannual communication, one
hundred and fifty-three vessels were reported to
have been seized by the blockading squadrons.
There have been since captured, and reported to
the Department, three hundred and ninety vessels
of all descriptions, making a total of five hundred
and forty-three Vessels that have been seized since
the blockade has been instituted. Some of the
vessels captured, which were frail and not calcu-
lated for a sea voyage, were destroyed, but most
of them, including a number of valuable steam-
ers, have been sent in for adjudication.
Some modifications of the laws relative to pro-
ceedings in prize cases were made during the last
session of Congress, but further legislation would
seem to be necessary to facilitate the adjustment
of these cases, and insure the prompt distribution
of prize money.
Of the large number of vessels sent in for ad-
judication, in only forty-five have the proceedings
been brought to a close, and while several million
dollars in amount have been captured, and are in
process of condemnation, the amount yet ordered
to be distributed is but §554,176 51. Of this sum
$376,595 65 is under decrees of the court at Key
West.
MARINE CORPS.
In submitting his annual report the colonel com-
mandant of the marine states that the corps is no\y
six hundied men short of the complement, as ex-
hibited by the general return, while, in his opin-
ion, an increase of five hundred men, with a pro-
portionate number of officers, is required.
There has always been a divided opinion among
naval officers in regard to maintaining a distinct
organization of marines for service on ships of
war, even before the great change which the ser-
vice has undergone by the introduction of steam-
ers, with their corps of engineers, firemen and at-
tendants. An incongruity attaches to the system,
for the marines are partly under the Army laws
and regulations, and partly under the naval code.
On shore they are paid by a marine paymaster,
on shipboard by a Navy paymaster. They are
subsisted on the Army ration on shore, while on
shipboard they have the Navy ration. Conse-
quently the condition of the marines varies from
shore to ship, or ship to shore, as they may be em-
ployed.
It would be better were the corps to be perma-
nently attached to either the naval or Army ser-
vice, instead of occupying an equivocal attitude
as regards both.
The discipline and proficiency of the corps are
reported to be satisfactory.
It is respectfully submitted that it is due to the
corps, from i's numbers and position, that the
commander should be made a brigadier general,
and thereby have rank corresponding with like
commands.
SEAMEN AND EMPLOYES IN NAVY-YARDS.
The number of persons employed on board of
our naval vessels, including receiving ships and
recruits,isabout twcnty-eightthousand; and there
are not less than twelve thousand mechanics and
, . laborers employed at the different navy-yards and
civilians ay instructors or assistant prof saors. .1 naval stations.
