672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
Mr GRIMES. It was unnecessary for the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to inform
the Senate that he had the utmost respect for the
Secretary of the Navy and for the Naval Com-
mittee. It would not be possible that it could be
otherwise than that he should entertain that opin-
, ion, and I probably should not have called the
attention of the Senate to the subject of these $ 1,800
clerks if I had properly understood the powers
and functions of the Committee on Finance; but
it seems I did not. I supposed,in my ignorance,
that it was the duty of the Committee on Finance
to ascertain before they reported to us that it was
advisable to create any new offices, first, the neces-
sity of the offices; secondly, the value of the ser-
vices that were likoly to be rendered by the offi-
cers, should the offices themselves be created; but
it seems that I am mistaken in regard to that.
My friend from Maine tells the Senate that they
are not the judges; that they accept of the opin-
ions of the 'Secretary of the Treasury upon that
subject, and allow him to determine all of these
questions, first, as to the necessity of the offices
themselves, and, secondly, as to the gradation of
the officers and the salaries that shall be paid
them: in other words, that we are merely to reg-
ister the decrees of the Secretary of the Treasury
in regard to the amount of patronage that can be
bestowed upon him, or to the number of officers
that shall be put into his bestowal, t am not pre-
pared to do that myself. I think that proper
clerks can t>e procured for a less sum than $1,800
a year, and as we confined the other Departments
to $1,400,1 tun going to vote to confine the Treas-
ury Department to $1,400.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply. The
Senator states me rather too broadly. 1 did not
intimate that we made no inqunies on the subject,
and contented ourselves with registering the" de-
crees of the heads of the Departments. That is
rather an inference of his; it is rather an oratorical
flourish, I take it, of which my friend is fond, than
a statement of the fact. What I said was simply
this: we ascertained to our own satisfaction that
an increase of force is needed, or of course we
should not grant it; vvc became satisfied of that
fact. I say, with reference to the particular kind
of force, the heads of Departments are bettor
judges than we are; for they understand their
"business. It is the misfortune of the Committee
on Finance that they are not informed minutely
upon every subject relating to all the Departments
of the Government. Their time is limited; their
capacity is limited; and they necessarily must fall
far short of what perhaps it would be desirable
for them to know. I am luippy, sir, that that re-
mark cannot be applied in any sense to the Com-
mittee on Naval A flairs. That Committee is uni-
versally informed on all subjects. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFI'CER. The\tmend-
ment as modified will be reported.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In the office of tlie Third Auditor of the Treasury, .«ix
clerks ol ela.ss lout, seven of class thiec, nine of c las.-* two,
and eighteen of cla^s one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do notundcrstand what
was done with the amendment I proposed to that
clause.
£ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator to propose it as a modifica-
tion by the committee of their own amendment;
so that no action is necessary to be had upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to add at the end
of that clause, as I suggested, the following:
And ten clei ks as copvists, at a rate of compensation not
exceeding $50 per month.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard that as a modification by the committee
of their own amendment.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment of the committee, as follows:
hi the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Boston, one
clerk, at a salary of .$1,200 per annum.
In the office of the Assistant Treasurer at New York,
clerks, messengers, kcepoi, and laborers, whooc salaries
in the aggregate shall not exceed $8,700.
In Use office of the Treasurer of the Mint as depositary.
In lieu of the clerks heretofoie authorized, clerks and mes-
senger, whose salaries m the aggregate shall not exceed
§5,500.
In the office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis,
messenger, watchman, and laborer, vvho^e salaries in the
aggregate shall not exceed $*2,000.
(n the office of the Secretaiy of the Navy, three clerks
of the fust cla&s and three of the second cla s.
three clerks of the second class.
Iti the Ordnance Bureau of the Navy, one chief clerk and
Jn the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, two clerks of
the first class and two of the second class.
In each of the Bureaus of Medicine and Surgery, Equip-
ment and Recruiting, and Navigation, one laborer, at an an-
nual salary of $600.
In the Navy Department, two additional night watchmen,
each at an annual salary of $600.
In the Pension Office, twenty additional clerks of the
first class. •
Mr. FOSTER. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to move to amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance in
regard to the Pension Office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggestthat it would be more convenient to allow
the amendment to be read through, and then move
amendments to it.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment, as follows:
And the several clerks and other employes authorized by
this section &hall be appointed by the heads of the several
Dcpaitments and offices to which they arc severally at-
tached; and the amount necessary to pay their salaries,
from the time of then appointment, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1863, and tor the fiscal year ending June 30,
1864, is hereby appropriated therefor.
Mr. FOSTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to move to amend the amend-
ment in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth lines,
on page 40, by erasing the words, "in the Pen-
sion Officc, twenty additional clerks of the first
class/'and inserting in lieu thereof:
[n tlie Tension Office, twenty additional clerks, one
messenger, and one laboier for the cm rent year, $29,500.
For the year ending June 30,1864, (or additional clerks,
thirtv-five in number, one messenger, and one laborer,
$31,300.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggestto the hon-
orable Senatoi that the last clause of the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance will save him
tiio necessity of making those calculations. That
clause reads:
And the several clerks and other employes authorized
by tins section shall be appointed by the heads of the heve-
raM)epar(ments and offices to which they are seveially at-
tached; and tlie amount necessary to pay their salaries, 1'iom
the tune of their appointment, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18G3, and (m the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864,
is hereby appropuated therefor.
If the Senator will only draw his amendment so
as to describe what sort of clerks he wants'in the
Pension Office, this clause will save the necessity
of his making any calculations in regard to their
'"iVtr. FOSTER. That will be all that will be
necessary; butin regard to this amendment, I will
say that the Commissioner of Pensions in a state-
ment both in writing and orally to the Committee
represents these amounts as being as small as he,
in his own judgment, can get along with in a
proper administration of that office. As we are all
awuie, then? is an exceedingly great pressure in
that office, and a loud call for additional force and of
course for additional expenditures. Probably no
department of the Government is more pressed
than the otfice of the Commissioner of Pensions.
No class are more meritorious and none probably
can l)e more suffering. I hope, therefore, the
amount asked for by the Commissioner, which
amount I have stated, will be granted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator be
kind enough to reduce the amendment to the form
in which he desnes it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. While the Senator is pre-
paring his amendment 1 will send to the Chair
an amendment fiorn the Committee on Finance, I
to insert as art additional section:
•And be it further cnactcd, That nothing contained in the
third section of an act entitled l< An act making supple-
mental appiopnations for the year ending June 30, 1863,
and (or the year ending June 30, 1SG-2, and for other pur-
pose," approved July 16, 1802, shall be construed to in-
crease the salaries? ot the Superintendent of the Census,
oi the Asquint Postmasteis General.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Whilst the Senator from Con-
necticut is preparing his amendment, I offer an
amendment to insert after the word "Columbia,"
in line eight hundred and seventy-five, the follow-
ing:
Including the «nme annual compensation, $250, to each
of the two ex officio metnbf'is of the Board of Polico from
the organization thereof, August 19, 1861, as is allowed by
law to the Commissioners ot Police.
So that the clause will read:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the Metro-
politan Police for the District of Columbia, including the :
same annuai compensation, $250, to each of the two ex ;
officio members of the Board of Police from the organiza-
tion thereof, August 10,1861, as is allowed by law to the
Commissioners of Police, $110,000.
I will explain the amendment in one word. I
offer it in obedience totheresolutionsof the Board
of Police in this city, who expressed the opinion
that it ought to pass. I think it ought to pass. It
does not increase the aggregate expense; it does
not increase the appropriation. It merely author-
izes the two Mayors of Georgetown and Wash-
ington, who are, by the metropolitan police act,
ex officio members of the Boaid of Police, to re-
ceive the same compensation that is allowed to
the other commissioners, to be paid out of the
same general appropriation. The same duties are
performed by these commissioners that are per-
formed by the others. One of them is compelled
to travel somedistance in order to attend the meet-
ings, and is put to considerable inconvenience;
and the other members of the Board of Police,
after having had about eighteen months' expe-
rience, have unanimously petitioned Congress that
such an amendment as this should be made to the
section now under consideration.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,]
as modified, will now be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in lines
thirty-seven and thirty-eight to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
In the Pension Office, twenty additional clerks of the
first cla^rf.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
In the Pension Office, for twenty additional clerks, one
messenger, and one laboier, for the cuirent year, $29,500.
For thirty-five additional clerks, one messenger, and one
laboier, (or the fi cal year ending June 30,1864, §51,300.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has not put
it in a form consistent with that portion of the bill.
I object to the amendment in that form. It does
not classify those clerks. They should be classi-
fied by law. Under the amendment as it now
stands, the Commissioner of Pensions could pay
just what he pleased to those clerks. The Sen-
ator should divide them into classes, so as to pro-
vide for them specifically,and then we shall know
what is to be paid, and the number of the clerks
to be employed.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose doing that, and
changed it at the suggestion of the Senator. I am
prepared, however, to state precisely what the
Commissioner asks, and prefer doing it in detail
exactly as he does ask it. The amendment now
reads, "in the Pension Office, twenty additional
clerks." There I would insert, "to wit, three
clcrks of the fourth class, four of the third class,
four of the sccond class, and nine of the first class''
—which makes the twenty for the current year—
" and one additional messenger and one laborer."
Mr. FESSENDEN. At what salary?
Mr. FOSTER. One at &700 and the other at
$GO0, as the others are fixed in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the amendment of
the Senator can be easily stated by the Secretary.
In the Pension Office so many clerks of the fourth
class. How many?
Mr. FOSTER. Three of the fourth class, four
of the third, four of the second, and nine of the
first, and one messenger at a salary of $700, and
a laborer at $GOO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be stated in that
way. There is no need of putting in any amount.
Mr. FOSTER. Then for clerks for the next
fiscal year ending June 30, 1864 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next clause of the
amendment of the Committee on Finance covers
the whole ground for next year:
And the several clerks and other employes authorized by
this section shall be appointed by the heads of the «,eveial
Departments and offices to which they are severally at-
tached, and the amountnecessary to pay their salaries from
the tunc of their appointment, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1863, and for the fiscal year ending June 30,1864,
is hereby appropriated therefor.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to state that the clerks
I have already mentioned are for the current year;
but the Commissioner asks for an additional force
for the coming year, the year ending June 30,
1864, which I will also classify as I have the first.
Five clerks of the fourth class 
Mr. FESSENDEN. In addition to those just
put in ?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There cannot be so many
as that required io the Pension Office.
