THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, £>. C.
Thirty-Set en*tii Congress. 3d Sessios
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1863.
New Series ]NTo. 43.
Mr. FOSTER. That is what the Commissioner
states, and he states it is the smallest force with
which he believes he can administer the office in
any respect satisfactorily. The amount of busi-
ness there accumulates to a degree that one not
conversant with it would hardly imagine. He
asks, at all events, for the year ending June 30,
1864,for the following additional fotce: five cieiks
of the fourth class, six of the third class, fight of
the second, and sixteen of the first, one messenger,
and one laborer.
Mr. ANTHONY. How many clerks in all?
Mr, FOSTER. Thirty-five.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie asks, in the first place,
for an addition for the current year. Then,does
he ask for this force for the next year in addition
to that granted for this year?
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir; for the next fiscal
year, ending; June 30, 18G4,
Mr. FESSENDEN. i know nothing about it,
and therefore shall not oppose it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question isun
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary can put
it in proper form afterwards. There is no need
of mentioning the sum m either case.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. HAItLAN. I move to amend the bill by
inserting on page 20, after line four hundred and
sixty-three, the following:
For the pay of the waged of one clerk in the consolidated
land office at Dos Moine:-, Iowa, at the rale of tlnce dol-
lars per day, $l,09«>, to be paid by the icgi^ter.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague, so as to make it read ;
For the i-alary of a clerk at the consolidated land officc
at Dos Monies, Iowa, $1,1)1)0.
1 will state what my colleague, I suppose, is
prepared to state, that alt the land offices in that
State have been consolidated in one, and every-
body m the State has more or less business to
transact with that land office. The land is nearly
all sold; and there are no fees under which the
clerk is to be paid for the thousand and one little
duties that are required of him.
Mr. RICE, la this appropnation for the past
or the future ?
Mr. GRIMES. For the future.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment, to change the
amount from $1,095 to $1,000.
The amend merit to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer an
amendment, to insert as an additional section the
following:
And he it fmther ev.actcd, That there shall b^ added to
the clerical and other loroe in the ofliee of the Qunttci mas-
ter General, to he appointed hy the .^ecietaiv oi War, lour
cleiksot ela^s four, ami uuietj clerks ofclas^ one, and thatv
copyists, and .six laborers at an annual compensation of
$600; and fo> tin.-: increase the s,u:n of §136,800 is beieby
appropriated,
Mr. FESSENDEN. We passed a hill the
other day on that subject, covering everything
that was necessary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We passed
the bill through the Senate; but it has not passed
the House of Representatives, it is now on the
table there. I find it has not been passed there,
and probably it may not be. There is no appro-
priation made in that bill, and so we thought we
would put the same bill which passed through
here with the appropriation necessary to carry it
out, on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it precisely the same?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Precisely
the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to insert it after the appropriation for the clerks for
the Pension Office and leave out the sum, bocauso
the last clause of the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance covers all the appropriation neces-
sary. The Secretary can put it in form.
43
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I thought
it wi\s necessary to put in the amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a general ap-
propriation at the end of the bill (hat the amount
necessary to pay the foregoing salaries is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then I will
modify the amendment in (hat way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator mod-
ifies iiis amendment by striking out the appropri-
ation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And putting it immedi-
ately after the appropriation for clerks for the Pen-
sion Office. I will inquire if the Senator is authoi -
ized to oiler tins amendment by the Committee
on Mihtai y Affairs ?
Mr. W lL^SON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The amendment, as modified, was agieed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to insert after line one hundred and sixty-
five the following:
PtovvUuh That all lithographing and engraving, wheie
the pmbdlilo co t exceeds '"hall b" awnded to the
lowest and be-t hiddei for the mtojo^t ol the Government,
after due advertisement by the riuperintend^nt of Public
rniitiug.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator explain
what he means by that?
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 mean that all lithograph-
ing and printing shall be given out by contract,
on advertisement, to the lowest and best bidder.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment to he insetted as a new section:
.fm? ho if further onnrfc 1, That all law^and parts of laws
allow ui2 oi ijiv iitr bountv on the tonnage of vessels engaged
in the cod oi othet bank bsiieiies be and the sainc aie hereby
u'pealed.
Mr. President, during the pendency of this bill
many Senatois have indicated that they couid not
give us a little appropriation for the agricultural
interests of the country, because we should econ-
omize and retrench nur expenses. It is well known
to (he Senate that the amounts paid to the parties
engaged in these cod-fisheries have taken out of
the Treasury, upon an average, some four hun-
dred thousand dollars a year for a great many
years.
Mr. GRIMES. How much this last year?
Mr. POWELL. I do not know anything about
this last \ear. Nun: tenths of all these bounties
go to (he States of Alasyachusetts and Maine. It
is evidently wrong, and in my judgment was
wrong fi om the beginning, to tax the entire people
of this country to pay any such bounty. I think
it wrong in principle; and as we are now subject
to very heavy expenses, and the people are groan-
ing under heavy taxation, I think it but right to
repeal these laws and withhold from these persons
the bounties which, in my judgment, they have
wioiigfully had for a great many years. It is not
my purpose to discuss the question;! merely ask
fm the yeas and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and tmv* were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will bring
in a b«ll to repeal those bounties, we can have a
discussion of the subject whenever he desiies it,
and we can find the lime; but I warn the Senate
that if they put it on this bill, T cannot give any
assniatice when the bill will be likely topassthi*
body and the other Houm*. It may pass here
pretty soon, for I shall perhaps have nothing to
say about it; but if it should get into the House
of Representatives it cannot be expected to pass
without a long debate and a pretty thorough one;
for it has always been a contested point, and has
been settled over and over and over again. I know
it is a specialty with the Senator from Kentucky.
He does not like codfish. He expiessed to me
his dislike pai ticularly of dried codfish. It does
not smell well, and as he does not like it he pitches
into it upon every possible occasion. [Laughter.]
If the Senate feel disposed to put this amendment
on this bill, thpy can do so, but they must do it
at the risk of allowing the bill to take care of itself
hereafter, so far as this Congress is concerned. It
will undoubtedly occasion a great deal of debate.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know how much de-
bate this proposition might occasion in tho House
of Representatives; but, sir, when their constit-
uents are taxed to their utmost capacity of endur-
ance, I think that House could not employ a few
hours in a better way than in relieving them of
these bounties.
The Senator, however, asks me why I do not
introduce a separate bill on the subject. I did
that at an earlv part of the last session, and bad
it referred to the Committee on Commerce, aiid
notwithstanding I appealed to the chairman of
that committee to report back the bill, they took
no action on it until tho close of the session, and
then they came in here with a general bundle of
bills, and that among the rest, and asked to be dis-
charged from their further considetation. I have
tried the Committee on Commerce on the subject,
and I can get no repoit from them in time to get
any action upon it. I do not think there is a bet-
ter place in which to put this proposition than upon
one of these appropriation lulls; and 1 think gen-
tlemen of the other House would employ their
lime most wisely and for the good of the country,
if they would devote even an hour or two to re-
lieving the people from this unnecessary burden.
Tne Senator jocosely says that I do not like
codfish. It is true the smell of dried fish is some-
what offensive to nv ; but allow me to tell the hon-
orable Senator that I like codfish much better than
I like the idea of my constituents paying these
bounties to hisconstituents. The constituents*)?
every other Senator here arc taxed this amountof
money to pay the constituents of the Senators
from Maine and Massachusetts this bounty; for
those two States get nearly the whole of it, and but
a small amount goes to the other States. Hereto-
fore I have looked particularly into the statistics
of this subject,and gave them to the Senate. The
whole thing was wrong from the beginning, and
is now wrong; ami if there ever was a time when
we should relieve the people from an unjust bur-
den, it is now. I know tho amount is small com-
paratively; yet it is four times larger than Sena-
tors are willing, upon pure grounds of economy,
as they say, to give to the great agricultural m«
terests of the people of the whole Union. I do
not think we could do better than to employ our
time m retrenching the very large and increasing
expenditures of "this Government, particularly
on objects which, in my judgment, are unworthy
of appropiiatioos out of flu* national Treasury.
So far as these cod-fisheries are concerned, if#t
is a thrifty business, I know there is thriftcnough,
and enterprise enough, and energy enough, in
Massachusetts and Maine to cany on the busi-
ness without a bounty. We have no more right
to give the people engaged in that traffic a bounty
than we have to £ive the people of the great valley
of the West a bounty for iaifting or slaughtering
pigs, or raising corn or peas. I wish at least to
test the sense of the Senate upon this question.
It is not my purpose to discuss it. However, if
gentlemen wish a discussion upon it, I am ready
for that. I am prepared at any time with the
statistics that I have heretofoie produced to the
Senate. *
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, if it ever
was necessary forus to allow this bounty for this
purpose, it does not exist now. The reason, I
believe, assigned when it was originally allowed
way that we might educate seamen. We are n#w
educating them in a better school for naval pur-
poses. Theie is no reason upon earth why at this
time we should take this large sum—I believe it
amounts to about £400,000 per year—for this pur-
pose fiom our people, who are already burdened
enough to support and carry on the Government,
I am for the amendmentproposcd by the Senator
from Kentucky. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say to Senators,
simply with reference to this matter, I do not pro-
pose to argue it at any length, but I do not think
this is the right mode to get at it by putting it on
an appropriation bill. That I have stated already.
Bat, sir, f certainly cannot help noticing the ar-
gument that is adduced by the honorable Sen-
