1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
first §60,000,000 could not be had, in coin, at bet-
ter rates than a dollar in bonds for eighty cents in
money; and that each succeeding loan would in-
volve submission to increasingly disadvantageous
terms. To obtain the first $60,000,000 would re-
quire, therefore, an issue of bonds to the amount
of $75,000,000, and, of course, an increase of the
publiodebt by the same sum; the next$60,000,000
would require, perhaps, $00,000,000 in bonds and
debt; and the next $60,000,000, if obtainable at
all, would require,perhaps,$120,000,000. Itwas
easy to see that on this road utter discredit and
paralysis would soon be reached. The adoption
of a plan of finance involving such consequences
was not compatible with the Secretary's ideas of
public duty.
There remained but one other possible way of
raising money by the negotiation of bonds in the
usual mode. That way was, to receive in pay-
ment of loans the notes or credits of the banks in
suspension.
To ascertain what would have been the conse-
quences of a resort to this expedient, it is neces-
sary to remember that the bank circulation of the
loyal States amounted, on the 1st day of January,
1861, to $150,000,000; that it had been reduced to
$130,000,000 on the lstday of January, 1862; and
that this circulation was diffused throughout the
country in all the channels of business. In these
circumstances the collection by loans of sufficient
amounts to meet the demands upon the Treasury
in season for prompt payments would be extreme-
ly difficult. The negotiation of such loans, to the
extent required by the public exigencies, would
-create a demand for the notes which would involve
the necessity, at first, of sacrifices not greatly infe-
rior to those attendant on coin loans. If subsequent
negotiations should become practicable at seem-
ingly better rates, it would be because the Gov-
ernment demand had stimulated the making and
issuing of bank notes to an extent far beyond the
ordinary needs of business. The increase of cir-
culation thus stimulated would be unlimited,
except by the possibility of obtaining interest on
loans of it; or, in other words, by the possibility
of obtaining credit for it with the community and
tjie Government. This limit, certain to be finally
reached by all banks improvidently managed,
would not, however, be readied immediately, or
at the same time by all institutions, or by the
same rate of progress in all parts of ihe country.
But an excessive circulation would surely be
thrust upon the community,forming a currency,
everywhere, but irregularly depreciated, destined
in part to become worthless, and certain to tax
and derange, bfvond measure, the business of
the people, and to embarrass, if not arrest, the
operations of the Government. Loans negotiated
in this circulation would be simply exchanges of
the debts of the nation, bearing interest and cer-
tain to be paid, for the debts of a multitude of
corporations, bearing no interest and certain, in
part, never to be paid.
This is but a partial representation of the con-
sequences apprehended from the receipt of hank
notes for loans to the Government. Their char-
acter made it impossible for the Secretary to rec-
ommend such negotiations, and wholly improba-
ble that Congress would authorize them, if rec-
ommended.
No other mode of providing, with any tolerable
degree of promptitude, for the wants of the Aimy
and Navy, and the necessities of other branches
of the puulic service, seemed likely to eifect the ob-
ject with so little public inconvenience and so con-
siderable public advantage as the issue of United
States notes adapted to circulation as money, and
available, therefore, immediately in Government
payments.
It was not necessary that the Secretary should
recommend this plan to Congress. In his report
at the commencement of the session he had pointed
out the inconveniences and dangers of a circula-
tion of Government notes, even though converti-
ble into specie, and had dwelt especially on the
probability that such a circulation would ulti-
mately sink into an irredeemable paper currency.
At that time he expected a continuance of specie
payments,and hopedthatabankingsystem would
be authorized which would at once furnish asound
circulating medium and afford a firm support to
the public credit. Neither the expectation nor the
hope, however, had been realized, and a choice
was now to be made between a currency furnished
by numerous and unconnected banks in various
States, and a currency furnished by the Govern-
ment which the Government could and would, ex-
cept in a very improbable, not to«say impossible,
contingency, amply provide for and protect. With
these alternatives before him, the Secretary had
already declared his unhesitating preference for a
circulation authorized and issued by national au-
thority._ But the enlightened Senators and Rep-
resentatives who composed the financial commit-
tees of the respective Houses required no new
statement of his views on this subject. They saw
clearly the necessities created by the suspension,
and at once adopted the measure demanded by
them. The Secretary, concurring entirely in their
judgment, had no duty to perform except that of
giving such information and such aid as they
called-for and he could supply.
An emission of $50,000,000 had been author-
ized by Congress at the July session, 1861, not
with the design of furnishing a general currency,
but for the purpose of making good any di(Ter-
ences between the amounts obtained by loans and
the sums required by the public service. Of these
notes $33,460,000 were in circulation at the time
of the suspension. Up to that date every note
presented for payment had been promptly re-
deemed in coin. After the suspension an ad-
ditional emission of $10,000,000 was authorized,
on the 12th of last February. Roth these issues,
amounting together to $60,000,000, were made re-
ceivable for alj public dues, including customs.
It nowbecame thedutyofCongress, not merely
to provide the means of meetingthe vast demands
on the Treasury, but to create a currency with
which, until the close of the war at least, loans and
taxes might be paid to the Government, debts to
individuals discharged, and the business of the
country transacted. Nothing less would satisfy
the need of the time.
This duty Congress partially performed by au-
thorizing an emission of $90,000,000 in United
States notes, in addition to the $60,000,000 pre-
viously authorized, making $150,000,000 in all.
The $90,000,000 last issued were made receivable
for all national loans and dues, except customs,
payment of which was required in specie, or notes
of the first two issues.
At a later period of the session, in view of the
withdrawal of the $60,000,000 receivable for duties
from circulation, and of the expediency of provid-
ing a permanent resource for meeting all demands
upon temporary deposits in the Treasury, Con-
gress authorized a further issue of $150,000,000,
of which, however, $50,000,000 were to be re-
served from issue until actually required for pay-
ment of deposits.
At a still later date Congress, upon the recom-
mendation of the Secretary, authorized the use
of postage and revenue stamps as a fractional cur-
rency, preferring this expedient to metallic tokens
or coins reduced in value below existing standards.
These various acts, taken together, authorized
the emission of $250,000,000 in United States
notes, and a further emission of $50,000,000, if
needed, for the payment of deposits. Of these
emissions,the $60,000,000 receivable for customs
were not available as circulation, butnnghtbe le-
placed, as paid in, by notes of the new issues
which were thus available, so that, in the end, a
total circulation of $250,000,000 might be reached,
and, in an improbable contingency, increased by
$50,000,000 more. An emission of fractional cur-
rency, as just stated, was also authorized.
In aid of these provisions for public payment,
the Secretary recommended, and Congiess, by
different enactments, authorized, the receipt on
temporary deposit, at an interest not exceeding
five per cent., of such sums as might be offered,
not exceeding, in the whole, $100,000,000, and
the payment, to such creditors as might choose
to receive them, of certificates of indebtedness,
payable in one year and bearing six per cent,
interest. Congress also authorized the issue of
national bonds to the amount of $500,000,000,
into which the United States notes issued might
be converted at the will of the holder. It was
provided that these bonds should carry an interest
of six per cent, in specie, and be redeemable after
five and payable in twenty years. They have
received the name of five-twenties, or five-twenty
sixes.
These measures have worked well. Their re-
sults have more than fulfilled the anticipations of
the Secretary. Had other urgent demands on the
attention of Congress permitted the consideration
and adoption of the suggestions which the Secre-
tary ventured to submit in favor of authorizing
the formation, under a proper general law, of
banking associations, issuing only uniform notes
prepared and furnished by the national Govern-
ment, and of imposing a reasonable tax on the
circulation of other institutions, no financial ne-
cessity would, perhaps, now demand additional
legislation for the current year, except such as
experience might suggest for the perfecting of
measures already sanctioned. 4
A short statement will exhibit the practical
workings of the laws actually enacted.
To the 1st day of July, 1862, $57,926,116 57 had
been received and were remaining on deposit. Uni-
ted States notes to theamountof $158,591,230had
been issued and were in circulation; $49,881,979 73
had been paid in certificates of indebtedness; and
$208,345,291 86 had been paid in cash. Not a sin-
gle requisition from any Department upon the
Treasury remained unanswered. Every audited
and settled claim on the Government, and every
quartermaster's check for supplies furnishea,
which had reached the Treasury, had been met.
And there remained in the Treasury a balance of
$13,043,546 81.
The reverses of June, July, and August, af-
fected, of course, injuriously this financial condi-
tion. The vast expenditures required by the large
increase of the Army, authorized by Congress and
directed by the Piesident, made exhausting de-
mands on all available resources. The measures
of Congress, however, enabled the Secretary to
provide, if not fully yet almost fully, for the con-
stantly increasing disbursements. Ihe actual pay-
ments, other than for principal of public debt,
during the quarter ending on the 30th of Septem-
ber, were $111,084,446 75; during the month of
October they were $49,243,846 04; and during the
month of November, $59,847,077 34; while the
accumulation of lequisitions beyond resources
amounted to less than the fourth of the aggregate
of these sums, namely, to $48,354,701 22.
It remains to consider what further resources
for satisfying the debt now existing in the form of
requisitions, and meeting other present and pros-
pective demands upon the Treasury, may be pro-
vided under existing legislation; and what addi-
tional measures may be beneficially adopted for
the improvement of the revenue and for the sure
establishment of the public credit by the discharge,
with the gieatest possible promptitude and punc-
tuality, of all public obligations.
The whole power to borrow money under the
act of July, 1861, to authorize a national loan, is
now exhausted. The only important laws under
which means for meeting demands on the Treas-
ury can be had are those cnacted or modified by
Congress at its last session.
. These are of two general classes, namely, those
which provide levenue from duties and taxes, and
those which authorize the obtaining of money by-
loans in various forms.
The laws of the first class are, (1st,) the several
acts imposing duties on imports, and (2d,) theact
to provide internal revenue.
The laws of the second class are, (1st,) theact
authoiizingthe issue of United States notes, and of
six per cent, bonds of the United States, redeem-
able after five and payable in twenty years, to the
amountof$500,000,000; (2d,) the two acts author-
izing the issue of certificates of indebtedness and
the purchase of com; (3d,) the act authorizingan
additional issue of United States notes; and (4th,)
the act authorizing payments in stamps.
The laws of the first class have been too recently
enacted, and their practical operation and results
are affected by too large a variety of circumstances,
to warrant any very cdnfident opinions either as
to the particulars in which amendments may be
required or the amount of revenue which maybe
expected from them. The year which will elapse
before the next regular session of Congress will
allow sufficient time for practical tests, and will
doubtless suggest beneficial modifications. It
seems already probable that some taxes imposed
