1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there is no express authority. I know that here-
tofore when hispredecessorappointed a commis-
sioiHT lo proceed to Europe foi the collection of
seeds, it was pronounced an unwarrantable as-
sumption of power on the part of that officer.
The amendment to the amc ndment was rejected
—ayes six, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment, made as in Committee of*
the Whole, as it has been amended.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does not my amend-
ment come in here to expend a part of the $20,000
for cotton as well as for hemp and flax ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
submitted no amendment in the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I postponed it with
the understanding that it was to be offered in the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be offered
n o w.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend by
inserting i% and for encouiaging the culture of cot-
ton," so as to make the last clause of the amend-
ment read:
Tor investigations to te«t the practicability of cultivating
and preparing flax and hemp as a substitute foi cotton, and
for encouraging the culture of cotton, A20,l>00.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope thatamendmont will
not prevail. If the Senator desires to make an
appropriation for this specific object, I hope he
will propose it as a separate clause and not divert
a part of this appiopriation to anoihei object,
which will only defeat the one we have aheady
agreed on with such unanimity. There is not too
much for thi< purpose.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. All the expense that
the Depai tnn'Ut will be at will be in procuring
and sending the seed to those States wheie cotton
can be raised. It will not cost more than a few
thousand dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. That the Commissioner al-
ready has power to do under the general appro-
priation. He has been doing it; he has sent some
cotton seed to me.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But the amount that
he is sending is limited. I want to increase the
supply.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have added $20,000
to the general appropriation, so that he can make
a largo increase. Instead of $60,000, as last year,
we now appropriate ^80,000 to enable htm to make
a larger distribution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should hke very
much to have my amendmentadoptcd. I feci that
it would be fruitful of good results.
The amendment to tlu> amendment was rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
"Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. LANE, of Kanea°. I now move r.n inde-
pendent amendment of $5,000 fr r the culture of
cotton:
For encouraging the culture of cotton. $5,000.
Mr. "MeDOUGALL. Is that an independent
amendment by itself?
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the Senator from
Kansas if he will not insert the word " tobacco"
after " cotton." There are varieties of tobacco
which can be cultivated profitably in the middle
States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe I must make a
question of oi tier.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the amendment
is not moved in pursuance ot the recommendation
of a Department or a report of n committee, and
proposes an increase of appropriation, it is not ill
order within the rules.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does not the Com-
missioner of Agriculture recommend an appropri-
ation of $130,000, and ask for a portion ot" that
appropriation for cotton ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware how that may be.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand the rule as
applicable to this ease, it can be illustrated by .stat-
ing that this is an amendment to an amendment.
The amendment of theCommitteeon Finance pro-
poses to cut down the appropriation as proposed
by the House of Representatives. It oi initially
stood £130,000, but the Committee on Finance
moved to reduce it,and amendments to that amend-
ment have been proposed,all of which,if adopted,
will diminish the aggregate amount.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the amendment
be in pursuance of the recommendation of a com-
mittee or a Department, it is in order. The Chair
is not aware of any such recommendation; his at-
tention has not been called to it; otherwise, in the
opinion of the Chan, it is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand it, this is
not a proposition to increase the appropriation in
the bill. The appropriation in the bill which is
pending is $130,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator so
makes his motion, if he makes a motion to amend
the bill by using $5,000 of the moneys already
appropriated, his amendment is in order; but the
Chair understood it to be an additional appropri-
ation of $5,000.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Now, Mr. President,
at your suggestion I move that there be $6,000 of
the appropriation applied to the encouragement
of the culture of cotton and tobacco.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ In the opinion of
the Chair that amendment is in order.
Mi. HOWARD. I hope thatamendment will
not prevail. It appears to be too broad in its
language. It proposes to make this appropria-
tion " to encouiage the cukuie of cotton," if I
mistake not. I do not understand the amend-
ment perfectly well.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
from Michigan permit me? All I want the money
for is for the distribution of cotton and tobacco
seed, and I will accept a modification of that kind.
Mr HOWARD. Ah, very well. Idonotdeem
it necessary for any such purpose as that. The
statute passed at the last session of Congress gives
to the Commissioner of Agriculture full authority
now, and requires him, indeed, to make a 44proper
distribution" of all the seeds which he may col-
lect. In order that Senators may know what his
authority actually is, I beg to read very briefly
from the second section of the act of the last ses-
sion:
" That it shall he the duty of the Commissioner of Agri-
cuUuie to acquire ami pi (-serve 111 Ins Department all in-
formation concerning agriculture which ho can obtain hv
mean* ot books and ennespondence, and hv practical and
scientific experiments, (accurate leeordsnf which expert
nitwits sh.ill lie k«pl m his office,) by the collection of statis-
tic*, and h\ anv orhei appropriate means within ht*  power;
to collect, as lie ma.v able, new and valuable seeds and
plant-; to te«t, by cultivation, me value of such ol tlietn as
niav requhe Mich t--*t, to propagate such n-. may be woith\
ol piopagation.and todistubute them among aynculturwu."'
The distribution is one of his primary duties.
, As long as we have a Commissioner of Agricul-
i tare it seems to me we may fairly and reason-
i ably !ea\e it to him to distribute the seeds which
ho may collect to such persons as he may think
best. We cannot judge for him, nor do I think
' that wc ought to attempt to do any such thing,
j He has full and ample power now, under the
| statute as it exists, to make distribution of all the
| seeds that he may acquire of every kind and de-
1 sctiption, and it seems to me that that power is
! sufficient. I certainly would not authorize him
i to use any part of the appropriation in any other
: way than such as is defined in the statute itself.
| I would not open the dooi so broadly as to allow
' him to use this money to encourage this, that, or
' the other description of cultivation, because we
: know not in what way he may construe language
! " to encourage the cultivation" of any of these
1 things. 11 seems to me, therefore, that the amend-
| merit offered by the Senator from Kansas is cn-
j tirely unnecessary at this time. It is already pro-
! vnled for in the law.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. If I understand the ob-
jection taken by the Senator fiom Michigan, it is
'that the Commissioner already has the power
under the law to expend a poition of this appro-
! pnation, if he deems it necessary, for this pur-
! pose. The proposition of the Senator from Kan-
i sas is that lie shall expend this much for this
j particular purpose. It leaves him no discietion,
j and he should have none, in rcgaid to the par-
ticular aiticles referred to m the amendment of
■ the Senator from Kansas. It is true there are but
I small poitions of the country now represented in
j this body where they can cultivate one of the ar-
, tides referred to m thatamendment—the State of
i Kentucky, a portion of the State of Illinois, the
; State of 'Missouri, and a portion of the State of
i Kansas. We ought not to leave it discretionary
with the Commissioner to appropriate a few hun-
dred dollars for this purpose when these interests
will require certainly as much as the appropria-
tion asked for by the Senator from Kansas, For
that reason, I am in favor of the proposition mo^ed
by the Senator from Kansas. Fie asks for but &
very small amount to be appropriated to this par-
ticular purpose and no other. I think that if the
Senator from Michigan will reflect a moment on
this subject, he will sec that it diverts buta small
portion of the appropriation for the purpose of
buying and distributing cotton and tobacco seed,
and testing the practicability of the growth of cot-
ton and tobacco in the small portion of the coun-
try of which we now have undisputed possession
where they can be grown.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Kansas that, while I am rather disposed to
support hisamendment, I think $6,000 is a pretty
large appropriation to be expended in seeds alone.
It stands now merely for distribution of cotton
and tobacco seeds. That is a great deal more than
can be required. If the Senator will reduce it to
half that amount I think he will get it.
Mr. POWELL. The object of this amend-
ment, as I understand, is to distribute cotton and
tobacco seeds. I will say to the Senator from
Kansas that one gallon of tobacco seed will be
enough for his whole State.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favor of a small ap-
propriation in this direction. We appropriated
$3,000 last year, as will be remembered, for cotton
sctd,and it was notali used. They did not find a.
demand for all that $3,000 could procure last year'.
I have been able to send considerable to my own
State, ami not being able to send all that I wanted
to send I bought a ton, sent it out and made a pres-
ent of it to the Agricultural Society of my State
out of my own money, because I thought 1 could
not get what we desired, what I knew our men
wanted. I think a few thousand dollars, two or
three thousand dollars, could be very well appro-
pi mted in this direction. I think that woulu be
sufficient.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will consent to re-
duce the amount to whatever the Senator from
Maine may suggest. All I want is to have th©
seed sent out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think $3,000 is ample
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I so modify the amend*
mcnt.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope now the amendment
will be read as it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
to insert after the appropriation of $80,000 for
agricultural purposes, " $3,000 of which appro-
priation shall be for encouraging the culture of
cotton and tobacco."
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to be stren-
uous. I certainly do not think the mere appro*
priation is to be resisted, for I am willing to go as
far as any one for the purposes of agriculture, but
I see no propriety whatever in restricting the
authority of the Commissioner in reference to
tobacco and cotton, and requiring him to apply
a certain amount of money oy way of encourage-
ment to the culture of these two articles. Sup-
pose that we of the wheat-growing region should
be strenuous, and demand that he should apply
a certain proportion of the money which we place
in his hands for the culture of wheat, or oats, or
corn, or any other description of grain. We
might with the same propriety do so, as the Sen-
ators on the other side insist upon the restriction
of his power in reference to cotton and tobacco.
U is this restriction, it is the taking away from the
Commissioner of Agriculture that salutary dis-
cretionary authority which was given him under
the statute creating his bureau, of which I com-
plain. I am entirely willing to leave it to his good
sense as a public officer how much money shall
be applied to one object or another, properly
coming within his Department; but this mode of
gi\ing him specific instructions I am opposed to.
The statute requires him to distribute the seeds
which he may obtain, whether cotton seed, to-
bacco seed, or any other description of seed; but
under this amendment he is to proceed to enter
upon the business of encouraging the culture of
cotton and tobacco. What docs that word imply?
It may imply even the purchase ot land for that
purpose, the establishment of a cotton plantation
m Illinois or some other part of the country, or a.
tobacco plantation; both of them to be experi-
mental. I take it that it is not the intention of the
Senator from Kansas or the Senator from Illinois
