i
26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
3Tth Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
claim at least part of the benefit of debt without
interest, made into money, hitherto enjoyed ex-
clusively by the banks. These demands are just,
and must be respected. But there need be no sud-
den change; there need-be no hurtful interference
with existing interests. As yet the United States
note circulation hardly fills the vacuum caused by
-the temporary withdrawal of coin; it does not,
perhaps, fully meet the demand for increased cir-
culation created by the increased number, variety,
and activity of payments in money. There is
opportunity, therefore, for the wise and beneficial
regulation of its substitution for other circulation.
The mode of substitution also may be judiciously
adapted to actual circumstances. The plan sug-
gested consults both purposes. It contemplates
gradual withdrawal of bank note circulation, and
proposes a United States note circulation, fur-
nished to banking associations, in the advantages
of which they may participate in full proportion
to the care and responsibility assumed, and the
services performed by them. The promptitude
and zeal with which many of the existing insti-
tutions camo to the financial support of the Gov-
_ ernrfient in the dark days which followed the out-
break of the rebellion is not forgotten. They
ventured largely and boldly and patriotically on
the side of the Union and the constitutional su-
fremacy of the nation over States and citizens.
t does not at all detract from the merit of the act
tlmt the losses which they feared, but unhesita-
tingly risked, were transmuted into unexpected
gains. It is a solid recommendation of the sug-
gested plan that it offers the opportunity to those
and kindred institutions to reorganize, continue
their business under the proposed act, and, with
little loss, and much advantage, participate in
maintaining the new and uniform national cur-
rency.
The proposed plan is recommended, finally, by
the firm anchorage it will supply to the union of
the Stales, livery banking association whose
bonds are deposited ill the Tieasury of tlieUnion;
every individual who holds a dollar of the circu-
lation secured by such deposit; every merchant,
every manufacturer, every farmer, every me-
chanic, interested in transactions dependent for
success on the credit of that circulation, will feel
as an injury every attempt to rend the national
unity, with the permanence and stability of which
all their interests are so closely and vitally con-
nected. Hud the system been possible, and had
it actually existed two years ago, can it be doubted
that the national inteiests and sentiments enlisted
by it for the Union would have so strengthened the
motives for adhesion derived from other sources
that lUe wild treason of secession would have
been impossible?
The Secretary docs not yield to the fantasy
that taxation is a blessing and debt a benefit; but
it is the duty of public men to extract good from
evil whenever it is possible. The burdens of tax-
ation may be lightened and even made productive
of incidental benefits by wise, and aggravated arid
made intolerable hy unwise legislation. Ill like
manner debl, by no means desirable in itself, may,
when circumstances compel nations to incur its
obligations, bo made by discreet use less burden-
some, and even instrumental 111 the promotion of
public and private security and welfare.
The rebellion has brought a great debt upon us.
It is proposed to use a part of it in such a way
that the sense of its burden may be lost in the ex-
perience of incidental advantages. The issue of
United States notes is such a use; but if exclusive,
is hazardous and temporary. The security by
national bonds of similar notes furnished to bank-
ing associations is such a use, and is comparatively
safe and permanent; and with this use may be
connected for the present, and occasionally, as
circumstances may require hereafter, the use of the
ordinary United States notes in limited amounts.
No very early day will probably witness the i
reduction of the public debt to the a mount required
as a basis for secured circulation. Should 110 fu- I
ture wars arrest reduction and again demand ex- I
penditures beyond revenue, that day will however :
at length come. When it shall arrive the debt i
may be retained on low interest at that amount,
or some other security for circulation may be de- 1
vised, or possibly the vast supplies of our rich j
mines may render all circulation unadvisable ex- !
cept gold and the absolute representatives and
equivalents, dollar for dollar, of gold in the Treas-
ury or on safe deposit elsewhere. But these con-
siderations may be for another generation.
The Secretary forbears extended argument on
the constitutionality of the suggested system. It
is proposed, as an auxiliary to the power to bor-
row money; as an agency of the power to collect
_and disburse taxes; and as an exercise of the
power to regulate commerce, and of the power to
regulate the value of coin. Of the first two sources
of power nothing need be said. The argument
relating to them was long since exhausted and is
well known. Of the other two there is not room
nor does it seem needful to say much. If Con-
gress can prescribe the structure, equipment, and
management of vessels to navigate rivers flowing
between or through different States as a regulation
of commerce, Congress may assuredly determine
what currency shall be employed in the inter-
change of their commodities, which is the very
essenceof commerce. Statesmen who have agreed
in little else have concurred in the opinion that the
power to regulate coin is, in substance and effect,
a power to regulate currency, and that the fram-
ers of the Constitution so intended. It may well
enough be admitted that while Congress confines
its regulation to weight, fineness, shape, and de-
vice, banks and individuals may issue notes for
currency in competition with coin. But it is diffi-
cult to conceive by what process of logic the un-
questioned power to regulate coin can be sepa-
rated from the power to maintain or restore its
circulation, by excluding from currency all pri-
vate or corporate substitutes which affect its value,
whenever Congress shall see fit to exercise that
power for that purpose.
The recommendations now submitted, of the
limited issue of United States notes as a wise ex-
pedient for the present time, and as an occasional
expedient in future times, and of the organization
of banking associations to supply circulation se-
cured by national bonds, and convertible always
into United States notes, and after resumption of
specie payments into coin, arc prompted by no
favor to excessive issues of any description of
credit money.
On the contrary, it is the Secretary's firm belief
that by 110 other path can the resumption of specie
payments be so surely reached and so certainly
maintained. United States notes receivable for
bonds bearing a secure specie interest are next
best to notes convertible into coin. The circula-
tion of banking associations organized under a
general act of Congress, secured by such bonds,
can be most surely and safely maintained at the
point of certain convertibility into coin. If, tem-
porarily, these associations redeem their issues
with United States notes, resumption of specie
payments will not thereby be delayed or endan-
gered, but hastened and secured; for,justas soon
as victory shall restore pcace, the ample revenue,
already secured by wise legislation, will enable the
Government, through advantageous purchases of
specie, to replace at once large amounts, and, at
110 distant day, the whole of this circulation by
coin without detriment to any interest, but, on the
contrary, with great and manifest benefit to all
interests.
The Secretary recommends, therefore, 110 mere
paper money scheme, but, on the contrary, a series
of measures looking to a safe and gradual return
to gold and silver as the only permanent basis,
standard, and measure of values recognized by the
Constitution—between which and an irredeem-
able paper currency, as he believes, the choice is
now to be made.
No country possesses the true elements of a
higher credit—no country,in ordinary times, can
maintain a higher standard of currency and pay-
ment than the United States.
The Government is less costly than that of most
other greatPower.s. The expenditures of the cur-
rent fiscal year, excluding those of the War and
Navy Departments, can hardly equal those of the
last year, which amounted to $34,511,476 G6. Es-
timating those of thise Departments at double the
expenditures of the last year before the rebellion,
they would for the currcntyear, had the war ended
before last midsummer, as was anticipated at the
date of the last report, amount to the sum of
$55,845,834 48. The interest on the public debt
is for the current year estimated at$25,041,532 07,
and will not probably go over that sum. The
whole expenditures of the Government for the
current year, on the supposition of peace, would,
therefore, not exceed #105,371,843 21. This ag-
gregate must be increased hereafter by the addi-
tion of interest on the loans of the current and
future years and by pensions, the precise amount
of which cannot be foreseen. Estimate the former
at$50,000,000, atid the latter at$10,000,000 a year,
and the total annual expenditures in peace will
reach, omitting fractions, to $165,000,000. The
expenditures of Great Britain during the year end-
ing March 31, 1862, were $364,436,682; those of
France for 1869, according to French official esti-
mates, will reach $421,823,900; and the annual
expenses of Russia, according to the best acces-
sible information, do not fall short of$230,000,000.
To meetourannual expenditures, and to assure
beyond contingencythepunctualdischarge ofthe
interest of the public debt, and the creation of a
sinking fund for its reduction, Congress has pro-
vided a revenue from customs even now reaching
nearly $70,000,000 a year, and a revenue from in-
ternal duties which will not probably fall shortof
$150,000,000 a year.
Without reckoning any other resources than
those already provided, the revenue, therefore,
will annually exceed the expenditures by $55,000-
000, which sum may be used for the reduction of
the public debt. If, then, the war shall be con-
tinued, contrary to hope and expectation,to mid-
summer of 1864, and the public debt shall reach
the utmost limit now anticipated of$l,750,000,000,
the excess of revenue will reduce that debt during
the first year of peace more than three per cent.
But the American Republic possesses immense
resources which have not yet been called into con-
tribution. The gold-bearing region of the United
States stretches through near eighteen degrees of
latitude, from British Columbia on the north to
Mexico on the south, and through more than
twenty degrees of longitude, from the eastern
declivities of the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean. It includes two States—California and Or-
egon; four entire Territories—Utah, Nevada, New
Mexico,and Washington; and parts of three other
Territories—Colorado,Nebraska, and Dakota. It
forms an area of more than a million square miles,
the whole of which, with comparatively insignifi-
cant exceptions, is the property of the nation. It
is rich not only in gold, but in silver, copper,
iron, lead, and many other valuable minerals. Its
product of gold and silver during the current year
will not probably fall very much, if at all, short
of $100,000,000; and it must long continue grad-
ually, yet rapidly, to increase. If this product
be subjected to a reasonable seignorage, as sug-
gested by some, or if, as suggested by others, the
mineral lands be subdivided and sold in conven.
ient parcels, with proper reservations in favor of
the miners now in occupation of particular local-
ities, a very considerable revenue may, doubtless,
be obtained from this region without hardship to
the actual settlers and occupiers.
And there are other mines than those of'gold
and silver, or copperor iron, in the wide territory
which includes the public lands of the United
States. Every acre of the fertile soil is a mine
which only waits for the contact of labor to yield
its treasures; and every acre is open to that fruitful
contact by the homestead act. When the oppor-
tunities thus offered to industry shall be under-
stood by the working millions of Europe, it
cannot be doubted that great numbers will seek
American homes, in order to avail themselves of
the great advantages tendered to their acceptance
by American law. Every working man who
comes betters the condition of the nation as well
as his own. He adds in many ways, seen and
unseen,to its wealth,its intelligence,and its power.
It is difficult to estimate the contribution which
immigration, properly encouraged by legislation
and administration, will make to revenue; but,
directly and indirectly, it cannot be reckoned as
less than that which may be expected from the
metallic products of the gold-bearing region.
With such resources at the disposal ofthe Re-
public, no one need be alarmed lest the United
States may become unable to pay the interest on
its debt, or to^ reduce the principal to whatever
point the public interest may indicate. The Re-
