1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
public is passing through the pangs of a new birth
to a nobler and higher life. Twice already she
has paid off a national debt contracted for the de-
fense of her rights; the obligations of that which
she now incurs for the preservation of her exist-
ence will be not less sacredly fulfilled.
But while resources are thus ample, it is not the
less the dictate of prudence and of good faith to a
generous people that the greatest pains should be
taken to rcducc the public burdens to the lowest
pointcompatible with justice to honestpubliccred-
ltors. Prodigality may exhaust the amplest re-
sourcesandimpairthefirmestcredit. To retrench
superfluity; to economize expenditures; to adjust
accurately measures to objects; to infuse resolute
vigor and a just sense of responsibility into every
department of public activity, are not less import-
ant to credit and revenue than to general success
in administration.
It has been already stated that the amount to be
provided, beyond resources available under exist-
ing laws, is, for the current year, ยง276,912,517 G6,
and for the ensuing year, ยง627,388,183 56.
To provide these amounts loans in some form
must be negotiated.
The Secretary has already expressed the opin-
ion, with great deference to the superior wisdom
of Congress, that it will be unwise, unless condi-
tions greatly change, to authorize the increase of
United States notes beyond the limit now fixed by
law. Should any vacuum be created by the with-
drawal ofbank note circulation, that vacuum should
doubtless be filled by United States notes. Should
Congress adopt the measures proposed by the Sec-
retary, it is not improbable that an additional is-
sue of $50,000,000 may be required for that pur-
pose within the year, and an equal additional issue
during the following year. And it may well be
hoped that military successes, reestablishing the
authority of the United States in large districts of
the insurgent region, will call for further issues to
supply the place of the worthless currency which
the rebellion has forced upon the people. Should
it be deemed expedient to invest the Secretary
with any discretionary power, in view of these
contingencies, it should be so limited as to allow
no increase of aggregate circulation beyond the
clear demands of real business.
A considerable additional sum may probably be
obtained by removing the limit on temporary de-
posits. The amount of these deposits has stead-
ily increased, notwithstanding large repayments
to depositors. The Treasury of the Government
has been made the savings bank of the people.
Should the restriction be removed, there is reason
to believe that$25,000,000 may be received beyond
the maximum now fixed, during the year.
But the chief reliance, and the safest, must be
upon loans. Without any issues of United States
notes beyond the amount now authorized, it seems
certain that loans for the whole amount required
for the current year can be readily obtained at fair
rates; and it may be confidently hoped that before
its close the resources of the country will be so
well understood, and the restoration of its terri-
torial integrity so well assured, that capitalists
will not hesitate to supply whatever may be need-
ed for the subsequent year.
But in order to the advantageous negotiation of
loans the action of Congress is necessary.
As an important element of facility in negotia-
tion, the plan for banking associations has been
already considered. Little direct aid is, however,
to be expected from this plan during the present,
nor very much, perhaps, during the next year.
The operation of associations organized under it
must, at first, be restricted mainly to investing
United States notes in bonds; issuinga circulation
based on these bonds, and transacting ordinary
business. As the notes received for the bonds
cannot be reissued without injurious inflation of
the circulation, they must necessarily be with-
drawn and canceled. The aggregate circulation
of Government United States notes withdrawn
will be replaced by the amount of national circu-
lation furnished to the associations. The imme-
diate advantage to the Government will be found
in the market created for bonds, and the support
thereby given to the national credit. The more
general advantages which have been described
must attend the gradual organization of banking
associations, and will only be fully apparent when
the national circulation furnished to them shall
become the established and sole note circulation
of the country.
Other legislation is therefore needed.
The act of last session authorized the Secretary
to issue bonds of the United States, already often
mentioned as five-twenties, to the amount of
$500,000,000, and to dispose of them for coin or
United States notes at the market value thereof.
In the same act authority was given to issue
$150,000,000 in United States notes, which au-
thority was afterwards enlarged to $250,000,000;
and it was provided that any holder of such notes
to the amount of fifty dollars, or any multiple of
fifty, mightexchange them for five-twenty bonds,
at par.
The effect of these provisions was to make ne-
gotiations of considerable amounts impossible; for
considerable amounts are seldom taken, except
with a view to resales at a profit, and resales at
any profit are impossible under the law. Nego-
tiations below market value are not allowed, and
if not allowed the taker of the bonds can expect
no advance, unless a market value considerably
below par shall become established. The act
makes advance above par impossible by author-
izing conversion of United States notes into bonds
at that rate.
The Secretary respectfully recommcnds there-
peal of both these provisions. The first imposes,
it is believed, a restriction which Congress did not
intend; and the second has been followed by the
inconveniences'which were feared, rather than by
the benefits which were expected. Convertibility
by exchange at will is of little or no advantage to
the holder of the notes; for the clauses-which se-
cure their receivability for all loans make them
practically convertible. Whenever the volume of
notes reaches a point at which loans can be ef-
fected at rates fair to the country and desirable to
takers, loans will, of course, be made, and ample
opportunities for conversion offered.
Should Congress, however, be of opinion that
these clauses should be retained, it wiil be neces-
sary to provide for other loans, at rates more fa-
vorable to the takers than convertibility into five-
twenties. This can be done either by authorizing
bonds at longer time, or by increasing the rates of
interest offered.
The Secretary cannot recommend either course
except as an alternative to no provision at all.
As such an alternative he would prefer the issue
of 7.30 three year bonds, convertible into five-
twenty sixes at or before maturity, and of smaller
notes bearing an interest of 3.65 per cent., as pro-
posed in his first report.
A discretionary power may, perhaps, be advan-
tageously conferred on the Secretary, to be exer-
cised as exigencies may require or allow. He
does not covet the responsibilities belonging to
such a power, but would not shrink from such
exercise of it as, in his best judgment, the public
good would require. He believes it, however, to
be unnecessary He believes that the time and
rate of the five-twenty loan authorized were judi-
ciously determined, and he believes that if the
suggested changes are made in the law, the needed
supplies can be obtained through these loans.
No prudent legislator, at a time when the gold in
the world is increasing by $100,000,000 a year, !
and interest must necessarily and soon decline, :
will consent to impose on the labor and business \
of the people a fixed interest of six percent, on a j
great debt, for twenty years, unless the necessity j
is far more urgent than is now believed to exist. !
The country has already witnessed the results
of such measures in the payment, in 1850, of more
than $4,500,000 for the privilege of paying a debt
o.fless than $41,000,000, some twelve years, aver-
aged time, before it became due.
The general views of the Secretary may there-
fore be thus briefly summed:
He recommends that whatever amounts may
be needed beyond the sums supplied by revenue
and through other indicated modes be obtained
by loans, without increasing the issue of United i
States notes beyond the amount fixed by law,
unless a clear public exigency shall demand it.
He recommends, also, the organization of bank-
ing associations for the improvement of the pub-
lic credit and for the supply to the people of a
safe and uniform currency. And he recommends
no change in the law providing for the negotia-
tion of bonds except the necessary increase of
amount, and the repeal of the absolute restriction
to market value, and of the clauses authorizing
convertibility at will.
If Congress shall concur in these views, the
Secretary, though conscious of the great diffi-
culties which vast, sudden, and protracted ex-
penditures impose on him, ventures to hope that
he may still be able to maintain the public credit
and provide for the public wants.
The report of the Director of the Mint contains
the usual information relative to the coinage for
the past year, and makes several suggestions, to
which I respectfully invite your attention.
The net amount of bullion received was
$45,423,231 01. The amount coined was : of
gold coins, $45,532,386 50; of silver coins,
$2,812,401 50; of cent coins, $116,000; of gold
bars, $16,144,190 05, and of silver bars, $418,-
680 01; making a total coinage of $65,023,658 06.
Of the bullion deposited, $26,188,863 87 was
received at the assay office in New York. Of the
gold bars $16,094,768 44, and of silver bars
$415,633 57, in value, were stamped at the same
office.
At the branch mint in San Francisco the gold
deposits were $16,136,622 96, and the silver de-
posits and purchases $749,114 14, in value. The
valueof the gold coined was $15,545,000; of silver
coined, $641,700; and of silver bars, $1,278 65.
Soon after the authority of the Union was re-
established at New Orleans a special agent was
appointed to examine the condition of tlie branch
mint in that city, and its machinery. The ma-
chinery proved to have been greatly injured,and
portions of it were found distributed and secreted
in various parts of the city. The portions were
collected and replaced in the mint, and the neces-
sary repairs are in progress. The operations of
the branch mint,, however, have not been, and for
the present, at least, will not be, resumed.
Ry the act of April 24, last, a branch mint was
directed to be established at Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado, and an appropriation of $75,000
was made to carry the act into effect. A mint
had already been established there by individuals
engaged in assaying and stamping, on private ac-
count, the bullion produced in that region. A
commission was appointed to ascertain and report
as to the value of this establishment, and the com-
parative expediency of purchasing it or erecting
a new one; and upon their recommendation the
existing mint, with all its apparatus, was pur-
chased for $25,000.
The Secretary respectfully commends to the
consideration of Congress the expediency of es-
tablishing an assay office or branch mint at soma
convenient point in Nevada Territory.
In his last report the Secretary took occasion
to invite the attention of Congress to the import-
ance of uniform weights, measures, and coins,
and to the worth of the decimal system in the
commerce of the world. He now ventures to
suggest that the present,demonetization of gold
may be well availed of for the purpose of taking
one considerable step toward these great ends.
If the half eagle of the Union be made of equal
weight and fineness with the gold sovereign of
Great Britain, no sensible injury could possibly
aiise from the change; while, on the resumption
of specie payments, its great advantages would
be felt in the equalization of exchange and the
convenience of commerce. This act of the United
States, moreover, might be followed by the adop-
tion by Great Britain of the Federal decimal divis-
ions of the coin, and thus a most important ad-
vance might be secured toward an international
coinage, with values decimally expressed.
Under the provisions of the several acts of Con-
gress relative to trade and commerce between the
loyal States and those States and parts of States
declared to be in insurrection, general regulations
have been issued prescribing the conditions under
which that trade and commerce,to -a limited extent,
may be conducted. This trade has been authorized
only with sections of the country in which, since
the proclamation of the President, the authority of
the Government has been reestablished by mili-
tary occupancy. No licenses or permits have been
granted for commerce with inhabitants of insur-
rectionary districts beyond the limits of such oc-
