1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think not; or otherwise
I should not Imv* brought it forward here. It is
a question which can he most advisably consid-
ered here; mid allow me to say I do not present
tln-.se things from any party stand-point, nor a«o
movement relating to any person in this Repub-
lic. I propose the resolutions that I may advance
facts within my possession, and consultations
which I think shou'ei move the Senate to grave
conclusions.
The trouble has been and is that the question
was not considered openly, boldly, without fear,
long: months ago. I have asked that if should be
considered, and I must insist now that it shall be
• consideied. i have waited from day to day, t'mm
tune to time, and if the Senite fear to consider it,
let their fears dictate their policy. I have come
here from day to day, from time to time, with
my books and papeis, having carefully consideied
them, for the purpose of presenting my vieww fu-
tile consideration "f < he Senate. 1 ha v.; been com-
pedi-d to do so; but 11 hao mterfeted very mate-
i udly witii ihe other husmes« in my proper charge:
and now I want to dispose of the resolution. I
have waited somewhat on the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations; 1 have waited
on the chairman of the Committee on Finance; I
have waited on other questions pending bote,
wishing to distmb no business, but wishing to
be able to present properly a question which, in
my humble judgment, has not been considered by
Senators, and I fear has not been consideied by
tho.se who have chargeofour tbreign lelations in
and about the executive depaitnient of the Gov-
ernment . I would not advance them now if 1 did
not think tiiaL the public interests lequired that
they should be advanced and understood; and 1
have asked, anil 1 think I have modestly askid,
a simple heaiing. If it is denied to me, I must
submit, of course, because I yield 10 the voice and
power of the majority. I have asked a simple
healing". 1 think thai I have not, in my Couise
m the Senate, justified the opinion that I was
making war upon this Government, or upon any
of its niteiests. if [ err—that is, if 1 diif r in
opinion with gentlemen—that is my 1 ujht; ftn this
is, or should be, a place of counsel, wlieie all Sen-
ators should be heaul upon grave public ques-
tions. if I did not think this a grave question, I
would not at this time urge it on the attention of
the Senat.ns; but as I do so regard it, 1 ask that
the resolutions a inch 1 presented may be consid-
ered hv ihe Senate.
Mr. SCMNER. Mr. President, I have perused
the resolutions 
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. Will the Senator fiom
Massachusetts give way to amotion to go into
executive se.ssion ?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will.
Mr LANE, of Kansas. 1 move that we pro-
ceed to the eonsid- ration of executive business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say, then,
that I have postponed fiom time to time a dis-
cussion of this qucMion at the suggestion of Sen-
atois, but if 1 am to be ruled out from day to day
oil this question, I shall regard it as an attempt
to pi event as a Senator fiom expressing my
views on grave public questions, i shall so re-
gard it. i
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no desise of
the kind. An executive session is veiy important.
1 suppose tiie Senator knows that. j
Mr. McDOUGx\LL. t wish to understand ;
whether 1 am to be heaid or not. J
The VICE PRCS! DENT. The Senator from j
Mossacimst.tU was understood to ynld to the ]
Senator from Kansas, and he submits a motion j
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration j
of i xecutive business. !
Mr. I1ALE. I want to say a single word be- j
fore this motion to go into executive session is j
put, and I will occupy but a minute. I have been ,
charged by the Senate with the conduct of husi- :
riess that comes before the Committee on Naval ;
Affairs, i hav e ti led persevei ingly for three weeks :
to call the attention of the Senate to bills of that
committee of great importance, and I have failed. !
I shall not antagonize them against the motion of (
the Senator from California, but I wish to give
notice now in season, i will not ask the Senate ;
to make a special order, but on Thursday, after ,
the morning hour is out, J shall move to proceed j
to the consideration of the bills relating to the |
Navy, and shall urge them as pertinaciously as i
:j so modest tt'man as I am can do until the Senate
i
; The motion to go into executive session was
' not ao-reed to.
I Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate do now
j adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Seeretaiy called the roll.
Mi. D00L1TTLE, (who at first voted " yen,")
1 will change my vote for the purpose of giving
the floor to ihe Senator from California, and then
j he may move to adjourn.
Th" icsult was announced—yeas 1~\ nays 17;
as follows:
YEA^— Anthony, ('handler, Claik, Davis, Dixon,
Foot. F'Mei, liickt, Puincroy, SunuiCi. andTium-
biill—1'2.
X VVH—Arnold, Doolittl^, Fe^emien, Grimes,
Hale, Italian. Howard. Howe. Kiln',Lane of*Kansa^. Moi-
i i ,11. 1'ow'il, Shj-im.in, Tiupie, Wall, IVuiey, and W'ibon
j Ol'Mi-MtilH 1<.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is noquorum
voting.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Scrgeant-at-
Aims be directed to request the attendance of ab-
sent members.
Mr. KING. We have not a quorum, and it is
very late. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjoin ned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 2, 3863.
The House nut at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton-.
The Join nal o<-Suturd iv was i ead ami approved.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of;
business to be the consideration ot the bill of the -
House (No. 673) to raise additional soldicis for I
the service of the Government. |
CONSUL\U AND DIPLOMATIC IHLL. j
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from '
the Committee of Ways and Means, reporti d hack ,
bill of the House No, 641), making appropua- v
Hons foi the consular and diplomatic expenses of ■
the Gov ei nment for the year ending Juno 30, 1804, !
with the amendments of the Senate thereto, with 1
a recommendation that the amendments be con- ;
cuned in. I
The amendments of the Senate were read r.nd
concui red in.
ENROLLED liTLl.R AND KESOLUHONS
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repoited that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled joint resolutions
and a bill of the foliowingtitlcs; when the Speaker
yigru d the same:
Joint resolution (K. R. No. 117) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Commander John L. Wor-
den, of the United States Navy;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) to confirm the
adv erse derision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Moses Yale; and
An act (II. R. No. {)\fi) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
J tine, 1864.
MENAGE FROM THE SENITE.
A message fiom the Senate, by Mr. Fons'nv, its
Seer' tary, infot nied the I louse that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confeience
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H.R. No. 561) in relation to commissioned j
officers of the United States t even ue cutter service, i j
The message fmther requested the return to the d
Senate of bill of the House (No. 619) to increase ;!
tiie pay of Edward II. Brooke, the chief cleik in ji
the paymaster's department, which bill was reject- j j
ed by the Senate on the 31st of January. j;
Aioxy AFPnOPUIATION BILL. |!
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from ,j
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported jj
hack bill of the House No. t>10, fur the support of ::
the Aimy for the year ending June 30, 1864, with !
the amendments of the Senate theieto. ji
Mr. STEVEN'S. The Committee of Waysand jj
Means recommend a concurrence in all the amend- j
ments of die Senate. They make very little alter- jj
ation in the bill, except that some of the appro- Si
'priations are set forth more in detail than they were
in the House bill. *
Mr. HOLM AN, Is there an increase'in the
aggregate or not?
Sir. STEVENS. I believe the sum is a little
lessened, but there is very little alteration.
The amendments of the Senate were then read
and concurred in without debate, cxcept in the
cases noted below.
Second amendment:
Far medicine, instruments, dressing, and so forth, for tbo
regular Army, $135,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out the words "and so
forth." The phrase is one to which I have very
groat objection, and it ought not to be in any of our
statutes. It either means something or it does
not. if it means any thing, it ought to be expli-
citly stated. If it means nothing, it ought not to
be there. It iaa cover for anything that the depart-
ment choose to make it cover. It is a bad prac-
tice, and one that we ought not to follow. This
objection is not now made for the first time in this
House. Ever since I have had the honor of a
seat upon this floor I have sought to expunge that
phrase wherever it bus occurred in our bills. It
occurs in many other instances in these amend-
ments, and I wish to cull attention to it. I hope
it will be sti ickeu out.
Mi. S TEVENS. This is a proposition for hos-
pital supplies, lint, &c. Now, there are a great
many little things which it is impossible to enu-
merate, bandages, and things of that kind, which
it would take volumes to enumerate. The term
"&c." includes nothing m England, but it in-
cludes many things m this country. The only
eflfect of this amendment will be to delay the bill
by sending aback to the Senate; and I hope that
it will not be agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. It would be very easy to
substitute some other phraseology that will indi-
cate what you moan. I am aware that the ex-
pression sometimes means much and sometimes
little, and I do not wish to leave it to departmental
construction. 1 think we had better strike it out.
The amendment was not agreed lo.
Thirty-second amendment:
For nvdicitio and medical attendance for negro refugees,
commonly calUul "contrabands," $50,000.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I would like to have that
amendment explained.
Mr. STEVENS. The House bill provides
for these matters in the aggregate. The amend-
ment of the Senate separates the items, and sets
them forth in detail. I do not see that we should
gain anything by rejecting the amendment. It
would only delay the bill. All this is included
m the bill that wo passed and sent to the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the phraseology of the original bill on this sub-
ject indicates the appropriation of this sum or of
any other sum for the purposes indicated here?
Mr. STEVENS. The oiiginal bill made the
same appropi iation for these purposes in the ag-
giegate. This particular sum is specified in tho
estimates sent to us. These items were all in the
original bill. The amendments of the Senate re*
duce the sum appropriated in the bill by a few
"thousand dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask if the estimates
upon which this biff is based contain this item ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; and the Senate have
put in each item by itself just as they are in th©
original estimates.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire if this appro-
priation is to meet expenses already incurred, or
for expenses heieufter to be incuired?
Mr. STEVENS. I belavc it is for the next
fiscal year.
Mr. MALLORY. If I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, he says that this item of
appropriation for medical attendance to these per-
sons commonly called " contrabands," is to pay
for an amount already expended by the Depart-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; I said it was for the
next fiscal year.
Mr. MALLORY. Th^nl would ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if he thinks this an
appropriation in accordance with iaw? If so, I
would like to see the law which authorizes Con*
gress to make this appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would ask the genttamtut
