1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57th Qoito....3d Sess.
Beport of the Secrdary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
has been displayed upon many occasions, and the
skill and gallantry of their officers have been distin-
guished at Yoiktown, Williamsburg, Pair Oaks,
Gaines's Mill, Malvern Hill, Cross Keys, Cedar
Mountain, Chantiily, and other places enumer-
ated in the reports herewith submitted. The in-
vading army which recently threatened the capital
and the borders of Maryland and Pennsylvania
has been driven back beyond the Rappahannock;
Norfolk, captured by Major General Wool, is in
our possession; Suffolk and Yorktown are held;
a strong army corps, under its vigilant and effi-
cient commander, Major General Dix, at Fortress
Monroe, threatens and harasses the enemy; and,
what is especially gratifying, it has been proved
that the loyalty of the State of Maryland cannot
be shaken even by the presence of a rebel army.
The official reports received at this Department
show that the ^military operations in the West,
during the past year, have been both .active and
successful. The beginning of last winter found
the rebel armies of Price and McCulIough in pos-
session of all the northwestern portion of Mis-
souri, while many of the counties north of the
Missouri river were in a state of insurrection.
Our forces were concentrated at Rollaand Sedaiia.
As soon as the rebels could be driven from the
northern counties, and our army reorganized, act-
ive operations were commenced,notwithstanding
the inclemency of the season, and the bad condi-
tion of the roads. On the 18tH of December a
considerable number of the enemy were cut off
and captured at Milford, while on their way to
join Price on the Osage river. The forces at Rolla,
under General Curtis, moved toward Springfield,
which compelled Price to fall back into Arkansas,
where he was joined by Van Dorn. A severe
battle was fought at Pea Ridge, Arkansas, on the
6th, 7th, and 8th of March, between the combined
armies of the enemy and General Curtis's force,
in which the latter gained a complete and decisive
victory.
The gunboats, under Flag-Officer Foote, and
the troops at Cairo, under General Grunt, moved
up the Tennessee river for the reduction of Forts
Henry and Donelson. While Grant's troops were
marching to surround the former placc, it was
attacked by the gunboats, and reduced on the Gth
of February, after a short but severe engagement.
General Grant then marched across the peninsula
and attacked Fort Donelson. After several days'
hard fighting, that place also capitulated on the
16th, with its armament and garrison, except a
small force which crossed the Cumberland in the
night and effected their escape. This victory
caused the immediate evacuation of Bowling Green
and Nashville, and, soon after, of Columbus and
the greater part of Middle Tennessee.
While Grant and Buell were concentrating their j
armies on the Tennessee river, near the head of \
navigation and great lines of railroad communica- j
tion, General Pope moved down the west bank of |
the Mississippi, captured New Madrid, and, cross- j
ing the river below the enemy's batteries on and
near Island No. 10, compelled the garrison to ca-
pitulate on the 7th and 8th of Aprii.
General Grant had crossed the Tennessee and
taken position at Pittsburg Landing, in anticipa-
tion of the arrival of Buell. The enemy advanced
from Corinth and attacked Grant on the morning
of the Gth of April. A severe battle ensued, which
continued till dark—the left of our line being driven
back nearly to the river. A portion of Buell's
forces arrived in the afternoon and duringthe night,
and the battle was renewed at daylight on the
morning of the 7th. The enemy was driven back
at every point, and, in the afternoon, fled from the
field, leaving their dead and many of their wounded
in our hands.
Finding that the armies of Price and Van Dorn
had been withdrawn from Arkansas to Corinth,
and all the available troops of the Southwest con-
centrated at that place, orders were sent for Gen-
eral Pope and a part of General Curtis's troops to
reinforce our army on the Tennessee. The lat-
ter had long and difficult marches to make, and
did not reach their destination till the latter part
of May. As the enemy's position at Corinth was
strongly fortified and very difficult of attack at
chat season of the year, on account of the deep
marshes by which it was stmoundod, General
Halleck, while awaiting the arrival of reinforce-
ments from Missouri, approached the front by
means of trenches, and movable forces were sent
out to cut the railroads on the flanks. By the
29th of May three of the four railroads running
from Corinth had been destroyed, and heavy bat-
teries established within breachingdistance of the
enemy's works, ready to open theirfire next morn-
ing. The enemy evacuated the place in the night,
destroying the bridges and breaking up the roads
in his rear. As all the streams were bordered by
deep and impassable marshes, the enemy could
not be pursued without rebuilding the bridges and
reopening the roads. The corps of Buell and
Pope followed the enemy about fifty miles into
the swamps of Mississippi, capturing a consider-
able number of stragglers and deserters, when the
want of supplies compelled them to discontinue
the pursuit. The reduction of Corinth caused the
immediate evacuation of Forts Pillow and Ran-
dolph, and the city of Memphis. The flotilla and
ram fleet attacked and destroyed the enemy's
gunboats, opening the Mississippi river toVicks-
bunr.
Meanwhile General Curtis, with the remainder
of his army, marched through the northeast part
of Arkansas, and after several successful engage-
ments reached Helena, where he established a de-
pot of supplies for future operations.
General Buell had, during the autumn of 1861,
collected a large force at Louisville and in other
parts of Kentucky. While his main army ad-
vanced towards Bowling Green, General Thom-
as's command was pushed forward to the upper
Cumberland. On the 39th of January he encoun-
tered the forces of Zollicoffer, and, after a severe
battle at Mill Springs, defeated and utterly routed
them. On the evacuation of Bowling Green and
Nashville, General Buell's army pursued the ene-
my to Murfreesboro' and Columbia, and from the
latter place the main body was marched to Savan-
nah and Pittsburg Landing.
The great mass of the enemy's forces in the
Southwest being at this time concentrated jn the
vicinity of Corinth, the division of General Mitch-
ell advanced to Decatur, in Alabama, and after-
wards occupied most of the country in the direc-
tion of Chattanooga. The column of General G.
W. Morgan, after several engagements with the
enemy, in the vicinity of Cumberland Gap, took
possession of that important place. The later
operations in the West are described in the report
of the General-in-Chief.
Four military departments are now organized
in the territory where these operations were car-
ried on, namely, the departments of the Ohio, of
the Missouri, of the Tennessee, and of the Cum-
berland, and their present military condition will
hereafter be noticed.
In the department of North Carolina the suc-
cessful expedition of Major General Burnsidc, by
I the occupation of Roanoke Island, Newbern, and
the reduction of Fort Macon, struck a heavy
blow; and under a military governor, Hon. Ed-
ward Stanley, the protection of the laws has been
extended to the loyal inhabitants of that State,
and facility afforded for organizing a civil gov-
ernment and casting off the rebel yoke.
In the department of the South active opera- ,
tions have been for a time suspended by the pres-
ence of yellow fever, and by the death of Major
General Mitchell, the late gallant commander of
that department. A premature attack upon
Charleston, against the orders of the then com-
manding general, resulted in the failure that was
apprehended by him. The capture of Foit Pu-
laski, by Major General Hunter, has effectually
closed the port of Savannah, and the Government
securely holds Hilton Head and Beaufort. The
enemy was forced to abandon the siege of Fort
Pickens.and other portions of Florida are in our
occupation. A recent expedition along the coast
was attended with success, detailed in the report
of the General-in-Chief.
In the department of the Gulf the operations of
Major General Butler have been distinguished by
great energy and ability. The occupation of New
Orleans and the control of the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi have been among the most brilliant and j
important results of the war. The period is be-
haved to be not far distant when all the rebel I
forces will be driven from the banks of the Mis-
sissippi, and the navigation of that river rendered
secure.
The recent operations in the department of the
Missouri are detailed in the report of the General-
in-Chief. The State of Missouri is believed to be
secure against.any aggression by the enemy, and
in the State of Arkansas the dispersion of the rebel
forces will enable the military governor of that
State to take proper measures for the restoration
of the civil authority of the United States within
its border.
The department of the North west, embracing the
States of Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and the
Territory of Dakota, was organized for the emerg-
ency occasioned by an Indian outbreak, and placed
under command of Major General John Pope.
The Indian hostilities have been suppressed, and
further trouble from that source is not apprehend-
ed. Such force as may be deemed requisite by the
military authorities will be held in readiness for
any sudden necessity. The Indian hostilities in
Minnesota, by whomsoever instigated, seem-to
have been accompanied with more than usual cru-
elty and outrage. ' Heavy losses in property are
said to have been endured by the inhabitants, and
application has been made to this Department for
compensation. As it has no funds applicable to that
purpose, nor authority to assess the damages, the
subject will require congressional action. Three
hundred captured Indians have been tried by court-
martial, and their sentence of death is now under
your consideration.
The rebels under Sibley were driven from the
department of New Mexico by General Canby,
and the force in that department, now under com-
mand of General Carleton, will be able to protect
the inhabitants of that remote Territory. _
The department of the Pacific hde been free from
any of the calamities occasioned by the rebellion;
hutan earnestand deep sympathy has been man-
ifested by the loyal citizens of the Pacific States
in support of the Union cause. Volunteers have
come forward to fill the ranks of the army, and,
with unparalleled liberality, large sums of money
have been transmitted by humane and loyal citi-
zens of California for the relief of our sick and
wounded soldiers. The patriotic loyalty of our
brethren on the Pacific, thus humanely exhibited,
evinces their estimate of the value of the Union,
and their willingness to share the burden of main-
taining it from sea to sea.
In the department of the Ohio the invasion of
Kentucky by General Bragg, the terrible battle of
Perrysvilie, and the escape of Bragg'sarmy, were
events that pressed heavily upon the Government,
and moved deeply the hearts of the people, espe-
| cially in the western States. These events are
about to undergo investigation, and' when the
| causes to which they are attributable are judicially
I ascertained they will be laid before you for your
action. Recent events prove that whatever hold
the spirit of rebellion may once have had in Ken-
tucky it is now lo be reckoned as a State loyal
and steadfast to the Union.
The department of the Tennessee is now under
command of Major General Grant. The principal
operations in that department have already been
alluded to, and aie detailed in the report of the Gen-
eral-in-Chief. Their importance cannot be over-
estimated. The occupation of Memphis—next to
New Oilcans, the pimcipal mart on the Missis-
sippi—and the wise and vigorous measures of
Major General Sherman, commanding there, have
opened amaiket for cotton and other southern
products, the beneficial effects of which are already
felt in the reviving commerce of the country.
The department of the Cumberland, embracing
that portion of the State of Tennessee east of the
Tennessee river and the Cumberland Gap, was
placed, upon the removal of General Buell, in com-
mand of Major General Rosecrans. Having a
well-discipiined and gallant army under his com-
mand, a proper degree of diligence and activity
cannot fail to exercise an important influence upon
the speedy termination of the war.
From a survey of the whole field of operations,
it is apparent that whatever disasters our arms
may have suffered at particular points, a great ad-
vance has nevertheless been made since the com-
mencement of the war. When it began the enemy
