682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
that republican pride which disdains to commit the defense
of flu: country to s-orvile bandf, or bliaro with a color to
which the idea of inferiority u- iu>eparably connected, the
profession of arms', and that approximation of condition
w Inch nam exist between the regular soldier and the mi- (
litla man.' "
At this point in the gentleman's speech F asked
him to yield to me foi a moment that, 1 might give
him the true cause of the failure of Colonel L,au-
rens's mission. The gentleman declined to yield,
and it was wise in him to do so; for the facts
which I proposed to furnish in explanation of
that failure would have spoiled his whole speech.
I presume the gentleman knew this, for he seems
to have read the history of this case, and doubt-
less knew that the truth in regard to it might look
like a reflection on the motives, sentiments, and
actions of himself and his political associates. I
now read what I proposed to read then. It is a
letter from General Washington to Colonel Lau-
rens, in 1782, and fully explains the causes which
prevented the enlistment of black troops in South
Carolina and Georgia.
In this letter General Washington says:
tk I mu^t confer that I am not at all sin prised at the failure
of your plan. That spirit ot i'i eedom. which, at iho com-
mencement of this contest, would have gladly sacrificed
eveiythmg to the attainment of n* object, has Ions; since
subsided, and rvery selii-h pa-Mon (u- taken it-* place, /t
is not the public hut private mteie-t which influences the
generality of mankind, nor can the Auier ican- any longer
boast an exception. Under the-e eneumsUance>, it would
rather have hern i-urpri-niir il \ ou had ?uceecdcd > noi wjiI
you, I fear, have better burred in Georgia.1'
Here we have the true causes of the failure:
"selfish passion" had driven the •< spit it of free-
dom" liom the minds of the people of the two
States mentioned. "Piivate interest "had assert-
ed superiority over the public weal. Patriotism,
which had burned like a consuming fue at the
commencement of the contest, was conquered by
selfish passion, prejudice, and pnvate inteiest.
There were upeace men "in those days. Wo have
them in these days of our nation's greatest peril,
and 1 have not yet been able to discover the dif-
ference between the two classes; and i will iieie
assert my fit in conviction, that if gentlemen on the
Other side of this House had bestowed one half the
labor to arouse and keep alive the consuming pa-
tnotism which swept over this land immediately
after the capture of Fort Sumter, that they have
to exciie prejudice, inifame sellihh passion, and
obstruct the adnunUtiation of the Government,
Una war would now be among the things of the
past; peace would pievail in the land, and the
Constitution and laws reign supreme through all
the length and bioudth of th  Union.
Cut, .sir, instead of puisuing that coiuse, they
have been seeking to inflame {he passions of
the people by appealing to personal interests and
paitisan prejudices, and they intend t<> continue
this uutii they bring about the very thin«r they
say the passage of this bill wdl piodue-—th.it i.->,
a divided Not th. I hop* thev may Kill: I believe
they will; for the people an- beginning to uiulei-
stand them, and that is ail that is wanted to defeat
their purpose.
Now, su, m left !*• nee to this policy, I have ■
cited the opinions of some of the most eminent
men in our history, and I have e,it< d the acts of
Congress and of the Legislative Assembly of
Rhode Inland. I might pit sent the nets of other
States where the employment of men ot African
descent m (lie anny was confab led exptdient.
But tie cases cir.il ;ue wufu-'it nt to show that
duiing the struggle for oar independence the em-
ployment of i oho t d men as suhlieis was regard  d
of gieat important'. . Ev< ry man wlio lies tead
the history of his conutiy knows that we' have
many practical examples of the employment of
these men in the seivice of the country, not only
m the involutional y war, but also during the
war of 1J-T2 between thus country and Guat
Britain; and I have yet to leain that the nation
l egi ets the pe rf  o mam c of any act by the Mac k
man whhdi advanced w, intue^t; and I have yet
to learn that the truly loyal people of the counti y
will object now to tin* peifoimance of any act by
any man. white or bLek, which will tend to the
•evolution of the Union, the maintenance of the
C'msiitut.on, and the enforcement of the laws.
Mr. WICK.LI FEE, Will the gentleman allow
me to do the repnta'ion ot Gtiieiul Jackson an
act of ju'.< r
Mr. WILSON. I have sought the Jloor, time
and again, liom gentlemen upon that bide of the.
House, without avail, and I musl now decline to
be interrupted. I am doing the reputation of
General Jackson no injustice.
Now, sir, this shows what the policy of the
Government was m former times. We have strug-
gled alon<r through neai ly two years of this bloody
war without adopting any measure to carry into
effective force the principles embodied in the bill
before the House. Sir, we propose, by this bill,
to change that policy and to act like sensible men,
determined to maintain this Government at what-
ever cost, and willing to resort to any means tend-
ing to that end which are recognized by the laws
of W'.\r among civilized nations. We propose,
by this bill, to say to all who are willing to fight
for the Union and the Constitution, in the lan-
guage of General Jackson in his celebrated proc-
lamation :
"Through a mistaken policy you have heretofoic been
deptived of any participation in tln< -nugcle foi national
lights in which our country is engaged. This no longer
frliuH exist."
Such, in effect, is the language which this bill
proposes to authoiize the President to address to
the colored men of this nation who are willing to
fight for the maintenance of the Constitution and
the enfotcement of our laws. What Jackson said
to them in 1814, we need not blush to repeat in
1863. We are addressing the s mm pi ociamation
to the same laee, and, in many instances, to the
descendants of the veiy men to whom Jackson
spoke, and we piopose nothnii; more.
Why Miall we pot adopt this pohey? Why
shall we not call to our stundaid every man who
may be willing to fmht for the maintenance of
this Govoi nmerit r XVe have had several masons
.•riven whv we should not do so, and the gentle-
man from Ohio, [M t. Cox,] in his speech the other
day, grave one which is a i. nvukable niiMoeotno
from that soiuee. 1 will quote the gentleman's
own language, ni eider that I may do him no in-
justice. Speaking in opposition to this bill, he
sa id:
'• I snv th.it I Ivliove (Ik- object °f sentlotuf n In foiomsf
the- hill heic, i- to Inner about, or tatbei ina^e final and
torevei, a di—olni n>u oi ilie Union ''
When that deelaiaiion wie mad^ by the gen-
tleman from Glue, I though' it would have been
in better taste for him to have abstain* d fi om that
charge until after his New York- .speech got cold,
ft is not hecomiM" auv gen:reninu, eut< itainmg
the st ntnvu nts ntti ibutt d to him by the newspa-
per reports of that speet h, to eorue here and ob-
ject that the passage of t his bili will possibly lead
to a dissolution of'the Union.
Mr. COX. The. gentleman quotes something
from the newspaper repot is of a speech of mine
in New Yoi k.
Mr. YViLHON. No, sir ; what I quoted was
from the Globe of 1 ist Satuiday.
Air. COX. To what gentleman fiem Ohio, then,
doe- tne ^entlcm.in fiom Iowa iefet?
Mr. WILSON, in eunneetion with what I
quoted h'otn the Grume, f i ej orn d to a speech made
m New Yoik by the gentleman himself.
Mi. COX. 1 wnl say to the gentleman from
Iowa that the repays given of that speech in cer-
tain slanderous journals, like the Tiibune, are not
true, and the gentleman ought to know it is not
fair to quote m this House from any such garbled
authority as that, i  \in ui \ e the gentleman a copy
of my speech ni New Yoik entne; in which I lake
ground against an3' mutilation or dismemberment
of this Republic m a >y way.
Mr. WILSON. Tin, g-i ntlenian has had an op-
portunity to disclaim the sentiment s .if 1 hat «p< eeii.
[ have not based my ehnige upon what was le-
ported in New York.
Mr. COX. I do not disclaim any part of that
speeeh.
Mr. WILSON. So much the worse for the
genth man.
Mr. COX. 1 never said in that speech what the
gentleman has chained.
Mr. WI LbON. 1 say I do riot bisc my charge
upon what was reported 10 the Now York Tri-
bune. It was based upon what was contained in
the New \ ork Woild, a p''ner which advocates
the views and interests of the gentleman's paitv.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will permit mi 
Mt. WILSON. 1 h.aveaiven thegentleman an
opportunity to explain, and my time has nearly
exphed.
Mr. COX. The geiilhman should not make
such chaiges, and then refuse to yield for expla-
nation.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman has explained,
and I say his speech is calculated tu bring- about,
and its legitimate result will be to brin< about, a
feeling of hostility between a portion of the people
of the W est and the people of New England. The
gentleman in that speech, unless I very much mis-
lead it, intimated in very strong terms that New
England must ^ive up her puritanism or be " left
out in the cold;" that is, excluded from the Union.
That speech is well devised to bring about the
very thing which, it is complained, will result
from the passage of this bill; a result which no
friend of this bill believes possible to spring fiom
its passage or enforcement; we mean that it shall
help save the Union.
In this connection I desire to say that just such
utterances as are found in that speech, now being
repeated by the friends of the gentleman through-
out the noithem States, sound very much like
echoes of the notes which are proclaimed by the
rebel papers at Richmond. 1 have an extract
ft om the Richmond Examiner which contains this
sentiment:
'• It 1^ obvious that in the States ju-t mentioned [Illinois,
Tnd'ann, Ohio. I'enii. \ Ivaina. >. h\ Jui--ey. and New York]
the Lincoln Government 1-, vn wed !<\ a lai^e m.noiity as
a vile t\ lainiy. and t hey may mkhi eouio t> think it-= de-
Kiiueuon i* d"manded to be then hidiot eitnc-t. Those
St.it'-'- w'silbe li'iiiil to eveiv motive of piofn nnd advantage
if they d > not adopt tin- po!ic>. Tim- is their only mode
to eicape the buiden of a uinnne debt ! etened on their
MkuiIJu- by New Jh)<j!'Ui<l lunatic imu <>ihI cupidity ; and as
New I'tejland has lcapv-d the ptofii- or the wai, tiiev may
coiiehtde to tuiii over to her the buiden of payment."
The sentiment contained in that paragraph is
111 exact harmony with sentiments embodied in
hundreds ami thousands of appeals now being
made to tin4 people of the North by the gentleman
and his ft tends. I hold 111 my hand a resolution
passed by a meeting; of the gentleman's political
i'in nils in my own .State, in whn h they give m-
dorst ment to the sentiment contained in the Rich-
mond Examiner. And I state that the organiza-
tion to which the gentlemen on the other side have
attached themselves is busy, not only in my State,
but in Illinois, Indiana, nnd in all the western
Spates, m a detr 1 mined oiiruniz' d elfort to produce
a feeling of hostility towards New England, and
it is time for the people throughout the country to
umleistand this tlung.
I do not know butgentlemen expect to save the
Union m this way; but I do know that, whatever
their expectations may be, they are pursuing the
only sure policy of bringing about a dissolution.
Some, I have no doubt, desire it. The resolution
to which 1 refer as having been passed by the
friends of the gentleman—and one of those fi lends
was a defeated candidate of that party for Con-
gress-in the State of Iowa—reads as follows:
^(1, Thatwhen we-nrvcy 0111 present unhappy difficulties
as a conntrv, a^ well a- tae.i oulmi and -un(iinuliny>, the
re-p<>;i Mbihue., ot then author-, :unl their con "<]neiices to
laune irenciation-. the -oleum and nnpo-imj ptopoinons of
the Mii;!"ct intone a- \\ nh contempt lot 1 veiythnig of a
deceiilul 01 tniie--ei v niu eh.u.iei. r, and 1 in[>e| u- to -pealc
lrniM\ :u.d tn.iko Hn-s volt inn deeiai ition thnt. had if not
been lor the i.nianei-m an.I pcculatioa of Xew lai^land,
oiu <jeneiation \\ oidd not have w.tne-.-eil the liha-My specter
ot (h-nuio'i , and vveio n noi t< i tie .-am" can-e,. i-till pat-
eiit fot evd. tho--e d:lh'aiinc.- could icad-'y lie adjusted;
tneri foie, we have e\hau-ted ev.-i lea-fmnhl" eflhit for the
le-ioiaiion of the Union a-1! vva-. ffhouhl Xew Tamidnd
!-t;ni(i in the bojaeii. We. a-= we-tern men. w dl eon-u't we-l-
ein pi.de, winch alike toihul- that the meat M'—ab-ippL
\ alie> lion Id evei be (Pv.deii. and theieby 1 "!l(ien d tulai-
tai;, 'o a nn.iou- \\ t< iu of Yankee Iiitoleiance. cupidity,
and chin b"zi-lai >011. No, the in car vailev,1 now
and foo'vei. mi" and ia-ep,!i,i!)lo.' Then will we cheer-
1 tills -a\ to i\'ew Unyland, with all lie) cnp'duj, with all
Ikm meanne—tonat.eu 111. foih"-, ami motal tin .atude. we
bid von {rood-by5 remeinbeiing >ou ouiy for the wiongd
)ou have done."'
This 1 esolution was passed, as 1 stated, by a con-
vrntion of so-called Democrats of my own State.
It would be good treason for tlu l.itimdo of Rich-
mond. All through tin' States in the West you
may find this t-anm tfim^ going on. In almost
cveiy tc wnshij> the same hind of sentiment is
being pronml'Mted, and unceasing, determined
< ITohs nre making to excite the people against
New ["'milam! and the Government. Every man
on^a^ed in this treasonable work belongs to the
political organization represented by the olherside
of this }Iouse.
But, again, sir, it is said by the opponents of
this lull that the employment of negro soldiers
will degrade us. I would like to ask the gentle-
men who make this argument if it is more degrad-
ing and disgraceful for this Government to receive
into its naval and military service colored men,
