30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"[December 2,
31th Costs....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
•were in possession of Norfolk, and every port of
the southern coast. They held the Mississippi,
from Cairo to New Orleans. Now the blockaded
ports of Charleston and Mobile only remain to
them on the sea-board, and New Orieans artd Mem-
phis have been wrested from them. Their pos-
session of Vicksburg obstructs the Mississippi,
but it is to them of no commercial'use. Their
strongholds on the Tennessee and Cumberland
rivers'have been captured. General Andrew John-
son, as military governor of Tennessee, holds
Nashville. The enemy have been, driven from
Kentucky, West Tennessee, Missouri, part of
Arkansas; are fleeing before Grant in Mississippi,
and all their hopes of Maryland are cut off. In
commercial, political, and strategical points of
view, more success has attended, the Union cause
than was ever witnessed upon so large a theater
in the same* brief period against so formidable an
enemy.
The Union forces are no w in the field under able
commanders, stronger than ever, resolute, and
eager to be led against the enemy, and to crush
the rebellion by a vigorous winter carrmaign. Tho
armies of the Potomac and of the West stand
ready to vie with each other in quickest and heav-
iest blows against the enemy. Taught by expe-
rience the ruin of inaction and the hazard of delay,
a spirit of earnest activity seems to pervade the
forces of the United States beyond what has hith-
erto been exhibited. In the numerous battles and
engagements that have occurred, our armies in
general displayed the couragc and determination
that should inspire officers and soldiers fighting in
defense of their Government. Many gallant lives
have been lost, and many brave and distinguished
officers have fallen. For the dead deep sorrow is
felt by the Government and people of the United
States.' A detailed report of those who have fallen
in battle, or have distinguished themselves in the
field, will be presented to you as soon as all the
necessary official reports can be obtained. Some
promotions in reward of gallant service have al-
ready been made from the ranks, and to high com-
mand; others have been delayed for want of the
reports of subordinate commanders, in order that
promotion may bo governed, not by partiality or
prejudice, but upon duo consideration of relative
merit. By a resolution of Congress passed at the
last session, the President was authorized to dis-
tribute two thousand medals to private soldiers of
distinguished merit. Frum different specimens a
selection has been made, and the medals are to be
ready 111 January for distribution.
The reports of the Adjutant General, ftuarter-
master General, Commissary General, Chief of
Ordnance, Chief of Engineers, Chief of Topo-
graphical Engineers, Paymaster General, and
Surgeon General, herewith submitted, show the
operation of tho respective bureaus of this De-
partment during tho past year. Some of them
contain details and information which, for obvious
reasons, ought not to be placed, by publication at
present, within the reach of tho enemy. What-
ever details relating to tho public security, con-
tained in these reports and not herein stated,
may be required for the information of Congress
or congressional committees, will be furnished
under your direction.
The Adjutant General's Office is charged, among
other important duties, with the business relating
to enlistments, recruiting, and drafting militia.
Under your calls of July and August there are al-
ready in the field over 420,000 new troops, of which
390,000 are volunteers, 332,000 of whom have vol-
unteered for three years or during the war. It
will be remembered that the call was made at one
of those periods of despondency which occur in
every national struggle. A chief hope of those
who set the rebellion on foot was for aid and com-
fort from disloyal sympathizers in the northern
States, whose eil'orts were relied upon to divide
and distract the people of the North, and prevent
them from putting forth their whole strength to
preserve the national existence. The call for vol-
unteers and a draft of the militia afforded an occa-
sion for disloyal persons to accomplish their evil
purpose by discouraging enlistments, and encour-
aging opposition to the war and the draft of sol-
diers to carry it on.
Anxiety was felt in some States at the probable
success of these disloyal practices, and the Gov-
ernment was urged to adopt measures of protec-
tion by temporary restraint of those engaged in
these hostile acts. To that end provost marshals
were appointed in some of the States, upon the
nomination of their Governors, to act under the
direction of the State executive, and the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended by your order. By
the order of the Department arrests were forbid-
den unless authorized by the State executive or
by the judge advocate. Some instances of unau-
thorized arrests have occurred, but when brought
to the rfotice of the Department the parties have
been immediately discharged. By a recent order
all persons arrested for discouraging enlistments,
orfordisloyal practices,in States where thequotas
of volunteers and militia are filled up, have been re-
leased. Other persons, arrested by military com-
manders, and sent from departments where their
presence was deemed dangerous to the public
safety, have been discharged upon parole to be of
good behavior, and do no act of hostility against
the Government of the United States. While
military arrests of disloyal persons form the sub-
ject of complaint in some States, the discharge
of such persons is complained of in other States.
It has been the aim of the Department to avoid
any encroachment upon individual rights, as far
as might be consistent with public safety and the
preservation of the Government. But reflecting
minds will perceive that no greater encouragement
can be given to the enemy, no more dangerous act
of ho"Mity can be perpetrated in this war, than ef-
forts to prevent recruiting and enlistments for the
armies, upon whose strength national existence
depends. The expectations of the rebel leaders
and their sympathizers in loyal States that the call
forvolunteers would notbc answered,and that the
draft could 110 the enforced, have failed, and nothing
is left but to clamor at the means by which their
hopes were frustrated, and to strive to disarm the
Government in future, if, in tho chances of war,
another occasion for increasing the military force
should arise.
Beside aiding State authorities respecting the
draft and enlistments, another important duty is
assigned to the provost marshals. The Army re-
turns and the report of the General-in-Chief show
that a large number of officers and enlisted sol-
diers, who are drawing pay and rations, are im-
properly absent from their posts. The pursuit of
such persons,and their compulsory return toduty,
is a necessary function of a provost marshal, and
such number only as may be required for that pur-
pose will be retained in the service. The pay and
bounty allowed by act of Congress to recruits have
afforded strong temptation to practice fraud upon
the Government by false returns on muster-rolls
and false charges for subsistence. Diligentefforts
are being made for the detection of all such prac-
tices, and to bring the guilty parties—some of
whom have held respectable stations in society—
before n proper civil or military tribunal as soon
as the necessary preliminary investigations by the
judge advocate can be completed. The same
course is being pursued in respect to fraudulent
contractors and disbursing officers.
The expenditure for enlistments, recruiting,
drilling, and subsistence of volunteers, regulars,
and militia, amounts to the sum of §20,092,282 99.
In some States the whole quota of volunteers
and militia called for was entirely filled up by vol-
unteers, without draft. In some the whole num-
ber of volunteers was raised, and a part of the mi-
litia. Other States are deficient in volunteers and
have not yet made their draft, but have taken
measures for that purpose. Illinois and Iowa have
furnished more volunteers than their quota under
both calls. The general acquiescence of sell the
loyal States in the measures deemed necessary to
strengthen the armies and prosecute the war, at
every hazard, to final success, proves the fidelity
of the people to their Government, and their de-
termination to maintain its unity and uphold its
authority over tho whole territory of the United
States. Wherever any forcible opposition to the
draft has appeared it was confined to narrow lim-
its, and was suppressed by the actioii of the otate
authorities, through the provost marshal, without
the intervention of any armed force of the General
Government,
The advantage of filling up the old regiments is
shown by many considerations. Various expe-
dients have been adopted to accomplish that ob-
ject. The official returns show that since the call
for volunteers 49,090 recruits have been added to
the old regiments. By the aid of some legislation,
it is hoped that this important object may be ef-
fectually attained.
The Adjutant General's office hasalso had charge
of the exchange of prisoners. In the month of
July a cartel of exchange was arranged by Gen-
eral John A. Dix, on the part of the United States,
and General Hill, of the rebel army, under which
large numbers of prisoners of war have been ex-
changed. There still remain'some paroled pris-
oners belonging to the United States Army, whose
exchange will be effected-at the earliest opportu-
nity.
Experience has shown that serious defects ex-
ist in the militia law, which should be promptly
remedied, and that the laws in relation to volun-
teers also need amendment. The views of the
Department on these subjects will be communi-
cated to the appropriate committees of Congress.
Tho patriotic zeal and efficient aid cordially ren-
dered by the respective Governors of the loyal
States in the laborious and complicated duties
pertaining to raising the volunteers and making
the draft are thankfully acknowledged by this
Department.
One of the principal bureaus of this Department,
in respect to the amount of expenditure and tho
magnitude of operations, as well as their influence
upon military movements, is that of the Quarter-
master General. His able and elaborate report
will be found worthy of your special observation.
It presents a general statement of the operations
of the Department under his charge during the
fiscal year. The clothing and equipage of the
Army; all that relates to its shelter in camp, in
barracks, or on the march; the organization, equip-
ment, and care of the baggage and supply trains;
the purchase and charter of transports; the trans-
portation of troops and supplies of all kinds; the
repair and reconstruction of bridges, rail roads, and
common roads; the supply of forage for the Army,
of horses for the cavalry and artillery, of harness,
except for the cavalry and artillery, of wagons,
ambulances, hospiUs.1 transport carts, and all the
vehicles of the trains, except artillery carriages
and caissons; the supply of labor other than that
of troops; the payment of soldiers on extra duty;
the erection of barracks, hospitals, and stables;
the supply of tents; the care of refugees and pris-
oners; and generally all the expenses attending
the operations and movements of an army not spe-
cifically assigned to some other department, fall
within the duties of the quartermaster's depart-
ment. The extent of the issues of some of the
most important materials of war are set forth in
tables attached to the report. A full statement of
the expenditures of the fiscal year is given, and it
will be seen"that, while the Army is reported to
have been successfully and promptly furnished
with all the supplies which it is the duty of the
quartermaster's department to provide, the De-
partment has not had at its command facilities for
completing, as promptly as the interest of the Gov-
ernment and of the officer requires, the examina-
tion of the voluminous accounts of its disbursing
agents.
The magnitude of the operations for the sup-
ply of the Army are set forth in the report, with
remarks upon the means of reducing expendi-
tures, and providing a more speedy settlement of
accounts, and- a more strict accountability for
public money and property.
It will be seen that the quartermaster's depart-
ment, upon which, under the law of 17th July,
providing for theemploy ment of colored persons,
the charge of such persons is chiefly imposed,
has not found itself burdened with their care, but
that it has, on the contrary, derived valuable aid
from their labor, and, in a considerable portion
of its field of operations, has thus far suffered
from a scant rather than from too great a supply
of such labor. Ill Louisiana, where at one time
there weie apprehensions of embarrassment from
tho number of refugees, the reserve of a iract of
rich land along the railroad to Berwick's bay opens
up a territory in which many thousands can be
