1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and pay them for their rservicos, than it is for shive-
holdm^ gentlemen to live upon the unrequited toil
of the same class of poisons? If you need the
services of the black man, there is more honor in
employing him and paying him what his labor is
worth than there is in appropriating his services
without pay; and if there is any degradation in-
volved in the employment of Africans, then three
hundred and fifty thousand of the citizens of the
United States are a most deeply degraded people.
Sir, there is no occasion for fearing this degrada-
tion. When gentlemen speak of the superiority
of the Anglo-Saxon race, and of its ability to tako
care of itself, they must remember that that race,
of which they speak so proudly and to which
theynresoproud to belong, is nowdmd'-d against
itself; and that, when theydaim tlussuperioiity,
they are claiming it for both parties to this con-
test. Wo, like sensible men, should follow the
example set ns in history, and tin* practical ex-
anip)<! set us by the rebels, and make use of all
the means that will aid us in crushing this u bul-
lion in the shot test possible time. If black men
can help us, let them do H. We want the Repub-
lic saved. Let us be not too fastidious about the
means. The nation may die while we discuss.
Let us not fear degradation will result to us if we
use. the same means which the fathers of the Re-
public used.
But, str, it is said that this measure will demor-
alize the Army, i want to know whether the
army at New Orleans is demoralized now ? Black
men are used there. I want to know whether
General Jackson's army in 1814 was demoral-
ized?* He used colored soldiers. I want to know
whether the army of the Revolution was demor-
alized? Peisoils of African descent were used
then. If not, what danger are we to apprehend
from the passage of this bill? We propose to do
over again just what has been done heretofore,
and what is now being done to a limited extent
m our Army and Navy, and which would have
been done to a greater extent if the law had been
sufficient to thai end. We are already employing
negroes, and I hope that we shall.carry on the
system of resorting to t heir aid until, by our own
power and theirs, we shall save the nation, not
with New Enghnd left out, but with every foot
of territoty belonging to it at the commencement
of the w ar. But, sir, what ri^ht have gentlemen
upon the other side of the Flons^ to com<. here
and slander our soldieis? They t"ii ns that our
Army will be demoralized, that they will throw
down their arms, desert our standai u. and letthe
country go to rum, rather than have a t«-w inde-
pendent negto legimonts employed m the service
of the United States. This is a base sWnder on
the brave men m the Atmy No slmder more
vile against a class of brave and patuouc men
ever fell from the hps of man. Sii, do the men
who make these statements know under what ob-
ligation the soldiers they defame are resting? If
they do not, let me give them the information.
Every soldier who has entered our Army hasfiist
taker, upon himself the following oath:
1* I do solemnly sweat (hat f \v:I! bear u in: allegiance to
the 1'iuted States of -Vmersoa, and th;it f will serve them
]ione--ti\ and laitlifullv against ad their enemicsoi oppo^-i-,
\\h itso-ver, and obev llie orders of the J'lr-trtent of the
United State--.ami tin- order.-. oi ih«- oil'c-r- appointedov< r
me. according to the in!c  and atticles, lor the government
Of the armies of the (Jolted states "
Every man who is to-day stand maunder the flag
of the nation has taken upon himself the obliga-
tions of that oath. I want to know whether g< n-
tlemen upon the other side are piepan-d to stand
by the declarations the v have made that tin se men,
disregarding thai oath, dit>n g.irding their obliga-
tions to then country, dmiegiudmg the honor and
pride of tlm soldier, will turn their backs upon
the flag, leave the field, and let armed rebtilion
destroy ihis Republic? However much gentle-
men may hope for such results, I do not believe
they will ever icalize then). 1 believe our soldiers
wont into the Army for the put pose of having this
nation. 1 believe that they wilt discharge their
duty, and that the nation will be saved m spite of
all the attempts, South and North, to prevent it.
But lot me call attention to another fact in con-
nection with this objection to the bill. Manycon-
tlemmi upon the other side of the Chamber have
said thai we arc tending toward a military des-
potism. Let ua look at that proposition for a mo-
ment. What do these gentlemen mean when they
tell us that the Army is opposed to this measure ?
j If our legislation is to be controlled by such con-
siderations, how far are we removed from a mili-
tary despotism' To Congress is delegated the
legislative powers of the Government. We pio-
pose to exercise those powers, but are told that
wc must not, because the Army is opposed to
our proposed action. If we yield to this objec-
tion, shall we not in effect turn over the legislative
power of the Government to the Army ? Gentle-
men on the other side, by raising such an objec-
tion, show their willingness to submit to a military
despotism, provided it will enforce their views,
advance their interests, and keep men in slavery.
I do not believe the Aimy will revolt; nor do I
believe that it is our business to inquire into the
particular sentiments of any man or set of men,
when we are railed upon to ex<ncise our high
constitutional functions in passing laws for the
government of the nation. But theie is no dangei;
the Aimy is patriotic; their hearts aie in the work;
and Ibthev< that we shall have peace as the rc-
j sv.U of the ctForts thev are making, The Army
j will attend to its duty if we attend to ours. They
j know what tluur duty is, and they have patriot-
| ism suflirient to carry them to the end of their
j gloi ions woi k.
j But, sir, to put the casein relation to the Army as
| strong as possible, I he gentleman Irom Ohio [Mr.
! Cox] made the following statement, which I sup-
i pose he intended as a compliment to the Irish-
I men m the Army. He saul: " Why, Mi. Speaker,
j pei haps one third of your present At my is made
I up of Irishmen." Well, I think that statement is
I pietty strong. To say that in an army of nine
: hundred thousand men three hundred thousand
j of them are bishmen, is certainly giving the com-
j pliment handsome proportions. But he says
1 further:
i <k \YY know that a great part of the spirit of our Aimy
corner fiom Hit: (Vine stock, hook .u yum Ma>sa<-husriis
re^im'-uN. I think that wm willliad in those regiments a
!:i,t|oiit) of ItHmi'Mi. I tell jou. >n. tin se irishmen will
not tijht sale by srd  with the* negro.' You might as well
he warned of these thine-? in i i in. -. ^ *
Whatdoes the gentleman mean? Doea ho make
that declaration merely for the sound or for thf
substance? What does he mean when he tells us
that if we exercise our legitimate powers in die
passage of a bill of this kind the Irishmen of the
Army will abandon theii btaudard ? Jf lie was
not authorized to make the statement, he had no
business to make it. I do not believe he was an-
thoiized to make if. if he- had no such author-
ity, for what purpose was it made unless it was
to produce the very state of things m the Army
which the gentleman tells us will be produced ;
Was h's o'ojcvt to send foith from the Halls of
Congress an appeal to the irishmen in the Army
to desert their standards and turn rebels to the
cause of their adopted country ? If 1 ho gentleman
was notauthorizeel to make the statement it must
have been made for some purpose, and I know of
no purpose for which it could have been made
save the one I have suggested. And that is the
kind of feast to which he invites the li ish sold lets;
suggests desertion, and calls it a compliment.
Another reason given by the, gentleman from
Ohio why we should not pass this bdl, is em-
braced in the fVilowing extract from his speech:
"Gentleman lorget thai the people eM-i,;ind have spoken.
This r'gMatioii is ia total disregard «nid contempt oi their
voire. They have spoken lor the Deiiioetaey
Now, T have heard a great deal of that kind of
stuff m this Hall dming the present session of
Congress. I Ueny the statement. Tin; people hove
not spoken for the Democracy and repudiated the
Administration. Why, sir, what was the result
of the elections in the nine western and noith-
western States? At the eleetions last fall six out
of the nine sustained and voted for the Adminis-
tration. My own State gave a larger majouty
than she ever gave before. Michigan, Wiscon-
|! sin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas all
I; sustained the Administration by laige majorities.
;| Three States voted for the gentleman and his
j' fnends, and it was only because there were so
!j many good, true, and loyal men absent m the
I, Arm-/, i have not included m this statement
{• the two extreme western States of California and
1! Oregon. Both of those States cast majorities in
j! favor of the policy of the Administration. I as-
n sort that the aggr.-gate majontv, at the elections
I: held in 1802, throughout the loyal States, was
!j largely with the Administration. I am informed
I! that it was over sixty thousand. And yet gen-
tlemen tell ns that tl*p people have spoken for the
Democracy and repudiated the Administration*
and are now in opposition to the Government,' -The
statement is untrue.
Sir, there is nothinginall theseobjections whic,h
should deter us from passing this bill. The his-
tory of the country, and the circumstances sur-
rounding us, attest the expediency of the meas-
ure. Let us do our duty like men, looking only
to the good of our common country. The people
expect us to act. They want this rebellion put
down, and they will not q-uarrel with as about
the means. We must supply the legislation ne-
cessary to accomplish the salvation of the Repub-
lic. The people expect us to do so, and they will
sustain us in the fearless discharge of our duty.
Air. ALLEN, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will my colleague allow me a few
wo i ds ?
Mi. ALLEN, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend to
enter into any lengthened reply to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] That gentleman has
hitherto on this floor maintained the character of
a fair and cogent debater. But he went to-day
a little out of the path of congressional debate to
speak of a speech of mine reported in some of the
northern papers, and he yielded to me, \ am glad
to acknowledge, foi the purpose of making a cor-
rection of the inferences which he drew. As that
speech has been misinterpreted by other gentle-
men and by newspapers, 1 desire just now to read
a paragraph from it, to show to the gentleman and
to this House the position which I take, not only
at New Yoik,but in this House and in Ohio, and
everywhere else; and that is, thatthe Democratic
party will never consent, under any set of circum-
stances, to the mutilation or dismemberment of
tins Republic. That is theii gospel. And because
a gentleman happens to give warning to this aboli-
tionism in New England thatthcio is a growing
alienation in the Northwest, and with theavowed
purpose to have that alienation corrected by proper
and necessary legislation, he, forsooth, is to be
tabooed as a man favoring the dissolution of the
Union! On the same principle a man who should
give warning of a murder is to be accounted the
murderer. Every sentiment that 1 have everuttered
here orony where has been dictated by the most dig*
interested nationality—nothing more and nothing
else. I now ask the Clerk to read an extraetfrom
my speech at New Yoik, for the purpose of placing
my position properly befoie Lhe House,after the
remaiks of the gentleman from Iowa.
i The Clerk read, as follows:
j uAs a western man, repicsentmg the capital of the lead-
ing State ot the Noilhwc-f during these past six yeais, I
have not been unobsci vant of the signs in that quarter. I
have persistently opposed all schemes of secession and di-
vision. J yetoppoMj them. Hut f am far behind the im-
pulse and sentiment of tiie West. The ejection of the
States watered i>y the Mississippi and its tributaries into
nn ind"pendent republic, standing on iis own resources,
mineial and agricultural, with a soil so fat that if you
'tickle it with a hoe, it vvdl lan^h with a harvest;'
[eheersj a eonneefioit with which would be sought by
the South and the Ea-t, yet choosing lor it>e{f it< cheapest
and bc.-t outlet to the sea; banded together by river ami
homogeneity of interest, is becoming something more than
a dicam. it n the talk of every othei western man. All
fall into it, with a facility which i-> shocking to the olden
serine ofnationahiy. i speak ofthe-e •schetneH only to di3
nppiove ami to warn. Just as m 1861, in my seat in Cou-
gies^-, I warned of himdar^outhein schemes, but in vain.
All warning fell on sodden hearts. In vain the Um«mod
Douglas mged ; in vain the noble Ciittendr'ri plead.
[Cheers for Chittenden ] New England fanaticism made
compromise lmpo-^ihh,. Let us now be warned in tttae.
As patnotic men, loving our whole eouutiy, we must
understand the --onices of this new discontent."
4iI entreat the Democratic young men of New Yorfc: not
to countenance anv of the^t* ^ehemes of diMnunheiment,
which we of the We>t will Mnve to reprt-«^ ; but never
cease, day nor night, to v\ am the peopU; of the new locks
and fre^h breaker^ which tin eaten. lie wlio is most faith-
ful in p^intmt; them out m time, though he may be reviled,
■ gives the bc-t pioot of-ingle-heaited lovaky, and wiil be
„ appioved by lu> conscience and his God* Denvihg all
sympathy with any sth-mie which would in any way ntu-
' til.it>* the Republic, i boldly declare to jou these new and
I growing daugeis. Jefferson Davis is aware of these, tilings,
! and counts hugely upon the weakness, incertitude, and
; division engendered by the fatal crioro of this Adininistra-
i tion. Ahendythe Democratic oigau of Cincinnati, and
j the Republican organ at Chicago, aie issuing their wain-
t nigs in season."
| Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to ask the gentleman
i a question.
I Mr. COX. I hold the floor myself by the courl-
| esy of my colleague.
j Mr. ARNOLD. I only wish to ask a question.
