APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
[December 2,
SfaeH Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
work has been done at any of them during the
present year, with the exception of the St. Clair
light-house and beacon, and at Oswego harbor,
New York.
The general estimate for the completion of each
harbor work, founded upon previous inspections,
will be found in Appendix No. 2 of the report of
this bureau.
Claims for arrearages for harbors, rivers, roads,
&c., amounting to $15,000, are found on the rec-
ords of the bureau. The recommendation of the
previous annual reports for an appropriation for
their payment, on the ..approval of the War De-
partment, and adjustment by the Treasury, is re-
newed.
The bridging and repairs of the military and em-
igrant wagon road from Fort Walla-Walla, on the
Columbia river, to Fort Benton, on the Missouri,
have been completed. The length of the road is
six hundred and twenty-four miles. The officer
in oharge of the work recommends that the sum
of $70,000 be appropriated by Congress for the
further improvement of the route.
It appears from the report of the acting Pay-
master General, that during the fiscal yearending
the 30th of June, 3862, the sum of $5,550,039 54
was paid to the regular troops; that #91,116,010 G1
were paid to volunteers; and that $38,597,819 07
have been paid since the 30th of June, 18652. The
report states that nearly all the regiments were
paid to the 30th of June, many to the 31st of Au-
gust; that some delay in payment has been occa-
sioned by want of funds, but it is believed that all
will soon be paid.
By the death of Colonel Lamed a vacancy was
occasioned in the office of chief of this bureau,
which, under the existing law, can only be filled
by regularpromotion from the corps. In my opin-
ion, the good of the service requires a wider range
of selection for this most important office. The
vacancy has not yet been filled, in order that, by
a change of the law, the volunteer and regular ser-
vices may be open to selection of such person as
you may deem most competent for the duty.
_ The Surgeon General's report affords informa-
tion in respect to the sanitary condition of the
Army. It also shows an expenditure of the whole
appropriations of that department, amounting to
$3,445,894 89. The number of general hospitals
is 151; the number of patients in them 58,375.
The whole number under medical treatment is
stated to he not short of 90,000.
The,Surgeon General represents that, during the
past year, there have 'been no epidemics m the
Army of any severity; that the diseases which
affect men in camps have been kept at a low mini-
mum; that scurvy has been almost entirely pre-
vented, and that there have been but few victims
of yellow lever.
This bureau required enlargement and reorgan-
ization in many particulars, and some improve-
ments have been made. Others aie suggested
which merit careful consideration.
The operations of the surgical department have
been aided by humane and benevolent associa-
tions. The horrors of battle have been assuaged
by ministers of mercy; and it is worthy to be re-
corded of the medical profession that their services
have been voluntarily and gratuitously offered on
every occasion. Relief associations in every State
have done much to comfort and assist the sick find
wounded in camps and hospitals, and their vigi-
lant superintendence has perhaps operated „ > check
the negligence, abuse, and fraud that too often pre-
vail even in such institutions. Religious congre-
gations and societies have also tendeied to the
Government their church buildings for hospitals,
while their pastors have ministered to the patients.
These matters are proper to be brought to your
notice, because, while war stimulates every evii
passion, the vntues developed in this great strug-
gle to maintain our national existence should not
pass unnoticed.
The report of Alajor Myer, of the signal corps,
deserves your attention. The services of this coj ps
to armies in the field, and for many military and
naval purposes, is highly estimated. At present
it is without distinct organization, and is made up
of officers detailed from other branches of service.
A separate organization is recommended.
The acknowledgment of this Department is due
to Colonel Stager, Major Eckert, and their assist-
ants of the telegraph corps. In diligence, fidelity,
and important aid, they have been unsurpassed by
any branch of the service.
With this presentation of the past operations
and present condition of the War Department, the
duty required of me by the act of Congress to make
an annual report is, in a great measure, fulfilled.
It is seen that a force has been placed by the people
of the United States at the command of the Gov-
ernment, to maintain its authority, more mighty
in all the elements of warlike power than was
ever before arrayed under one banner.
How shall that force be employed ? To smite
£he enemy on every hand, to attack his armies and
-strongholds, to occupy his ports, clear the great
rivers of the West from his obstructions, and
pause not until he is subdued, is our plain duty.
Above all, it is our duty to disdain no legitimate
aid that may save the lives of our gallant soldiers,
diminish their labors, provide for their wants,
and lessen the burdens of our people. No aphor-
ism is more universally received than that " the
sole object of a just war is to make the enemy
feel the evils of his injustice, and, by his suffer-
ings, amend his ways; he must therefore be at-
tacked in-the most accessible quarter."
The power of the rebels vests upon their pecu-
liar system of labor, which keeps laborers on their
plantations to support owners who are devoting
their time and*strength to destroy our armies and
destroy our Government. Whenever that sys-
tem is in hostility to the Government, it is, in my
opinion, the duly of those conducting the war to
strike down the system, and turn against the
rebels the productive power that upholds the in-
surrection. Rightly organized in the recovered
territory, the laborers of the rebel States will not
only aid in holding fortified positions, but their
labor will, as in India, free the white soldier from
the most unwholesome exposure of the South.
They will cultivate the corn and forage, which
will feed our cavalry and artillery horses, and
save the country a portion of the enormous burden
now attending their purchase and transport from
the North. This cultivation would have been of
greater advantage to us on the smitheastern coast
than even that of the great staple of the sea islands.
Probably the people who remained upon these
islands, within protection of our armies, could,
under wise contiol, have supplied all the forage
needed this year by the forces in the department
of the South.
The full radon for a horse weighs twenty-six
pounds; that of a soldier three pounds. An army
well organized and equipped for active operations,
with a due proportion of cavalry, artillery, and
baggage trains, will have not less than one horse
or mule to every four soldiers; so that the weight
of food for the animal is more than double that of
the rations of the men. Ilow important an aid,
hoy great an economy, in a long contest, there-
fore, would there be in raising, by this cheap la-
| bor, the greater part of the forage alone for the
! southern department—thus, for a greater portion
j of our wants, transferring the base of supplies,
I now at New York, to Hilton Head or New Or-
I leans.
I The Department has found it difficult to trans-
: fer tins labor fiom one part of the seat of war to
! another. Local and family tics seem to be very
j strong with these people, and, with all their faith
j in the power and good will of our military com-
i mandors, it was found difficult to get volunteer
i laborers to leave Port Royal for other depots.
; A population of four millions, true to the in-
terests of the Union, with slight assistance from
[ the Army, will, under proper regulation and gov-
! ernment, be of the greatest assistance m holding
] the territoi y once lecovered. The principal staples
' of the South are the product exclusively of their
labor, if protected upon the lands they have
heretofore cultivated, with some organization,and
! with support Aom small detachments of loyal
! troops, tiicy would not only produce much of
I what is needed to feed our armies and their trains,
j but they would forever cut off from the lebellion
i the resources of a country thus occupied.
; The rebel armies move with ease through por-
; lions of the border States, living upon the coun-
, try in which our commanders fina no supplies.
The people bring forth their hoards, and offer them
to the rebels for sale or gift. Protect the laboring
population, who are the majority in the greater
part of the South, in the possession of the land
and its products, and this great advantage will,
for whatever portion of the country we occupy,
be transferred to us. As soon as the coast is
thoroughly occupied, and the people organized,
trade will revive. Cotton, rice, sugar, and other
products will be exchanged by the producer for
what he weeds. Their wants will be supplied
direct from the northern factories, and the culti-
vation of the great staples will enable them to pay
for what they use. A perfectly free trade may
thus again grow up between the North and*the
Southland with greater or less rapidity it will
spread over the whole country as our forces suc-
ceed in meeting and dispersing the rebel armies.
The greater part of the whole country which
formerly produced the sea-island cotton is now
thoroughly restored to the Union. The laborers
arc there—the soil and climate. It needs only
assurance of protection to revive the cultivation
of the staple, as well as to produce vast quantities
of corn and forage for our troops. Since this war
must be conducted by marches and battles and
sieges, why neglect the best means to make them
successful, and their results permanent? It is
worthy of notice that thus far the portions of ter-
ritory which, once recovered, we have most firmly
held, are precisely those in which the greatest
proportion of colored men are found. By their
assistance our armies will be able permanently
to operate in and occupy the countryvand in labor
for the Army, in raising its and their own supplies,
full occupation can be given them, and with this
there will be neither occasion nor temptation to
them to emigrate to a northern and less congenial
climate. Judging by experience, no colored man
will leave his home in the South if protected in
that home. All possibility of competition from
negro labor in the North is avoided in giving
colored men protection andemployment upon the
soil which they have thus far cultivated, and the
right to which has been vacated by the original
proprietors deeply involved in the crimes of trea-
son and rebellion. No great territory has been
permanently reduced without depriving the leaders
of its people of their lands and property. It is
these that give power and influence. Few men
have the commanding genius and talent to exer-
cise dangerous influence over their fellow-men
without the adventitious aid of money and of
property. By striking down this system of com-
pulsory labor, which enables the leaders of the
rebellion to control the resources of the people,
the rebellion would die of itself.
Under no circumstances has any disposition to
servile insurrection been exhibited bythe colored
population in any southern State, while a strong
loyalty to the Federal Government has been dis-
played on every occasion, and against every dis-
couragement. By the means suggested the rebel-
lion may be disarmed and subdued swiftly and
effectually, and the lives of our own people saved
from slaughter and the battle field. By the occu-
pation of all their ports on the Mississippi and the
sea-coast a market will be opened in every rebel
State for the industry of our people to'supply the
wants of the Army, and also of a loyal popula-
tion, in exchange for the valuable products of their
labor. Another point of attack is by aimed set-
tlements upon the vacant Government lands in
Florida and Texas. Thousands in the northern
and western States are impatiently waiting the sig-
nal of military movement to plant their homes in
!■ the best territory of this continent, and bring it
-! back to the Union as loyal States. So far from
jj the southern States beins invincible, no enemy
I! was ever so vulnerable if the means at hand are
jj employed against them. If your proposition for
11 compensated emancipation, and a voluntary return
|| to loyalty,be blindly rejected,still theproperap-
!, plication of the means at command of the Govern-
i| ment cannot fail to accomplish the suppression of
j' the rebellion and a restoration of those peaceful
;! relations which were designed to be established
;! forever on this continent by the Union of the
|j S£atcs' EDWIN M. STANTON,
!! The President . Salary ef War,
