• .
34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Keps.
for the North American mail service terminates;
and this contract has about six years to run. The
non-concurrence of the British office in my accept-
ance of its proposition was not anticipated, and is
placed upon such grounds as to leave no opening
at present for the further prosecution of the nego-
tiations.
Our international mail system isextremely loose
and defective. There is no common standard
weight for the single rate. There is no common
rate for the sea transit, or for overland transit.
The inland traositrate upon domestic correspond-
ence furnishes no rule for overland transit of for-
eign correspondence.
Rates upon closed mails are not uniform by dis-
tance, or by other common rule, and they vary
greatly according to the route of carriage. The
whole foreign system, as now established, is too
complex to be readily understood by postmasters,
and many mistakes and unfortunate delays arise
from its complexity. I had little hope of remedy-
ing these evils, except by a general congress of
postal representatives, practically acquainted with
taeir respective systems, and predisposed to facil-
itate the international, social, and commercial cor-
respondence, by which national prosperity is so
much affected.
Accordingly, I opened a correspondence through
the State Department on the 4th of August last;
nnd several replies have been received, all of
which are favorable, and conscnt to the project.
)f the representatives to the proposed congress
shall engage in its objects, recognizing the fact
that postal arangements, as compared with the
great interests of commerce and of national inter-
course, are auxiliaries and not principals, I shall
hope for the best results. Should the other coun-
t! les which have been invited to cooperate approve
of the object of the conference, many desirable
improvements may bo intioduced which it will be
dtilkult, if not impossible, to .secure without co n-
cert of action. The subjects to be submiit"d by
this Department for the consideration and ecum
of the proposed conference are stated m my letts r
of the 4th of August last to the Secretary of Smi- , a
copy of which is appended to this report, (No. 10.)
CONTRACT OFFICE.
The contract office is charged with the conduct,
of mail Idlings, and all contracts and allowances
for inland mad transportation, with she mail mes-
senger service; the supervision and icgulation of
mail contractors, nnd the routes of mail transit,
Me'luding distiibutmg,offices; and with the in-
crease and diminution of service on mail ioutes.
Tabic A (No. 11) exhibits the service us it
stood on the 30?h of June ls\«t in the States of
Maine, New Hampshire, Veimont, Mn^snchu-
Rhode i.-f.ind, Connecticut, New Voile,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,
Ohio, WVs-tei n Vugima, Mirlngan, I ndiaua, 11 li-
no is, wiscon1-''!!, Iowa, Missom i, M innesota,
Kentucky, California, Oiegon, Kansas, and the
Teintones of New Mexico, Utah, Nebraska,
Washington, and Colorado, at which time there
were in operation in those States and Teriitones
 >,()( H) mail i outes, t In- mi mi in of cont ractors being
5,X>ch The length of these .routes was 134,013
noles, and the mode of service divided as follows:
Kniho.ul d!.::ns
Sn-amhoat  5,017
Willi ** (•••ifiilv, cert.milv, and sec tint v "  •!,)..)?J
   iU.i'.'H
iijieiioriuotlos    4G,v 11
The annual tran.spoi tation of mails was
53,4'jr2,5-2j miles, costing $3,853,834, divided as
follows:
Miles. (7s\ per mile.
Railroad Q^^TT.OJO nt $3,-ICP. 11.r , about 11
Sf.-amhoar  - j-i 8-10
Wan " eHcutv.
ceo'iinu, ami
 !.'},'in-.0!l   6JO 013   43 !
Ooa<-!i   !0 " 1,7: LV,4 " !
* ".orio{ iii<p(j,s.... 7.(j<is,iC>t ;* 07^,!f>7 " S ]
Tin* i of tonic ujcrit-* m tlic service iv;w ,170, at n '
eomp'-ijvaiion ot"   &.27I.U31 0.)
The number (a local a2<;nt< w;b 3"), contain, 10,074 UO !
The i(uint>iT or mail UiCsjCn^er^ was 1.5CJ,
(Of'ni;'    1G1.C07 C3 :
Tile number oi uulioid bayirasre-ma^tcj', n :
eiKtrjT" of the e\pu*-.> mails w.vs G'J. eo-nncr, 4,813 00
TJie number of emploj < d on Hcaim r
eonvesm:,' ai.uS to ^eutlicrn port-; was 7,
co«t;u«  500 oo
Tin* *inn added to mo cost of service ia op-
eration on lie- UOia ofJune last 5,853,8^4 00 .
ATa'ies ihfioiu! on the 30th of June last.... $6,314,464 $2 i
including §1,000,000 for the great overland mail
to California.
The Jottings of new contracts for the term com-
mencing July 1, 18G2, and ending June 30, 18G6,
embraces the routes in the Statesof Michigan, In-
diana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Min-
nesota, Kentucky, California, Oregon, and Kan-
sas, and the Teuitoiies of New Mexico, Utah,
Nebraska, Washington, Colorado, and Dakota;
and the following shows the service under those
lettings for the first quarter of the contract year
ended 30th of September last:
Miles. Miles CosU
transportation.
Railroad  8.533 7,714,474 $833,933
Steamboat  4,222 1,320,891 197,105
With "celerity, certainty,
and secuuty" 70,880 16,155,167 2,111,630
Totals 63,035 25,190,532 $3,14*2,663
Compared with the service of the 30th of June
last, the length of routes is increased 6,159 miles,
with an annual increase of transportation of
754,428 miles, at a decrease in cost of §340,648.
It should be stated, however, that several routes
in Kentucky and Missouri were omitted to be let
on account of the war, the cost of which would
probably have been $9,648, making the net saving
^331,000, being about 9^ per cent.
There is also shown a saving of about 11| per
cent. ov;r the tan vice us let to " mode not speci-
fied" and " coach" combined, and that which is
designated by the Department as " star," or with
u celei ity, certainty,and security." This import-
ant saving is owing to strict adherence to the re-
quirements of the act of March 3, 1845, for letting
the contracts for the ticin.sport.uion of the mail,
without other reference to the mode than may be
necessary to piovide for the due celerity, certainty,
and security of such tiansportation.
Other tables showing the operationsof thecon-
tr<e-t office are appended to this icpui t. (See Nos.
32, 13, 14.)
1 regret to state that the overland mail service
has not been satisfactory. It was assumed by
Congress that tins company could procure the
transportation of much of the heavy matter by
water, but no arrangement to effect this object was
made nil about the 1st day of July, 1862. To
this cause of faihue must be added the unprece-
dented Hoods of iast winter and spring, and Indian
depi edutions.
Arrangements having now been made by the
com ouny for th<v water carriage of pel unheals ,<&c.,
and a new and nioie dire< t route hiving been
started, less lutbleto interruption by the Indians,
I hope for Ji'vntcr success than has yet been
achieved. \Vithago« d road, nnd ovci a route
which the special a'cent.^ of the Department, who
have recently inspected it, think is now vei y sale,
and can be made pcifeeily seeuie wiih a very
slight increase of force upon if, future failures will
he inexcusable. There have ben inegulariti"S
on tins line not excusable on any of the ^lomuls
above referred to, due measurably to mismanage-
ment, and partly to the difficulties of the under-
taking; but I am disposed to believe that those
now in chaige of tins great national undeitaking
are intent on making it successful.
Its importance, indeed, is becoming more and
more manifest. Every day brings intelligence of
the discovery of new mines of «{o!d and stiver in
the region traversed by this mail route, which
£i ves assurance that it will not be many yeai s be-
fore it will be protected and supported thioughout
the gienter part of the route by a civilized popu-
lation. As an agency in developing; these re-
sources for {lie Govern men f, the mail li no is ind is-
3>ens<)hi<vind every needful protection and support
should he given to the eomponv,and some allow-
ance made for failuics in the beginning of the
unde rLiking.
i renew the recommendation <>f my r port of
la^t year for the establishment of some system to
enable theDerwtnvnt t.  procure contractson fair
terras with laihoad companies for mad servicc.
M. ny eases have arisen since that time to illus-
trate the necessity of fui ther legislation to prevent
the serious prejudice to public int-rer.ts likely to
occur if these corpoiattons are left, as present,
entirely unrestrained by law. This leeomnKnd-
ation js not to be understood as reflecting upon
the public spirit and liberality of the railroad
companies of the country generally; for if called
on to designate a class of our people who are the
most liberal and public sptrheti, I would say that
it was the class concerned m railroads.
There would probably be no necessity for any
change ifthe Department could deal with this class
as a whole. The difficulty ties in having to deal
with single corporations. Some of these coipo-
rations, when the public Tieasury was full, suc-
ceeded in obtaining too much from the Treasury;
and even now, when the resources of the country
are so severely taxed to preserve the Government,
there are, 1 regret to say, some companies threat-
ening to throw off the mails, unless terms even
more onerous than any heretofore exacted fiom
theGovernmentby any other company are agreed
to by the Department. The effect of yielding to
such exactions on the part of the few has been
to raise the terms required by all; for the most
liberal justly say, whilst they agree that the terms
allowed are too high, yet they cannot compete
with rival lines unless they demand and receive
the same rates for carrying the mails. From the
natural bias of those concerned in a particular
road, they are disposed to think injustice done
them by the estimate made of the relative import-
ance of then road, and of the mails over it
The subject is one of difficulty; but it has been
suggested thatin lieu of the classification by which
compensation is now fixed, icference should be
had to the actual cost of transportation as the
basis for fixing the compensation to be paid; and
1 am disposed to think that airangements may
be more satisfactorily made on such a basis then
under the present system.
I am not informed as to the views of those in-
terested in railroads on this point; but I think it
probable that u would be generally acceptable,
and that a compensation to cover the actual cost
of tiansporting the mails would be satisfactory
to that enlightened mteiTst; for the considera-
tions which preclude the Government from de-
riving revenue fiom the mails ought to opiate
even more ditectiy on the railroad interest to pre-
clude it from attempting to burden a machinery
which, in so many ways, creates its business.
All increase and acceleration of mails promotes
the transfer of person and propci ty, for which
these loads were constructed, and of which the
transportation of the mads is but an incident.
FTYANCD OFFICE.
To this office are assigned the issuing of post-
i age stamps and stomped en\ elop( s for the prepay-
. ment of postage and the accounts thereof; the
; preparation of warrants and drafts in payment
l of balances reported by the Auditor to be due 10
mail contractors, and other persons; and thesa-
peiintendcnce of the rendition by postmasters ot
their quarterly ret in us of po<ua<o<s. 11 embrace-',
also, all the operations of the dead letter officr
and the accounts connected theiewith.
The accompanying report (No. 23) of the Au-
ditor of this D.'paitment exhibits with cleanups
and precision the details of financial operation?
dmingthe past fiscal year. From this documei i
the following brief synopsis is denved:
Thee\peiul'tine^ of t'ic Department u  the fecit vear end-
ins; Jutto 3.). JSG2, amounu d to ®li,125.354 13
In which i-^ included the mi in oiV.!5J.T58 2t
paid lor mail uan«-poitauou oi pu-vious
j cai-i.
Tlic gio'5 revenue f<>r. IPG J, including re-
ceipt* fiom lettei eamei> and mieijjn
po-iai:es, amounted to U0
To winch should he added the
earnings ot tin-, Dep.utment
ituaiJ)iii^AcL'n)uliua!ici... 700,000 00
And the amount nppiopuated
lor the u-liei ot maividuutri... 10,*0^ GG
 O.OlO/.-tO A.
Deficiency
For oefaiis of the revenue and expenditures.,
und' r t'ie15 several heads, lefen nee is mode to th*s
Auditoi'h t ibles annexed, (Nos. 15, 16.)
The '•-tun uf'd deficiency of mean-- for 1£02. as pie«en?cd In
In1 normal i'-pott lio.u tina Department, December i.
r i'"G0, v> ,1 -  ST).:} I0.2:t" GU
1 Deductactu.il deticicncj      2,1 j*2.814 5?
Excels of^timated overactnal deficiency.01/7.411 0G
This discrepancy between the actual deficiency
and the estimate thereof, submitted in 1860, is ow-
mc to the great reduction of exptuu itures caused
