THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
. government were sufficiently matured by the wise
v and good of the earth to make America the ap-
pointed place for their development and happy
trial. The circumstances of our settlement, the
various types of the early emigrants,the difference
of religion, of habits, mannets, customs, and in-
stitutions, all these conspired to help the hopeful
problem. And when the purifying fires of our
glorious Revolution lit up the high motives and
exalted the natures that ma.de the patriot and the
hero of 1789, then all that Heaven could do, and
more than it had ever before vouchsafed to man,
was done, to erect the noblest structure of a free
government that had blessed the earth. Those
patriot heroes did the rest. Consummate wisdom
and a noble disinterestedness of purpose, guided
b.y moderation, conciliation, and a spirit of com-
promise, enabled these great men to finish the
grand work of our majestic Constitution. Tho.se
who came next after them imitated their virtues
and followed their example. The Government
of the United States flourished, expanded, and
became at length the admitted equal of the great-
est of earthly Powers, the mostadmired of nations,
"The land of the free awl the home of the brave."
Unexampled prosperity ami power had been
gained. The oppressed of the world hailed our
asylum of liberty, and the divine right of mon-
arch# began u to pale its ineffectual fires" before
the radiant splendor of our new Republic. The
present and tnc future, the citizen and the sojourn-
er, the emigrant, the sighing children of liberty
everywhere hailed our United States as the per-
fection of human government.
But, sir, the necessities of labor and the cupidity
of commerce sowed the fatal seeds of our discord.
Tiie ill-fated chiidien of Africa, though led out
from the captivity of barbarism, darkened as by
a shadow the bright focus of our cultivation find
finally have eclipsed it, and strangely and mysteri-
ously the barbarism of A frica seems about to sub-
due the civilization of America.
African slavery was established in all the colo-
nies,nnd those who ate now engaged in destroying
it have inherited and enjoyed the wealth it helped
to create. Climate and soil unsuiied to (be nrgio
slave banished him fumi New England and "the
North to the warmer regions of tHo South, and
"a compensated emancipation" from a fruitless
dominion fully satisfied all the demands of eon-
science or humanity. Then* was then no sin in
bringing these human chattels from their naiive
shores—in originating their sad enslavement, or
in parting from it for money. "The precious price
told down " then purged the moral sight, and sla-
very stood only revealed in hideous wickedness
when interest stepped aside and was i cleaned . -Sir,
foreseeing tlu.s result and feann^ if, fhe founders
of our system provided every secui ity against it.
Before the Union con id be established, the s! roni;-
estand most binding covenants that man enn make
in forms of government were provided, and f.nth,
which represent the ju-t pude and dijjmty of equal-, oi
trained fieoinen,«)t Anwiieun citizens and al«o hiMn'Vins:,
an Ihey do to n m.ui, that fU.ite, homo, wife, eiuhhen, (nop
erty, all and ev>r\ seeuu's and benefit of Govei nnvnt i> at
stake, and that the tn<>M eiueJ and an ieilos«; means ihieed
by tile necessities of an exluu->un<; and de.-oLiuus wai, are
to be employed agiimst tlii'jn
u That in view of all these public calamities, and to
avoid them, recognizing the iveesMue-; whieh eontiol
human .uTur^, as otu ('u.irr- of the Revolution did, it be-
comes the duty of Concnes*. be Tore H eline-; iH ptv-ent .ses-
sion, to provide for the appointment of commissioners to
procure an atmMice between the contendum annie>\ and
icstoie peace at all events; and wiio t-li:i!l bo et.ipon >i i>d
toariun^'acompiomHe to pie-*erve the Ibnon, ifpo—;
but if not. then a peaceful reparation of the ie-pective
States ot ihe Union, a* well M\eh ,• , ncv < i.uni to ha\ e «e-
ceded, as others winch may h\ the •overei^'ti will ol then
citizens aho hereafter oidani to . eeede ; and that 1h<- <a«d
commissioners b" solemnly enjoined so to conduct their
negotiations as to obtain, if powhle, m the future, a h;:pnv,
haimonioiis, and perpetual reconduction of our Union of
States.
"3Ii. vm. I piopo^c to debate that resolution.
"The Si'n.Uxint Th^n it miM ijo over.
"Mr. M\y. i move to --u-pend the rule?, for the pur-
pose of allowing the resolution to be coiisuiercd at this
time.
u Mr. f.ovpjoY. I raise a question upon the reception of
the resolution, that it is not\vitlnn the order adopted by
the House at the commencement of the session.
'•The ^i e\ki:h. Tijeqcntieman from Maryland moves
to suspend the rules, winch is in older, it being wnhiu the
last ten days of the >es^ion.
Mi. M ky demanded the yeas and naya upon his motion
to suspend tiie rule*.
" The veas and nays were not ordered; only seven mem-
bers having voted therefor."
sacred faith in these guards of slavery were mu-
tually given and accepted. No stronger obligation
can man give to man than our Constitution pro-
vides for this. It is in vain, sir, to consider any
otheror further guarantees. If these be not strong
enough, if faith such as this is to be broken, then
there is nothing of human institution that can en-
dure, and we find the inevitable end of free con-
sented Government.
The sin of slavery, if it be such, may be car-
ried by a "higher law" to heaven; but here upon
this earth of ours, faith, the bond, the law, the
Constitution—these are its justifications. Sir, our
present national afflictions are the direct lesults of
an intermeddling spiiit at the Noith. Over and
over again have the slaveholding States argued,
remonstrated, appealed in every way, by every
( ffort, to restrain the aggressive spirit of the North
from these invasions on its rights of domestic sla-
very; and though often pass-ion has defied and de-
nounced its progress, reason has not failed to use
its persuasive power. Compromise after compro-
mise has been made, in the hope of averting or
postponing the evil day of apprehended separa-
tion. Sir, theconvulsions of these attempts were
the disregarded warnings of our piesent calamity.
For years, for many years, have patient, thought-
ful statesmen and patriots from North and South,
in most impressive lessons, warned our country-
men, and predicted our present situation as the
inevitable result of these aggressions. But, alas,
in vani. Instigated by the earnestness and suc-
cess of a small but mischievous party of fanatics,
the lust of political power at the North at length
seized upon the subject of slavery, and employed
its humanitarian aspects for the mere sake of
office or the rewards of party success, icgardless
of all the most sacied obligations of Government.
Thus establishing a general and defiant spirit of
lawlessness that, habitually aggressing upon the
plainest rights of equality, left no hope of future
peace and security to the South. And while sla-
very was to be abolished at all events, yet no one
among its wisest enemies at the North was able to
discover a practicable plan for the futuie disposal
of the emancipated slave; nor, sir, to this hour
has any such plan been provided. And while the
non-sia\ehohii[ig States are equally responsible
for the existence ofslavery among us,and are con-
fessedly unable to relieve its evils—if such there
are—and the slaveholding States are equally pow-
erless to remove them, we yet find that such plans
of alleviation and ultimate relief as the policy of
their laws or schemes of colonization have at-
tempted have been thwarted by the mischievous
designs of the people of the North. The more im-
proved and cultivated black man being refused a
residence among them by the policy of the laws
j of some of the fiee States, resulting from the evils
i attending such residence, yet nevei thelcss these
j disuitere.sud citizens of such States would inflict
: the greater evils of a permanent abodtt of the half-
; civiiiz< d negro among the people of the South.
, Delivering themselves by a gradual process from
| the evils attending the abolition of slavery, they
; propose, suddenly and without preparation, to set
j free the slaves of the South, and bring inevitable
; ruin upon the interests dependent upon their la-
i bor. Nay, more than this, would instigate the
forceful brutal passions.of the slave, on pnnci-
! pies *£ of self-defense," as the piochunatiun in-
| sidiously presents it, to take the torch, orpoison.
j or the knife against sleeping wife and 'children.
| Mr. Speaker, it was the settled conviction in
j the minds of the people of the South that such
; were the plans of the people of the Nottii, and
{ that the Federal power was to be the instrument
; of such savage aggressions, that caused the se-
; cession of their States. They felt, and all who
! understand the subject know how just and natural
; was the feeling, that such a state of constant and
! iiieieasing apprehension had rendered the influ-
ence ol the General Government insupportable,
riioy felt that not only Government, but even life
itself was not worth having upon the terms of
such habitual strife, anxiety, and alarm. The
Government of the United States had failed, or
was^ about to tail, in those great objects of " es-
tablishing justice/' " insuring domestic tranquil-
lity, " and l* promoting the general welfare," and
which concerned so vitally their rights and hap-
piness; and they resolved to separate from a Gov-
ernment they could no longer either trust or en-
dure. Sir, they did complain of the injustice that
sectional interests of manufactures or of commerce
had inflicted; but the influence of this complaint,
while it added to theprevmhng discontent by as-
cribing a selfish and domtneoiing spirit to the
North, offensive to ideas of equality, and raising
up views ofincompatibleand conflicting interests,
yet these causes alone could never have separated
our Union.
If the existence of these destructive influences
has been heretofore denied, is there not now too
much reason to feel convinced that, however con-
cealed, they have existed? Do not the feelings
and motives that are signified in these measures
jj now presented, and in the kindred transactions
[j of Congress and the Executive, give every true
ji lover of republican government the right to say
jj that what wasa rebellion against law now stands
;i justified before God and the nations of the earth
j! as a revolution against the most direful oppYes-
I) sions that have ever threatened mankind? Hap-
h p11y, however, sir, those whom the calamities of
war have most afflicted are to be spared the ten i-
ble vengeance now denounced against them, and
the menaces of t he proclamation and of these meas-
ures are turned into an invincible sword of de-
fense. But loyal Maryland. Kentucky, Missou-
ri,and Delaware, these so proclaimed and praised
for their devotion, are to be the victims; faithful
and defenseless, the sword of the presidential
wrath pierces theirvitals through the sides of the
bleeding Constitution which they have so faith-
fully supported.
I repeat, it was the settled conviction of the
southern slaveholding States that an "mepres-
sible conflict" did actually exist between them
and the people and States of the North, and which
was promoted by the latter that "all must be free
or all slave;" " that a house divided against
itself cannot stand." Sir.it was the conviction
forced upon the people of the South that these
emphatic enunciations of opinion were but the
slogans of an inevitable oppression that was fast
approaching, was then in effect inaugurated with
authority and power, which could not be averted,
and would, unless at once resisted, attack and
destroy their sacred rights of personal liberty, of
peisonal secuiity, and pnvate property, the fun-
damental lights of man, and for which if lie will
not give battle he deserves to lose.
They believed that the North was abolitionized,
and had consequently abjured the obligations of
any covenant with slavery, however solemnly
made. This it was that made them renounce
their allegiance and withdraw from the Union.
Before the Supreme Judge of the world they
opened their hearts and resolved to offer up to Him
the lesponsibilities of their cause upon the field
of battle. Sir, have not enough bleeding souls
testified to the se convictions in heaven already ?
Hav we not, their countiymen, their fellow-*
i, men, received enough assurance of their sincerity*
'| their devotion, their power? Must this desola-
:: ting war yet go on ?
This solemn and momentous inquiry now tor-
tures the thoughts and anxieties of the just and
ij the good. I am persuaded that the voice of all
i' civilized and disinterested men is now on the side
j of peace—peace on any terms consistent with our
j; liberties and honor.
;• Letmc,sii, biiefly explore, with hopeful view,
'j this pleasing inquiry—
; " The cause of truth and human weal,
' O (2o<i above,
J; Transfer it 1'ioin the ^word's appeal
i; To peace and love."
! Before 1 venture upon this, I wish to declare in
, all candor, as I ought to do, my settled convic-
h tion that the people of the confederated States will
:! never again consent to restore our political Union,
ji I believe that their universal determination upon
;! this point is final. They will not again put their
; uust in the guaiantees of a written Constitution
j with the people of the North. They have tried
j it fairly, and it has failed. Sir, they believe, and
I 1 believe, that there is established a fixed and un-
i alterable antagonism between the sections where
j slavery is and is not allowed, and that no future
political Union, as. long as slavery exists, can
ever be maintained between them upon any basis
whatever.
It is folly now to expect it. The part of wk
dom and of duty icquitvs us to accept this irre-
versible conclusion; and however it may disap-
point our hopes or interests* or mortify our pride,
