1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mz
we ought at once, in the precept of our own great
Declaration of Independence," to acquiesce in the
necessity that denounces our separation;" to cast
the plans of our future by ihe ilit it yet affords,
or midnight darkness and utter rum may ere long
claim our republican destinies.
Mr. Speaker, that eminent and far-seeing states-
man, the late Judge Douglas, avowed to me in
April preceding his death, his solemn conviction
that our political Union was at an end. I violate
no confidence in repeating his opinions, since he as-
sured me it was his purpose to publish his views
at an early day; and if the sequel of his life may
seem in conflict with these views there are those
among his personal friends here on this floor, who
can reconcile his conduct, and show the conform-
ity of his plans with a peaceful though it might
be a revolutionary solution of our national troubles.
Judge Douglas, on that occasion, read to me an
elaborate essay that he told me had cost him more
thought and labor than any work of his life; that
he feared it was too long, and he wished both to
abridge and simplify it, so that it might be read
and understood by all; that he would revise it at
Chicago and then give it to his countrymen. Death,
alas! denied this most patriotic design. That es-
say ascribed our present situation to the aggres-
sive spirit of northern abolitionism. It declared
his conviction that the union of our States as oi1-
ginally formed and maintained was finally de-
stroyed, and no political union could exi-.t again
between the fieeand thefdaveholding States; that
such an idea must be abandoned, and a commer-
cial unirrn, founded upon the plan general!y of the
zollverein of the States ofGeimauv, be accepted
as the only practicableari amrem"!)? to secure peace
now and hereafter. That masterly paper, every
woid of which I heard read bv himself, and whteh
since his death I have endeavoied m vain to pro-
cure for the benefit of its wise counsels to our
countrymen, fully explained the plan, op'-i.ttion,
and results of the zollveiein, and showed how,
with certain modifications, it could be adapted to
sustain all those piineipnl causes and influences
which have huheito made the United States the
happiest and most prosperous of liaisons.
And now, sir, let me inquire what has hem
gained by the prosecution of the war ? With an
enormous dispauty of forces and resources in fa-
vor ot the Inderal'Government, are we near *r the
end of the conflict than when we begun ? Dm s
the picseut piospeet of military affans gm- en-
couragement of a spredy 01 even successful term-
ination of the strife ? It must be confessed by all
candid minds that these incjuiues cannot be an-
swered in a way favoiable to the cause of the
Union. Besides the results of a few nieifc'tual
victories, the invasion of the enemy's country,
and the capture of New Orleans or less impoitant
towns, what has been donebut to de^.roy or maun
thousands of lives, and waste and consume mil-
lions of property, and entail upon ourselves and
postenty the bmdens of an msupptn table taxa-
tion? The present generation r.f young, £all\nt,
and hopeful men, with all their divine light to a
long and happy life, cut down like gmss In-fore
the scythe, and scattered in unknou n ciaves, and
the next generation, alt eady bowed with affliction,
and struggling from the loss of those whose pro-
tecting hands this desolating war has folded be-
neath'the sod, they, too, must add to then- griefs
the toilsome burdens of a life-long taxation, and
dying transmit jr to their chikhen's children.
I have said, sir, that the judgment uf the im-
partial nations ufEuropo hasalieady pumouneed
this war a failure. Are we too vam 01 too proud to
be instructed by these testimonies belme our eyes'
Must multiplying visions of the dead, the dynur,
the maimed, or wounded, or sick yet pass in end-
less procession befoie our sorrowing eyes? Ate
our ears vet longer to be filled with the agonies of
the poor chilled fireside and home? Are our tears
still to flow for these broken hearts, these bereaved
women and little chddieu: And, sir, are wu heie
again to measure the toils and miseries of bowed
down labor m renewing exhausting tax bills or
repeating schemes of levenue? I trust not; buf
hope, by the favor of Heaven, we may at once be
spared these horrors, and rejoice to seeonce moie
the halcyon gleams of pence.
Mr. Speaker, if this war is to go on it can only
end on the one hand in the subjugation of the
South, followed by peipetual strife, and the ex-
termination of the whits or black race, the evils
of an immense standing army, and the utter ex-
tinction of civil liberty there if not here; or on the
other, in recognition of the confederate States
as a nation, followed, if we are wise, by reestab-
lished intercourse and commercial relations, rec-
onciling conflicting interests, which, while pre-
serving peace at home, will at the same time
secuie a union against foreign aggression, and
be the only means, by the softening influences it
presents, of restoring any political relations in
the future. Sir, a commercial union is all that is
left for us to consider; a political union is utterly
impossible. The sovereignty of the States, their
constitutions and laws, the complete systems of
government ordained and maintained by them will
secure every political right, or if not, the delegated
powers of the Federal or confederate systems may
accomplish this. The material interests, the ben-
efits of comnieice, will be developed and seemed
by an American zollvcrein, while the moral or
social antagonisms which have produced the war,
or are produced by it, will find their oidy protec-
tion in the authorities of international law; and
all the sin of slavery, all accountability for it here
and hereafter, will be forever washed away from
the shiinkmgand sensitive souls of the Noith.
Supination, FiECogvitiox, dissolving finally all
political and moral lelations with the non-slave-
iioldmg States, now oilers the healing balm to the
wounded l)i east of the poht'u al abolitionist. The
eat nest struggles his devotion has made attest its
intensity m the council and the field, and the God
of battles vv ho hath \\ atched his glowing zeal will
vindicate the heroism of his efforts. Let his con-
science then ho calmed.
Sir, the domestic law—the Constitution and its
paper sanctions—has proved too weak for human
passion—oi' conseiem e, if you please—and the law
of nations and its dread as biter, the swoid, must
hereafter keep the peace of our North American
continent.
Mr. Speaker, what can this civil war accom-
plish? I f the expei ionce of the past may answer,
it wdl exclaim, mm, nothing but ruin, fighting,
bloodshed, lamentation, desolation, anarchy, des-
po'ism. Must it still  o on—
" Ni'vei ending. still bernnnher,
Fighting nuII, and '•till d-Mtoving ;
If tlie wo: M !>'* u oith ihy winning,
TinnU, oh think it woitli enjoying.''
If, sir, the sword is yet to continue the dread
ai biter between us, while \ do not undervalue the
courage elf the J-Vdeial troops, I must yet ask you
to consider the motives, the strength, and resources
of the confederates.
The fatal poliey that a blind fanaticism has di-
rected here mid from the White House, has sup-
plied al! that was wanting at the South. 1 do
know when I say that the despondency which
denounced the ad vent of the Mayflower, and char-
acteuzcd it as next to the fall of Adam the greatest
evil that had ufll'dcd man, was uheved when the
proclamation of rum was made against cvei y right
of piopei'fy, of liberty, of secunty at the South.
I do know that when conscription ads woe ar-
raying the opposition, not only of the people, hut
of States, and bim£in  despair to the hopes of the
South, that these proclamations raised up armed
men as volunteers from every spot ofground,and
added ten to defend the fireside where consci iption
demanded live for the confederation. Have you
consideied, sir, the motives that an- now engaged
at the South in suppoi ting this fearful contest, or
the influence they must natuially exert over the
minds of the Fedeial troops? Dees the execu-
tioner avert his lace when the ax falls upon the
sincere and conscientious, though it may be erring
hte of a countryman r S;r, the judge, the Piesi-
dent, the Cabinet, the Congress who pronounce
the doom may sit cold and impassive, removed
from the scene; but neither the soldier of the cross
or of republican liberty, of Christianity or civil-
ization, will aid to strike; down home and wife and
children. Not an American soldier, not one man,
with a soul fit fur the destinies of heaven, will
execute the horrors denmndt d by these procla-
mations. Manhood recoiling from such infernal
service, the soldiei s the nisei ves will stop this war
before raising their hands to help the merciless
and inevitable late denounced against bleeping
women and helpless children.
Is there a heart of man South, ay, sir, orNoith,
that will not pour out its last drop in such a cause ?
In that memorable speech on conciliation with
America, delivered in the British Parliament by
the great Bui lee, he discovercd'some views of-ogr
nature that may now prove instructive. Speaking
for peace then, as I do now, and enumerating 4he
influences that distinguished the people of otir
northern and southern colonies, he said;
u Sir, I can perceive by their manner that some gentle-
men object to the latitude of this de«-eiiptioiu because in
the Muuhem colonics the Chmch of England forms a large
body, and has a regular establishment- It is certainly true.
There is, however, a circumstance attending; the^c colonies!
which, hi my opinion, fully counterbalances this difleieiice,
and makes tin* spirit of liberty <-till moie high and haughty
than in those to the northward. It is that in Virginia and
the Catolmns they have a vast multitude of slaves. Where
this is the case in any part of the world, tho->e who arc fiee
are by far the most proud and jealous of their freedom.
Freedom I* to them not only an enjoyment, but a kind of
i.uik ami privilege. Not seeing there that freedom as in
countues where it is a common blessing,and as Inoad arid
geneial a*- the air. may he muted with much abject toil,
\v ith great misery, with all the exterior of servitude, liberty
looks, among them, like f-omething that i& more noble and
hbeial. 1 do not mean, sir, to commend the superior mo-
rula) of tins sentiment, which has at iciwt as much pride
as virtue in it; bm I cannot alter the nanne of man. The
fact i.- <o; and these poop]** of the southern colonies are
much more ftiongly, and with a higher and more stubborn
vpuit, attached to libei tv than those to the noithvvaid. Such
weie all the aueicnt common wealths; such were our Gothic
ancMois: such in our days were the I'oies ; and «ueh will
be al! masters of slaves who aie not staves themselves. In
Mich a people the haughtiness of domination combines with
the t-puit oi freedom j tortifies it, and lemieis it invincible."
Sir, the people of the North are profoundly ig-
norant equally of the nature and charade) isiics of
the white citizen of the South as they are of the
natme and characteristics of the negro.
Why, sir, if it be ascertained that we can no
longer be united in harmony, in peace, bringing
piospcrity ant! happiness in their train, why
.should a union be enforced?
If the consent of the governed, the consent of
so considerable a portion of those vv ho have now
dissolved their political relations, be refused, why
compel at such fearful cost a union with burning
hate, levcnge, and eternal discoid? There is no
free republican Union, no real union of our Amer-
ican States or people but such as free consent
gives, biinging a willing obedience, loyalty, and
the principles of public yfrtue to support it. No
other is either worth creating or worth preserv-
ing. These, sir, were the sentiments of our fore-
fathers, and will be of our posterity. If they are
not ours, it is because we are blinded by passion.
Mr. Speaker, we are told that the Almighty
fixes the boundaries of nations; that the nnk-
libbed mountains and the flowing rivers are the
eternal ligaments that, binding men together in
one union, mark the limits of political States, and
which, being the work of his hands, we must not
piesumptuously venture to distinb; thatgeo^ia-
phy and the physical things of the earth, and not
its peoples, are the subjects of government.
This, sir, is a beautiful theory, and admirable
for its moral design; but, sir, the history of man
and his governments fiom the beginning of the
woild refutes it.
" What constitutes a State ?
Not high uii-s'd b utleuients, oi labor'd mound,
Thick wall, or moated gnie;
Notciiie^ pioud, vviili -"pues nnd uuret^ crownM;
Not ba\s ami broad aim'd poits,
Where, laughing nt the Morm, tieh navies ride;
Nor Marr'd and spangled couris,
Where low hiowM ba-eno-ss wafts peifumes to pride—
No! men, b'gh-muided men,
*
Men who their duties know,
But Know tlnm tight-; and knowing, dare maintain,
pK'vent the long-amn d blow.
And enit-h the tyiant, while they mul the chain—
Tiicbe constitute a htate.
Sir, I do not propose to enter further into this
inquiry than to point to the records geography
her&elt unfolds, ali lound the woild, to overthrow
this asserted power. 1 do not venture to deny the
influence that the laws of nature exert in fixing
the boundaries of nations; but,sir,] disputetheir
presiding power. The limits that separated our
colonies, the pride and dominion of State power,
and even the now warring spirit of secession, are
but so many proofs that the reformed institutions
we have attempted to establish in this New World
of ours can find no preserving aid m the physical
plans of our Creator.
However pleasing to our hopes, or soothing:
to our anxieties, we must dismiss these delusive
ideas. Our honorable love of empire, or of union,
must yield to the nature of man, and, until we can
alter it, be contented to find the jurisdictions, at
