688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
least of free government, in those boundaries his
consent or lus passions have fixed.
Can all the rain that foils upon the Alleghany's
skies, can the swift torrents, or the tides that
swell the banks of the Potomac, or Rappahan-
nock, or Cumberland,or Mississippi, wash away
from kindred hearts the memories of the precious
blood this cruel war has shed? Can mountains
hide from sorrowing eyes those graveyard high-
ways that stretch across the land—
<{ Wherr every turf beneath the foot
IJaih been a soldier's sepulclne V
Or rivers sink beneath their beds the whitened
bones that choke their channels up? Can home,
and all us fond endearments, smouldering in aslu's,
be foigotten? Can the agony of the broken heart
be cured ? Can flaming anger, hate, revenge, be
soothed; or pride, ambition, glory, all subdued'
No, Mr. Speaker; you may subjugate, exterm-
inate the southern people, but until you can tear
out each living heart and throw it to the dogs of
war, you can never reunite them with you in a
political union.
I shall not stoop to consider in a comparison
With the profound motives 1 have here presented
the questions of material interest that may be in-
volved, or count in mercenary measures the pre-
cious lives of my countrymen.
Sir, the vital principle of our Union is consent
and not force; and when I hear the advocates of
the latter appealing to " the nation" and " its uni-
ty," I recognize at once the insidious arguments
for a centializrd power to be erected upon the
rums of the Republic. And, sir, the ucwh that
find inevitable foice in the turangements of out-
physical geography, have, I fear, the same un-
happy tendency.
Until my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr.
Vallakdigh \m] — whose powerful arguments for
peace I so much admue^uul whose sincere de-
votion to hts country \ have so much reason to
know—can "alter the natuie of man," he will
pardon nie for rejecting, as i do, the bright hopes
lie pi taenia.
It is the part of wisdom and of duty to recog-
nize the necessities that con uoi all human affairs.
If we cannot icsture all that us lost, lot us at least
preserve what is left. If we cannot reestablish a
political union, let us, while saving our constitu-
tional liberties, retrieve a union for peace and for
commerce.
Mr. vSpeakcr, the question now before us is be-
tween separation and subjugation. Let us not de-
ceive ouioelves. We must choose between these
fearful alternatives, and take the olive branch, or
closer clutch the sword, i have made, sir, my
choice, and intend to abide its issue. As 1 lu*ve
fiom the jiiNt, so I will to the h>Ht, stand by the side
of peace and constitutional liberty. Rather than
the havoc of th is desolating war with us appalling
effects shall be longer conmuwd 1 would prefei to
see the Union, the States, counties, eiu s, and
towns with th-'ir governments ail separated and
dissolved, if peace fully, into the elements of society
or of nature; and tiu.-a to find in the wants of my
feilow-men, undebauched by the lawlessness of
war, yet purified by the adversity of their failure,
the principles and motives of a more hai mouious
reconstruction of Government. Rather than meet
the anarehy or despotism, or both, that an; now
e?o smely approaching us m the background of
this fiaternai stufe to destroy the few remaining
sanctions of our Constitution, and sink every hope
of any union and all fi«'e go\mime t, I for one
would at once stop this wh r, a yd, recognizing the
GOVERNMENT Or Tilt, CUMLDLR vTE St\tKS, re-
store peace, prosperity, ami happiness, and thin
try, in an earnest spirn. of conciliation and honor-
able compromise, to legaiu ail that may be prac-
ticable. The paU iotism ond valor of our country-
men has been v indicated; and where dutv iias be-'O
honorably dischaiged, no censm>fican justly rest
upon either errors or rmsfoitune.
To conclude, sir, let me repeat that if I am to
be forced to lose either, 1 prefer to save the Con-
stitution of my country at the expense of parting
from th« seceded States.
41 Patiia caia, canot Liberias."
I wish, Mr. Speaker, to give notice of and to
present the following resolutions which embody
ihe plan of adjustment I intend to propose, and
which are substantially the same that I presented
*t the first called session of this Congress:
WIimm"! the deplorable Hvll war  nw r\i-tlng between
the States heretofore composing oui Union has failed to
restore It, ami if continued longer will destroy all hope of
it* resummon in the future, as originally formed and main-
tained bv our Fedeial Constitution, and no oiliei political
union is either desirable 01 piacticable ; and wherea<, the
mteie-ts of humanity, of civilization, and the future of
free < oust national government, ail concur in tujun mutual
this dieadlui eoriicst of arms, should be terminated: There-
fore.
Be it resolved, 1. That it is the dutv of Consols at once
to appoint cosumibM-oncis to t fleet an aimimce be
ivcen the contending armies, and to seeure peace at all
event-.. 2. That stud commi-suMics he empoweted. by
compromise, to ie.-toie the Union if pos-Mblc; but it not,
then to airanpe the teim*- of a peacetui separation from the
Union, a- well of those States which now claim to have
?ee< ded, as of <-uch others as, hv the will of their people
in M)vei'*i<Tn comenlion^ assembled, may hereafter ordain
to MM-rde; ami that -3iu comim^-ioneis be solemnly en-
joined m> to conduct their negotiation^ as to bcpmc, bv
every proper ami honorable means, if piacticable, a mote
harmonious and pennanent leunion of all the State's jo a
eommeieial tf not a political system. 15. That said com
missioncrs make a report ot their nan-actions to Con^re-s
a> soon a^ possible, in order that such legt-'atioti may be
piovuled a' may bo necessary to assemble the people of the
several States In convention to deteinnne then action in
the prt  n-e.*. 4. Tlint in the event of a retu-al by Hie Gov-
ernment of the United States to scent e peace, and the only
hop"s of a reunion upon the terms ;n;d by the ni'-ans herein
ptovidwl. or lij some othei practicable plan, it h iK'rebv
recommended to i he governments ot the sevet al Stale- now
composing the Union at oncc to take measures to efl *et
these tdije.'fs.
Mr. STEVENS then addressed the House for
an hour, and closed by moving the pievious ques-
tion. [His speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix ]
Mr. YVICKLIFFE. I hnvegotan answerpre-
pnred to the speech of the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania. I should like the privilege of having
i( pi toted.
Mr STEVENS. Oh, yes; let, the gentleman
print it.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Very well. That is all
I ask.
[M r. Wicki.ihte's speech will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. MAYiNARD. If the previous question he
seconded, and the main q-u stion ordered, how far
dries P apply '•
The SPEA'vFR pro tempore, (Mr. Campbell
in the chair ) It applies to the motion to refer and
amendments, and until the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFFi. Allow me to make an in-
quiry of the geinlemtn on the other side.
The SPEAKKR pro tempore. It can be done
by unanimous eonu*mt. ♦
There was no objection.
Mr. W10KL1FFE. I wish to know whether,
if the call for the previous question he sustained,
wliethei it is intended thereby to prevent a vote on
the nmendmentsthe: have been submitted but were
not tn order: My undeistandmg w.ns that we
wr-* to iiku- votes ot, there amendments without
the operation of the previous question. I have no
objection to the debate being closed, but 1 desire
to have ail the amendments voted on. J have pre-
pated an amendment which many of the gentle-
nnm in favor <>f this bill have a^suied mo tin y are
willing to vote foi. 1 d'-sne n^t to have it s?hut
out fiom t he possibility of being voted on. I deem
the opposite course as contrai y to the capitulation
made the other uio;ht by my antagonist over the
way, who saui we should have an onportunity to
of,r amendments. We do not want, to discuss
tiie subject any further. L( t us vote for the
amendments ::i the order in which they were pre-
sented.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 most say that when we
mode tin- auangement on Fiid.iy night, [ never
understood an\ihio« more bv it than that votes
should be token on the amendments regularly
pending There was no understanding on this
side beyond that.
All. MAVNARD. 1 wish to make n single
statement I have bren requested by gentlemen on
both sides of the House to propose an amendment
which embodies the amendment of the gentleman
fi oni Kentucky, and aiso, pei haps, one of those of
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Portli?.] I
supposed, and we all supposed, the amendment
was m order. I ftmlj however, ihat owing to the
pecubar form in \vhich the pending amendments
are presented: one aa a substitute for the bill and
the other as a substitute for the amendment, no
further amendment ts in order. I wish very much
that my amendment might be read,ar,d then a vote
taken upon it.
Mr. CASEY. 1 have an amendment that I de-
sire also to have read.
Mr. PIKE. I would suggest that all the amend-
ments that have been proposed but which are not
pending may be read, and then we will know how
to act.
There being no objection, the several amend-
ments heretofore proposed to be offered when the
proper opportunity should arrive, were read.
Amendment of Mr. Divex:
Sttike out all after the enocuhg elausc of the bill, and
inseit as tollow.s-
That the President be authorized, by proclamation or
otherwise, to invite the emollment of negioe- from tho
fc*tdti> of Virginia* Nouh Carolina, South C'aiohna, Geor-
gia. Florida. Alabama. Mississippi, Louisiana. Texa?, and
Arkansas, and to enroll the  au>e m the &eiviee of the
United fiatcs. to he enipUned ;i> teanis-ter^, nui^e?, wait-
er-, or otherwise as non-eonibatams, or to be mustered into
companies, re«jiments, or other divisions, ;i-j to the 1'iesl
dent may H't'in pioper. to be officered with oflicers of the
rt*cu!ai Auu\,and -ubjecied to the discipline, mies, and
regulations of the Anny ot the United States, to be. employed
in trenciies, cairison, and other duty, in «neli localities as
aie deemed most unhealthy to unaccliiuntcd white men.
Sr('. .'2nd be it fuitkcr enacted, That '' e enlKUnent
ot such ncgioes ni.iy bo for tluee >ear<, "unless the war
shall sooner terminate, in winch case it shall be duong tho
war.
Se< . 2. Jlnd he it farther enacted. That in ease nnv negro
emolhni* lumseii shall ha\e a wife or eluhiien, and shall
bung with bun to the camps such wife and ehihhen, the
commanding oftu*ei may ciiipk v sneh wile or ebiuhen of
siutfildc age. t'oi cooks- nui-c.-, seivant^, or otherwise, as
to such eoninuuidiii" officer ina\ seem piopoi, and pi ovule
such <iuariers, rations, and cloihinfj, ( ul<''r in oi out ot tho
camp, lor such women and children a> may -een>. u ht and
propi-i to such comniatidni" otlicet ; hut -uch w omen and
chiidien '•liah at all tnne^ be saiftject to llie iu!e- and iemu-
lations oi tli<5 Ai my, and to the ordeis of the officer in com-
mand
Sfc. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That the pay of every
ne<rro-o eiuolled shall he the monthly pay ot a piivate m
the ngular Auny ot the United Suite-, but an amount not
exceed injr on< half of such \vaire& may be applied to the sup-
port ot i iuUhei) of such entoiled negio, when, in the opinion
ot the offieur in eeinni.ind. the «erviee^ of the wife oi ehil-
dienef -iH'h ne^ro do not amount to enough lor then nece.s-
saty suppoit.
Stc o. Jiiul be Ufurther enacted. That at the expiration
of the term of set vice of any such neirro, i>r upon lus being
honorably Ui-charged, the Govt rnmeut shall, in lieu ot all
othei hoiintj, pav the c.\pen-e ot the emigration f)t ^uch
ne«to, and Ins \\ tit and ch'idien, tf anv\. to Havti, Li!)eria,
or siu h Government or colony as -uch nefjio may elect to
emigiate to, and shall piovide in such Govet ntnent or colony
a home lor Mich negi <} with siv months'" suppoit km linu-
sell and lantilj.
Pic.fi. dud be it further enacted. That if the slaves of
any per-on or person- who haw been and continued loyal
to the Government ot the Tinted States -hall be employed
and emigrated by the opeiatem nt thK act, such loval citi-
zen oi citizens shall be entitled to pi-t and UMsonable com-
pcns'Uiou for ins elatm to the set vice in labor of such slave.
Amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont:
Add at the end of the lull, a- to'fow- :
Piot ulcd, That nothing hen in contained, oi in the lules
and article-, ot wat. -hall be -o eon-ti n<'d as to autliorize
oi permit anj otheer ot Afnean de-cent to be appointed to
rank, oi to i xercise miiunrj oi naval authoiiiy «>- er white
orticei.-. solder-, or men m the nuiitaiy or naval «eiviee of
the United State- ; nor shall any sweater pay than ten dol-
lats per month and lation- be allowed oi paid to privates
or lain tier- ot \ 11 n an de-cent \\ ln< h im or maj be in the
military oi nav.il -eiviee of ihe United States.
First amendment of Mr. Porter:
Add to th< bill, a- follows :
Hut no per-on ot Atncan descent -liall be admitted as n
piivate oi otheei of any iccn'iu-nt in \\ lucfi wltiU' men are
in the iank- ; nor shall un> person ot Aiuean descent, in
an\ ea-c, be placed m conuuand ot wlnte soidien*.
Second umondment of i\lr. Porter:
Add a- tolhtws •
Not shaii pei-( n- of Afnean descent owing «ervice or
labor to lojul iniiabit.tnts t>l St«it<^ wiiose consumtetl au-
ihoritie-i niaintani tiien allegiance t<> the United States, be
leeiuif'd ot lecetved into the military oi naval seruet}.
Amendment of Mr. Wickliffe:
Insert at the end of t(ip bsfi, a< fobow- *
]'io\ idc'l. That no ice:uiting stations -hall be established
tn the States of Iieiawaie. Maiyland, Wtst Vnguua, Ken
tueky, Tennessee, or M is«oun, noi -hall the slaves re-ident
in tuose States l e enh-ted oi used as volunteers, nor ?hall
said K'«uneuts be employed or stationed m saui .S'utes.
Amendmen' of Mr. Mayvard:
Add a-* follow-'
Pioudcd, Tnat no recruiting station? «iiail bo established
in the Ftatos oi DOawaie. Miu viand, We-t Vugmia, KenA
tnek>, Tennessee, or Mis-ouri, w ttiiout the con-ent of the
Go\eutor and Le tsLuure of the State in which it !•* pro-
po-ed to e-tabli.-h sueii stations; nor shall the, slave  ie-il-
dent in those State? he enlisted or u=ed a- volunteers, nor
shall said reyimenls be empleved or stationed In said States.
N<>r shall per-ons of Afnean d'\-cent, owing service or labor
to loj al inhabitants of States who-e constituted authorities
maintain their ali< ciance to the United States, be recruited
or received into the military or naval senile.
Amendment of Mr. Casey:
Add at tiie end of the bill, a.s follow :
Provided further, That the slaves of loyal citizens In tho
Suites exempt by the President's proelamation of Janomy
