APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
31 tji CO^Q....3D SESS.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Beps.
different from those of ordinary theft. The ag-
gregate amount claimed in the thirty-three, in-
stances, above noted, does not reach twelve hun-
dred dollars; and although many additional cases
will be reported, the total of such claims will be
comparatively small. I beg leave to suggest that
special provision be made by which this class of
cases may be adjusted, subject in all other respects
as to evidence, &c., to the regulations of the De-
partment.
DEAD LETTERS.
The whole number of dead letters received and
examined during the year was 2,282,018, being
267,000 less than k the preceding year.
The number of dead letters containing money
which were registered and sentout during the last
fiscal year was 10,475, and the value of their con-
tents was $46,53S 89.
The number covering deeds, bills of exchange,
drafts, and other valuable papers, was 0,763, and
tho aggregate nominal value of the inclosures was
$2,183.450.
Pull details with respect to these two classes of
letters ore exhibited in tables (Nos. 20, 21) ac-
companying this report.
In addition to lite above, there were sent out
during the year 3,820 valuable letters or packages
of a third class, the contents of which wore 3,515
photographs or daguerreotypes, 157 articles of
jewelry, and 148 miscellaneous articles.
For the purpose of showing the continued in-
crease of dead letters of the latter description, it
may he stated that from the 30th of June to the
1st of November 2,975 have been returned, 1,139
having been received during tho month of Octo-
ber alone. The great majority of these letters con-
tained photographs or daguerreotypes, of which
a large proportion were hom soldiers, or their
correspondents.
In compliance with a request fr«.m the War De-
partment, 3,353 dead letters, containing soldiers*
descriptive li.sts and certificates of discharge, have
been transmitted to the Adjutant (General.
From the above, statement it appears that the
whole number of valuable letteis sent out from
the dead letter office during the past fiscal year
was 25,411, being 4,590 more than during the pro-
\ toiw year.
li should also be stated that beside the valua-
ble dead letirrs above mentioned, 25,828 letters,
in<-]i>sing postage stamps or other articles of less
v.'ihif -than one dollar, have been relumed to the
writers or senders; but when letters of this de-
scription could not be restored, from lack of sig-
nature or other cause, they were destroyed, to-
gether with their foments. A. record of the num-
ber and value of stamps tluia destroyed has been
kept from the 1st of March last, and from that
date to (he |:>;h of November the number theieof
was 21,7 It, and the aggregate value<,050. When,
howi-ve:, letters not admitting of restoration in-
closed jnMfoL;'' stamps to the amount of one dol-
lar or nioiv, they were recorded and filed like
other v.'ilunldo h'tiers.
The causes of the non-delivery of valliable let-
ters, as assigned by postmasters, or which could
otherwise be ascertained, in 21,493 cases, tire
given in table No. 22. Out of this number the non-
delivery ot but 225 (namely, missent letters) can
he directly traced to the negligence or inefficiency
of jmMbiaaterK—a fact which tends to confirm the
opiatca expressed in the last annual report, that
the fuihnv of a letter to reach its destination is to
be nth ibuted, m the vast majority of instances, to
the wntei or to the person addressed.
Thine have .;een received and examined 147,283
le'l'T-s -V'hiYh co.'.d not be forwarded from the post
offices u here ma- ;< or delivered therefrom, be-
eanse of -^paid p ,<age or earners' fees, or h- -
eause hii diieet-Mi w '-perfectly redressed.
Of these, the muabi . i- ' ! for postage "ats 132,-
378, iti'-lmluej: J),3.-5 lei.- ibr-i red "to soUln>rs,
!vhiclMvi !"ii uded him • •«>.) -heir dcwriiKi- ,
Uon, The? :eabf r he'd f -r^Vee ^"art 0,778,
Dearly nil of whieb v . y* • fram .he
offi. f-s of New Yoik, Mo. ton and '
Baltimore; and the •number ?,.«s-• t, d'or imner- '
fectly addressed was 6>32j, <>, \/r:e!{ fcj-j ^-;,rA 1
withoutany addressordirictma v, er. Oft!;e •
class of inters nndcr consideration. 9-#.,60; were '
«ent to the writers ©* *o the 'K'u.i; p a'jd.-fssvv-
2,962 contained articles of value, and are included
in n previous enumeration; 2,932, directed mostly
to foreign countries, and requiring prepayment,
could not be restored to the writers, $md have been
filed. The remainder, being worthless, were de-
stroyed. Among the latter were 3,000 unpaid
44 valentines."
In consequence of the suspension of postal com-
munication, the following fetters, not embraced in
the above aggregate of dead letters, were received
and disposed of at the dead letter office from the
1st of November, 1^61, to the 1st of November,
1862, namely:
Forty-six thousand six hundred and ninety-
seven letters, written m the loyal States, and di-
rected to States under insurrectionary control.
These letters, when susceptible of restoration,
were stamped "mad suspended, ** and returned
to the writers.
Three thousand one hundred and ninety-eight
letters from sections of the country subject to
rebel control, and addressed to persons in the
loyal States. The greater portion of such letters
were forwarded to their destination.
Thirteen thousand four hundred and sixty-
three foreign letters were directed to localities in
this country with which postal communication is
discontinued. Letters of this class were stamped
\{\ i( mails suspend fid," and returned to the countries
' wlmrc they oiiginated.
13y the actapproved January 2], 1862, the Post-
master General was authorized to return all dead
letters, except those containing circulars and other
worthless matter, fo the writers, whenever their
names can be aseci mined, provided that he should
be satisfied the receipts for dead letter postage
would amount to a sum sufficient to pay the ag-
gregate compensation of the clciks employed for
that purpose, which, by a subsequentappropria-
tion, was fixed nt ^20,000 per annum.
Duiiug a period of nine months, fium Febru-
ary { to November (, 1862, 726,3110 lettt rs were
plaoed m new en\ dopes', and redirected to the
ofiiees where originally mailed. Of this number,
5,261 were sent fo banks and insurance compa-
mes, 97,232 to business firms, and 623,897 to in-
dividuals; 2,383 of these letters were written to
soldiers in various hospitals* and, not having
been delivered, were returned to the writers, free
of postage; 30,182 wore written in foreign lan-
guages, principally the German.
Out of the whole number thus sent, (39,680, or
nineteen p<-r cent., wete returned again to the
Department, for vauous reasons, as stated in ta-
ble iVo. 23.
Although letters of the class under notice weie
returned to the post offices at which they weie
originally mailed within three months afterwards,
if wdl be seen that a large proportion of those sent
haelc to the Department is embraced m these two
divisions, namely; "moved awav, and absent,"
and "not known, oi not found," a fact which
fmeibly illustiates the wi [(-known minatory hab-
its of our people, which contribute largely to sw ell
the aggregate of dead letters.
'Die proportion of dead letters which could not,
or which, from their worthless character, should
not be restored to the writers, was found to be
somewhat greater than had been antieipiUt d; while
the number returned a second time to the Depart-
ment was Icns than the estnnatnof last year, being,
as above .stated, nineteen per rent, instead of twen-
ty-jive per et;in. of the ui.iount ;<ent out.
The uroxs revenue to tho Department from
583,074 letter* not containing articles of value,
delivered a>- abo\e staled, duiing nine months,
charged vifh ;--ix cents postage each, was
,1 $34,084 44, "vhi<-h, at the same rate, would yield
11 yt0.645 92 in one year, being ^>26',645 92 more
than the con- memrd in sending them out.
" if the retr rn i-n'e of j .ostage on such tVU< rs were
whb "d to thieo d r ts, the amount of pesu\<re col-
| Je-'te'! iherelrom would be ^23,32'J 96, or$3,3*2 96
more i!;.!!! the exn-Miie of restoring them. A i'(--
j ductioo to (his ex'.ent could notfa.il to be gratify-
; mg io the puultc, v.'hile it would not involve any
; adJiUor;ai ''Xpenaituie, I'liere is rrason to be-
| li' fo( morcT er_; that the pa-efrent h igh rate has, in
i some instants, ir.deoed persons to decline receiv-
; ing their ordinary letters retnriud from this De- |
, partment. I would thereibre recommend that the ;
I Postmaster General be authorized to reduce the -
rate of postage on dead letters not containing val-
uable inclosures, as fixed by the act of January
21, 1862.
The number of dead letters returned unopened
to foreign countries during the year was 160,432,
and the amount of unpaid postage thereon was
$9,200 05. The number received from foreign
countries was 58,614, on which the unpaid post-
age amounted to §1,880 29. For details see tables
(Nos. 24, 25) appended to this report.
It is believed that nearly all letters delivered,
after having been advertised, are applied for with-
in the ensuing month;and that the number claimed
during the second month is so small that their de-
livery, when considerably more than a month old,
would be of less advantage to the public than
would be the return of all dead letters to their
writers a month sooner than is possible under ex-
isting law. But, for obvious reasons, those pro-
visions should not be changed which require let-
ters to be retained in post offices longer than the
usual period, when they bear special requests to
that effect, or are destined for persons on board
designated vessels expected to arrive at ports to
which such letters are directed. An abridgment
of the period during which postmasters are to hold
letters after advertising the same would still fur-
ther simplify the system of returning dead letters
to the Depaitmcnt, and secure an earlier restora-
tion to the writers.
I would therefore recommend that the Post-
master General be authorized to regulate the period
during which postmasters are required, by the 6th
section of the act of February 27, 1961, to hold
dead letters.
Great efforts have been made to give security
to the mails. New and improved locks have been
put into service; a stricter surveillance has been
exercised over the affairs and agents of this De-
partment; negligence has been punished and dili-
gence rewarded ; and the results, in promoting
energy and vigilance, have been satisfactory. But
the mails, despite the very general watchfulness
and fidelity on the part of the employes of this De-
partment, continue to be subject to depredations.
The means of conveyance are only adapted to
tho primary object of the mail service, the mere
transmission of intelligence. This Department
could not make use of strong boxes, nor adopt
measures to fix accountability upon each of the
multitude of agents employed in the business,
such as arc resoited to by the carriers of merchan-
diseand money, without saeiifieing the expedi-
tion required of a carrier of intelligence, and at the
same time greatly increasing the expense necessary
to the pioper management of the latter business.
For tins reason the mails have always been, and
must continue to be, an unsafe motiium for the
conveyance of money letters. The money con-
taiind in the mails creates the temptations to the
robberies committed, and is, moieover, the chief
cause of the loss of letters which do not contain
money.
It is, in my opinion, very desirable, for these
and many other reasons, that money should, as
far as piacticable, be excluded from the mails.
With this view I recommend:
1. The adoption of a money order system.
2. A greatly increased rate upon registered let-
ters, approximating the charges imposed by other
parties engaged in the transportation of such pack-
ages; and
3. Thar all Icttei« known to contain money shall
be charged with the legistry postage.
The adoption of a money order system would
not obviate the neces^itv for some plan by which
letteis containing negotiable and other valuable pa-
pe;s could be registered, although bankers would,
to some extent, avail themselves of it to transmit
by mail packages of money. But the registration
ibe, as now fixed by law, does not pay the ex-
i emses of the i egistrv system, which mi^M there-
fore with propriety be discontinued, so faraathe
mteiests of this Depai tment are concei mil. It is,
moreover, inc>mplete in this respect, that the
sender of a registered letter, who gets a receipt for
if from the postmaster ofthe mailing olHce, upon
payment of a fee of five cenN and the ordinary
postage, receives no information from the Depart-
ment as l<; the delivery or non-dehvery of his let-
ter, unless, jn the latter event, it reach the dead
hue? o$ce.
