1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Si
37th Cong....3d Ssss.
liejMii of the Foftmaster General.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
To obviate this defect, it is proposed that every
postmaster who registers a letter shall execute
duplicate leceipts therefor, one of which is to be
handed to the sender, as at present, and the other
forwarded with the registered letter and accom-
panying bill to the post office of delivery. The
person who receives the letter shall be required
not only to acknowledge that fact in a book kept
for the purpose, but also to sign the duplicate re-
ceipt, which shall be returned by the postmaster
at the office of delivery to the sender, as an evi-
dence that the letter was duly delivered to the per-
son for whom it was intended, und as a record of
the date of such delivery.
Should the sender of a registered letter fail to
obtain a return receipt theiefor in due course of
settles the facts. A system which leaves the dis-
position of large sums of money to the discretion
of individuals is vicious, and is liable to produce
great abuses.
The other class of reasons relates to the effect
of the proposed change in securing the perform-
ance of the service, "it cannot be doubted that
failures of the mail constantly occur, which might
be and would be avoided if the contractor knew
that he would certainly lose his pay if the failure
took place. Under the presentsystem, when any-
thing occurs which offers an excuse, there is no
motive for extraordinary effort to overcome the
difficulty. The temptation to magnify, or even
to invent difficulties, when failures occur which
might have been overcome, or did not exist, is a
mail, he would at once notify the Department of ; great, if not a sufficient, objection to the present
the failure, which would lead to an investigation J' system. I think the efficiency of the service would
of the cause of delay, and facilitate the prompt ' beatentiy promoted by the change recommended,
delivery or recovery of the letter. '' 1 1 1~*"    1 *]'n
As n compensation for such registration and re-
turn of receipt from the office of delivery, I would
recommend that a fee of twenty cents should be
charged on cach letter or package registered.
without seriously increasing the sum paid for the
11 same.
] post office buildings.
1' Tl\", poKt offieo building at New York has been
!| enlarged, materially increasing, its accommoda-
11 tions, and at a very moderate cost, the contract
i: having been made therefor for the sum of $7,5S7.
iThe now building at Philadelphia is in progress,
!! and is expected to be ready for occupancy early
m the spring. It is hoped the entire cost of the
I alterations and enlargement of the buildings, ac-
1 commodating the courts and the post office, will
' [ fall below $50,00').
i rostal REFORM.
xVn impression prevails that the mere adoption m
inspection office.
The inspection office is charged with the obser-
vation of failuies and delinquencies in the service
of contractors and route agents; with fines and
remissions theivof; with the subject of mail dep-
redations, and prosecution of violators of postal
laws; with the duty ofproeuringand distributing
mail ba:;s, locks and keys, and some other duties
of detail.
During the last year, a large number of mail ,
pouches and locks accumulated in certain offices, ;; England of the penny postage lias been the means
| of perfecting their postal system to its present do-
|1 gree of efficiency. L do not so regard it. The prin-
I ciple of uniformity, however, is important, and
' promotes both official and publicconvenience. It
i is the substitution of simplicity for complexity,
and this is always improving and progressive.
II But there are other potential elements, in my
' judgment, of the success of the English system.
1 Onu is found in the fact that the personnel of their
and there disused from neglect, have been recov
ered. In the Chicago office, under the former in-
cumbent, several hundied had ihus accumulated,
been djsusid for two years or moie, and upon
examination some packages of letters weie still
found therein, indicating great neglect originally.
I have, since that tune, directed the services of a
temporary agent to the same investigation in other
large offices. He is still so employed, and has ..
recovered a large additional number of mail bags. ;. postal administration is more permanent, and the
I recommend that the power to withhold ancl ^ establishment is placed purely on a business foot-
to remit lines and forfeitures be taken from the J ing. Itisadmimstered by experienced men. Once
Postmaster General, as respects all future con- 1 thoroughly instructed in the laws, the regulations,
tracts for mail service. There is no better reason '•[ and their duties, the Department measures their
for authorizing the Postmaster General to pay | | claims to office by their continued fidelity and ai
for mail service which has not been performed tcntion to its inteiests. T" "
than there is for allowing payment on other con- '
tracts when the consideration fails. \
There are two classes of reasons which induce ,
nie to make this recommendation. The first re- '
lates to the difficulty of properly exercising the
power. It is in its nature judicial, and we have
not the machinery for a judicial inquiiy as to '
whether the excuses offered for failures are valid. i
The investigation is made by clerks, whose judg-
ment upon ex parte testimony offered practically
In some branches of the
service, candidal s are admitted upon both a phys- ;
ieal and mental examination of their qualifications. i
A medical officer exami nes t he aspirants for clei k- ,
ships, and for the places of can iers and laborers. ;
Post office savings banks au> connected with the >
establishment. Pro\iM<m for life assurance, the !
premiums being deducted from weekly ormonthly ;
wages, is also a pas t of their system. They thus ,
combine nearly all interests to procure a perma-
nent and faithful devotion to duty. ,
In this country the people of all classes are more
migratory,frequently changing their occupations
as well as their residences. The number of resig-
nations alone, during the year ending on the 30th
of June, 1862, was 2,902, the removals 2,78C, out
of 19,973 officers in the loyal States and districts.
The resignations were nearly fifteen per cent, of
the whole number; and resignations and removals -
combined, about twenty-eight per cent, of the
whole number. The new appointees must acquire a
practical postal education before they can promptly
and accurately discharge their duties. It is evi-
dent that a system so liable to constant and large
changes in its administration must be defective in
many elements of completeness. The theory of
our Government requires a direct official respons-
ibility to the executive head, and that the term
of office should be limited to the proper discharge
of that responsibility. The principle is correct.
But the proper compensatory principle requires
retention of good officers, as truly as it requiies
the discharge of incompetent incumbents. This
principle can be carried into effect only when pub-
lic sentiment shall be so clear and uniform a"5 jo
make itself felt by all public representatives in-
fluencing appointments.
They also have a much less complex system of
accounts than that prevailinghere, which requires,
in my opinion, much unnecessary labor on the
part of postmasters, and in the Auditor's office
requires the services of additional clerks without
corresponding benefits.
The shorter distances traversed by their corre-
spondence, and the less time consumed in the ex-
change of letters, also contribute to increase the
amount of it.
The perfection of their system of deliveries of
mail matter has also essentially contributed to
their prosperity.'
Another important element has been entirely
overlooked, so far as the late discussions are con-
cerned. it is the fact that largely incieased fa-
cilities of mail communication have followed each
reduction of postal rates, both in England and the
United States.
The tables subjoined show the direct annual
postal revenue and postal expenditures, and the
annual deficiencies or surplus for each year since
1839, in the United States, arranged in three ta-
l)lt.s—the first embracing the hist six years under
the high rates, (from six to twenty-five cents;)
the second einbiacing six ycais of the five una
ten cent rates; the third embracing nine years
of tiio three cent prepaid rate under three thou-
sand miles—the unpaid five cent rate, interme-
diately established and abolished, not nfftcting
the argument. These tables also show the annual
peicentage of increase or decrease of revenue
and expenditures, and the percentage of increase
for each series of years. They stop at 1860, that
being the last complete year before our civil
troubles.
Revenue and expenditures <f the Post Office Department for 6ix years, from 18*j0 to ]b!5, exclusive
being G, JO, P2], Ifc*, and 25 cents.
■xclusicc of appropriations by Congress, postage rates on single letters
,, , . j Percent nv- ! Pel oent.de-
LxprndlUilos. | freate- I CUil^
. 1640  $4,:>4:u>] sn ■ 
isu ■ t, t')7 .7 "3 'ft    A'luut a
'1843   : 4 .VltJ.f-19 ()■") | About 3 ' 
i     4,-2!)'').2'2.) i i About ,V
I 184 } ; 7 t-J 1   About i-j
1 .*  ! 4,29-^il 1 At).>ui J 1 •"> | 
:L1\*W> r,{ j i  
oi !   
. i','i t 7.71 s0 | About 2f 
•Ci-1.7.7.J 71   AbeUI *
•j'/jua .7IJ 70   About l.n
1 <;:< About >
Deficiency.
6-1:4.71n 72
01 / 01 34
I.H7,WQ is
7>..v>8 28
87
30>.;0 10
Suiplus.
I Fir^t pellod..
,3 >1,1.73 99 !.
£] .nsW.OM 16
Yeai!«
For six years, froui 1840 to 1351, pottage rates on single Idlers 5 and 10 cents.
Expenditure
Pei cent, in- . Per ec:r. de-
ciease. 1 erea-e.
Pel cent iii- P< r <•<■ nt dc- 1
e|L'U:-e. 1 create I
Deficiency. |
Suiplus.
I 3 846 
j 1847  
| W.) 
Second period. 
£3, ib7Jl 0 3.j |  Abou
M3.st-'0,J'i7 7b j \boutil[ ........
4.1 !Ni-r, 19 | About 0 9 1 
4.70"..!^') ->s i About 13 4 ' 
i About JO.!) ; 
b.iKuw-i i About i(j 6 ; 
":i/j7i.1i!0 r,u | 
4.3-2i).s.")U ^7 ! About b 1
4.479.019 V.i 1 About :s r>
40 i Ahoul JO 4
f>.27tv50l Gh . A buut -JO 4
About '■}
About *-.7
$597U7
0".;H)8
17^,7-25 08
S"&,1J1,427 7% |
$<386,766 i
Between fn^t and second periods  j About 6.8
.1 About 1.6
$326,127 15
S87.031- 43
13^,202 Go
$645,361 23
