THE CONGRESSIONAL (J LOBE.
THE OFFICIAL' PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C:
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1863.
Ktw Series.....No. 44.
I, 1863, si will not l>e icceived into the armed service of the j
United States, nor hhall there be recruiting offices opened 1
in either of the States of Delaware, Maryland, West Vir-
ginia, Kentucky,Tennessee, oi Mi-souri, without the con- ;
sent of the Governor of said State having been first oh- !
tamed.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest that, by unanimous
consent, the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee be considered us pending.
Mr. VALL4NDIGHAM. I object. ,
Mr. COLFAX. I then make the inquiry of the j
Cha.tr whether, if the demand for the pievious j
question be voted down and the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania withdrawn, we cannot
then have the previous question upon each amend-
ment separately ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that under the new rules that can be
done.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope* then, the House will
not second the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to do all I can to give
satisfaction to those who are really the friends of
the measure. I hope, therefore, the previous ques-
tion will be seconded and the vote taken upon the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Hickman.] I
will then move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered to be put, for the pur-
pose of allowing the amendment (,f the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] or that of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mi. Casey] to be of-
fered; and m that way the House will be able to
decide which amendment it prefers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the pioposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania can only be canied out by unani-
mous consent. When onee the main question has
been ordered and partly executed it cannot then
be reconsidered.
Mr. COLFAX. The object sought by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania can, however, be ac-
complished in accordance with parliamentary law
by the couise I suggested.
Mr. STEVENif. I hope, then, by general con-
sent it maybe understood thatnfter the vote shall
have been taken on my colleague's amendment,
the gentleman from Kentucky will be permitted
to offer his amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. 1 object.
Mr. MAYNARD. i ask, for information,
whether, if I withdraw my motion to commit to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and then call
the previous question on the pending amendment,
which is that of the gentleman fiom Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Hickman,] aftei that has been voted
down I can offei my amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not unless the
gentleman from Pennsylvania withdraws his de-
mand for the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I will make one more prop-
osition. I propose that the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Casey] shall be
considered as pending to my amendment, and let
the rest be voted down.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My objection to that is
that their icciuuing officers are to decide who are
loyal men, and 1 have no doubt that some of them
could find proof sufficient to induce them to decide
that I am not a loyal man. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, as there seems to
be no way of arriving at any satisfactory under-
standing, I must insist on my demand for the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 58,
noes 50.
Mr. McKNIGHT called for tellers.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the vote is announced,
I will modify my amendment by adding to it that
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Casey.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether the gentleman can modify his
amendment if there is objection ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He has the ri^ht
to modify it at any time before the main question
has been ordered on it, or before division or
amendment.
44
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now withdraw my mo-
tion to commit the bill to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaiis.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
can withdraw his motion if no objection be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. *
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsiderthe vote by
which the main question was ordered, and also
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
On the latter motion,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham,
and Phelps of California, appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 40!
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the motion to commit
the hill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—William J. Allen, Aneona, Baily, Mid-
dle, Jacob B. Clan, William G. Brown, Clemen?-. Cobb,
Cox, Ciaven-, Ciisfield, Crittenden, Oclaplaine, Duell,
Granger. CJi nier, il;ife, II,ill, I laid ins. ilai rison, II<1lmau,
Iloiton, Johnson, William Kellong, Kenyan. Law, La-
year, Lejn \, Malloi\, May. Mawmrd, Meiizies, Morn-,
Noble, \oiion, Odell, Pendleton, Piice, Robinson, James
S. Uollni>, Segai, Sheffield, Shiel, Stiles, Benjamin F.
'1 honia-, Im.uk is Thomas \ ibbaid, VV.idswoi Ui, Webster,
\Vh.Ue\, Chilton A. White, WoodiutT, Wright, ami Yea-
man —54.
\AYS—Messrs. Aldnch, William Allen, Alloy, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaniau, Bingham, Samuel S.
Btan, Blake. lluffinton, Campbell, Casey, Chambeilam,
Clatk, Colfax. Fiedenck A. Conklmg, Ito-scoe Conkling,
<\>mv.iy,CiHlei, Davi-, Dawes, Dunn,Kdgeiton.Edwaids,
Eliot, El>, I'Vnton, Samuel C. Fesscnden, Thomas A. D.
Fe-^enden, Fishei, Fiank, Gooch,Gurley, ilooper, Ilutch-
liis, Julian, Keliey, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lari'-inu, Loonus,
Lovejoy, Low , Mefndoe, McKean, M( Knight, McPhenon.
Mai-510U, Mitchell. Justin S. iVlot rill, Nixon. OI in, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeioy, Portei, Potiei, John II. Uiee,
Riddle, Edvv.ud H. Rollins Sargent, Sedgw ick, blanks,
Shellaburgei, Sheiman, Sloan. Spunldinu, Ste\rn-,Tram,
Trimble,Trowbrutee, Van Horn. Wulkei, Wall. Wallace,
Wa-ilibume, Wheelet, Albert S. White, \V ilson, Windom,
Woo.I, and VVorccstei—83.
So the House refused to commit the bill.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, stated that Mr. Baker
had paired with Mr. Haight.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Delano had
been compelled to leave the Hail on account of
illness.
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Hickman had
been called home by sickness in his family.
Mr. COBR said Mr. Perry had paired with
Mr. Goodwin.
Mr. TRAIN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rice, had paired with Mr. ICnapp.
Mr ODELL stated that Mr. Steele, of New
York, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Steele, of New
Jersey, had been compelled to go home ip conse-
quence of sickness m his family.
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr, Stratton had
been nec^ssai ily called home.
Mr. PENDLETON satd he had been requested
to state that Mr. Voohhees was compelled by
severe indisposition to leave the room. Ifhe were
here he would vote against the bill m all its stages.
Mr. PENDLETON also stated that Mr. Ward
had paired with Mr. Franchot.
Mr. WADSVVORTH said that Mr. Dunlap
had been called home by the 3erious illness of his
I wife. Otherwise he would have voted against
this bill in all aspects and shapes.
Mr. KELLEY said Mr, Verref. had paired
■with Mr. Smith, otherwise lie [Mr. Verree]
would vote for the bill in-all its stages.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, said his colleague, Mr.
Morrill, was absent in consequence of indispo-
sition; otherwise he would have voted against ref-
erence and for the*bill.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
ENROLLED BILL. - - '
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
458) to amend an actemitled "An act for the col-
lection of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts
within the United States, and for other purposes,^
approved June 7, 1862; when the Speaker signed
the bill.
NEGRO SOLDIERS AGAIN.
Thc*question then recurred on Mr, Hickman's
substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert;
That the President be, and i  hereby, authonzed to raise
as many regiments not exceeding thiee hundred, of Af-
ricans, or coloied petsons of the United States, as, m his
discretion, he may consider neeessaiy ; to he uniformed in
some maik<d or special manner, and armed and equipped
as he mayduect; then teim of service to be for seven years
unless sooner dtsehaiged ; the pay ot'the private soldiers
and musician- to be $8 50 per month, one hall of which Is
to be retained till the end of then period of enlistment; the
pay of the non-emu missioned officers to be the same as that
of Idee giados in the respective eoips of the regular Army;
the commissioned oflieeis of these regiments to receive the
pay and emolument- of officers of coi responding grades in
the infantiy arm of the regulai service; the non-commis-
sioned ofheets to he either white or colored, as the com-
manding oflieei«- of regiment* may see fit; each company
to have one teacher or chaplain's cleik, with the pay and
allowances of oideily ^eiaeant, and the whole to receive the
same allowance* of clothing, ration*, quarters, fuel, &c.,
a* aie now provided by law for the other troops of tile Uni-
ted Stales.
Sec. 2. Jlntl he it farther enacted* That a line of semi-
monthly steamers, of'not le^s than fifteen hundred tons bur-
den each, be established by contract oroitiei wise between
New Yotk nnd one or more pons in Liberia, Africa, to
touch on the outward pa-sage at Noifolk, Virginia, and at
Port Royal, South Carolina, tor the purpose of carrying
mails, passengers, aiticlcs of commeice, and such persons
an the vaiioti> colonization societies of the United States
may desire to>end; and that for the purpose of superintend-
ing tlie said line of steamers and the emigration of Africans
from the United States, three commissioners shall be ap-
pointed, whose teim of office shall continue during good
behavior, with the pay of $3,000 a year each, and whose
dutv it shall be to send to Liberia such freed men of the
Atric.m race as are or may become dependent upon the
United Mate's tor support; to furnish them with suitable
agricuituial implements,and with clothing, piovisions. and
medical attendance forthe period of one year, rendering an
annual account of the same to the Secietarv of the Navy
foi the inhumation of Congress.
Sec. 3. heit further enacted, That all tlicMims accru-
ing to the United State* through the confiscation of the
property of persons in lebellion against the Government
of the United States by the act entitled " An act to sup-
pi c-s iuMitrcction, to punish treason and rebellion, to *eize
and confiscate tin* property of rebel*, and for othei pur-
poses,'* approved July 17, 1862, be, and hereby aie, appro-
priated for the purpose* ofedueation in the respective States
wheiein the confiscated property lies, to be paid over to and
expended by the legitimate authorities of those Slates when
reestablished in the full and complete exerci>eol their ap-
propimte poweis under tin- United State- : PjOiided, That
the said education shall teach that Iibcity iMhe fundament-
al principle of the Government of the United States, and
shall be extended equally to all persons, without distinction
of race, sect, or coloi.
The substitute was rejected.
The bill as modified was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIjusc of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congtcsi assembled, That
the Piesident be, and he i,- lieieby.aiuhoiized to enroll,ann,
equip, and leceive into the land and naval service <>t the
United States such number of volunteers of Alrtean descent
as he may deem useiuJ to suppress the piesent rebellion,
for &ueh teim oi service a.- lie may pi ebonite, not exceeding
five yeai*. The said volunteer to beoteatuaed according
to the Mentations of the binnch of seiviee in which th<iy
may be enlisted, to receive the ?aine lattou*, clothing, and
equipment's as other volunteers, and a monthly pay not to
exceed that of other volunteers; to in officered by persons
appointed and commissioned by the President, and to be gov-
erned by the rule- and articles'of wai and -uch other rules
and regulations aa- may be pier-ciilu-d b> tin- President: Pro-
vided, That nothing herem contained, oi in the rules and
articles ot war, shall be *<> const! ued as to authorize or per-
mit an) officei of Afuean descent to be <q>poJnt<*d to lank,
or to eveicise military ot naval authority over white offi-
cers, soldier-, oi men in the military oi naval service of the
United States: nor sh.ill any gieatei pay than ten dollars
p< r month, with the ti-nal allowance of clothing and ra
tions, be allowed ot paid to private or labotefs ot African
de-cent which aie, or ma* be, in the military or naval ser
vice of the Untied State-. P)ovi<ied jmlhei. That die -!,i\es
ot loval citizen* in tin* Stale- exempt bv the Pies dent's
proclamation ol Jamruy 1, 1833, shall not be reoetwd into
the armed seiviee oi the United State-s nor shall then* be
1 recruiting offices opened in either of the States o' D ,1a-
| ware, Maiyland, West Virginia, Kentucky. Tennessee, or
| Mis-ouri. without the consent of the Governor of said State
1 having been first obtained.
