1802. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
37rrn Cong....3d Se=
The President'a Message—Mr. Richardson.
Ho. op Reps.
or abroad, be made uniform, except where fixed
by conventional stipulations with foreign coun-
tries, and extended to cover all transient printed
matter up to the standard weight of ounces,
except circulars, adding one rate for each addi-
tional  ounces, or fraction thereof, embracing
manuscript copy and corrected proofs passing be-
tween publishers and authors, prepayment being
required in all cases; and that circulars, not ex-
ceeding three in number, and not exceeding the
standmd weight, pass at the same rate, with the
right in the Postmaster General to provide by reg-
ulation a less rate for their delivery within the
postal district where mailed, or through the mails,
when deposited in laige packages for that pui-
pose.
To prevent injurious delays from the accidental
omission of prepayment by stamps upon letters,
the Postmaster General should be authorized to
provide by regulation for forwarding unpaid let-
ters, the rate in such cases being double the pre-
paid rate. The extra charge for forwarding a let-
ter to us ultimate destination, following the party
addressed, should be abolished.
In the draft of a bill which I propose to submit,
as above mentioned, these recommendations will
appear with precision in extent and in rates.
1 also recommend that all distinctions of rates
of domestic letter postages based upon distances,
as now to California and the Pacific coast, be abol-
ished, so that the three cent single rate on mail
letters shall be uniform within the United States,
when prepaid.
1 also recommend the abolition of the one cent
carrier's fee for the delivery and collection of let-
ters in cities, and, in lieu of that annoying and dil-
atory tariff on delivered and collected letters, that
the charge upon local (or drop) letters be made
uniform at the prepaid rate of two cents; and that
all prepaid mail and local letters shall be delivered
and collected without chaige by the carriers, they
being paid by salaries. This will prepay and
transfer the carrier's charge from mail to local let-
ters in effect, greatly accelerate deliveries, and
promote the public convenience. It may not be
expedient at once to abolish box deliveries, but
there is no reason apparent to ine why the gen-
eral delivery should not be at once universally
made by carriers in cities and towns where they
are employed.
I renew the recommendation made last year,
(hat the franking privilege of postmasters be abol-
ished, except for the con espondence between them
and other officers of the Department, upon official
business.
It should be abolished, also, as to the corre-
spondence ofall persons addressed to the several
Departments and executive ofliceis of Govu*n-
nunt, except upon official co  rospondence, ad-
dressed by an otiiccr of the Government.
"Both these privileges, as they now exist, have
been much abused, and ha ve no proper place in a
correct postal system.
The system of adjusting post office accounts
and postmasters' pay, by commissions, varying
upon different classes of mail matter, is no longer
of utility commensurate with its labor and its cost.
1 am satisfied that the blanks and the clerical ser-
vice consumed by this system contribute largely
to swell expenditures, and contribute nothing at
all to efficiency or to revenue.
The data that system has furnished up to this
time will afford the basis for ascei taming the
proper salaries to be assigned to at least f>>ur fifths
of the offices of the country, and the rule for ad-
justing the remainder, whose revenues and busi-
ness may be too variable for precise compensation,
jieie their utility terminates. Our system in tins
particular should be radically changed; and 1 hope
the eliange may be atithonztd by law. It wid
produce economy, facility, <nid simplicity.
I propose, also, a partial change in the mode of
mailing letters, involving the disuse of way-bill-!
in part, which, if successful, will largely icduce
the consumption, and consequently the expense,
of blanks, wiapping paper, and twine.
I have ordered the topographer of the Depart-
ment to pieparea set of postal maps, by States,
or groups of States, designed to show ail the per-
manent postal routes, posial distances, and post
offices ihercon, m the United States, and embia-
cing other statistical information. Their utility to
the Department and to the pubiio will be great;
and I aslc authority from Congress to copyright
them in the name of the Postmaster Geneial, to
put them on sale at a moderate price, to be regu-
lated by him, and to pass the proceeds of sales to
the credit of the Post Office revenue. As they will
be published in series, and the proceeds of sale
will go for reimbursement,no othernppropriation
will be needed than that allowed for miscellaneous
payments.
I have postponed the publication of the list of
post offices in the United States, heretofore made
biennially, with a view to change the form and
diminish the frequency of publication. It is now
in the press. The laws and lobulations will be
separately published after the expiration of this
Congiess in a revised foim. These woi ks are fre-
quently sought for by the public, and frequently
lost by postmasteis to whom they have been de-
livered. In one ease there should be authority to
sell; and in the other to charge the value against
the postmaster in his accounts, and to charge him
also in case of any second delivery of the book to
him.
Itis my purpose to adhere firmly to my determ-
ination to displace incompetency and indiffer-
ence wherever found m official position under my
control, without any disci imination infavoi ofap-
poinitvients which 1 may myself have made un-
der misinformation of facts. The postal business
must be conducted, if pucee^ful, upon the same
principles which control the operations of the up-
right and Ncigaeious man of business. The De-
partment should adhere to those officeis who have
administrative talents, and aiefaithful to itsmtei-
ests; and should remove tiiose who take no inter-
est in tin) efficiency of its service. The number of
its appointed offi -ers and employes is so great,
and dispersed ovet so large a tenitory, that the
Postmasu r Genital must always depend upon the
cooperation of the public, and particularly of the
official advise-of the Departnnnt, in order to
secuie this f-sult.
I take puasure in acknowledging the active
cooperation 1 have received, in all efforts for im-
piovernent, from the present intelligent and effi-
ci< nt posimasieis at Philadelphia, New York, and
Bo&ton, as well as the aid detived from the inves-
tigations and iep? csei.Litions of Mr. Pliny Miles
and the Hon. John Hutchins.
I have the hoi;or to be, &c., 6cc., your obedient
seivant, ^ blair, Postmaster General*
The President.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. RICHARDSON,
OF ILLINOIS,
In tiii. House of Representatives,
December 8, 18G2.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. RICHARDSON taid:
Mr. Chairman: The annual message recently
sent to this House by the President of the United
States, is the most rematkable ofany that has ever
been delivered to Congress. It is remarkable for
what it says, and it is still mote remarkable for
what it omits to say. One half of the twenty-
one pages which it covers is devoted to the negro.
No page, no sentence, no line, no wotd, is given
t«> laud or even to mention the bravery, the gal-
ian'ry, the good conduct of our soldieis in the
various bloody battles which have been fought.
No sorrow is expiessed for the lamented d'-ad.
No aiuision is made to the maimed and wound< d.
No sympathy is tendered to the sorrowing widow
and to the in ipless ot plum made dm in^ the prog-
le-ssi of this wai, v;!..eh ukiM have been avoided
by honmabie e<«mp  u.i.-' , if the Piosidwu and
his fi.elids had ehost ;; So Li do.
Sir. it iya remarkable document. It is ar extraor-
dinary message, when we tome to think of us
sum and substance. To feed, clothe, luty, and
colonize the negio we are to tax and mortage the
white man and his chiidicM. The wlme rae.e u t-<
be burdened to the eai ih for the benefit of the biat.k
race.
A ft tend of mine ftom New England the other
day made a mathematical analysis of the mes-
sage. He said, one from one and naught remains.
Naught from naught and the message is the result.
[Laughter.]
So far as it relates to the white race, that mathe-
matical calculation is right. So far as it relates
to the negro, or in the court language of the Presi-
dent, the "free American of African descent,"
rivers of blood and countless millions of treasure
aie not enough for his benefit and advantage.
Now, sir, when our people have anxiously
looked to the message from the Piesident of the
United Stares to learn what they have to hope of
a restored Union, and a return of the blessings
of peace once more to their firesides, by inference
wc leain, if not directly, that if we will carry
out ail of the President's plans; if we will carry
out his schemes thirty-seven yeais from now, the
people may again behold the restoration of the
Union, and the return of peace. True, the mes-
sage states that at the end of those thirty-seven
years but few of us will then be living to enjoy
the blessings we once enjoyed in this now dis-
tracted ami divided country.
But, Mr. Chairman, there are a few passages
m the message so extraordinary* so wonderful,
that they lequne at Jeast a passing notice. There
has been, and still is, a great anxiety felt and
expreSNed by our people that this negro popula-
tion shall not interfere with them; that it shall
not jostle them m the occupations they have here-
tofore pursued in the various industrial pursuits
of life m the great fertile regions of the West.
The Presidfnt on that head uses the following1
language:
'•And yet T vvi^h to say there is an objection urjrcd against
fiCe coloK'.i p>M-oiis remauuiim in the country, winch is
largely luiniMiiuy. U not ,-oiik times mal'ctnu^. it m in —
that tle'ii pie-enee would injure and displace white
J labor and while JaltO'-er--. ft tiiere ever could he a proper
. tirneloi meie catch ar .uriem-.,that tune safely!- noi now.
fn time-; like lb'' ptc^enr. men should uuei nothing for
! which they would not ui'luurly he le-jpnnMb'e tbioi.L'h
I time and m f ;nnry. J-.-it true, then, that colored people
j cat) di-phue ui:> white labor, by bejnjr free, than by
: rcuifumnji "-iaver*? It they stay in their old places, they
jo-tie no whit" laboiei*; if they leave then old places,
they leave tin-in oren to white laborers. Logleaiiv, there
i> witner moip noi i< -s of it."
Now, fur, I wdl not do logic th" violence to say
thar that is an argument. He tells our people,
those who suppotted him because they believed
he and his p.nty intended to keep the non-slave-
holding States and all iheTeiriunies of the Union
for the sole occupation of the white race, if you
do not like my plan of disposing of this black
race; if you tear fiom their introduction among
you that their labor will be biought into com-
petition with that of your own, all you have to
do to avoid this competition is to quietly leave
your present fields of labor, homes to which,
perhaps, you may be attached, and the graves
of your kindred, and emigrate southward, and
occupy the places made vacant by the exodus of
what his Excellency terms the " free Americana
of African descent." That is the sum and sub*
stance of it.
Cut for sake of argument, admit if you choose
that all the plans of the President touehing eman-
cipation and colonization of the negto were to-day
successfully carried out, what would it accomplish
in the great work of restoring the Union ? Noth-
ing—wot so than nothing.
The Piesident recommends in his annual mes-
sage tin ru propositions to amend the Constitution
of the United States, i will nottiouble the com-
mittee with rendinir them; every gentleman here
is familiar with the aitides he proposes to adopt
foi anv-iidrntms. The fust, second, and thud,
an* for the ben* fit of tin: negro. The people are
sick and tir< d of this eternal talk upon the negro,
and they have expressed that disgust unrnen. k-
ably in the reeent elections. The Piesid.-ut's
proposed amendments as a whole, or eiih'-T of
them, could imtioceive the suffrages of a major-
ity of the people of more than two Stuiia of
ih's IJ moil,
While upon this subject, I desire to call the at-
tention of the committee to a single fjuture in re-
iaiioii to these amendments. In thy message h'i
lecumnn-nds an amendment to the Constitution
as follow a:
"Art — may appropriate mon>n\ and other-
wise piovidc foi colonizing tree eoioied pei>.oiH, with their
own consent, at anyplace or places vvitiiotit the United
States."
