m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
there is a large and frequent call upon the consul for his
^Should it appear that such charitable gifts have been
judiciously made, and the proof be such as has been ac-
cepted by the accounting officers in adjusting the claims
of consuls under similar appropriations, to which I have
referred above, the Departinentis of opinion that an appro-
priation under this head for the relief ot Mr. Diller might
justly and equitably be made.
41 fn regard to clerk hire, I have to state that the repeal
" of the scveiith section of the diplomatic and consular act
of Augufct 18,1S5G, had operated very severely upon many
of the consulates at which the consular business is such
as to require the employment of clerks, whose compensa-
tion must he defrayed by the consul himself from lua sal-
JKi! toi„VharthIrdsection,aretheseiwo poits^, Bremen
at the rates per annum hereinafter specified in said sched-
ules B and 0; and it the President shall thmk proper to
appoint a consul to any port or place named m the saul
schedules B and C for a commercial agent, instead ot such
commercial agent, or vice versa> and an appointment shall
be made accordingly, the compensation for such consular
officer shall be the same in any sucli case as that fixed tor
such port or place in the schedule embiacing the same |
and if he shall think the public intciests will be subserved
bv appointing to any such port or place a consul general
in^-ead of a consul or commercial agent, and an appoint-
ment shall be made accordingly,the compensation tor such
consul general shall be the same as that fixed for such port
or place in the schedule embracing the same."
alluded
15-18, 20,21, 5.V62; also Executive Document No. 44,
House of Representatives, Thirty-Fifth Congress, second
(See Executive Document No.
tives, Thirty-Fifth Congress, sccon
, 20, i>l, 5.V-62; also
UWuBe of Representatives,   „   „ ,
session, pp. 1-U; see also Report No. o64, House ot llep-
lesentatives, Tiurty-fcWxth Confess, fn^t session, p. '2;
also, manuscript letter dated December 1*2, 1361, ot this
Department, addressed to Hon. William 1\ Fessenden,
chairman of Committee on Finance, United States toen-
" The opinions of the Department in regard to the inad-
equacy of the compensation herctoi'ote paid to the United
States consul at Bremen have received confirmation during
the present session of Congre&s, by winch it has been in-
creased to $3,000 per annum.
" The circumstances of the ease, in view also oi the pre-
cedents to which I have relet red, ate such, in the opinion
of the Department, as to warrant the recommendation,
which is now made, of an appropriation for the iclict oi the
petitioner." . j
The committee have been unwilling to tecogruze the j
claim for fuel and lighr>; noi can they icctognize the claim !
for travel, except beyond the limits oi lu  consulate. Hut >
takingHnto consideration the inadequacy el hi* compensa-
tion and the meritorious, chaiacter of much of the services
for winch the memouallst now seeks lemuncration, they
think it advisable th.it the 3ecret.ii} ot St.il'- should be di-
rected to audit and settle hn accounts on punciplesot jus-
tice and equity, wiihiu the limits of $3,000. They leport
a bill accordingly, and recommend it-* passage.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the report which
was made at the iast session, introducing the bill
to which the one now under consideration was an
amendment. It will be remembered that a dis-
cussion ensued on the consideration oi that bill,
and Senators objected to referring1 the case to the
Secretary of State, in order to audit the account.
Jt was said that the committee ought to aud^ the
account, and the case was recommitted t™ the
Committee on Foreign Relations for that pur-
pose. The committee took it m charge, put them-
selves in communication with the Department ot
Slate, and obtained the information from ihat
quarter on all the items in the claim of Mr. Diller, |,
and constructed their bill in pursuance of the in- j
formation thus communicated. I have a memo- I
landum of the information from the Department j
of State, which I will not, however, trouble the
Senate with, unless thev wi-di to listen to it. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The qucHiion is |
on theamemiment reported by the Committee on :
Foreign Relations.
The amendment was agreed to. j
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended. I
Mr. FOSTER. Tins bill, Mr. President, in j
my opinion ought not to pass, and I will in one j
word give my reasons for that opinion. For a !
portion of the amount uf the bill T ahould b i dis- j
posed to vote, §350 if I mistake not, which was ;
the amount expended by Mr. Diller tor the relict j
of seamen at the poit of Hamburg. That! think
the Government ought toieimbuise to him. For
the residue of the ctairh, which is baaed on the
ground of inadequacy of salary for the office which
he wad filling, I am opposed to any extra com-
pensation. It stands simply on this principle,
that an officer, knowing the amount of compensa-
tion provided by law, accepts an office and per-
forms its duties faithfully, if it please gentlemen,
for four years, and then he considers that on the
whole he ought to be paid more than the law
allowed him, and that during all the time he
was holding the office he was really incurring an
4 In the schedule embracing the same,
)its
isuls
Jlouse of llepiesonta- ' anc| Hamburg, and the salary for consuls at each
id session, pp. 3, 5-13, ■! f theg)J mo ls is i-2,000. That was the law,
"" rw""",nt W44- ' alldunder that law Mr. Diller applied, I presume,
or his friends applied for him, toobtain this place.
I presume it was not forced upon him. tie took
this position and occupied it three or four yeais,
while the salary, by law, was $2,000and no more.
If he could not consistently with his obligations
to the Government and to himself perform the
duties of that place without losing money, it was,
I apprehend, his duty and his business to resign.
There was 110 necessity for his remaining there at
that time. Patriotism did not call for it. Public
duty did not call for it. He could have easily re-
signed, and there were scores of men in the United
States, if not hundreds, who were desirous of oh-
taining the same position; and if we pass this hill
there will be thousands,because if itisunderstood
that where the salary is small, if a man will only
accept the office and perform the duty, the Gov-
ernment will pay hi 111 what, 011 the whole, he thinks
he ought to have, there will be no end, I apprehend,
to business of this sort before Congiess.
1 think the short, just, and proper course in re-
gard to all these matters is to pay the man the sal-
ary, if he performs the duties, and pay him no
more. On whatground m justice can he ask more?
There was nothing extiaordinary 111 the oircum-
stances or times. Tlu*rc was no war, no event
that made it necessary for Congress, at all events
until after he held the office, to raise the salary.
Then they did it, and made it, 1 presume, what
Congress adjudged proper; and a man who goes
and lakes the oilice now, with the present salary,
may have just the same reason to come to Con-
gress a°uin and say that his expenditures were
greater than his salary. I think that it is not
in the power of the Senate, even advised by the
State Department, to increase the salary of a pub-
j lie officer as it is proposed to do here. We should
I either repeal all laws regulating salaries, or else,
i as it seems to me, stand by the law as it is made,
i I am, therefore, opposed to all that portion of the
I bill which proposes a compensation to this gen-
: tieman over and above the amount which he ex-
pended for destitute seamen. That I will pay.
■ For Ins inciease of compensation, adding to the
! salary given lum toi four years, t will not vote;
for, he it remembered, he hold this office losing
j money for four years, and now comes here to be
! pahi.what he lost. I think he had better have re-
| signed earlier and not lost so much,
i Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Connecti-
1 cut will pardon me if I suggest that his whole ar-
• gumcnt proceeds, I thmk, on a misstatement of
the case." He asserts that here is a proposition to
increase the salary of the late consul at Bremen,
and he objects, properly enough 1 think, u* any
proposed increase of the salary of a consul who
: no longer is in service. He rightly ar§u<*8, and I
j go with him, that for the salary the consul should
| look to the statute under which he is appointed;
I but no such question is involved in this bill. It
i proposes to give to the consul at Bremen eompen-
| sation for moneys paid out while he was in the
| service of the United States. The benator tiom
; Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] asks me why did he
nmount of expense beyond his salary, and that jj pay them out5 Would the Senator have had des-
the Government ought to pay him the difference '■ Ampn^ m # iti7pn« who were there, notpro-
hetween losing and making money.
Now, sir, by the actof the 18th of August, 1856,
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," salaries
■were provided by law for various offices, and
among those for this office of consul at Hamburg
and Bremen, The third section of the act pro-
vides:
^ Sec. 3. And bait further enacted, That consuls general,
consult?, and commercial agents, appointed to the ports and
1 1 _ .    . . a. I. Arjl n J 2.. D i ' Klk
titutu American citizens who were there, not pro
tected by the American consul? Would he lmve
had them seat away from his door? I know he
would not. Would the Senator front Pennsylva-
nia have had the business of the office neglected
and go unperformed, unattended to, when it was
necessary in order te carry it through that he
should employ extra clerk service? I know he
would not.
I wish to disembarrass the question of the sug-
gestion of the acute Senator from Connecticut.
places hereinafter specified ta schedules B and C, shall be L Kftioi. 01 tm, acme ™ ™ iju...
entitled to eomn#!i™Uon fur their herv'feo. reopertiyely, '■ There is no question of salary about it. It is sim
ply whether certain moneys which have been paid
by the consul at Bremen shall be refunded to him
by the Government of the United States. The
Senator is agreed that a certain portion of these
moneys shall be refunded—that is, those which
were paid to destitute Aineiican citizens; but he
objects to refunding to Mr. Diller certain other
moneys which he has paid for what is called ex-
tra clerk hire; though the Department of State,
having particular charge of these matters and per-
fectly familiar with them, expressly recognizes
the refunding of these moneys, and in language
much stronger than it recognized the refunding
of the other moneys.
Now, Mr. President, that is the case. If Sen-
ators think the consul at Bremen should have paid ■
these moneys out of his own pocket, that he should
have paid for American citizens in distress out of
his own pocket, that he should have employed ail
this extra clerk service out of his own pocket, they
will vote against this bill. The Senator, in what
fell from him, intimated that theie might be cir-
cumstances which would justify the payment of
the extra clerk hire; but he says there are no ex-
traordinary circumstances here. He is notaware
that there were any extraordinary circumstances
to justify this extraordinary expenditure. Does
not the Senator know that during the last few
years, and -precisely during the period when this
gentleman was consul at.Bremen, the emigration
from that port to this country increased, I will
not say how many fold, but enormously, entail-
ing upon the consulate at Bremen extraordinary
expenditures ? Of course itwas necessary to have
a larger cleiical force in the office than before that
extraordinary emigration had commenced. The
testimony before the committee, the testimony m
the papers, and the opinion of the Department
was that the extra clerical force was necessary;
the public interests required it. The consul, in
the exercise of his discretion, engaged that extra
clerical force, and he now comes before Congress
and asks to have the moneys he paid out refunded.
That is all.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask when he first came before Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. At the last session.
Mr. HOWE. Not until after his term expired ?
Mr. SUMNER. Not that I am aware of.
, Mr. HOWE. He made no complaint of the
' deficiency in his salary, or the necessity of this
'■ money for expenditures.
j Mr. SUMNER. I have no knowledge on the
i subject.
| Ml. HOWE. Allow me to suggest to the Sen-
i ator from Massachusetts if this is not a proper
| case to go before the Committee ou Claims. I
j will not make the motion.
I Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will take notice
| th.it this class of applications, relating to the con-
sular service, by the usage of this body, go before
| the Committee on Foreign Relations. This has
been twice before the Committee 011 Foreign Re-
i lations. I am perfectly willing that it shall go
j before the Committee on Claims. 1 have 110 de-
[i sire to amplify the juiisdiction ol the committee
!; with winch 1 am associated.
|' Mr. HO.WE. I happen to know that precisely
|; similar cases have gone before the Committee 011
1! Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me.
1 1 doubt if any consular case has gone before the
-I Committee on Claims. It it did, it was contrary
to the usage of the body.
Mr. HOWE. I am not mistaken as to the fact.
;i Mi. GRIMES. 1 inquire of the Senator fiotn
Massachusetts what data were before the Com-
'■ mittee on Foreign Relations to enable them to fix
| the precise amount duo Mr. Isaac R. Diller at
i, $3,655 55. . .
| Mr. SUMNER. I answer the question with
great pleasure. The report states the sum total of
the claim of Mr. Diller. That was not accepted by
the committee. Certain items however were ac-
cepted, and the fust is that for the relief ot desti-
tute American citizcns. which is put down at $350.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state how it came to be put down at
that sum ? What were the vouchers that were
presented before the committee to enable thejn to
reach this precise amount?
Mr. SUMNER. It was the memorial of the
consul with certain papers annexed, certain ac-
counts setting forth the itema of that expenditure.
