604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the affirmative. The amendment is agreed to.
The question now in on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee o( the Whole, as
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. There must be an amendment
made for form's sake, striking out the words "for
extra clerk hire in his office and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, as amended, was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended to read: " A bill for the
relief of Isaac R. Diller." *
FRENCH INTERFERENCE IN MEXICO.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate take up the res-
olutions introduced by me some time since in
regard to our relations with France and Mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. I am very sorry
to interpose an objection to the consideration of
any question otfthis floor, and certainly I am very
sorry to interfere with any desires of i^ie Senator
from California. He will not suspect, I trust, that
I have any feeling in the opposition which I make
to his motion, except that derived from a sense of
public duty. I cannot anticipate what the Sena-
tor proposes to say, except from the resolutions
which he has presented to the Senate. I have
perused those resolutions, and 1 find that they
contain statements of fact and also statements of
principle on the foreign relations of this Govern-
ment, especially involving the relations between
France and Mexico, and the duties of the United
Spates towards those two countries. I must say
frankly that I regret the introduction of those res-
olutions; for I regard them at the best as useless.
If it wore proposed to take them up now merely
to refer them to the appropriate committee, I
should make no objection, though I should think
it much better to let them He on the table; but I
do object to entering into a debate on them at this
time and on two positive reasons.
First, I do not think that in the present condi-
tion of the public business there is any time for
a discussion, which 1 say, on the face of it, and
at the best of it, must be absolutely useless. Is
{he Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] will-
ing to abandon the bankrupt bill which he has
in charge that the Senator from California may
open this debate? Is the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessendrn] willing for the moment to
abandon all the bills which he has in charge? Is
my colleague willing to abandon all the military
bills which he lias in charge? Will the Senate
neglcct the great question of finance, which, of
itself, is enough to absoib all the time that re-
mains to us, both night and day, until the 4th of
March,in order to enterupon a discussion which,
I say in advance, can end in no possible good?
Is the Senate willing, also, to neglect all the mis-
cellaneous business on the table, all the various
executive business which is yet unattended to, in
or^er to follow the lead of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, and enter upon the discussion which he
proposes?
But, sir, if the Senate had abundant time, if it
were a mere debating society and it might select
at will a topic for discussion, I surely should ob-
ject at this moment to a debate which must be not
only useless but worse than useless. I forbeai
from entering into any details at present. I wish
to avoid them unless the df bate should lender it
necessary. I content myself with saying that the
resolutions either mean something or they mean
nothing. If they mean nothing, surely this Sen-
ate will not enter upon their discussion. If they
mean anything, if they are notmere words, words,
words, they mean war, u d this no common war,
but war with a great and adventurous nation,
powerful in fleets' and armies, bound to us by
treatiesand manifold traditions, and still constant
in professions of amity and good will. Sir, have
we not war enough already on our hands without
needlessly and wantonly provoking another? For
myself, I give all that I havn of intellectual action
and of will and of heart to the suppression of this
rebellion ; and never by my consent shall thisSen-
ate enter upon a discussion the first effect of which
will be to give aid and comfort to the rebellion
itself.
I hope, sir, the Senate will not take up the res-
olutions ; and on the question of taking them up,
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it would
seem, as I apprehended, that the Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in this matter has taken
counsel of his fears. He has advised the Senate
in this form of language: " I say this discussion
cannot but be profitless." I suppose the Senator
does not mean more than this, that it is his opin-
ion that it will b£ profitless; and now, as against
his opinion, if it be not anything more than that,
I say I think it will be most profitable. In my
judgment, the only error with which I can be
charged in this matter is, that I did not, at a day
long past, introduce resolutions in substance like
these, and ask for their consideration by the two
Houses of Congress.
Sir, we have grave matters to settle with France;
and when the Senator says that if these resolu-
tions mean anything, they mean a declaration of
war, I say, in my opinion, France is now making
war upon us. Some gentlemen may shut their
eyes to things that are already matters of history.
I think that we, as a part of the Government, and
our people as a nation, should look our present
foreign relations fully, fairly, and boldly in the
face.
When I brought forward these resolutions, I
only expressed in them my own opinions. The
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, is not respons-
ible for that expression. If, upon consideration,
I should stand alone in what I have expressed in
these resolutions, andin what I may express upon
this floor, no other Senator will be responsible.
As the Senator says, here are statements of facts
and here are conclusions from those facts. If I
can establish the facts I affirm as true, and if I can
demonstrate my conclusions to be sound, and
thereby secure the expression of the Senate and
the House of Representatives concurring in the
resolutions I haveadvanced, it will be, I presume,
because it will be the duty of the Senate and the
House of Representatives to do that thing. If I
do not establish the facts, and do not demonstrate
the conclusions, I shall secure no concurrence of
opinion. Perchance I may be wrong both in fact
and in conclusion; perchance the Senator from
Massachusetts can prove to me that I am wrong;
but I say I have a right, as a Senator upon this
floor, to present the resolutions, and to have them
considered. I have a right to his counsel on tins
subject. I have a right to the counsel of other
Senators. It is a grave public question, and it
should be considered and looked fairly in the face.
The Senator undertakes to declare to the Senate,
what the merit of this matter is. He does not
pretend to be familiar with the facts upon which
I base my statement, or with the farts upon which
1 base my conclusion. I-should like to he heard
on the subject. I think it yet m the category of
possibilities that I may prove to the Senator him-
self that I am exactly nght, both'in what 1 assert
in these resolutions, and in what I shall undertake
to maintain beyond them, and that he will say,
even if this amounts to a war with France—
" If it weir done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well
It were done quickly."
I do not think these resolutions amount to a
declaration of war with France. I think I can
maintain that we only ask of France what she has
admitted in her policy and her diplomatic corre-
spondence with this country to be our right.
Sir, i do not believe that any Senator, ignorant
of the facts and the argument, and before they are
presented, has a right to get up and assume that
either the facts are untrue, without himself being
cognizant of the particular facts, or that the con-
clusions are unsound. It is the business of the
Senate, the business of the House of Represent-
atives, the business of persons concerned in this
Government, to inquire into these things. I have
made an inquiry; 1 have asked the consideration
of this subject; and if we are a consulting body,
it is time that it should be consulted about.
Senators have suggested to me that this should
be a matter of discussion in the secret sessions of
the Senate. We have nothing to do with it in the
secret sessions of the Senate. If it be a declara-
tion of war, or if it amounts to that, it belongs to
Congress. If what I have alleged be true, it be-
longs to the whole American nation. All I have
asked is to be heard with regard to grave facts
in which the whole country is concerned, and in
which thatportion of it which I,in part, represent
is most deeply concerned. If I shall demonstrate
to the satisfaction of the gentleman himself that
this is a movement not only upon Mexico, but
upon all our possessions on our western coast, he
may change the impressions of the present hour.
All I have asked is to be heard; and in my hum-
ble judgment I have the right to be heard. I trust
the Senate will dare to look the grave question of
our foreign relations with France and Mexico
fairly, boldly, and openly in the face. I hope the
Senate will not take counsel of its fears.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I, too, hope
that the Senate will dare to do everything that is
right; but 1 hope that the Senate will not dare to
embarrass the Government of the country at this
moment, and to give aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion. I do not mean to say that the Senator means
to give aid and comfort to the rebellion; but I do
say that the very speech which has just fallen
from him to the extent of its influence will give
such aid and comfort. Can any Senator doubt
that all who sympathize with the rebellion will
rejoice to see this Senate undertaking to discuss
the question of peace and war with a great Euro-
pean Power ? Can any one doubt that the rebels
over the way will rejoice and clap their hands
when they hear the tidings ? Sir, I will not give
them any such encouragement. They shall not
have it if it can be prevented by vote or voice of
mine. I, too, sir, am for the freest latitude of
discussion; but I am for the suppression of the
rebellion above and before everything else; and
the desires of the Senator must all yield at this
moment to the patriotic requirements of the coun-
try. There is a time for everything:. There is a
time to weep, and there is a time to laugh. I do
not know that there may not be a time for further
war; but I do say that the duty of statesmanship
here in this Chamber is to set the foot down at
once against any such proposition, which just to
the extent of its recognition must add to our pre-
sent embarrassments.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, of course
I do not desire to pursue a discussion of this kind.
I did not expect any Senator upon this floor would
seek to avoid a discussion on this subject of our
foreign relations. It is, as the Senator has said,
either one of great magnitude, or it is nothing. I
think it might be permitted to me, moving in the
matter, to assume that I understood the purposes
of my movement better than any Senator, a
stranger to the inducements that led to this par-
ticular action. I say to that Senator and to the
Senate now, that I c uld not have been led to in-
troduce these resolu ions or call the attention of
the Senate and the House of Representatives to
the subject if I had not legarded it as a matter of
the first magnitude, equal in magnitude to any-
thing before this Congress; a subject that should
be considered; and I cannot understand by what
rule of sound policy it can now be avoided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on taking up the
resolutions of the Senator from California, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordeied.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold. Carliie, Coliamer, Cowan. Fes-
fi'iidci], Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Hams, Ilendei^on,
IIowu, Kennedy. Lane of Indiana, Lane? of Kan<iw, La-
tham, MeDougall, Morn)I, Nesinith, Pomorov, I'ovvell,
Rice, Richaulson, Saulsbuty, Sherman, Ten Uyck, Turpie,
Wall, and Wilson of Missoun—*29.
NAYS—Anthony,Chandler,Clark, Davi^. Dixon,
Doolittle, Foster, Harlan, Hicks, Howaid, King, Sumner,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wire on of Massachusetts
—16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions sub-
mitted by Mr. McDougall on the 19th of Janu-
ary last:
Resolvedly the Se>wz/c,(the House ofRepretfontatlw: eon
ctnnna,) That the present attempt by the Government o'
Fiance'to subject the republic of Mexico to It r anthoritj
by armed force, is a violation of the established and known
lulc* of international law, and that it is, moroovei. a viola
tion of the faith of France, pledged by the treaty made at
London on the 31st day of October, 1861, between tiie
allied Governments of Spain, Fiance, and JEnirland. com-
municated to this Government over the signatures of the
representatives of the allies, by letter of the 30th day of No-
vember, 1861, and particularly and repeatedly assuied to this
