1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
37th Gong....3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Cravens.
Ho. op Reps.
speedy restoration of the Union. Therefore, in
the State of Indiana there assembled at its capi-
tal, Indianapolis, on the 30th of July, 18G2, by
far the largest meeting that was ever held by that
party in that State, at which were adopted, with
remarkable unanimity, the following resolutions:
3. Thatthe Constitution, the American Union,and the
laws made under and by the authority of the Constitution,
must be preserved and maintained in their pi operand ugh t-
ful supremacy; thatthe rebellion now in ai ins aeamst them
must be supptessed and put down, and that itls the duty
of all good citizens to aid the General Government in all
measutes necessary and pioper to that end.
" 4. Thatthe Democracy of Indiana, with patriots every-
where, have made and vviil continue to make every sac-
rifice to the end that the rebellion may be suppressed, the
supremacy of the Constitution maintained, and the Union
under it pte?eived, but they are unalteiably opposed to a
war of conquest or subjugation, and they will never eon-
sent that the war on their part shall be waged lor the pur-
pose of intei faring with the lights or overthrowing the estab-
lished institutions of any of the Slates. In the ianguasreof
Senator Douglas, uttered at Chicago a few days beioie his
death,' we must not invade constitutional lights. The
innocent inu*t not suffer, nor women and children be the
victims. Savages must not be let loose.''
" 5. That we"protest, in the name of ourselves and of our
children, and in the name of all that we hold dear in the
future of our beloved country, against the mischievous
measure of negro emancipation in the District of Columbia,
and the pavment foi Mich negroes outof the national Treas-
ury; and we Outlier protest against the lesolmionof Con-
fress pledging the nation to pay for all negioes which may
e emancipated by the authoiity of any of the southern
States; that wc regard such measures, involving as they
do an expenditure of ^.oOO.OOO.OOO, as measures of tians-
cendent enonnity, and 1'iuittiil only of national hcgtiaiy to
the land we love; that we are unaJteinbiy and uncondi-
tionally opposed to all schemes having for then object, im-
mediate or remote, the taxation of the white man for the
puiehase of negroes anywhere ; that we deny the consti-
tutional rightot the Ptcsidcnt oi Congre:>s to adopt a pohcj
which tn\'os white labor to pay tor negioes, or which
would make the Government or people slave dealers; a
policy which, if not arrested by the votes of the people, will
entail upon unborn geneiations of our kmdiedadebt mote
ovet whelming and appalling than evercuised any nation of
ancient or modem times.
Thatm opposition tomeasuresofthiskind wo do-iio
to intetpo«e the peaceful and powerful agent, the h/rUot of a
free people, and say, in the language ot another, ' We will
neithei turiender our rights nor torsake them. We will
maintain our constitutional liberty at all hazauls ; and a'-! a
nece^try step towaids that end, wc will maintain the
Union m like manner. We are lor the Constitution as it
i«, and the Union as it was.'
'• 7. That, in the language of the resolution of the conserv-
ative membeis of Congress, the docti ine of the secessionists
arid of the abolitionist*, as the latter are now reniemitted
in Congress, arc alike inconsistent with the Oon>titution,
and n reconcilable with the unity and peace oft lie count ly.
The first have alieady involved us in a civil war, and tiie
othets (the abolitionists) will leave to the country but little
hope ot tiie speedy restoration ot the Union or peace.
" 8. That this convention denounces, as unwise and
unpatriotic, all oiganizations. scciet or open, having ior
ther object the nuUifteatio-i of, oi resistance to, the Jaws of
tiie State or of the United States—that oppressive laws and
unwise lei i>lation find then proper correction only at the
ballot-box', wheie a change ot legislators will pioduce the
wished for reform of bad and odious laws, and to that tri-
bunal only will the patiiot resort in this hour of lu> eoun-
tiy's trial. We hold sacred and binding evety enactment
till repealed or declared nugatory by competent legal au-
thority.
" 9. That the happy accord ofthe border State Union men
of Kentucky, Mai viand, Mis^oun. and Western Vnginia,
with the Dcinociatic delegations in Congress, in thenjomt
efforts to aires! the tide ol fanaticism in both Houses, has
filled all national hearts in this State with sentiments of
deep affection ior our brethren of those gallant Common-
wealths; and we hcieby pledge to them and the country our
ben efforts to -ecure to the councils ofthe nation statesmen
who will labor to icstore the Union ofthe States on the basis
and in the >piritof oiu inatchlessand revered Constitution.
" 10 That the people of Indiana, having inhibited, by
the State constitution and law, the entrance of ft ee negroes
and mulattoes into this state, and as the present distuib-
ance-* on our hordes aie likely to bring in an influx of that
population from neighbours States, we respectfully ask the
public authoiitie- of Indiana to see that the constitution
and laws are properly enforced on that subject. When the
people of Indiana adopted that negro exclusion clause by a
majority of ninety-four thousand vote<?, they meant that the
honest laboring white man should have no competitor in
the black i .toe ; thai the >oil of Indiana should belong to
the wh.te man, and that he alone was suited to hei tree
institutions.
" 11. That the people justly view with alarm the reckless
extravagance vvhtch pervades every department of the Fed-
eral Government ; that a icturn to rigid economy and ae-
' countability is independable to arrest the systematic plun-
der of the public TreaMiiy by favored partisans, while the
recent startling developments oi frauds and corruptions at
the Federal metropolis >how that an entire change of ad-
ministration is imperatively demanded.
" 15. That we approve of and indorse the resolutions
drawn by Don John J. Crittenden, and adopted by the
conservative members ofCongiesson the28th day ofJune,
JSb2, as a clear and just declruation of the objects winch
ought to be had in view by the American people in the
ptesent fearful cmetgency of their national afians.
" 13. That we recur with patiionc pride to the bravery
and valoiof the officers and soidicisof all the Indiana regi-
ments, exhibited in the stiuggles upon the many bloody
fields in which they have been engaged, and that this con-
vention. in behalf ot the Demociacy of this State, tender
them a united testimony to their valor and devotion to the
Constitution and the Union, and oifer to the friends and
families ot tho^e who have fallen in the seiviee of their
country its sincere s\ mpathy andcondolence, and that they
will ever cheu-li in giateful recollection the willing sacri-
fices made by the noble sons of Indiana, in exchanging the
peaceful avocations ot life for the hardships and penis of
war."
Upon this platform of principles the Democracy
of Indiana went into the last canvass, and were
triumphantly sustained at the ballot-box; and I
have no doubt that the Democracy of Ohio, Illi-
nois, Pennsylvania, and New York occupied the
same ground.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, Do not forget gallant little
New Jersey.
Mr. CRAVENS. No, sir; I never shall forget
her; for she did her duty nobly in supporting the
Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman speaks of these
resolutions as being the platform on which the
Democracy of Pennsylvania stand. I hold in my
hand the report of a speech delivered before the
Democracy in my district, which differs some-
what from that; and I wish the gentleman to have
it read. It is the voice of a leader of the Democ-
racy in Pennsylvania.
Mr. CRAVENS. I should be glad to indulge
the gentleman with an explanation of the position
of the Democracy of his district. I have no doubt
that the Democracy of his State are fully compe-
tent to represent the sentiment of the organization
within that State. lam not aware that there is
now any conflict of opinion in regard to the great
principles of the national Democracy, as repre-
sented by the several State conventions in the
Suites that held elections last fall.
Mr. DAViS. Does the gentleman decline to
allow this paper to be lead?
Mr. CRAVENS. Yes, sir. I cannot accom-
modate the gentleman on this occasion. It is not
the platform of the Democracy of his State that
lie proposes to have read. But, in order that there
may be no misapprehension on the subject will
call the attention of the House to an extract from
the addiess of certain Democratic members of
this Congress, in exposition of the history and
principles of the Democratic party. It is as fol-
lows:
,;fs tlv policy or the Dcmociatic party wrong, that it
shouid be disbanded ?
" Its policy is consistent with its principles, and may be
summed up, )tom the beginning, as follows: The support
of liberty as against powei ; ofthe people as agam&r their
agents and servants ; and of State lights a.- agauM consol-
idation and centralized despotism ; a simple jrovernment;
no public debt; low taxes; no high, piotective tanlh no
gcneial system of internal impto\< mr nts by fed<>ial au-
thority: no national hank* haul money foi the fedeial
public dues; no assumption of cUate debts; expan'ionof
temtory; sell government lor the Teniiories, subject only
to the Constitution; tho absolute compatibility ot a union
of the States, 'patt slave and pait lice;' the admi<MOii
of new States, with or without slavery, as they may elect;
non-intctfcierice by the Federal Government wish slaverv
m State and Teiritoiy. or in the District of Columbia;
and, finally, as set foith in the Cincinnati platform, m
18.')6, and reaffirmed in 1SG0, nb-olufe and eternal 'iepu~
diation of ail t-eeuonal paities and platfoims concerning
domestic slavety which «oek to embioil the Stale* and in-
cite to treason and armed resistance to law in the Tertito-
ries, and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must
end in civil war and disunion '
"Such was the ancient and the recent policy of the Dem-
ocratic party, tunning through a period of sixty yeai-—a
policy consistent with the principle of the Constitution,
and absolutely essential to the pieaeivation of Ihe Union."
Sk Docs the histoiy of the Deinociatic party ptove that it
Oiicrht to be abandoned: * By their flints shall ye know
them.' Sectional parties do not achieve Union ttiutuphs.
Foi sixty years, from the inauguration of Jef]ei*on on the
4th ofM'ni'eh, 1^01. the Detnoeiat partv, with short inter-
val-, controlled the power undthi poucj oiihe Federal Gov-
ernment. Fot forty-eight years out ot thc-e sixty Demo-
cratic men i tiled the country ; ior fifty-foui years and eight
months the Democratic policy prevailed. During this pe-
uod, Louisiana. Florida. Texas, Now Mexico, and Califor-
nia were successively annexed to mil territory, ^vith an area
mote than twice a< large as all the origina' thirteen Stales
focethet. Eisht n«'W State? were admitted under strictly
Democratic administrations—one under the admini«tiation i
ot Fiihijoie. From five millions, tne population inciea-ed .
to flinty-one millions. The revolutionaiy debt wa- e\tm- ;
gui-hcd. Two foreign wars were successfully prosecuted, ■
with a modetate outlay and a small Aimy and Xavv, and
without the suspension of the habeas corpus ; without one
mir.iction of the Constitution ; without one usuipation of'
power; without suppressing a sin«b> newspapei : without
impri*>omngasingIe editoi; Witliout limittothe fieedomof
the press or of speech m or out of Congress, hut in the
midst of the grossest abuse of both ; and without the arrest
of a single 4 traitor,'though the Hartford convention sat
during one of the wars, and in the other Senator* invited
the enemy to •' greet our volunteers with bloody hands and
wclcomc them to hospitable graves.'
During all this time wealth increased, business of all
kinds multiplied, prosperity smiled on evoiy side, taxes
wete low, wages were high, the Noith and the South i'm-
nished a maiket for each other's products at good prices;
public liberty wan secure, private rights undistmbed ; evcr£
man's house vvas his castle; the courts weie open to all;
no pa*sports for travel, no secret police, no spies, no in-
formeis, no bastiles; the light to assemble peaceably; the
right to petition ; freedom of religion, freedom of speech, a
fiee ballot, and afreeptess: and all this time the Constitu-
tion maintained, and the union ofthe States preaeived."
These are some of the results of the policy of
this great national party which for the last sixty-
odd years has controlled the destinies of the coun-
try. Other political parties have arisen, assailed
the Democratic party, and been defeated, one after
another, by the voice ofthe people. Among them
was the old national Whig party. Would to God
that party was in existence to-day, that the De-
mocracy mightcrossswords withafoeman worthy
of their steel!
Mr. WADSWORTH. Let me tell the gentle-
man from Indiana, that if the gallant Whig party
were now in existence in its pride and strength,
instead of crossing swords with the national De-
mocratic party, it would clasp hands with it as
the people of Indiana and Kentucky do to-day in
defense of our Government.
Mr. CRAVENS. Sir, I know that. I know
that the remnant of that party is to-day fi^hiing
side by side with the national Democracy. Would
that to-day the voices of Webster and Clay could
be heard as in times past in these halls, inspiting
their countrymen to a truer devotion to the cause
of constitutional liberty! Then indeed might, our
people have a well-grounded hope for a speedy re-
turn of peace.
But, Mr. Chairman, let me return to the radi-
cal measures inaugurated by this Administration,
to which the Democratic party has placed itself
in opposition. I repeat, that not one of them can
be justified upon the plea of military necessity.
Who believes that the confiscation and emancipa-
tion measures passed at the last session of Con-
gress—a confiscation measure more sweeping than
that which in France, in 1798, uprooted the whole
structure of human society—who believes that
such measures will aid the restoration of the Union?
We believe that such measures are unwise in then*
conception, and impracticable in their execution;
and if they could be carried out, would result :n
the worst of consequences. In the State of Indiana
we are satisfied with our free institutions, and we
have no desire to interfere with the institutions of
our southern brethren. We have lived for many
years with them, each pursuing its own path of
inteiest and prosperity, in the most cordial and
fnendly relations. We have minded our own
business, and have not interfered with what was
clearly their domestic concern. It was a wise and
a just policy; and if it had been pursued through-
out the length and breadth of the land, we might
to-day have been a united and happy people.
Let us for a moment look at some of the results
of the general and immediate emancipation of four
million slaves. We have a constitutional provis-
ion in Indiana prohibiting the immigration of free
negroes into that State, and I have no doubt that
before the adjournment of the next Legislature
they will make statutory provisions sti!! more
stringent in view of the probable carrying; out of
this policy. I know that the instincts of the peo-
ple are against receiving them into their midst.
We feel that we are notresponsible for their main-
tenance as they now are. We fear, notwithst? jd-
mg any statutory provision we may enact that
these millions of enfranchised slaves wiil come in
ci owds into every community; come into compe-
tition with our white labor, and burden us with
their support. It is not an imaginary fear, as tho
President would have us believe, but a stern re-
ality. The few contrabands now under the care
of the Government have entailed upon itjmmense
expense. This emancipation measure seems to
contemplate the buistmg up of the old lelations
of society that have Ion? existed in the southern
States. In the border States of Maryland, Vir-
ginia, Kentucky,Tennessee,and Missouri, where
the slaves are few, they are comparatively happy,
and their attachment to those charged with their
protection is strong. There are among them tho
