THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, corrected the bill by striking out the word
"contest,"and inserting the word 44 contract" in
lieu thereof.
The SPEAKER. The bill is -on its third
reading.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand one
or two gentlemen have amendments they desire
to submit, and I will yield for that purpose. We
otxght, if the House is so disposed, to have a vote
on the bill to-day. So many other matters are
pressing for consideration, that I think the bill
ought to be disposed of in the morning hour, if it
can be without improper haste.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. In section four, lines four-
teen and fifteen, I move to strike out the words,
"mesne process, attachment, or."
Mr. Speaker, as the bill now -stands, any per-
son who may be arrested, or whose property may
be attached by mesne process, may be forced into
bankruptcy without his consent. 1 trust, if he
be arrested on suit brought, that he will have an
opportunity of defense. It would be unjust to
force him into bankruptcy.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 have but one
objection to that amendment. In framing the bill
the intention was to insei t provisions for the ben-
efit of creditors as well as of debtors. The object
of the amendment is to exempt from compulsory
proceedings such men as have allowed their prop-
erty to be attached or seized by virtue of mesne
process, and it proposes to confine compulsory
proceedings to that class whose property is sub-
ject to final judgment. The question is, whether
the bill shall be rigorous against debtors and ef-
fectual for creditors in this respect, or whethel* it
shall be relaxed.
Mr. PORTER moved to amend by striking out
the word "execution."
Mr. SHEFFIELD asked that the section be
read as it would be if the amendments were
adopted.
The Clerk read as follows; the words pro-
posed to be stricken out are in brackets:
Sec. 4. Ami be it furtha cnactcd, That any person resid-
ing and awing debts as aforesaid, who, surer the passage ot
this? act, shall depart fiom the State, Dibttict, or Teirttory
of which lie h an inhabitant, with intent to detrain! hid
creduors, or, hem-: absent,.-.hall, with '«ueh intent, temain
ab-entj or bhnll eoiict al luniM'lf to avoid the scivice of
legal process in any action l'o> the leeovory of a debt or de-
mand provable under this act; or shall conceal or remove
any ot hH property to avoid its being attached, taken, or
sequestered on legal ptoccst*; or sli.il] make any assign-
ment, cift, sale, conveyance, ortransterot'his estate,prop-
erty, riizhts, or credit*, either within the United States or
elsewhere, with intent to delay, dcfiaud, or hiudei his
eri'ditois-; or who ha* be -n airo-ied, oi his property seized,
attached, h-vted on, oi taken, undei or bv vntueot'fmesne
pioco-^, atta'iunent, or ••\ortiuon] is-ned out of any com t
of any State, District, or Tejntorv, wilhin winch Mich
debtor leside.s or ha-* piopeity, lounded upon a demand in
it-* nature provable again-t a bankiuptS estate under tIn-
ner, and ioi a sum e<ceeedin:r $10J, and such pioce-s is le-
mauiui" in foice ami n<u di-ch,ugcd l>y payment, or in any
other manner provided by the law of Mich State, JDistiict, or
Temtory, applicable thcieto, &e.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Indiana will sec that his amendment makes
nonsense of the section, and therefore I decline to
yield for it.
Mr. PORTER. I desire to offer an amendment
to the fouith section, by striking out all from the
word "or," in the thirteenth line, to the word
" thereto," in line twenty-two, both inclusive, as
follows:
Oi who has been arretted, or his property seized, at-
tached, levied on, or taken, under or by virtue of mesne
process, attachment, m execution. issued out  >f any court
of any State, Distnct, or Territory, within which such
debtoi resides or has property, founded upon a demand in
its iwiture provable again^ta bankrupt's estate under this act,
and for a Mttn exceeding "§iUO, and such process is remain-
ing la force and notdischarged by payment, or in any other
manner provided by the law of such State, District, or Ter-
ritoiy, applicable thereto.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannot yield
for that purpose.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Will the gentle-
man from New York yield to me ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING For what pur-
pose ?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I wish to make
some remarks upon the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand my
friend from Maine desires to make some remarks
at length upon the bill.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Only thirty minutes.
^ Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Thirty minutes
is some time under the circumstances. After the
morning hour expires a motion to go to the Speak-
er's table will be in order, and I think we ought
to take a vote now, unless the gentleman specially
desires to be heard. I would suggest that he print
his remarks.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. lam much obliged
to the gentleman for his suggestion, but I feel some
interest in this bill, and do not often occupy the
floor of the House. I would like an opportunity
to speak upon the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to ac-
commodate the gentleman as far as I have the
power, but I do not think that he, as a friend of
the bill, ought to desire to prevent a vote to-day
if one can be had.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say to the gentleman from New York that I de-
sire to offer an amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. To what section ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
intend to vote for the bill, but I wish to insert a
provision for the appointmentof bankruptjudges
for the district of Massachusetts and southern
New York. '
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I decline to yield
for that amendment. It certainly does not belong
'to this section.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman having charge of this bill whether
he designs that there shall be discussion upon it?
1 intend myself to vote against the bill, and I in-
tended to make some remarks upon it. I am not
anxious that the time of the House shall be con-
sumed on this matter; but I desire to know
whether a vote is to be taken without discussion ?
If there is to be discussion, I shall have some re-
marks to make in opposition to the measure.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I think that the
brevity of the session and the condition of busi-
ness require that we should vote upon this bill
to-day. The gentleman from Illinois moved the
other day to lay the bill upon the table, with a
view to cut off debate, when there was room and
verge enough to discuss it; and he even refused
to allow mo, when he had the door, to say that if
the motion did not prevail I would move to post-
pone it until a convenient day. Therefore he will
observe that we are m a short cornet now, quite
as much by his motion as fur any other reason.
I would, nevertheless, like to accommodate the
gentleman, but I think we ought to vote upon the
bill to-day-
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I only desire to
know the gentleman's intention; lam asking no
favors.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow me to express my disposition
to oblige him, even if he does not ask it.
Mr. PORTER. 1 ask the gentleman from New
Yoik 
Mr, ROSCOE CONKLING. What does the
gentleman desire ?
Mr. PORTER. I trust the gentleman from
New York will not attempt to enforce the pre-
vious question upon this bill. No more important
bill has been before the Mouse during the present
session. I think it can be demonstrated that this
bill is a direct attack by Wall street upon the
West, and that no western man who votes for it
can sustain himself at home. I desire to be heard
upon it. { want to know if theie is 
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I decline to yield
for the gentleman to proceed any further. I paused
to ask the gentleman the purpose for which he
asked me to yield, and he proceeds to deliver a
tirade against this bill; and as that is the only in-
formation he gives me of the purposes for which
he desired me to yield I decline.
Mr. ARNOLD. As a friend of this bill I de-
sire to ask the gentleman who has chaige of it to
bring it to a vote now, as I believe any consider-
able delay will endanger the passage of the bill.
It has been very much discussed and considered
already, and though I should be glad to be heard
I prefer to have a vote upon it. I intend to vote
for the bill, and desire that the vote shall betaken
at an early hour, because, with the amount of
business there is upon the Calendar and the short
time remaining of the session, in my judgment,
unless an early vote can be bad the bill cannot be
passed this session.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. In accordance
with the suggestion made by the gentleman from
Illinois, I want to remind the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Porter,] and other gentlemen, of
the history of the bill. It was reported, it will be
remembered, very long ago; it has been printed
three times by older of the Mouse, with a large
number of extra copies. It has been postponed
over and over again, and,as some gentlemen has
said, it is a subject to which a gieat deal of atten-
tion has been drawn, and really the details of tho
measure are not likely to control the vote which
any gentleman will give.
Therefore it seems to me, as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Arnold] says, to suffer the bill to
drift still further is tantamount to its defeat; and
I think it is due to the thousands of petitioners
here that, whether for or against it, we should
have a squaie vote. If the House is against the
bill, very well; *if a majority of the-'House is for
it, let us send it to the Senate, and give them some
opportunity to act upon it.
Now, if I can have a vote upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Island I shall
be glad to have it, and I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay
the bill and amendment upon the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Illinois has not the floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yotk cannot hold the floor after yielding it for a
vote.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I rise to a
question of order. That exact motion has been
made once before when the bill was in the present
stage.
The SPEAKER. An amendment has since
been offered.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The Chair is
correct.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I demand tho yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and H was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 5:2; as follows:
YEAS—Me<sr« William Allen. William .1. Mien, An-
cona, Babbitt, Hatty, Bingham, Jacob B Blair. Blake, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Butiinton, Calvei t. Cobb, Fiedoiick A.
Conk ling, lto-co<: Con klins, (haven - , Ci i-MiHd, Cmtenden,
Cutler, Davvc*, Delano, fidget-ton. Edwards. Eliot, Gooch,
Gridcr, Hall, Harding, Hairison, Ilolman, Johnson, Wil-
liam Kellogg. Law, Loomis, McPhei&on, Mallon, Mars-
ton, May, Mayuaid, Menzio*. Mitchell, .Mom head, No-
ble, Norton, Porter, Pi ice, llobin^on. Edwaid H. Rollins,
i Sherman, Stevens, Stile4?, Benjamin F Thomas, Tumble,
' Vibbard, Wadswortti, Wall, Wallace, Albeit S. White,
Wick I itt'e, Worcester, Wnght. and Y en man—61.
NAYS—Messi-. Aldrich, Arnold, A.-hley, Baker, Baxter,
Claik, Colfax, Conway. Davn, Diven, Dunn, Thomas A.
I) Fes&enden, I'Vhei, Fianchot. Goodwin, Gianger, Gur-
Icy. llaight, Hooper, Julian, Kellcv, Fmiici- W. Kellogg,
Lansing, Lehman, Lovejov, Low, Mclndue. Melveati, Mc-
Kmght. Justin S. Slorrill, Odell, Oho,Timothy <J I help*,
Ptke, Pmneioy, Potter, John fi. ltiee, Riddle, Saigent,
Sedgwick, Ses/ar, Sheffield, Shellabargcr, Sloan, SpauUl
ing, Fiancis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Walker,
Whe.-Ier, Windom, and Wood—5:2.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the vote.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, .stated that Mr.
Kxapp was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. CllAYENS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Voorhees, was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM and Mr. SHANKS
who were absent when their names were called,
stated that had they been m their seats, they
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL, Mr. NIXON, Mr. FEN-
TON, Mr. LEARY, and Mr, HUTCH INS, who
were absent when their names were called, stated
that had they been in their seats, they would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay
that motion on the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona. Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Calvert, Chamber-
lain, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittend<-n,
Cutler, Dawp«, Delano, Edgerton, Eliot, Gooch, Grider,
Hale, Hall, Harding, Ham-on, Holman, Johnson, William
Kellogg, Law, Lazear, Loomis, McPherson, Mallory.May,
Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Mori ill,
ISToble, Noell, Norton, Poiter, Price, Robinson, Edward II.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Shanks, Sherman, SlneL Sules,
BenjatnnrF. Thomas, Trimble, Vallandigham, Vibbard,
