1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
37tii Coxg....3d Sess.
The Jiebellion—Mr. Orider.
Ho. op Reps.
policy? We must cling together as the Consti-
tution has uniti-d us, to the intent, at all events, of
suppressing this rebellion ! Yes, the Constitution
is the great sun that must light our path every
step we take; and whoever casts his shadow over
this light is recreant to his duty, to his patriotic
obligations.
We derive our authority to suppress this rebel-
lion from the Constitution alone; and in this and
everything else we must obey its behests. Con-
gress shall have power " to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion." This
is the source of our power; it contemplates none
but such persons as are enrolled in the militia of
the Government. These are ample and redundant.
It contemplates no collateral support, no ingraft-
ing on other subjects, embanassing and not ne-
cessary to the chief purpose, but a united j general
movement to one single end. This is what we first
proposed; this is what we called out the mihtiafor;
and about which all agreed. Bat this rebellion in
your hands is now giving new form to itself, and
presenting, incidentally, questions as distracting
and more complicated than the rebellion itself—in-
fringing the Constitution and violating the popular
will. Youradditional article of war has been far
more prolific of evil than good—produced conflicts
and distractions where there ought to have been
concord and peace. Your confiscation bill has
incitcd those traitorous to the Government to re-
assume spirit and determination for resistance to
the laws. Every departure from our original res-
olution but protracts the continuous effort of the
rebels to overthrow our glorious institutions; and
so it will be as long as this policy is enlarged and
extended, and you diverge from your original
purpose. When (here is a great end to be accom-
plished there must be a steady aim; united, vigor-
ous effort; no vacillating policy—less and inci-
dental questions, even if they were ever so merito-
nous, must be postponed to take caie of them-
selves or to more suitable times. You must strike
this lebelhon with a strong arm, seize this Samson
before lie grapples the pillais of our temple, and
in Lis giant steps pulls down upon our heads the
magnificent structure consecrated by a thousand
memories, and dear to patriotism as life.
I believe in all the land, without any abatement
of patriotism or determination, the utmost anxiety
is constantly felt by the truly loyal that this in-
Miirection shall be overcome, and peace, with its
rich blessings, once moie overspread the whole
land. If gentlemen here had felt the pangs of this
rebellion, tasted its bitter fruits, and looked upon
Jrs desolations as my constituents have, deep and
earnest would be their solicitude. Overrun and
spoiled by the rebels; plundered by guerrillas; yes,
and even by some of our own tioopsin theineck-
'essness, want of punciple and discipline. Much
wrong andcryinginjunes have been inflicted upon
our citizens, loo glai ing, illegal, and wicked to be
now stated, but muM be made known to the Gov-
ernment in form to be .speedily icpaired and full
indemnity made. Some mode to reach this result
we have been now two sessions seeking; and I
trust some agency mm e convenient and expedi-
tious than now exists, and suited to the emergency,
will soon be reported by the committee in charge
of the subject, and adopted by law. When that
report is made, we shall ask an opportunity to
commend it to the justice of the House. Mr.Chair-
man, what is our true condition, our trueielations?
We began this war to rsuppioss the insurrection.
"We have been sum momngour energies and powei s
to this one end. "We have raised an immense, an in-
vincible Army, provided a great Xavy to suppress :
tins insurrection, and fur no other purpose. We :
have created a debt of some million dollars, and ;
it is rapidly increasing. Oiu resouices, however, !
we believe nre ample, and wilt never be exhausted I
orour creditfdil while we aie engaged for the life !
of the Government. >
What, then, is-wanted but the concentrated and !
united application of these means and resources ■
to the one great end? The patriotism and valor |
of the people and tiio soldiery have not faltered I
under the desolations of the war, nor staggered !
under the weight of taxation. The casualties of J
war have subjected us to defeat; but we, too, have !
had our victories. Our Army has borne our flag j
iu triumph wherever they have been placed upon !
equal chances, and not thwarted by political in-
termeddling. Sir, 1 called your attention to the
resolution i have quoted; upon those principles
the country expected the suppression of this le-
belhon. They point out the true and right course
to accomplish an end so ardently looked for and
desired. Whatever failure so far may have ob-
tained, nothing can be traced to these principles,
nothing to the people, nothing to the soldiery.
You must look for the cause in some practical
error. Pour hundred thousand men of your
Army, citizens, enlightened men, have been re-
cently enlisted expressly upon these principles,
and with no view to a change of action or pur-
pose, or of contributing to other ends and other
policies. After all we have heard from the highest
authorities of the civil and military departments
of the Government, and repeated to the country,
to change the policy and end'of our action would
be a fraud upon all, and disastrous to our hopes of
a speedy conquest and returning peace. I protest
against this war being diverted from its original
and constitutional purpose—the suppression of
the insurrection. No inteifercncc "with the
rights or established institutions of any of the
►States, free or slave, but to defend and maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution and preserve
the Union." We every one voted for this prop-
osition. It is still right; how, then, have these
words lost their symphony to some gentlemen m
this House? Is it because some other great ques-
tion is to supersede and become paramount even
to this fearful question of life and death to consti-
tutional liberty?
And now, at this stage of our action—in the
light of the past, in this age of our history; in |uch
a crisis as this—must the question of the extin-
guishment of African slavery be forced upon the
country ? This is certainly unwise and dangerous.
We have a fearful task before us in this insurrec-
tion. ISTo one doubts that it will besubdued^ Why,
then, thrust this vexatious subject of slavery be-
fore the country, under the pretense that it is an
auxiliary element to suppiess the msutreotiun:
The Constitution in all its force, the Union in us
broadest compass, and the institution of slavery
are not incompatible; they can exist together in
harmony; any other assumption is not true. "The
irrepiessible conflict," in sound reason, constitu-
tional law, and our history, is false—false to the
generous sympathies of the sober-minded patriot
whose heart encompasses his whole country, and
his philanthropy his whole race. It may be to
agitatois, politicians, who have adopted this fun- ;i
damental cnor. And these au: they, and their an- :j
tagonists, who have, by selfish and partisan out- J
cry and action, madly unsettled, for the time, the j|
harmony of oui institutions. Theie is no inher- ;!
ent quality in the institution of slavery to distuib i!
the rightaction of the Government in all its grants i|
and icstrictions. Slaveiy was no cause of this j;
war, and the war affords no reason why itshould ;i
now, incidentally or directly, be assailed. This |j
supposition never would have obtained, had not ,j
evil men, politicians, and sectional jealousies, jj
forced upon Congicws incidentally what belonged I1
exclusively to the States and Territories. I am !<
sustained in this from our eaily history,and,when !|
kept in good faith, the Missouri compromise.
Then the passions and aspirationsof bad men were
restiairied by public sentiment, and the sections , 
kept in peaceful and kind relations, so that, in my !i
judgment, it is all a futile, weak assumption—a ;;
new device to change the whole object of the war j'
and the end to be obtained by it. We have noth- b
ing to do but suppress the insurrection; and this !'
we intend to do at all luizaid*.
Let the slavery question Mono. When you sup- !|
press the rebellion, everything will i evi \ e—ail the ;!
agencies of the Government be lecupeiative, re- !
sunie their former action, regardless alike of the 1
rebels and abolitionists. I fear great evils will • ,
result ft om excitement and agitation, if you press, !i
in the form of proclamations, the si.a ei y question
before the c.ouuci y. ft w ill not alfeot uiv cState or
district, except incidentally, w Inch jt has already
done, 1 hope, to the Jull extent of its influence
for evil; but still it is a question of momentous
import to all. Eleven States have seceded. They
did it wickedly, Ctheir leaders,) knowing then
they could get and have secure all their consti-
tutional rifflus iu the Government. Thev them-
! selves had the power in Congress, but wished to
I have a sepaiate government, divide the Union,
j and become rebels. They acted. Their action,
to every legal intent, was null and void. They
plundered the property of our Government, and
levied war against us; and it is now our task to
bring them back to their allegiance and obedience
to the law. I read from the opinion of Judge
Comstock:
" We hold that States cannot withdraw, anv more than a
planet can forsake the oibit around the sun; iliat by adopt-
in? the Constitution their Situation in political society be-
comes llxed m the Union forever. The armed in«ui icction
; nun be put down by ainn. That being done, the judicial
; pcwi-t of iho Government le-umrs its swav,and thcofieud-
. m<* per-ons may be it<*btfuliv attested, indicted, tried, and
eonvieted of ln^uueetion ; fm this the Constitution iNelf
i has pjovuled. The President cannot punish, nor can Con-
! pies.- punish. The judiciary alone ean punish bj death,
unpi isonment. or confiscation ; but this lequncs tuai and
■ the veidiet of a jury. This, is the whole status of the
! rebellion.5'
j Again:
j <c The States aie ahvavs members of the Union under the
I Constitution, with all the rights and immnmuesietoi ved in
j the compact; the mined insurrection of individual* being
suppte-^ed, the Constitution and laws le.suine their peace-
ful sway, the Union lemains unbroken, and all the laws
and institutions of slavery leniain as they were before,
unimpaired, and iu full/orcc and vigor."
Nothing can be effected to suppress the insur-
rection by proclamation, nor to emancipate slaves,
except by the wrongful collision and abrasion
growing out of the excitement. There is no grant
of power to the Federal authority or any of its
departments, under any pretense or form, to ex-
tinguish African slavery in any way, anywhere,
now existing, by any right action of the General
Government; especially by attempting to operate
upon sections and States and not upon individuals:
nor can you operate upon individuals indiscrim-
inately loyal and disloyal, guilty and not guilty,
without a trial, "for no man shall be deprived of
his pioperty without due process of law."
No one will pretend that the Constitution gives
power to operate indiscriminately upon bodies of
men or citizens except to enforce the laws or sup-
press rebellion ngainst those in arms, their aiders
and abettors. Our distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has said he would
not stultify himself by claiming such power, but
others—lighter artillery—have forted themselves
under this power, derived, as they claim and sup
pose, from part of the fiist article of the eighth
section of the Constitution of the United States,
in these words, " provide for the general defense
and welfare of the United States.5' But how?
Alone by laying and collecting taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises. For what ? To pay the debts,
and thereby provide for the common defense and
general welfare. The grant is specific, not gen-
eral. We aie told in it what Congress may do;
and nothing is left to implication or construction.
The distinguished patriot and orator of Virginia,
himself an emancipationist in feeling, opposed to
the Federal Constitution, suggeskd, and enter-
tained, perhaps, some of the views now urg< d
under this general clause of the Constitution, and
predicted such a construction would he attempted
for the purpose of emancipation , and said upon
that subject, among other things:
'•'As mii'-h 1 deploie slave})-, I see !hat piedenee for
bids if- abolition. I deny th.it the Ueneial Government
ouabt to <et them I tee. because a majei itv oi ihe State- have
not the t u", oi s\ mp.uhy ami fellow tec Inn* lot llio^e wlio-c
interest would bo afiected by thejr emancipation. The
mniont) of Congiesa j-5 to the Nonh and the slaves to the
South.
" Hut is it ptaetteable by any human means to liberate
thrin w nhout pt xlneuiff the m<M di e.idlul and ruinous con-
<-equ< ne- -We ought to p.i -e^ ihem in the manner we
inheiifd them liom out att<>e«.foi-=, rw then manumission is
incompatible with the iVLrit\ of oui eomitry."
In reply to the assumption of power under the
general clause of the Constitution, of the nrstarti-
cle, eighth section, Governor Randolph said:
" \o man who tead' <t can ^ay il is genctal. a* the hon-
oiable uentlem.iu u i>te-ei,t.<. Vou mo -r violate every rule
oi conduction ai.rl common sen-e u ^ou -."vet it ftomthc
p;>\wi or' monrn, and annex. jttoamthnig else iu
oui- r n> in.iSve ,t ih.it ilnm.dable powei which it is lepie-
sented to be "
Air. Madison confirmed all tho^e views when he
said:
•* Tiled" those that ta'ified the Constitution conceived that
tins h not au indefinite Cov.-inmeut, deuviin* Hi poweis*
iioin the gorieral lam- pt,'lived to the specified powers,
but a Jnnitud Government, tied down to the 1 ppeiJi«--d pow-
ers which explain and define the general term*.'5
