0,98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,:
of tin4 United States, with tin amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute.
Mr. W"ASH B U RN E. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McPherson] if his substitute
overslaughs Colonel Andrews, the present acting
Paymaster General?
The SPEAKER. Discussion of the bill is not
in order until it shall have been read.
Mr. McPHERSON. There is a report accom-
panying the bill; and, if the gentleman desires, the
report can be read.
The substitute was read. It authorizes the
President, in filling the existing vacancy in the
office of Paymaster General, to select that officer
from the officers of the pay department, or from
the additional paymasters of the volunteer ser-
vice, without regard to rank, but with sole regard
to qualifications; and it directs that the Paymaster
General to be appointed shall have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a brigadier general.
Mr. McPHERSON. The bill on this subject
which was introduced and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, was found, on exam-
ination, to be a bill proposing an entire reorgani-
zation and very large increase of the pay depart-
ment. On an investigation of the subject it was
thought unnecessary to make this increase. But
inasmuch as Congress at last session enacted that
the heads of various bureaus in the military ser-
vice should be brigadier general's, it was deemed
just that the chief of the pay department should
have the same rank. As the law now stands, the
head of all the military departments, except of
the pay and commissary departments, is a brig-
adier, and there is a bill before the House to make
the chief of the commissary df^partinent also a
brigadier. It is well known to those who are fa-
miliar with the subject that I resisted this increase
of lank; but as the principle has obtained the
sanction of both Houses of Congress, I do not
think it fair to deprive the pay department of it.
I consent to this the more willingly because it
really does not involve any increase of pay, and
fortius reason: under existing laws the head of
the pay department, being a colonel, is entitled
to a service ration. The addition to his pay by
virtue of that service ration brings his pay as col-
onel up, or nearly so, to the pay of a brigadier
general,as the latter has no service ration. "This
legislation merely equalizes in rank the heads of
the various departments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania must know that his
bill is a very important one, reorganizing, as it
does, the p:\y department ofthe Army.
Mr. McPHERSON. It does not reorganize it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It makes a partial re-
organization.
Air. McPIl ERSON. It proposes one change.
Air. WASHBURNE. That change is, to a
grc.it extent, a remganization. I hope he will
not ptess it at this time.
Air. McPHERSON. I do not desire to press
it unduly, but 1 will make an explanation of it.
There is an additional featuie m the bill to which
I ask attention. The President is authorized, in
filling the existing vacancy in the office of Pay-
master General, to select, either from the regular
pay corps of the Army, or from the additional
paymasters ofthe volunteer service, a person with
sole regard to qualifications, and without regard
to exisun^ iank. Tins is not a new featuie. We
embodied um our legislation of last session, con-
cerning -v\nal departments of the Army. When
we piovuled for tiie enlargement of the medical
department,and theconfemngofthe tank ofbrig-
adior general on its chief, we directed that that
officer should be selected either from the medical
corps or from the volunteei smgeons, - So with
regard to the organization of other bureaus. The
same piineiple was embodied ni the bills concern-
ing them.
( suppose, Mr. Speaker, that it is unnecessary
to dis<-usf- this piineiple, because it has been ap-
proved by both branches of Congress on several
occasions; and 1 do not propose to say anything
more about'm except that it merely widens the
range of selection, giving the Piesident the oppor-
tunity of .selecting the most mmnctcnt man for
tbis position. Under existing laws the promotion
goes by seniority, and the officer next m rank
would necessarily be the Pay master General, with-
out regard to qualifications. 1 am not prepared,
nor is it necessary, to express nn opinion as to the
fitness of the next in rank for the position of Pay-
master General. There is nothing in the bill that
will exclude the appointment of the person next
in rank, if found, on examination, to have the ne-
cessary qualifications.
The bill contains simply these two provisions.
There is nothing new, nothing original in it. It
conforms in all respects to the legislation of Con-
gress on like branches of the public service. I
believe that it is right, under existing circum-
stances, that the range of selection should be in-
creased, for it is of the very first consequence to
our Army in the field, and to the civil Adminis-
tration that the head of so important a department
as the pay department should be a man of the
very first qualifications. The object of the com-
mittee in proposing this bill was to give the Pres-
ident a wider range of selection, so as to secure
such an appointment, and enable Congress and
the public to hold him to a strict accountability
for the proper discharge of that duty.
Mr. WASHBURNE sought the floor.
Mr. McPHERSON. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not desire to ask
h question. I proposed to make a statement in
reference to this matter.
Mr. McPHERSON. Well, sir, I have no ob-
jection to hearing a statement from the gentle-
man, and yield to him for a short time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not desire the gen-
tleman to yield to me. I desire the floor when he
is through.
Mr. McPHERSON, I propose to call the pre-
vious question before surrendering the floor.
Mr. BIDDLE. I ask my colleague to yield to
me a momeju before calling the previous question.
Mr. McPHERSON, I yield to the gentleman.
Air. DIDDLE. The recommendation of my
friend and colleague [Mr. McPherson] ordina-
rily carries so much weight with me that my first
disposition is, of course, favorable to this bill.
But 1 heard an intimation from a gentleman on
the other side of the House that the intention, or
at least the effect, of this bill was to overslaugh
a gentleman now at the head of the pay depart-
ment, who has been an officer in it for a long
time; and because he differs from me in politics,
it will not prevent me from saying that he is one
of the most able, experienced, and—shall I tell it
of him ?—incorruptible persons in any department
of this Government.
For these reasons I desire to learn the grounds
for the action it is now proposed to take, before
I am able to cast my vote for the bill and amend-
ment-
Air. WASHBURNE. With the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will say a word
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
i louse to one or two facts in connection with this
matter.
Mr. McPHERSON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE. From the statement of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania who reported
this bill, 1 think the House should pause a long
time before it passes it. The object of the bill, or
whatever may be the object, the effect undoubt-
edly, is to put aside Colonel Andrews, who is now
in the regular line of promotion. If no other pro-
vision is made he must be appointed Paymaster
General, and I desire to know what objection
there is to Colonel Andrews, or why he should
be overslaughed.
Mr. OL1N. I ask the gentleman to permit me
to make a single statement.
Now, my friend fiom Illinois is certainly unau-
thorized in saying that the object of this bill is to
get rid of Colonel Andrews.
Mr. WASHBURNE. At least its effect would
be what I stated.
Air. OL1N. But will you allow me to make a
single explanation in relation to it? Colonel An-
drews now stands at the head of the pav de-
partment, not only of the regular Army, but of
the volunteer Auny, now about one to five or
six hundred. He has charge not only of the pay-
ment ofthe mere fragment of the Army consti-
tuting the regular Army, but of the vast number
of men in the service of the volunteer corps ; and
is there any reason why a person to be in charge
of such a department shoulu be selected only from ;
the regular Army ? !
1 do not know whether Colonel Andrews is the ;
best man for the place or not. This bill does not !
say that he is not. If he is the best man, the De-
partmentoughtto know it; and if he is not, some "
other person ought to be appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What is the object of
changing the existing law unless it is to keep him
out ?
Mr. OLIN. The object is to give the Depart-
ment the power of appointing the best man, who-
ever he may be. I ask gentlemen whether they
are willing that the mere" fragment of the entire
Army represented by the regular Army should
be permitted to furnish exclusively the head ofthis
important department, when the*volunteer corps
outnumbers it by five or six hundred to one? Will
you do that, or will you open the appointment to
officers in both the regular and volunteer Army?
Mr. WASHBURNE. When we already have
a man at the head of the pay department who I
believe to be the best man in the country for the
position, a man whom 1 know to be one of the
mostincorruptibleand purest men in any Depart-
ment of the Government, I am unwilling to give
my vote for any measure the effect of which will
be to get rid of such a man as Colonel Andrews.
Colonel Andrews is now at the head of the pay
department as Acting Paymaster General, and, in
the regular line of promotion, is entitled, under ex-
isting laws, to the appointment of Paymaster Gen-
eral. He has served the country for fort y years,
and neither his integrity, his chatacter, nor his
ability has ever been questioned.
Now, when he has performed that service, and
when the position has become honorable, we are
asked to adopt legislation which shall open up the
position to the whole world of politicians and out-
siders. I believe that such legislation is uncalled
for. If gentlemen have any charges to make
against the pay department as it is nowadrnmis-
tered; if there be gentlemen who will charge Col-
onel Andrews with incapacity or want of integ-
rity, that may bo a good reason why we should
take this back-handed and back-door way to get
rid of him. But I do not believe any such charges
will be made. I believe that when we have an
officer who discharges his duty well, a man who
has had experience as he has had, a man who has
had the indorsement of all his superiors from the
time he entered the service, I think he is entitled
to our consideration here, and should be a suffi-
cient reason to prevent us from passing any legis-
lation the effect of which will be to deprive him
of that promotion to which he is so justly entitled.
Now, the gentleman from New Yoik asks
whether there is anything in this bill that would
prevent the appointment of Colonel Andrews, t
ask the gentleman if he believes he will be ap-
pointed if this bill passes. If he does, what rea-
son is there for this legislation at all?
I do not wish to take up the time of the House,
but 1 wish to call the attention of gentlemen to the
injustice which will be done to one of the most
mcoiruptible, practical, and valuable men in the
service. I have known Colonel Andrews well for
fifteen or more years, and speak with great prompt-
itude m regard to him. There are other gentle-
men who have known him longer than 1 have, and
who will bear the testimony that I bear in refer-
ence to his high character as a man and as an ofli-
CCMr. ROSCOE CONKLTNG. With the con-
sent of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desiie
to obtain a little light upon this subject if I can.
If my friend will allow me, I would like to call
his attention to two or three points to .see whether
1 understand them. I have no inclination to make
any attack or criticism upon the pay department,
though 1 think it is a question that comes home
to those of us who have constituents in the Ai my,
that the pay department should be made as effi-
cient as any other branch of the mihtmy depart-
ment of the Government, and that whatever can
be given to it by way of legislation to make it
more efficient should be given.
I-understand—and 1 desire to know from the
gentleman fromPennsylvaniawhethei ] am i i^ht—■
that in all the branches of the mihtaiy service,
except this one remaining, the doors have been
thrown wide open for appointments and promo-
tions, and selections are made from ofiicei> of the
greatest merit, whether in the regular or volunteer
Army. Whoever is deemed the fittest for the
place by the appointing power, which I under-
stand to be the President of the United States, is
selected. I understand that in the only remain-
