3863.
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
37TII C0XG....0D Sess.
Taxation cf Bank Bills—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
defending rebels. This \ deny. I am defending1
the Constitution of my country. I am insisting
upon restoring the Union by the only properaud
hopeful means known to the Constitution, the
laws of civilization, and humanity. But even
rebels have rights. They have some very pomtbar
rights. They iiav.e a right to be disarmed and
conquered ! They have a right—some of them —
rolx tried and hung! These they now insultingly
mvoke you to inflict. These demand yourgui-
antry to have inflicted upon them their lights
directly, nnd not incidentally, by operating upon
all by proclamations without trial. Judge Curtis
says again:
u If it weie conceded that{rebels have no ridiN\> there
would st. 11 he matter demanding tnc qiavest eon-id' lation.
For ill*' wind) I have ni\ :icil in not what aie 'ucu
right*, but whataieom iiahK? Wh.uevi m.e b'tbo'igbt
ofthe wi-dom of the proclamation coiiccnim" the eman-
cipation of Maves, no one can doubt Us piaehCvd nnpoit-
atice, 11 it is to take effect. To set lioe nb'>,u tour million
of slave- at an t"ii]> fixed day, wifii al^olutih no picpn-
ration tor tb'Mi* tutui<?, aii'l no piepaiation foi our luture in
their iHaiiOiis witn u , and to do tins by force, miM lie a
matt' '■ 01' va-'t oonect n—not only to thorn and then m.i-'U r-,
but to the whole continent on wmei) they mu-<i live Yheie
may be great diveirnty of opinio 1 concei nui« the eile.-u* ot
«-u< b an .ui. But that it-- effects mu.-t be of -t><pemi<m- in;- j
goit.tnee. extendi!*? not only into the bolder ioval Hratc;. j
ut into a!t the States—Noun as well as South—1 sU[>po-e '
110 rational man can doubt.
How iia-5 the President acquired the power to il-eni" tb'1
question whether thn cieat net shall be done.3 [low h.ne
the people of the United .^tate-,, or any pair of th"in. con-
fciied on fain ihe iiybllul powei todeteimine Jwt mem tla>
question (if such an emancipation to be m uK- -ini.er v.i h
cncuins*tanc<?s. If the peooie who aie in icb°i!'on ha\ e no
rights tho loyal people o* Kentucky, Indiana, 11!itto1-.
O;uo, Mai viand, and iVnu-j i vain a. have light--. It ^ ainoiiff
tin^e nu!it= that the Pie.-uiem s.hall not «>->*ume to decide
furthein a question which the> deem of va-t nnponanee
to t'lem^pive j, and which they have ncvei cnn-"iu<d be
should dooide. It h among the n«hts of nil of u- that the
poweib of each .State to govern its own interna! ailun>
should not be tropi<«sod upon oy any depai ti.n ni ol the
i-'edeial power; and it i  a light er— oiittal to the main! nu-
ance of oui ty -tem of povenuiient. It is anion:1 the i;uht<
of aH ol ui tli.tt 'Sic e.\eentivf power '-bouhi be kept within
the iiiun> piociitied by the Confutation, and Mioiud not
IcTi^-late b\ deeie^ upon subjects of tum.-c-iulant 111 pou-
anee to the whole people."'
To grant such a power would lead to "she eon-
founding of ail that has been conceived, touching
the powers of tilc military—swallow up all the
rights of the States and the people undei she Con-
stitution—lead to consolidation, and end m des-
potism. How fearful ate these assumptions1
How perilous the times ! IIow lost! How wild
in these infatuations! Out let not the lien'l of
*t tie patriotism and constitutional freedom faitei.
Them is asovcici^n voice to come up fiom rho
people in duv. tune, a.id hush the raging c'i thin,
political storm, and 1 1-assure the country in p<. ace
and safety, that the Union as if was and 'lie Con-
stitution as it is can and will la: maintained against
rebel V'ohnce <md abolition assaults. Let every
man do his duty ; at ami by the flag, the Constitu-
tion, and his country; fight against the rebels and
resist the radicals—steer between the Seylla and
Charybdis—cheered by the example and memos y
of our fathers in their patience and euduiauce in
their holy pledges and full sacrifices m the dark-
est hour and against all foes; resolve that we will
m calmness and firmness maintain constitutional
freedom against every assault fiom every quar-
ter. This is the ark of our safety; here is our
final security; and when thejudieia! authorities of
the country, the great bulwark of human liberty,
shall review these times, "military necessity"
ond abolition aggression must meet their doom;
and the rainbow of promise " as a memorial for-
ever, *' cheer this great land that our system m
its majesty and strength can stand the shock of
faction and tr< asoti, illustrate ity capacfy by those
test trr\lp,and surviveinmereased strength, favor,
and hlcs'smir, and, as ever, still court the admira-
tion of the wot Id !
Mr. Chairman, this Government cannot be
ovrihiown; no faction, no usurpation cap L e suc-
cessful. There is a veneration m the puohc heart
too broad and drop for tiw*. Radical uitTerences
may occur and threaten us; all may seem to have
forgotten constitutional obligations, and become
1 eekh'ss of light; but cou«eciated deen in o\- vy
Joval bosom is the lesolution, unalterably fxed,
to"«ustam the Governea--nt in every crisis, against
evciy error, every encvoachment; to sustain an
opposition to misrule, not factious, butv"loyal at
once to the country, to the Constitution, and the
truth," Ttae time has not come when it can be
said of this country as once of Rome: <{Ca3sar
had his party, and Pompey his party; but the
Republic had none." No, sir; there is a great
conservative element all over the land, and in due
form and in due time it will be heard. We shall
hear it from the conservative North; from the
great West and Northwest, where, inexhaustible
in resources, myriads in number, and giants in
strength, it is already, by an irreversible decree,
settled. "The Union must be preserved." Mr.
Clay said he owed his highest allegiance to the
Federal Government. Every patriot is pledged
to preserve it in all its constitutional force, because
this secures everything else.
The most ominous and fearful thing in the
proclamation is not that it proposes to set free,
but it pledges the Navy and Army of the United
States to maintain that freedom—maintain that
freedom by force without law, against every prin-
ciple of humanity and civilization; against the
grants of the Constitution, and m violation of the
warranties of the Federal Government. Sir, the
freedom and bondage of four million people is a
great and vital question; and if the life of the
Government in its fundamental piinciples wasnot
involved, and the fate of active rebels alone was
to be considered, it might be connived at in silence.
But, sir, when all is at stake and the boldest as-
sumption is taken ever known to this country, he
who sits silent without protest or remonstrance
has lost his zest for constitutional freedom, is
ready to forego the gloiious history of our past,
and is fit to become the minion of power.
If any have concluded to postpone the sup-
pression of this rebellion, and take up the ques-
tion of slavery, and make that paramount to the
life and integrity of the Government, let them
comc out and say so—take the responsibility be-
fore the country and the world. 1 ask no favor
for rebels in arms against my Government. I leave
them to the fate of their own action and position;
but 1 do, in the name of reason, humanity, and
law, a?>k that the Union men of the South, tho
women and children, the imbeciles, all shall not
be crushed under tins avalanche that is to over-
whelm by sections and States without trial, pro-
miscuously, the lights of all. The puxlamanoiT
assumes the power and the necessity—neither
exist—there is no necessity, m fact—no right in
law. It would be better for us and the wot Id to
have our Qovernment without slavery than not
to have it at all ! But how aie we diiven to this
alternative? Who gave the Executive the light
to decide it? Tins is for the people to decide, and'
certainly our les.turces have notfai'ed. We can
maintain the Union and put down the rebellion
without the proclamation.
What, then, is oui duty' L1 t 1 he proclama-
tion bccorne dead in its own irr potcncy; at least
until the com Is can, in ftuu re, adjudicate its claims-.
Let us turn all the undivided and uudistiacted
force of the Army and iNavy,m fact, and m good
faith, against tin* a«-tu<d rebellion. Tins may be
done. The cool deliberation of the nation de-
mands it. The nation i'n mands the previous qm s-
tion; no substitute is now m ordi \; ami tue main
question is, shall the rebellion at once be put down?
There is but one way to do it. Ply the enemy
with all our invincible force in the field, and com-
mand all our resources of subsistence and pay to
sustain the Army,and, w tli our means and piep-
amtion, we can "be successful m no very distant
future. Truly this is a time tu try lue compe-
tency and wisdom of tho people. Thou- delibera-
tion and coolness m looking upon radical enors,
and yet keeping themselves in the light; waiting
in sullen ng and wrong for the day of deliverance
through tiie sure results of future constitutional
agencies. Let us keep jn dicriK.it —not be mis-
],/d—conservative; neuherfavonng the rebels nor
the abolitionists, nor run into fae ..in or nullifica-
tion, but stand like men firm, from prineipk, by
the Government and institutions of our fatlnus—
claim our rights in order and quiet. The Govt rn-
ment belongs to no party nor incumbent of offici ;
it ia a constitutional Government, and belongs to
hose who ordained it There is no prerogative,
higher than the Constitution, belonging to any.
What then' Let all with confidence and hope
renew, in this test struggle—every conservative
man—-the piedge of '76; and m that spirit, with
a firm reliance on the protection of divine Provi-
dence, mutually pledge ourselves in paticnce and
perseverance to preserve the Union and the Con-
stitution amidst all these assumptions and dis-
tractions. And may God help us, and the great
end be speedily and fully accomplished !
TAXATION OF BANK BILLS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
OP oiiio,
In the Senate of the United States,
January 8, J.8G3.
The Senate having proceeded to the consideration ofthe
bill taxing bank lulls and oil tiacuonal currency—
Mr. SHERMAN said:
Mr. President: i know it is difficult in the midst
of exciting events to gain the attention of the Sen-
ate to a dry question, full of difficulty and details;
yet everything affecting the currency of the coun-
try is now so sensitively felt, and involves so in-
timately the safety and welfare of the country, that
1 know the Senate will pardon me for discussing
the policy of taxing the circulation of bank bills
for a little while. The subject has been twice sub-
mitted to us by the Secretary of the Treasury.
He regards this measure as of the highest import-
ance. In his annual report one year ago, and
also in his recent report, he has stated his view of
this proposition. He believes that the existing
bank circulation prevents, or embarrasses, the pro-
cess of funding, by which alone the bonds ofthe
j United States can be absorbed,and by which alone
i money can now be obtained from the people. I
] will not read the extracts from his report because
i they aie familiar, no doubt, to Senators.
I At the last session of Congress, I submitted a
I measure somewhat similar to this, in the form of
, an amendment to the revenue bib, but it was post-
■ poned rather than defeated. The bill I now intro-
: duce contains but two sections: the first proposes
; to levy a tax of two per cent, on the circulation
i of all bank bills; the second provides for a tax of
[ ten per cent, on all fractional currency under one
| dollar, issued by corporations or by individuals.
I piopose, m the first place, toexamme this prop-
osition purely as a question of taxation, before
! stating its effect upon the currency of the country.
1 In the outset, it is necessary for us to remember
i the distinction between the ordinary process of
i banking and the issuing of bank bills. The busi-
, ness of banking pi oper consists m loaning money,
i discounting lalis, facilitating exchanges of p>*o-
, ductions by the airen< vof commercial paper,nnd
| in iHC-nvma; and disbursing the deposits of indi-
i \idu.\is. The issue of bank bills is an exclusive
| privilege,conferred onlyupon comparatively few
1 corporations. It is a privilege that an individual
; cannot enjoy. No person can issue his bills in
i tli" form of paper money without an express cor-
i pora-te franchise, granted to him either by a gen-
| era! banking law or by an act of incorporation.
All the business of bunking may be exercised by
' private individuals, except this franchise. There
; is no reason why any one may not carry on all
' the busincoS incident to banking, except this one
of issuing bills to circulate as money. Indeed,
the largest banking houses in this country and in
tii" world do not exercise the privilege ot issuing
lulls. We know that tho Rothschilds, the Bar-
ings, Mr. Peabodvj one of oui own distinguished
citizens m England, and our heaviest banks in
tins country, do not exerci.se this privilege. The
Dank of CVimneice of New York, with a capital
of >9,000,000, has now less than ^2,000 of circu-
lation; and neatly ail the leading banks of the city
of N"\v York, cov/nM-i^ing the majority of tho
Lankinir capita! oft!" State of New Yoik, issue
e compai altveiy smad amount of bills, it is also
tru<> that : lie strongest banks issue the least num-
b< 1 of Li'ls. and the weakest banks suppoi t them-
?' 1 ves and mak'- profi t by issuing the Lagestquan-
tity of bills. Mr. Chase, 20 his scport, states this
propos.uon v-'vy plainly. I will read an extract
{Von r:
Cireulotion comrnonh r \n the inverse ratioo<\.olvenoy.
Well to'nided m-fifii! od-\ -m ia-:." and sola! capital, have in
{•ftieiai compaiat v. i\ ."in 1 ;i< i.i.mon; vonleweak cor-
pouu.otis nlnio-t nr. e . 1 A\ • c- !  p<> t.Jin tlmm-elves by
obtaining liom the people tm- 1 u ^.-vt pvi- blo ciedit in this
form. Under sucb u s> stem, or rather lack of system, great
