700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
town oC Danville, Lebanon, or Nlcholavtlle, in the State of
ICentucky, to «ome point in lite State of Tennessee on the
Tennessee and Virginia railroad; and that said commis-
sioners he required to erive bond, with security, in the sum
of $.30,000 each, to the Government ot the United States,
for the faithful performance ot their duties.
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That said commis-
sioners, under the control and dnoetionof the Secretary of
War, a? aforesaid, have power to contract, for the Govern-
ment of the United States, with some existing railroad com-
pany m the Suite of Kentucky or Tennessee, to run and
work said railroad when ii.or any portion thereof, shall
have boon completed,on terms as favorable to theGovcrn-
mem of the United States a? they can procure.
Sec. —• Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$3,000,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any moncv in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to construct said road.
Mr. OLIN. I cannot yield for the puipose of
receiving that amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a point of order.
This bill, the Speaker is aware, was not read be-
fore the gentleman commenced his remarks. 1
understood the gentleman to state that this bill had
been referred to" the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I understand now that it has not been so
referred; that it is not the bill heretofore pending
before the House, but that it is reported trom the
committee upon the authority vested in them by
that portion of the President's message, alluding
to that subject, which was refenvd to them. I
therefore make the point, of order that this hill
appropriates money, and must be first considered
in the Committer of the Whole on (he state of the
Union.
Mr. OLIN. My young and aspiring friend is
mistaken upon both points. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 icfer to the eighth and tenth
sections as those which were not reported to the
House originally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
aov money is apptojwiated by the two sections.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill provides for issu-
ing the bonds of tin? Government. 1 do not un-
derstand that the lull must appropriate money
directly in order to bring it. within the tule; but
that where it provides for the issue of bonds which 1
must be paid by the appropriation of money, it
comes within the rule, because it creates a ehaige
upon the people.
The SPEAKER. It has always been held
that in order to brinj* a bill within the uile the
appropriatiou-mu^t be sufficient, without lequir-
ing further legislation, to take the money out of
the Treasury. The issuing of bonds to be paid
out of money hereafter to be appropriated is not
an appropriation. The Chair on another <hum- j
sum called attention to an act of Congress which
authorized the Secretary of the Treasuiy to re-
deem bonds at any time out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and it has
been derided that that, i.s an appropuutnm which
would biiiii; the bill within tin- rule. The Chair
thcreloie ovenules the point of oulei .
Mr. OLIN. i now ask that the bill be tend
through, that the House may understand, if they
choose to listen, what the provisions of the bill,
upon which 1 propose to call the previous ques-
tion, are.
The bill was read , as follows:
Be it enacted bj the Senate and lhu,\c of Representative* of
the United states of Jhnoica in C>n«yei>s assembled, That
f-o soon a-! tin- State of I liinoi • shall, by convevnnee -mis-
f.ietorv to and apptoved by the Attorney Geneial oi the
United States, tran.-ter to ami ve>t in the United States all
of hei ri ht, title, and mteie-a in and lo the bed ol the Illi-
nois and Michigan ean.d. and the latulovct which the suae
pa—e:., including its bank;*, mai:xm-, tow path--, letde].-,
tight of way, locks, dams watei-power suueune-, and aii
the piopem, right, title, and inteiest ot the said Stale of
Illinois of, ni, ami to said can id, wi Hi t lie hen di lament-- and
appurtetiauo.'Mh reiinto beloniniv'or m an\ wise a;.pei lain-
jnu, and shall ptovulc hoods oi the -aid St ite -Utile i< nt fot
the lei'uuding or paunent oi redemption of nil out-tandim;
canal bond.-of t-aid State now secured m trust upon said
canal, that William II. SwiU, now one ot the tiiu-teesot
the said Jilinoi'- and Michigan canal, together with a skill-
ful and experienced citrineer in tho topographical corps of
tiie United States Aimy, to ho decimated hy the Seeiet-uy
of Wai. and a citizen of the United ^tate-,, to be dt-signat* d
by the President ot the United Stale-, .shall be eoinmi--ion-
ers, with authority, under the dnecunn of the Seerctaiyof
War, to enlame tlx' Illinois and Michigan canal, and to
Improve the navigation oft ho IllinoK and Do.- Plat no- rivers,
in such h manuei as to fninish a suitable and sufficient
tvaier communication for the irunbont^ and other nav.il and
•.var vessels of the United States between Lake Michigan
iud the Mississippi river. ofr!i'j dimensions and ui the mode
aereaft'.T piovided.
Sec. '2. sine! bcit fuithcr enactcd, That the said commis-
sioners --hall forthwith make a careful examination and sur-
vey of the said canal and river, and determine upon a suit-
able plan for the improvement aforementioned, which plan
thai! provide fui the enlargement of said canal to a width of
not less than one hundred and sixty feet, with locks of not
less than three hundred and fifty feetin length and seventy-
five feet in width, and for the improvement of said rivers in
such manner as to insure a safe and uninterrupted water
navigation between Lake Michigan arid the Mississippi
river at all times during the season of navigation of gun-
boats, steamboats, naval and war vessels of the United
States, and ail other vessels not drawing over six feet of
vvater, which plan shall be submitted to the President of
the United States for approval.
Sfc. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, upon the ap-
proval bv the President of the United States of the plan of
said improvement afotesaid, the said commissioners are
hereby authorized to constiuct the said improvement, ac-
cording to said plan, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, and to prosecute the same to completion with such
dispatch a  the natuie of the work and the funds appropri-
ated for that purpose by Congress shall permit. And the
said commissioners shall make a report annually to the Sec-
retaiy of Wai on the progress of said woik.
Sec. 4. And he it fuUher enacted, Thatthe said commis-
sioners shall, under the direction of the Secretary ot War,
have the exclusive eontiol and management ot the said
canal and improvement, and shall have power to establish
all ncedlul rules and regulations concerning the use and
navigation thereof, and to li\, alter, and modify the rates of
toll upon said canal and livers included in said impiove-
inent, and, under the direction of the Secretary of War, to
employ such agents-, engineers, suiveyois, diaughtsmen,
eollectois, and other persons, as they may judge necessary
tor the performance ol the work hereby committed to them,
with full power to enter upon, appiopriate, u>e, and con-
demn any lands, water stream51, and materials of any de-
scription necessary lor the prosecution ot the impiovement
contemplated by this bill: Provided, That when private
pioperty shall be taken for such purposes the same shall be
condemned and compensation made therefor in the manner
now piovided by the laws of the State of Illinois. And it
shall be the duty of such commissioners to cause all the
woik done upon said improvements to be let to the lowest
responsible bidder at public letungs, ot which sufficient pub-
lic notice, by adveiti.-emeut m the public newspapers, shall
be given.
Sec. o. Jlnd he it further en actcd, That the revenues de-
rived fiom the said canal and river, over and above the ex
peuscj, ot management, and ol lepairs and expcndituies
i hereon, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
and a sepaiate account shall be kept ot such ieceipt«, and
the same shall be appropiiared as follow*: fnst, to the
payment ot the interest and principal expended by the Uni- [
teil States upon the said work ; second, to the payment to j
the State ot Illinois ot the entue amount, which was a j
ehaige upon the said canal at the time of the conveyance j
Iheioof to the United Slates, togelhei with the inteiest ,
theinof, which amount shall he paid to the tieasurv o( the !
Slate ol Illinois, upon Mich vouchee, and under such regu-
lat ion-, a« the Seoiuary ot theTiear-ui\ of the United States >
shall dnect. !
Stv. (>. .-hid be it fu)titer enacted, That the said com- j
nussionets .shall each leeeive such salary, not exceeding J
jjj'^UOO pei annum, a- the Seeietarj ot Wai shall, with re- !
sped to their respective dunes and services, defeunwie : 1
Provided, That such additional compensation only shall 1
lie allowed to the said commissioner desolated fioin the
lopoirraphical eoips as shall, hy tlx- Secietaivof War, be
, deemed pjopcr, and said eomuiisMotiei.- shall re-peetively
; irive bond toi the nut hi ill pertoi maute of then duties in such
amount and upon such condition as the Seeretaiy of War
' may prc-,cnbe.
j Si ■ . /. ~lnd be it further enacted, That alter the rcim-
1 bui-eni'-ni to the United Stales of the amount by them cx-
, pended. and to the State ot Illinois of the haid canal m-
| delitedufss. as piovided in section five, the said canal shall
ioii'\ ei tlnueaftei be open and lice to the navigation ot all
I the eili/.eiJs oi the 1'iuh d State-. *>ub.p - t onl\ to siicti tolls
' as s!i,i!i he neces-au to ke -p the >aine in suitable repair,
i and defi.iy the cunem evp/'iiMs of its management, and
i subject to'tlie ntitnei condition thnf the United States shall
j bav'e ihe n«ht at aii tune.-, to tran-poit vcs.-el« of wai,
tioop-, and public piopeitj o\ei taid caual absolutely free
1 iroin anj toll oi othci chaise whatsoever.
j Sm . ts. .'hid he itfmt/ii t rnaUcd, That the Government
j of the United State's will, as soon as the State of Illinois
I shall have uansiei icd -aid canal and fulfilled the provi-ions
j ot the liist section ol this act, apply the sum of ;§13.:Mb.S24,
j m bond- ol the Untied States, to he l - uerf by the Seciet.u j
! of the Tieasuiy, icdcctnahie in twenty years fiom date,
1 beariu" inteic-t at the late ol six pei cent, per annum, pay-
: al)le semi-annually, to ihe cousituctiou ot said woi k, the
! s.ud inteiest to be pavablc and the said bonds to he re-
i deemabio out ot moneys ro be htieaftcr appiojinated bv
i Uougiess. and said piiucipal and nilctest to be icimhuiscd
| to nic 'i'M'a-uiy ot the I'nited States iiom the tolh and
t levenues of said work, and tiie Seetetaiv ot the Tieasury
! ni his di-n etion mas also pledge the net tolls and icvenues
; ot .said woik tor tiie paunent of the puneipal and interest
; of taid bonds.
! Sf.c. 9. *'Jnd he it fmthei enacted, That the said bonds
1 shall be delivered by tiie Secreiaiy of War, on the requt-
siuoirof the said coinmif-Moneis, ni such .-.uni.- as may he
j ji'quired fiom time to time m the piosecutiou of said work ;
and said eomniHMoiHMs shall turni-h vouchers and proofs
' in duplicate oi ihe woik done and mateiial furnished at such
i limcoaud uudei such iegulatiou> a? the Secretary of War
i md\ jnesci it e; and the Secret.uv ol War is hereby also
, authmi/ui to dehvei to s.ud commissioneis the amount of
1 .<?-20,0()0 m -aid bunds, loi prehmmaiv mi> veys and expense?,
i before the letting ot .-aid woik.
1 Sr.'' 10 .-hid he it tuitkci enabled, Thatthe Secretary
; of War i  herein autl.ouzed and dneeted to cause to be en-
' huged, thioujzh the a ene\ of the canal board oi the State
! of New York, under the piovitdous of tiie act of the Legis-
i latnre thereoi, passed in Apnl, 1862, entitled, UA\\ act to
: adapt the canals of' this State to the defense of the noith-
; em and noi thwestern lakes,"' one tiei of the locks on the
t Eric caual and one ti<n of the locks on tiie Q.-wcgo canal to
i a capacity suthcient to pas& ves ei> of war at least twenty-
I live feet wide and two nuudred feet long 1'iom the Hudson
II river into JiCike Enemd I^akc Ontano, with such additional
feeders and alterations of the channels of said canals as may
be nccessary, with power to construct new anil independ-
ent ioeks when found more advantageous, the United States
to have the perpetual right of passage thiough said canals,
free from toll or ehaige, for its vessels ot wai, boats, gun-
boats, transports*, troops, supplies, or munitions of war,
as granted by said act. The Government of the United
States will apply the sum of #3,500,000 to the work here-
inbefore desenbed, in the bonds of the United States, to be
issued by the Secretary ot the Treasury, redeemable in
twenty \ears from date, bearing interest at the rate of six
percent, perannum, payable half ycaily, which said inter- •
e«t shall be payable and said bonds shall be redeemable out
of moneys hereafter to be, appiopriated by Congress. The
proposals to be received for said woik, with u sufficient
specification of its dimensions and chai actor, shall be sub-
mitted by said canal boaul to the Secretary of War for hU
approbation^who shall cause the same to be examined with-
out delay by a competent emimeei, and shall also cause
such nibpection to be made of the woik as it proceeds, and
of the voucheis rendered for the same, as he may deem ne-
cessary. Duplicate ceitificatcsof the woi& done shall be
rendered monthly by the engineer or inspector so to be se-
lected by the Secretary of War—one to the War Depart-
ment of the United States, and the other to the auditoi of
the canal dep.u tment ot said State ; on leeeiving which the
Secretary ot War shall deliver to said auditor the amounts
therein eettitled, in the bonds of the United States in this
section above described.
Sec. 11. Jlnd he it further enactcd, That the bonds herein-
before mentioned for the enlaigeinent of the Illinois and
Michigan canal, and improvement of the Des Plaines
and Illinois rivers, shall be dehvei cd upon the condition that
the State of Illinois shall pay the excc-s, if any, which
said improvements may cost over and above the sum of
$13,346,824 ; and the bonds hereinbefore mentioned m sec-
tion ten shall be delivered upon the condition that the
State of New York shall pay and discharge the exccss, if
any, over§0,500,000, which may be incurred in enlarging
the New York canals as hereinbefore provided.
Mr. OLIN. Now I think it is fair, at this stage
of the proceedings, as I have not discussed the
mei its of the bill, and do not propose to do so, to
call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. By
the fifth section of the bill a fund is created, and
that fund is appropriated by the bill for specific
purposes. I theiefore make the point upon that
section that the bill must he first considered in the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain the
point of order upon that section. The same
question was nused a few days since, and the
Chair sustained the point in that case. The sec-
tion places money in the Treasury, to be taken
out without a fmther appropriation by Congiess.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. OLIN. May 1 call the attention of the
Chair to the ruling the other day upon the same
subject >
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman if there is no objection.
Mr. DIVEN. I object. The gentleman in-'
formed me that he would object to my offering
any amendment, and now 1 object to the gentle-
man speaking out of order.
Mr. FIOLMAN. 1 move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. STF.VENS. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. William Alien, Alley, Aneona, Ashley,
Rablutt, Beainan, Middle, Bimrham, Jacob 15. Blau, Sam-
| uel S. 13!au, Blake, William G. Ahown, Oalveii, Chamber-
lain, Clement®, Cobb, Fiederiek A. (-onkhngs Uoscoe Conk-
luur, Con way, Cravens. On-field. Ci it tenden. Cutler, Davis,
Delano, Div'un, Dunn. K.i"crion. Edward-', Fentou,Thomas
A. I). IV^-erid'-n. Goodwin, Crxlei, ilale, Hall, Haid-
ing, JIairison, Ilohnan, Hutching Johnson. Julian. Keiiey,
| Kenyan, Lazear, Ueai\, Lehman, Loonn-, McKnight,
• McPliet-um, Malloiv, Ma\ naul, Menzn Mitchell. Mooi-
hoad, Ju-tin S. Mori ill. Mom-. Nixon, Noble. Nooll.Noi-
ton, Odell. Pendleton, Pike. Po'tfei. John II lliee, Edwaid
II. itolhn-, Sarsrent, Sedgw ick. Miank-, Sheffield, Shella-
baiger, Shiel, Steven*-, Side-, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fran-
ce Thomas, Trimble, Tiowliildtre, Yalhmdigham. Van
Horn, Vtbbard, Wad-worth, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albert S.White, Chilton A.White, Wiekhflfe,W'ilMU!,\Vni-
dom. Wood, Worcestei, Wiight. and Yeaman—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldtich, William J. Allen, Arnold,
Baily, Baker, Baxter, Buthnton, Case\, Ciark, Colfax,
! DaWes. Chut, Ely, Samuel C. Fesscndcu. Fianchot, Fiank,
| Grander, Gurley,'Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
! Lausimr, Lovejoy, Mclndoe. Marstou. Oliii, Pomeioy, Pot-
i ter, i'lice. Riddle^ Robinson, James S. Roilin-, Sherman,
i Sloan, Spciulding, Wallace, Ward. Wa^hburne, and Wood-
| ruff— JS.
j So the appeal was laid upon the table.
| Mr. OLIN. I now withdraw the previous ques-
l tion, and move that the bill be recommitted to the
■ Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs; and on that mo-
' tion 1 demand the previous question.
| Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
