4s
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 8,
3tin Cong....3d Sess.
Taxation of Bank Bills—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
fluctuations and heavy looser in discount5' and exchange*
are inevitable; and not umrcfjucntly, through tailures of the
i^suin^ institutions, considerable portions of the ehculatiou
become suddenly woitliless in the haiuU of the people."
In the West, where capital is not abundant, we
have suffered more by a system of banking oper-
ations than from any other fi nanciai cause. Banks
have been founded often without capital, or upon
fictitious capital; sometimes upon bonds purchased
upon credit; and then, after they had spread their
notes all over the country, filling the pockets of
the people with a worthless currency, they sud-
denly explode, and the note-holders suffer the en-
tire loss. It is true that in the older States, where
capital is more abundant, they have a bettor sys- ,
tem of banking; but, after all, it will be found that j
the weakest banks issue the most notes. The t
strongest banks do without this privilege, or use
it lightly. All the leading banks in this country ;
which have ample capital may dispense with the
privilege of issuing bank bills with but little m- j
convenience; while those of small capital, depend- I
ent upon their circulation, may very properly give f
way to piivate bankers, who carry on their oper- >
ations entirely with other currency and upon nidi- \
vidtial responsibility. i
The business of banking proper is very heavily !
taxed by our excise law. It will be found by ref-
erence to the tax bill that any commercial paper,
all the chuks, drafts, ordcis, bills of exchange,
foieign anil inland, protests, certificates, bonds,
powers of attorney—every instrument that is used j
in the ordinary process of limiting is heavily taxed, !
while bank bills aie not taxed at all. This is u |
discrimination, it seems to me, that is very unjust. |
When a private banker undertakes to do busi- 1
ness, ho has first to apply for a license to carry
on the ordinary operations of banking, and for
that license he pays £>11)0. Uut a bank of < uru-
lation is expressly exempted fiom the neeesMty
of procuring a license. While all the ordinary !
functions of banking, all lhow that aie useful to
the people, and which are puieiy voluntary—ihe
opetalioits of loans, discounts, exchanges, and !
deposits—are taxed for license, the business of j
issuing paper money, which may "lone be done by ■
evaporations chartered under general or special
laws, pays no license, i will lead the clause:
tl Bankers shall pay $100 foi each license. Kvery pewm
shall he denied a banket within tlx: meaning <>t the- art
who kt'cp-i :\ place of wh'-ic .n i' npi'iH'it in
tavoi ol'an} person, linn, or <'oi|>m;iiion, hv {he depo-m oi
collection ot money or cm rcnev, and the s.une or any p'ut
thereof sindl In- paid out or mniik'd upon the. diuft, cheek,
oi older of Mich creditor, but'
Maik you—
Si but not to iutlut\i' iiicOYyoyitfctl hank* or othci banks lc alht
authonzcJ /j is'Ajzc ie> cbcul-rtion.''
All other banks, and bankets, whether they are
meoi porated or mn, whether they are associated
together or not, have to get a license; and there
is an express teservalion and exception in favor
of banks authorised to issue paper money. Now,
why is this? Is thete any lea^ou for it ? J think
th''i< is none.
Ai;.nn, sir, lake the stamp taxes. Kvery com-
mucial insti umont must be stamped. If I issue
my note for vsl(H), i must place on that note a
stamp in order to make it valid. I then must pay
interest on that note. If 1 invest the proceeds in
any kind of business, f must pay a tax upon that :
busiu< ss, first, m t he foi ni of a license, and t hen 1
in the form oi a tax upon the production. Alter j
that, I must pay a tax upon my profit. The stamp
tax attaches to evei y foi in of conimei cial insti u-
ment. Why should it not attach to a bank bill
A nd ye!, by another provision of tlie revenue law,
which 1 will '-end, banks of issue arc expressly
exempted Amu this tax. In the section provid'-
ing for stamp duties occurs this clause:
a I'lll of cvhanne, (inland,) diaU, or eider foi the pay
mei.tot am ui.i oi mon<-\ i yeccdinjr uveiitv and not ev-
ecvdsn" one hiUiihcd do:!.;!-, odietvvise Ui.in at ^ij ht oi.on
demand or a!-\ \ rio'f < r^rjil !mnk noti s muctl
Jorarcvl.tlto.t.ifi >i ■ inn e.vn'din': i"it\ and not 1
mione hn hJi i:t d'lP.n^, jivo'• .{u-. [Ivceedm!: xHJO and j
not c: ct'idui;; .-jiiJO, n u e«'ii< - ." 5c.'. ;
?\ow, why should there be this discrimination-
T, us an imin idual, must pay these .stamp duties;
a ban ker dot tig business must pay them: a per^ on
who has embarked his ciedit oi the most neces-
saiy pursiot, having no special privileges what-
ever must attach a stamp t,> his note when he
issues u in any form? whether in the form cf a i
certificate, a promissory note, a bill of^xchange,
or in any of the multiplied forms of commercial
paper. There is no way in which he can issue
his note, whether bearing interest or not, whether
payable on demand or not, in which it is not taxed
by the Government; and yet a note issued by a
bank incorporated with special privileges is ex-
pressly exempted from the operation of this law.
Why is this, Mr. President: There is no reason
for it.
The only tax levied by this acton banks of cir-
culation is the tax of three per cent, on the net
income, and that tax is deducted from the dividend
to the stockholders. I venture the assertion that
there is no in teiest in this country so lightly taxed
as banks of circulation. Three per cent, on the
net income: how much is that? It is only fifteen
cents on $100 of circulation. Contrast the tax
imposed on an ordinary manufacturer with the
tax imposed on a bank. A man is engaged in the
business of pioductiou, that which adds to the
wealth of the country; he is converting the raw
material into something' necessary to sustain life;
what process of taxation is lie subjected to, and
very propeily, tor I do not object to the taxes?
lie first has to get a license for his employment;
he then invests his capital in real estate or ma-
chinery, which is taxed. If he issues his note,
check, or other commercial paper, he must attach
a stamp to it; he must then pay three percent, on
the entire product of his business—not three per
cent, on his profits, but three pei cent, on his en-
tue production, often greater than his capital; and
if he should make any profits, he must pay three
per cent, on his profits. That is the process of
taxation to which we compel a manufacturer to
submit.
1 low is it with the bank of circulation ? The
bank of circulation carneson its mammoth busi-
ness without paying any license; it issues its note
without pay any stamp duty; it circulates that
note without interest; it does not pay that note
m specie; it does not pay thiee percent, on its
production, its manufactured article of paper
money. It only pays three per cent, on its prof-
its. Nor is that all. It is not thiee per cent, on
the ££ross profits of the bank, but three per cent,
on the net profits of the bank; after every expense
that may be conjuied up, salaries, fees, employ-
ments, is deducted fiom the profits, the balance
is subjected to the insignificant tax of thiee per
cent. This is all the revenue paid by siu h banks
on their exclusive franchise, Kven i hat little tax,
by the oxptos.^ provisions of the law , may be de-
ducted from the dividend of the stockholder; and
the stockholder does not pay the ta\ twice, be-
cause tins is deducted from his own income tax.
Mr. Piesident, 1 can run this comparison fur-
ther, and show that in all the employments of
hi'1 there is a disciimination in favor of the bank
of circulation. It is not in favor of cot porations,
because corporations are heavily taxed by this
law. Let us look. Hailroad companies pay three
per cent, on the gross receipts from passengors.
The n ecijits of <> road for passengeis aie som< -
times otic fifth of its capital stock. Railroad com-
panies pay three per cent, on the gross leceipts
iVom passengers, without any deduction Insur-
ance companies pay one pi r cent, on their gross:
leceipts, and, as was stated in debate here last
spring, sometimes the annual receipts of tm insur-
ance (ompauy are often equal to the full amount
of the capital" out of which they have to pay all
their losses. So here is a tax on insurance com-
panies, confessedly among the most useful insti-
tutions in the country, of one per cent, on their
£i oss i eceipts, which is equivalent to ten per cent,
on then profits. Then how js it as to salaries?
We, as Senators, receive s.'J,000 a year, and we
pay a tax of three per cent, on our gross salaty,
and theie is no deduction made for our very neces-
sary expenses, though 1 suppose most of us have
none of the ^3,000 h'ft when we go home. The
tax is levied on the gross salary.
I have shown you how it is with manufacturers.
Xow, how is it \\ nh a private citizen r Ahei each
of us has paid all the tax**?; assessed upon our
property and employments, the taxes on stamps
and licenses, we have to pav a lax of from three
to five per cent, on our gross income over six him -
(1 red dollars. And yet, although all classes of the
community—corporations, citizens, private per-
sons, men, women, and children—bear with pa-
tience this heavy rate of taxation, banks oi circu-
lation having the exclusive privileges, having the
franchise of making money and issuing promises
to pay without paying interest upon them, pay
but three per cent, on their'net profits from calcu-
lation, and that is deducted from the individual
stockholders. I say this is an unequal, unjust
system of taxation, and we ought to correct it.
There arc reasons which, in my mind, are very
potent why the taxes on banks of circulation
should be heavier instead of lighter than those on
other employments. The force of them, 1 think,
will be perceived when 1 state them. We know
very well that the profits on the issue of bank
notes are now vastly increased. I have a state-
ment before me which shows that the average prof-
its ol the banks of the State of New York, in the
last year, were twelve and a half per cent.—a very
heavy pi ofi t. This profit is this year greatei than
usual. We all know that the business created by
the war, the unusual activity in commercial cred-
its, has been veiy profitable to the banks.
Hut that is not all. The burdens imposed by
, their charters upon the banks have been lessened
; by the suspension of specie payments. When a
J bank had to keep in its vaults coin to the amount
; of one third of its circulation in order to redeem
i that circulation, when it was liable at any day to
: be called upon for the redemption, in gold and
' silver, of every dollar of its ciiculation, that was
' a burden which very much lessened the profits.
' But now there is no such liability, and there is
no such responsibility. Whether right or wrong,
: we know that all these banks have suspended
1 specie payments, and now practically put upon
the people their currcticy without paying cither
principal or interest. I say, therefoie, they ought
to be taxed more heavily than other employ-
ments m life. Why, sir, 1 remember very well—
and some of the Senatoi s here remember it also—
an mtei view winch was sought by the bankers of
our chief commercial cities—all of them intelli-
gent and patriotic men—with the Sectetary of the
Treasury, to which they invited the financial coni-
. mittees of the two Houses to hear their proposi-
tion for carrying on the financial operations of
this Government. We all went to the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the proposi-
■ tion was theio made that the United States should
issue no paper money whatever; that the specie
clause, as it is called, of the sub-Treasui y law
should be lepeuletl; and that we should cany on
the war upon the basis of the papci money oi the
banks, legalizing the suspension of specie pay-
ments, and that the Government should issue
; no paper except upon an interest of six per cent ,
or higher, if the money maikets of the world de-
manded more. That was their plan of finance—
the plan substantially adopted in the war of 1812,
and which has been condemned by every states-
man sincc that time—a plan of carrying on the
operations of this gieat Government by a seues of
associated banks ovci which wc had no control;
who could issue money without limit so far as
our laws extended; and by which the Govern-
ment of the United States, m 1 }\'v< time of pen!,
should issue its notes always beaimg interest,
and the banks should be allowed to issue their
notes almost without limit, witliout mteiest, and
■ without any responsibility tor the principal. That
was the scheme presented to us by those very in-
telligent gentlemen.
Hut, Mr. President, what are the objections to
this tax 5 for th ij, so.hjec t has been con vei sud about,
and I bring the matter to the attention of the Sen-
are now, in order that wo may anticipate these
objections, and excite otie i s, if thev exiyt. It
is objected that this tax intrrfeies with vested
nghfs. If I understand it, all the taxes that are
now levied by the Government are to sustain and
maintain vested lights in i>ropej fy, liberty, and
life. They aro not to inn i f"re with vested i iirhts.
"Why, sir, every private citizen holds his pr<>peity
subject to the power of taxation, and Confess
must designate the objects of taxation. There
is no limit to the power of the Government to tax,
except that the tuxes must be uniform throughout
the United States. When, alter a man buys a
farm, a new tax is imposed upon it, as a matter
of course that impairs t.o some extent the value
of the farm. And is the franchise of a corpora-
