1363.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pcnded, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of theUnion.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (No. 356) for the relief of Isaac E. Dilier;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House of Representatives.
SHIP CANALS—AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to a point of order. I
submit that as the bill makes an appropriation,
and is before the EIousc, it necessarily goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without any motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves that it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. The rule is imperative that
the bill shall go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question that is raised is
whether the motion to commit isaconsideration of
the bill. The Chair thinks it is not. The rule is
that the bill making an appropriation shall have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion; but a gentleman
can move to commit it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union or to any other
committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. The motion to recommit is a
debatable motion, and would open up the merits of
the bill so that it would really be considered in the
House.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair thinks the prac-
tice has been to entertain such motions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Would the gentle-
man from New Yoik have a right to debate his
motion ?
The SPEAKER. If he did he could only dis-
cuss the question of committal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does not thatopen
up the entire question?
The SPEAICER. The Chair thinks not, under
such circumstances. Would not the gentleman
have a right to withdraw his bill if the point of
order were made?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. He cannot with-
draw the report of a committee.
The SPEAKER. No; but he could a propo-
sition of his own. And if so, the Chair thinks he
would also have a right to move to commit; but
in that ease, of course, the merits of the bill would
not be before the House.
Mr, STEVENS. Pending my motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the suite of
the Union, 1 move to close all debate m committee
on the deficiency bill in five minutes.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order fin-
to-day in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union which would override that bill un-
less it were postponed.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is that?
The SPEAKER. The fortification bill was
made the special order for to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the j
special order. !
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to that. The !
gentleman has two motions already perrding. i
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is j
not in older at this time J
Mr. STEVENS. I know that, if objection is j
made. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New j
York [Mr. Olix] having demanded the piewons ,
question, the only motions in order are to go into ,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union, and to close debate.
The motion to close debate was agreed to. i
The question recuried on the motion tlut the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve i
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the |
.state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in ,
the negative—yeas GO, nays 67; as follows: :
VEAs?—Mes-is. Wjih.ua Allen. Ancona, Babbitt, Bid- i
tile, Samuel BIuu, William G. Brown, Calvert, CJem-
Cobb. Fred^uek A. Conklm<?, Craven*, Crittenden, 1
Cutler, P.ivi-, Dunn, Edgeiton, Thomas A. I). Fc>sen<ien, ,
Grmei, Flail, Harding, llurri-on, liohnati, Hutclmi-. John- '
s-on, Ivelley. Kerrigan, Lazear, Lehman, McKnight, Mc- 1
PheV>on, Slallorv/Maynard. Menzics, Moorhead. Morris, 1
Nixon,Noble, Norton, Odell. Pendleton,Pike,Porter, John
H. Rice, Sine!. Stevens, Stile*, Fiancis Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Webster, Albert
S. White, Chilton A.. White, Wick lifFe, Wilson, Wmdom,
Worcester, Wught, and Yeaman—60.
NAYS—Mesfcis. Aldrich, William J. Alien, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Batly, Baker, Baxter, Bearnan, Bingham, Jacob B.
ffl.iir, Blake, Butfinton, Casey, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax,
Rovcoo Conkling, Conway, Dawes, Delano, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Samuel C. Fcssenden,Franchot.Frank,Gooch,
Goodwin,Gianger, Gurley, Ilaight, Hale, Hooper, Julian,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoj, Low, Mefndoe, Marion, Mitchell, Justin S.
Momll, Noell, Olin, Pomcroy, Potter, Price, Riddle, Rob-
inson, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shef-
field, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spanieling, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Vibbatd, Wallace, Ward, Washburne, Wha-
ley, and Woodmtf—6"J.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Olin's demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered, being upon the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G7, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J.Allen, Alley, Ai-
nold, Ashley, Bail), Baker, Baxter, Bearnan, Bingham,
Butfinton, Bumham, Oa^ey, Chambeilain, Clark, Colfax,
Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Dawes, Delano, Edwards,
Eitot. Ely, SamuelC. Fe^enden, Franehot. Piank, Goooh,
GooiUvm, Grangei, Guiley, ILught, Hale, Hooper, Hutch-
ins, Franei- \V. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Loomis Love-
joy, Melndoe, Mar.siim, Jus-tin S. .Mori ill, Noel], Ohn,
Timothy G. Phelp-, Pomeioy, Potter, Price, Riddle, Bob
mson, Edwaid II. ItoMiUi, Sament, Sedgwick, Sejrar. Shef-
field, Sliellabarger. Sheiman, Sloan. Benjamin F. Thoma>,
Vibbard, Walker, Wallace, Waid. W.i«=hhmne, Wheeioi,
Whatev, Albeit S. White, and Woodmtl'—67.
NAYS—Messrs-. William Allen, Aneona, Babbitt, Bid-
die, William G. Blown. Calvert, Campbell, Clements,
Cobb, Fredoiiek A. Conkling, Ctavcns, Cutler, Uavis,
Divnti, Dunn, Edgerton, Thomas A. 1) Fe senden, Gilder,
IIall, Harding, Hanson, Ilolman, Johnson, Kelloy, Law,
Lazear, Leniy. Lehman, McKnnjht, MePhewm, jMalloiy,
Muynard, Menziet, Mooihoad. Morri>. Nixon, Noble, Nor-
ton, Pike, Porter. John 11. Rice, Steven?, Stiles, Fianci.x
Thomas, Tumble, Trowbi idge.Y.iIlandiglnun, Wadsworth,
Webstei, Chilton A. White, WiekhfFe, Wilson, Worces-
ter, and Wngbt—54.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Military Adans.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY SUBMARINE CABLE.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a lull to provide for the construc-
tion of a submarine cable; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of War to
cause to be constructed and laid down a subma-
line cable, from Fort McIIenry, Baltimore, or
Fort Monroe, to Galveston, Texas; touching1 at
Fort Macon, North Carolina; Port Royal, South
Carolina; Fernandina, Florida; Key West, Flor-
ida; Fort Pickens, Florida; and Gal veston, Texas;
with a branch from Fort Pickens to New Oilcans,
or such parts of said lines as the exigencies of the
military service may i equire; and it authorizes the
Secretary to make a contract on behalf of the Uni-
te d Slates with such responsible parties as will give
security for the prompt and faithful execution of
the work.
Mr. OLIN. I ask to have a letter read from
the Secretary of War.
The letter was read, as follows:
War Dei'aut.mk.viv, Wasiiivoton City,
January 10, lir63.
Sir : I have the honor to invite the immediate attention
of the committee to the neee-Mtv of L'lunnng authority to
contract foi the la vim? of a Hibmaune cable iiom Foil Mc-
1 £t• 1113, I?aiumoic, of F nt Motnue, to Gal\e-ion, Texa-,
touch in? at Fort M ieon, North Caiolma : Pott Roval. South
Caiolina'; Feru.mdina, Fonda; Key We>t, Fonda; Foir
Pickens, Florida ; and Galveston, Texas, with a branch
from Fort Pickon-* to Ww Oi learn?
The total distance m deep watei and iuchidmir the Mack,
estimated at --even per cent , is about two thousand live
hundred nautical mile-,. The ic-pectabh* Eu<rli-h iii m who
nave taut neath all the Mieerssnil ocean telegiaphie cables,
aie wjUuil' to undertake the contract and guaranty it1- Mie-
eets, m which event payment only is to be made at the
rate of £21)0 per nuie. Ail the Departments, of the Gov-
ernment reco^ni/.c the importance of thi-, .subject, and
events of daily oeeuiiencc, in my opinion, make u Expedi-
ent that the work should .nonce be put under contiaet. It
is represented that it can be completed in four months.
I am. respecttutlv, your obedient .servant.
J3MWN M. STANTON,
Secretary oj JVar.
Hon. A. B. Olix, Chairman of Military Com.niltee oj House
'of Representatives,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed it was ac4<3rd~
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House dp
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING-. I wish to make an
inquiry of the chairman ofthe Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I was unable to hear distinctly the
Secretary's letter. I wish to ask the distance in
miles as stated in that communication. _
Mr. OLIN. Twenty-five hundred, if it go^s
the whole distance. But it may be constructed
for a shorter distance, as the exigencies may re-
quire.
Mr. F. A, CONKLING. What is the estimated
cost per mile ?
Mr. OLIN. Two hundred pounds-sterling.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What is that in our
money—greenbacks? Just state it. Let us have
the amount in dollars. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. That does not come before me. I
have not mode any inquiry on that point.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether it is proposed to give the contract to a
foreign firm.
Mr. OLIN. There is no restriction or limita-
tion imposed. It is supposed that the War De-
partment will, if it be deemed necessary and expe-
dient to do the work, contract for it with whaibever
house enn do it best and most expeditiously. The
committee lias been pestered for some time with
suggestions on thissubjcct. I do not know whether
any house in this country can do it within a reason-
able length of time. If any American firm can sat-
isfy the Government that it can do the work as well
anu expeditiously as it can be done by any foreign
firm, of course the American firm will have the
preference. But I do not think it wise for Con-
gress to tie up the hands of the Department by
directing it to contract here or to contract there.
Mr. WARD. I understand that there is a pro-
vision in the bill directing a contract to be made
with a foreign house.
Mr. OLIN. No, sir. The bill contains noth-
ing on the subject. It only authoiizes the War
Department to make the best terms it can any-
where and with anybody, leaving it full discre-
tion. The letter of the Secretary of War states to
the committee that he had learned by communi-
cation with an English house which has laid down
pretty much till the successful submarine cables
that are in operation, for what sum the work can
be done; but the bill docs not suggest that that
house or any other shall be contracted with.
Mr. WARD. I understand that the cablb can
be manufactured in this country as well as in
Europe; and I hope that the Military Commit-
tee will allow some opportunity to have the bill
amended, so as to throw the matter more distinctly
open to competition.
Mr. OLIN. How can it be thrown more dis-
tinctly open to competition than it is by the bill?
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Military Committee what would
be the probable aggregate expense of this work?
Mr. OLIN. It is staled that the whole can he
put into operation, and its success guarantied for
£'200 sterling per mile.
Mr. MAYNARD. But I do not happen to
know how many miles it is to be.
Mr. OLIN. About two thousand five hundied
nautical miles—$2,500,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. One other question. Is it
not piacucable for a vessel to fish it up with her
anchors, and break and render it useless?
Mr. OLIN. I am informed that the submarine
cable now at the mouth of the St. Lawrence river
has been hitched upon frequently with anchors,
and that the vessels have always lost their an-
chors.
Mr. MAYNARD. How long will it probably
take to do the wot k ?
Mr. OLIN. They can lay down some thirty
miles per day. The house referred to will guar-
anty to perforin the work within four months. I
may state here that if this cable had been m ex-
istence two months ago it would have been worth
to the Government more than four times its cost.
The disaster at Galveston would have been soon
repaired.
Mi. WARD. I move that the bill be laid upon
the table, and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
