1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfrOMh
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Taxation of JBanh Bills—Mr. Sherman.
" SflNAtB.'
tion^ more sacred property than the franchise of
an individual, the right which he possesses un-
der the laws to hold his land as property? Not
at all. All 4hese corporate franchises are held
subject and subordinate to the power of taxation
in Congress, which is sometimes necessary to be
exercised in the most potent manner in order to
maintain the Government. The States cannot by
an act of incorporation place their property be-
yond the power of Congress. A State may, by
law, moke a contract with individuals which it
cannot impair by taxation; but it cannot thus
affect the power of Congress.
But it is said this tax discriminates againstbanks.
Every tariff and revenue act discriminates in the
objects of taxation. Look over your tariff bills;
you will find a multitude of taxes. The law that
we passed at the last session discriminates between
the various employments of life; it has a multi-
tude of taxes, some higher, some lower. The
only limitation upon the power of Congress on
that subject, is, that the taxes must be uniform;
that is, a tax that applies in Vermont must also ap-
ply in Louisiana; a tax that is imposed on the peo-
ple of Ohio must also he imposed on the people
of New York; but the objects of taxation may be
selected by Congress according to its wisdom, and
taxes may be higher on one business and lower
on another. Ancl certainly, those gentlemen who
believe Congress rightfully exercises its power of
taxation co protect domestic manufacturers, can
hardly object to the exercisc of the same power of
taxation when it is necessary to protect ourselves
against the competition of paper money. If we
can protect our industry against the competition
of foreign pauper labor, we surely may protectour-
selves against the incorporate agencies of States.
The only question with me in this matter is what
rate of taxation ought to be levied. Is two per
cent, too high ? i think it is not, because it is only
one third of the profit derived from the issue of
paper money without interest, and the principal
of which is not now paid in coin. The tax on
fractional currcncy is upon a different basis. By
anactpassedatthelastsession it was madeacrime
for individuals and corporations to issue fractional
currency, and yet we know this statute cannot be
enforced. It ought to be repealed. One of the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States
has cast doubts upon its constitutionality. I will
not discuss that question now, but certain it is
that a law which is openly violated by all classes
of citizens ought riot to remain upon the statute-
book. When a law becomes so weak, so inoper-
ative, that all men daily violate it with impunity,
it should no longer be on the statute-book, but
should be repealed. Yet howare we to check the
issue of this fractional currency except by taxa-
tion? Everybody knows that the issue of shin-
plasters, as they are commonly and ignominious-
ly but very properly called, is injurious in every
sense and ought to bo abolished. Now, however,
all kinds of corporations arc issuing them. We
ought to get rid of them, but how can it be done
except by taxation ? The tax proposed by this
bill is ten per cept. on fractional currency, which
is probably about as much as or more than any
one can make out of it, and which will amount
really to a prohibition. This is a tax that can
easily be collected. Fractional currency is issued
either by corporations or by wealthy bankers
scattered over the country. If they violate the
law by issuing it, they usually have property, for
without property their shinplasters would not be
taken, and if they have property we can very
easily, through the machinery we have now or-
ganized, collect the tax, even if it is a high one.
Under the operations of this bill you^vill have a
simple remedy, and I think an efficient one, to
cure the issue of fractional currency, and at the
same time to levy a reasonable contribution on
banks of circulation.
Mr. President, i have thus stated this question
3imply as a question of taxation; but I should not
be candid, I should not state my real purpose, if
1 did not say frankly that I have another and a
much Ivigher objcct than this to accomplish. The
purpose of this bill is to induce the banks of the
United States to withdraw their bank paper, in
order to substitute for it a national currency, or
rather the national currency we have already
adopted. This, sir, is not a new object. I might'
New Series—No. 4.
read to you from volumes of speeches of our great-
est statesmen, from the foundation of this^Gov-
ernment, to show you that the establishment of
a national currency, based upon the lawsofCon-
gress, either of gold or silver or some form of cur-
rency , has ever been regarded as indispensable to
the prosperity of the country. When the cur-
rency can be regulated byanumberofStates,and
under a multitude of laws, it is impossible to have
a uniform, stable, and sound currency. The first
Bank of the United States was expressly placed
upon this ground by Mr. Hamilton and all those
who supported it. The second Bank of the Uni^
ted States was placed on this ground by Mr. Madi-
son, from whoso message of December 5,1815,1
will read a short extract to show you that the
statesmen of that time regarded the establishment
of a uniform national currency as the highest
object of legislation. Mr. Madison said:
" It is, however, essential to every modification of the
finance?, thai the benefits of a uniform naiionai cunency
&hould bu ie>tored totho community. The absence ot tfoo
precious metals wj.11, it is believed, be a temporary evil,
but until they can again be rendered the general medium
of exchange, it devolves on the wisdom of Congress to
provide a substitute which shall equally engage the confi-
dence and accommodate the wants of the citizens through-
out the Union."
This is a statement of the whole matter. When
coin, the best national currcncy, is driven out of
circulation by the existence of war or extraneous
circumstances, then it is the duty of Congress to
provide a substitute. Congress did at that time pro-
vide a substitute in the form of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States. All the State banks shortly afterward
exploded, and almostthe entire issue outstanding
at the time this message was written fell as a loss
to the people of the United States. The Bank of
the United States did furnish, for a while, a stable
currency. After its charter expired, the contro-
versy was between gold and silver as a national
currency, and paper money. Nearly all the
statesmen of that time believed that it was neces-
sary to have a national currency in some form,
but theie was a party in the country that believed
the only true national currency was bullion—gold
and silver coin. After a controversy that I will
not review, because it is familiar, we know Chat
the sub-Treasury system was finally adopted.
The Government of the United States then was
out of debt. The agency of a United States B.uik
was no longer necessary to sustain the public
credit. The Government had no occasion to ap-
peal to the people for credit, its debt was paid off,
and there was a large surplus in the Treasury,
which was distributed among the States. The
objcct then was to establish a stable national cur-
rcncy. The State banks had failed to accomplish
the purposes for which they were intended; their
notes were mostly lying dead in the hands of the
people, entirely worthless, useless either as a cur-
rency or as an investment. Therefore, I think
wisely, the sub-Treasury system was adopted, and
gold and silver coin was made the only national
currency, i believe that is the true policy. If
peace were restored to this country, we ought as
soon as possible to go back to the basis of gold
and silver coin; but, in the mean time, we must
meet the exigencies of the hour. Paper money
is now a necessity. Gold arid silver are hoarded.
War always has, and in all ages always will, lead
to the hoarding of the precious metals. Gold and
silver flee from a state of war; they always have
and always will. Every nation, in modern times,
since paper money lias been recognized as an
agency, has resorted to paper money in times of
trial. It was the old continental currency that
carricd our fathers through the Revolution; and,
although it was afterwards depreciated and dis-
honored, I could show you, by the opinions of
the eminent statesmen of the time, that but for
that paper money the colonies would have been
entirely overwhelmed by the British power, it
was only by the use of paper money that England
maintained her gigantic wars with Napoleon. At
several petiods during the wars of England with
Napoleon, gold and silver were at a greater pre-
mium in England than they are now in this coun-
try* It was only by paper money issued sub-
stantially by the Government, or by the Bank of
England, which is but an agent of iho Govern-
ment, that those wars were maintained.
I think, Mr. President, it is possible that the
specie standard might have been maintained III
this country, but in order to do it we shoald'haVf
had to resort to very desperate measures,
country might have carricd on this war upob-'tEf
basis of gold and silver coin, but, in prder to iiatJ
done this, we must have reduced every salarjr aricf
every employment to the lowest possible Hrriit,'
Instead of raising the pay of our soldiers, w4
should Imve had to reduce it. We should hav§
had to depend upon conscription laws. Recog-
nizing the great difficulties that surrounded us^ '
we should have had to regard the whole property
of the people of the United States and all the#
physical energy as Uie proper means to putdoWil
a rebellion, and we should have seized these by
force. I am not sure now but that it would have
been better to have met this struggle at the out-*
set by the use of these strong and powerful meas-
ures, by a frank appeal to the people, by the pas-
sage of a strict conscription law, founded upon
just principles, something after the model of the
French law, by the reduction of all salaries, by.
an appeal to force, and by hurling the vast phys-
ical power of the loyal people of The United States
against the rebels in arms against theirauthority.
But, Mr. President, we know that was notfn ac-
cordance with the sense of our constituents; it was
not in accordance with the sense of either House of
Congress. You preferred on the other hand to pay
liberally to all, and instead of reduction, in almost
every case you increased the salaiies of officers
of the Government, and wasted, I fear lavishly,
much of the money of the people at the outset of
this war. We were driven to the use of paper
money; we have to resort to it now; w£ mustde-
pend upon it; we cannot gel along without it. All
we can do is, in making use of this paper money,
to throw around it all the guards and checks pos-
sible, to mak<- the amount issued as small as pos-
sible, and to drive out of circulation that which
tends to depreciate and destroy its value.
There can be no doubt about the power ofCon-
gress on this subject; and in order to fortify my
opinion, and show that the whole question has
been examined by much wiser men, I will read
an extract from the leport of Mr. Dallas, in De-
cember, 1815. I read this short extiact to show
that never has the exclusive power of Congress
over the currency been denied oven by those gen-
tlemen who were in favor of gold and silver as the
standard of all values. Sir. Dallas, in his famous
report made in December, 1815, says:
" Dy the Constitution of the United States, Congress is
exprt'fe-lj vesudwnh the power to com money, to reg-
ulate the value ofdomestie and foreign coin:-, in circulation,
and (as a ucceh,.-,aiy implication fioiu positive piovit-ions)
to emu bills of credit; while it is. declaiul by liie same in-
stimnent, that 'no St.itc shall coin mon«-y, ot emit bills of
ciedit.'" * * * + « The constitutional authority to
emit bills of ciedit lias ols-o been (xeieiscd in a qualified
and limited manner. During the existence oi the Hank of
tin Puiud States, the bills or notc-soi thoeoipoiation were
declared by law to be receivable in all pawnents to the
United States; and the Trcasuiy note?, which have been
since is-hued for the services of the late wai, have been en-
dowed wuh the same quality." * *" * *
"The constitutional and legal foundation of the mon-
ctaiy system ot the United States is thus distinctly seen ;
and the powei of the Fedeial Government tu ms-taute and
regulate it, whether the ciiculatmg medium consist of com
0! of bills of cicditj mus?t,in it--ireneial pohej,a:> well as m
the terms of its iuvcj-tment, be defined .in e\ehi>ive power.
It is true, that a system depending upon the ji«jewy of the
precious} metals will be atFectcd'bv the various cueum-
stances winch dnmm>h their quantity ot detciioiate their
quality. The coin of a State sometimes- vanishes under the
influence of political alarms, <-oinotmies m consequence of
the explosion of meicantilc speculation-, and sometimes
b> the drum of an unfavorable cour-e of tiade. But, when-
ever the emergency occurs that demands a chanire of sys-
tem, it seems neces^aiily to follow that the authouty which
was alone competent to establi.-h the national com, is alone
competent to create a national Mibnitute."
These extracts from a document of great abil-
ity state the whole question in a few words.
Congress has the power to regulate commerce;
Congress has the power to borrow money, which
involves the power to emit bills of credit; Con-
gress has the power to regulate the value of coin.
These powers are exclusive. When, by the force
of cii cumstanccs beyond our control, the national
coin disappears, either from war or from other
circumstances, Congress alone must furnish the
substitute. No State has the power to interfere
with this exclusive power in Congress to regu-
late the national currency, or, in other words, to
provide a substitute for the national coin.
The question then, Mr. President, is not be-
