60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 8,
37th Gong....3d Bess.
Taxation of Bank Bills—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
tween coin and paper, because I have shown that
we cannot resort' to coin. The question is be-
tween a national currency and a currency issued
fry State corporations, or a mixture of both. Now,
I wish to state very briefly the objections to local
banks; and I am here bound to say that I have
always been friendly to banks, and am now in-
terested in a bank.
The objections to local banks are obvious.
Senators will recognize them and feel their force
when I state them. The first is the great number
and diversity of bank chatters. There are six-
teen hundred and forty-two banks in the United
States, established by the laws of twenty-eight
different States, and these laws are as diverse,
I was about to say, as the human countenance.
They are established upon various bases. We
have the State bank system with its branches.
Wc have the independent system, sometimes se-
cured by bonds, sometimes State bonds,sometimes
byreal estate, sometimes a mixture of both. We
have every diversity of bank system in this coun-
try that has been devised by the wit of man, and
all these banks have a power to issue paper money,
competingdaily with the national currency. With
this multiplicity of banks, depending; upon differ-
ent organizations, it is impossible to have a uni-
form national cunency, for the value of our na-
tionalcurrency is constantly affected by the issues
of this multitude of State banks. There is no
common regulator; they are dependent on differ-
ent systems.* The clearing-house system adopted
in the city of New York, only applies to that city.
It cannot be effective when extended over a great
region of country. There is no check or control
over thes<fbanks. There is a want of harmony
and concert among them. Whenever a failure
occurs, such as that of the Ohio Life Insurance
and Trust Company, it operates like a panic in a
disorganized army: all of them close their doors
at once and suspend specie payments.
There is another objection to these local banks,
and it is one which we cannot disregard, and that
is their unequal distribution among the States.
In New England the circulation of the banks is
now about 150,000,000, while in Ohio, a State
with three fourths of the population of all New
England, it is but. $9,000,000. When you make
the contrast with other States, it is still moie
marked. Wc, in the West, arc now usinj? the
paper money of the New-England and New Yoi k
banks, and wo arc paying to the East the interest
on §40,000,000, which we would much rather, in
these times of difficulty, pay to the United States.
The western people would be better satisfied now
if they had the notes of the United States instead
of the $40,000,000 of eastern bank bills that are
circulating anions them. According to a recent
statement, which I have before me, the circulation
of banks in the eastern States has nownwehtd
about $130,000,000; and of that amount one third
is computed to be in the western eonnti y. I have
no doubt that we aie now circulating in the West
$40,000,000 of puj ht money issued by the banks
of the East. Much of it seeks the West as a me-
dium of exchange Ibrouragricultural pioduetions.
We are using this money, and the banks aie de-
riving a profit of the interest on that money. If
this paper was driven out of circulation, and the
United States notes should fill the vaeuum, it would
make a contribution to the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States of $2,400,000, for the meie interest of
a currency winch we do not prefer, but are now
compeiledto use because U it circulated among us.
The losses to the people by counterfeiting never
can be avoided when you have such a multitude
of banks. It requnes now skilled experts to de-
tect counterfeits. People have made this business
of counterfeiting so perfect that it is difficult for
the best experts to detect them; it nowdependsas
well on tie general appearance of the holder as of
th^note. When a stranger presents a bank bill
for circulation, the person about to receive it looks
rather at the man who presents it to see whether
his face is honest, than at the bill to detect whether
it is counterfeit or not. It is impossible to avoid
counterfeiting, or to provide guards against it.
Bank experts may save the banks, but the loss
still fails upon the people. You cannot prevent
the people from suffering largely from counterfeit-
ing when you have sixteen hundred different
banks, issuing each of them seyeral different kinds
of bills, under the laws of twenty-eight different
States. On the other hand, by the substitution of
the national currency we substantially lose noth-
ing by counterfeiting. When the notes are few in
kind, only three or four of them, all issued by the
United States, all of a uniform character, they
cannot be counterfeited, because their face will
become so familiar that every man will know a
genuine note; he will detect it in a moment as the
countenance of a familiar friend. But when he has
to decide on the issues of sixteen hundred banks,
how is it possible for an ordinary citizen to detect
the counterfeit?
The loss to the people of the United States by
broken bank bills is computed to be equivalent to
five per cent, ofthe entire issue. Every twenty years
it is supposed thattheentire bank circulation ceases
to exist or deteriorates. Some banks pass through
the storm and their notes are good, but probably
two or three are successively scattered as wrecks
along the wayside, until it is now computed by in-
telligent bankers that the loss to the people of the
United States, over and above the loss of interest,
by the simple process of broken bank bills, is five
per cent, per annum. This cannot be guarded
against by all your laws. Why, sir, when the sys-
tem of free banking was established in the western
country, all those who were friendly to batiks, and
I was among them, said " now we have a stable
issue; we have bank bills based upon the bonds
of the States, and it is not possible that these bonds
will ever deteriorate in value and the people lose
money." And yet, sir, within two years from the
establishment of this system, by the depreciation
of the bonds of the States, or by fraud, these notes
became depreciated, and in some cases were of no
value whatever. In some cases the bonds were
abstracted; in some cases frauds were committed
by bank officers. From some cause or other these
notes that we all supposed to be upon a stable
basis disappeared like snow before the summer's
sun. The people are constantly losing by them,
and you cannot by the wisdom of man guard
against the frauds and peculations, the genius of
rascality to which men sometimes engaged in this
business resort. I wish to cast no reflection what-
ever on persons engaged in ranking, but naturally
rogues will resort to this business because it is
one in which they may sometimes by deception
issue worthless promises to pay without punish-
ment or exposure.
The loss of exchange by local currency is very
great. Ordinarily, the exchange from the West
to the East is one per cent. This loss is usually
made a gam to themselves by the bankers and
shavers. The suction of this class of people is
equivalent to one per cent, of the circulation. In
the western country you cannot buy a draft with-
out paying this exchange; and I haveknown itas
high us ten percent. This difference of exchange
is a common cover for usurious interest. Plain
farmers wishing to bono w money are required to
diaw drafts on New York, by which contrivance
they pay usurious interest. All this exchange is
a loss to the people. Even in the most favorable
time, in a favorable state of trade between the East
and the West, an exchange of one per ccnt. is de-
manded for drafts and bills of exchange, simply
because the notes of the East are worth more than
those uf the West. But if you had a national cur-
rency, uniform and equal throughout the coun-
try, the cost of exchange to the people would only
be the cost of tiansfor from one portion of the
country to the other. From Cincinnati to New
York it would be only one tenth of one per cent.,
and it could not be higher if the only basis of
exchange was gold and silver, or the paper money
of the Canned States, which can be transferred
from one section to the other for from one tenth
to one eighth of one per cent.
There is a still more serious objection to this
paper money. With a system of local banks there
is no power to control over-issues and consequent
depreciation of currency. By enbigmg the vol-
ume of cunency, it depreciates the value of Uni-
i ted States notes; and even now, when the United
States have issued $250,000,000 of notes, the banks
have increased their circulation. Why? Because
they can make money by its increase, and that
consideration will always control private individ-
uals^ We cannot say that it would not control
us; if we had the legal aqthoiity to issue money,
and found that we could make money by the issue,
we should find reason enough for issuing it. Men
will always be governed by their interests.
I have before me a table which has been care-
fully prepared, showing that on the 1st of January,
1862, in the loyal States, there was a circulation
of §129,000,000. Now it is $107,000,000. What
power have you over this ? How can you pre-
vent this increase? You cannot do it except by
taxation. The banks are governed by the local
laws of the States in which they are situated.
Those local laws are beyond your .power; you
have no way to reach them except by a system
of taxation. They may go on making this in-
crease from $167,000,000 to $500,000,000, until all
the values in this country are destroyed,depend-
ing upon a baseless issue, the redemption of which
you cannot guaranty. I have here, from the
Bankers' Magazine, a statement showing where
this large increase has occurred. In the city of
New York there has been an increase, since the
1st of January, of per cent.; in the State
of Massachusetts there has been an increase of
41j9^ per cent.; in the State of New Hampshire
there has been an increase of 27j§ff per cent.;
in the city of Philadelphia there has been an in-
crease of 138j30°g- per cent., until the sagacity of
the bankers began to notice the increase and sus-
pected the money of the banks issuing the large in-
crease. In the western country, for local reasons
that I need not mention, on account of the exist-
ence of the limitations in the charters of the banks
of Ohio and Indiana, this increase has not gone
on so rapidly; but even in Ohio there has been
an increase, and a considerable increase, of the
paper money.
And, sir, the system of local bank paper destroys
all hope of a national currency, and defeats a plain
provision of the Constitution. It is difficult to re-
sist the conviction that notes issued by State cor-
porations are bills of credit prohibited by the
Constitution of the United States. I know that
these banks have existed for long years, have {^tien
acquiesced in, and have been regarded as estab-
lished constitutionally by the States; I therefore
shall not give my own opinion merely, but shall
fortify it by the history of the clause of the Con-
stitution forbidding States to emit bills of credit;
I shall show you that it was the intention of the
framers of the Constitution to destroy absolutely
all paper money, except that issued by the United
States. In the Constitution as originally framed,
the States had power to emit bills of credit and to
make them a tender in payment of debts if Con-
gress would consent. The prohibition was not ab-
solute. That was the condition of the draft of the
-Constitution on the 28th of August, 1787, when
it appears from the Madison Papers that—
tk Mr. Wilson and Mr. Sheiman moved to inseit, after
the words s to coin money,' the woias e nor emir bills of
eredit, nor make anything but gold and sitvc coin a tender
in pa>ment of debts making these prohibitions absolute,
ins-toad of making tlie measures allowable, as jn the thn-
teenth article, with the consent of the Legislature of the
United States.
"Mr. GorJiam thought the purpose would be a« well se-
cured by the piovisiou of article thirteen, which makes the
consent of the General Legislature necpssary; and that in
that mode, no opposition would be excited; whejeas, an
absolute prohibition of paper money would louse the most
desperate opposition from its pam-an«.
"Mr. Sherman thought this? a favorable crisis for crush-
ing paper money. If the consent of the Legislature could
authorize emissions of it, the friends of paper money would
make every exertion to get into the Legislature in order to
license it.
"The question being divided—on the first part,' nor emit
bills of credit
"New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Penn-
sylvania, Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, aye—8; Virfnnia.no—]; Maiyland, dmded.
" The remaining pan of Mr. WiKon's and Mr Sherman's
motion was agreed to, nem. con."
Now, Mr. President, I show you here that this
prohibition was made absolute after considera-
tion and debate, and upon the distinctground that
it was important to crush paper money; and there-
fore the States were forbidden, under any circum-
stances, to emit bills of credit. The same debate
showsthatit was considered that the United States
had the power to emitbills of credit underthegen-
eral authority to borrow money. That-is un-
doubtedly true. Where an authority is conferred
to borrow money, the securities for that money
may be issued in any form that the Legislature
prescribes; and the States, under their general au-
thority to borrow money, could emit bills of credit
