ST02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
New York will move to postpone the bill for two
weeks.
Mr. OLIN. I decline to do so.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 69; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. William Alien, William J. Allen, Batfy,
William G. Brown, Calvert,.Campbell, Casey, Clements,
Cobb, Conway, Cravens, Ciisfield, Crittenden, Davit!, Ed--
geitmi, Glider, Hall, flolman, Johi^on, Francis W. Kel-
logjr. IOm<rm>, Law, Lazear, MoKntghr, Mallory,Mitchell,
Mori is, Noble, Noell, Pendleton, Robinson, Stevens, Stiles,
Fianci< Thomas, Tumble, Vallandighatn, Wadswortli,
Waul, Webster, Whalev, Albert S. 'White, Chilton A.
White, Wickliffo, Wood, Woodiuff, Wright, and Yea-
man—17.
oNA Vr*—Aldiieh, Ancona, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ilor. Bauer. Biddle, Bingham. Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Butfimon, Chamberlain, Chuk, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
lini?, Ko«eoe Conklinjr. Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duiin, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Samuel C. Fessendon, Thomas
A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gurley, Hale,
Hams-on, Hooper, Ilorton, Hutchins, Ivelley, Leary, Leh-
man, Loom is, Lovejoy,Lmv, Mcludoe, Mel'hor&ou, Mars?-
ton, Majnaid,Moorhead. Justin S. Moirill,OHn, Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John If. Rice,
Riddle. Edward II. Rollins, San*ent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Sheffield, Shcllabarger, Sherman, Van Horn, Vibbard,
Walker, Wallace, YVasliburne, Wilson, and Windoni—-G9.
So the House refused to lay the hill on the
tabki.
Mr, OLIN. I wish to make a suggestion which
I am persuaded will meet the entire approbation
of the House if this measure is understood. 1
propose that (ho bill be ordered to be printed, and
disposed of finally to-morrow morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope we shall dispose
of the matter now.
Mr. OLIN. Very well; then I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the vote is taken on
that motion, I ask the consent of the House to
intioduee a bill ptovidtng for the election of Rep-
resentatives m Congress from the State of Ten-
nessee.
Objection was made,
The House refused to adjourn—ayes 42, noes
52.
The question recurred on ordering the previous
question*
The previous question was-seconded; and the
main question was ordered to he put.
Mi. CALVERT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLM AN moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 4, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesu-tday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a repoit of the Secieiary of the Treasmy,
communicating, in anywei to a icsolution of the
Senate of the :23d day of January, information
relative to the duty on pnnfing paper under the
act of March 2. 1861; which was lefWred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to bo printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC , APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to r< consider the
vote by which th" hill (II. R. No. 635) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1864, and for the year
ending June 30, J863, and forotherpurposes, was
passed, m order to make one or two amendments
in k. I find thjt tin- Clerk did not exactly get the
idea which some of us had here with leference to
one or two amendments, and it is necessary to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed
in order to make some verbal alterations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to be read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now move in line forty-
one, on page 40 of the printed bill, after the word
"Department," to strike out the words "and offi-
ces."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to change
the new section four to a clause to*be inserted
after line thirty-eight, and to modify the same
so as to read as follows:
In the office of the Quartermaster General, four clerks of
class four, ninety clerks of class one, and thirty copyists,
and six laborers at an annual compensation of $600 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. HOWE presented the credentials of Hon.
James R. Doolittle, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of Wisconsin for the term of six
years, commencing on the 4th day of March
next; which were read, and ordered to be placed
on the files of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. RICHARDSON presented the petition of
Thomas Richardson and others, citizens of Illi-
nois, praying for compensation for damages done
to theirproperty by United States soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of
Maigaret L. Stevens, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Isaac 1. Stevens, praying for an additional
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
488) to change the times of holding the circuit and
district courts of the United States in the several
districts in the seventh circuit, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
659) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, reported it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the CommiLLee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referied the bill (S. No.
473) to amend an act entitled "An act to prevent
members of Congress and officers of the Govern-
ment of the United States from taking considera-
tions for procuring contracts, office, or place, from
the United States, and for other purposes," re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 496) to amend the act
entitled "An act extending the jurisdiction of the
district courts to ceituin cases upon the lakes and
navigable voters connecting the same, " passed
Febi uary26,1845, reported it without amendment
and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 267) to divide-
the State of Michigan into two judicial districts,
and to provide for holding the district and circuit
courts therein, reported it without amendment and
adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a lesolution instructing the com-
mittee to inquire into the necessity of increasing
the fees of the United States marshal for the north-
ern and southern districts of California, asked to
be discharged fromits furtherconsideration;which
was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
451) to pi event correspondence with rebels, re-
I ported it without amendment.
, Mi. NESMITH, from the Committee on Mili-
l tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
■ the memorial of Colonel Charles S. Meicluintand
i other officers of the United States Army, praying
! for indemnification for property lost on board the
; steamships Winfield Scott and San Francisco, re-
j ported a hill (S. No. 500) for the relief of the
; officers and soldiers of the United States Army
i who sustained loss by the disasters to the steam-
| shipiTWmfield Scott and San Francisco; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
! Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Military
.! Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
|j bill (S. No. 495) to facilitate the transportation of
ILtroops, stores, and mails of the United States be-
tween the city ofWashmgton,the Point of Rocks,
and the city of Pittsburg, and between Washing-
ton and the waters of the Chesapeake, reported it
with an amendment, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain John Mullan,
of the United States A rmy, praying for relief, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 502) for the relief of Captain
John Mullan, of the United States Army; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed, by a resolution of the Senate, to inquire
into the expediency of publishing the report of
Captain Mullan, of his military survey of the route
from the Columbia river to Fort Benton, in Da-
kota Territory, reported in favor of printing the
same; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 118) to revive an act to secure to the officers
and men actually employed m the Western de-
partment, or department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension, and for other purposes, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referred a report
of the Secretary of the Interior in relation to the
number of slaves and persons holding slaves in
the District of Columbia; a report of the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the officers and men
belonging to the regular and volunteer forces of
the United States confined-in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia; the petition of H. Ad-
dison, and others, in behalf of the corporate au-
thorities of Georgetown, D. C., praying for aid
in the repairing of streets; a petition of citizens
of the Districtof Columbia, praying that the banks
in said District may be authorized to issue small
notes; a petition of citizens of Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, praying for an extension of the charter of
the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany; a petition of merchants, and others, of the
District of Columbia, praying for a renewal of
the charters of the banks of the District; the peti-
tion of Jacob Gideon and others, citizens of Wash-
ington, praying for the suppression of grog-shops
in the District of Columbia; a memorial of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying for a
suspension of the act of December 27, 1854, to
suppress the circulation of small notes; a memo-
rial of citizens of Washington city, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of Penn-
sylvania avenue; and a memorial of the Commis-
sioners of the Metropolitan Police of the District
of Columbia, praying that hospital accommoda-
tions may be furnished to destitute small-pox pa-
tients, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referred the bill
(S. No. 66) declaring the "act to retroccde the
county of Alexandria in the District of Columbia
to the State of Virginia" to be unconstitutional,
and for repealing the same; the bill (S. No. 71)
authorizing the Alexandria, Loudoun,and Hamp-
shire Railroad Company to extend their road
within the city of Washington; the bill (S. No.
i 118) to incorporate the Guardian Society for the
| Reformation of Juvenile Offenders in the District
I of Columbia; the bill (S. No. 176) to incorporate
, the Citizens'Gns Light Company; the bill (S.No.
186) to authorize the issue of small notes by the
: corporation of the city of Washington, District
j of Columbia; the bill (S. No. 209) to authorize
j the corporation of Georgetown, in the Districtof
| Columbia, to issue certain notes for circulation;
| the bill (S. No. 210) to repeal certain laws and
! ordinances in the Districtof Columbia relating to
j persons of color; the bill (S. No. 322) to reor-
1 gamze the courts in the Distnct of Columbia, and
: for other purposes; the hill (S. No. 344) to incor-
1 porate the Metropolitan Gas Light Company in
i the District of Columbia; the bill (S. No. 369)
i abolishing the office of marshal in the Districtof
I Columbia, and creating that of sheriff in the Dis-
! trictof Columbia; and the joint resolution (S. No.
| 18) to provide for the release of certain persons
! confined in the countyjail for the county of Wash-
i ington, in the District of Columbia, reported them
1 back without amendment, and asked^ to be dis-
! charged from their further consideration.
