1863.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS;
jiff
37th Cong....3d Sess. The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. Vallandighatfi. Ho. of EepS.
fire. The spirit of persecution for opinion's sake,
almost extinrt in tho Old World, now, by some
mysteYious transmigration, appeared incarnate in
the New. Social relations wore dissolved; friend-
ships broken up; the ties of family and kindred
snapped asunder. Stripes and hanging weree very
where threatened, sometimes executed. Assas-
sination was invoked; slandersharpened his tooth;
falsehood crushed truth to the earth; reason fled;
madness reigned. Not justice only escaped to the
skies, but peace returned to the bosom of God,
whence she came. The gospel of love perished;
hate sat enthroned, and the sacrifices of blood
smoked upon every altar.
But the reign of the mob was inaugurated only
to be supplanted by the iron domination of arbi-
trary power. Constitutional limitation was broken
down; habeas corpus fell; liberty of the press, of
speech, of the person, of mails, of travel, of one's
own house, and of religion; the right to bear arms,
due process of law, judicial trial, trial by jury,
trial at all; every badge and muniment of free-
dom in republican government or kingly govern-
ment—all went down at a blow; and the chief law
officer of the crown—I beg pardon, sir, but it is
easy now to fall into thiscourtly language—the At-
torney General, first of all men, proclaimed in the
United States the maxim of Roman servility: What'
ever pleases the President, that is law! Prisoners
of State were then first heard of here. Midnight
and arbitrary arrests commenced; travel was in-
terdicted; trade embargoed; passports demanded;
bastileswere introduced; strange oaths invented;
a secret police organized; " piping'' began; in-
formers multiplied; spies now first appeared in
America. The right to declare war, to raise and
support armies, and to provide and maintain a
navy was usurped by the Executive; and in a lit-
tle more than two months a land and naval force
of over three hundred thousand men was in the
field or upon the sea. An army of public plun-
derers followed, and corruption struggled with
power in fnendlv stiife for the mastery at home-
On the 4th of July Congress met, not to seek
peace; not to rebuke usurpation nor to restrain
power: not certainly to deliberate; not even to le-
gislate, but to register and ratify the edicts and
acts of the Executive; and in your language, sir,
upon the fiist day of the session, to invoke a uni-
versal baptism of fire and blood amid the roar of
cannon and the din of battle. Free speech was
had only at the risk of a prison; possibly of life.
Opposition was silenced by tho fierce clamor of
" disloyalty." Ali business not of war was voted
out of order. Five bundled thousand men, an im-
mense navy, and two and hundred fifty millions of
money were speedily granted. In twenty, at most
in sixty days, the rebellion was to be crushed out.
To doubt it was treason. Abject submission was
demanded. Lay down your arms, sue foi peace,
surrender your leaders—forfeiture, death—this
was the only language heard on this floor. The
galleries responded; the corridors cchoed; and
contractors and placemen and other venal patriots
everywhere gnashed upon 1 he friends of peace as
they passed by. In five weeks seventy-eight pub-
lic and private acts and joint lesoiulions, with de-
claratory resolutions, in the Senate and House,
quite as numerous, all full of slaughter, were bur-
ned through without delay and almost without
debate.
Thus was civil war inaugurated in America.
Can any man to-day see the end of it?
And now naidon me, sir, if I pause here a mo-
ment to define my own position at this time upon
this great question.
Sir, I am one of that number who have opposed
abolitionism, or the political development of the
anti-slavery sentiment of the North and West,
from the beginning. In school, at college, at the
bar, m public assemblies, in the Legislature, in !
Congress, boy and man, as a private citizen and j
in public life, in time of peace and in time of war, j
at all times and at evety SdCtifiec, I have fought j
against it. It cost me ten years' exclusion fiom i
office and lion or, at that period of life when honors
aie swetpst. No matter: 1 learned early to do
right and to wait. Sir, it k but the develop-
ment of the spirit of intermeddling, whose chii-
dieu are strife and murder. Cain troubled him-
self about the sdciificcs of Abel, and slew him.
Most of the wars, contentions, litigation, and
bloodshed, from the beginning of time, have been
its fruits. The spirit of non-intervention is the
very spirit of peace and concord. I do not be-
lieve that if slavery had never existed here we
would have had no sectional controversies. This
very civil war might have happened fifty, per-
haps a hundred years later. Other and stronger
causes of discontent and of disunion, it may be,
have existed between other States and sections,
and are now being developed every day into ma-
turity. The spirit of intervention assumed the
form of abolitionism because slavery was odious
in name and by association to the northern mind,
and because it was that which most obviously
marks the different civilizations of the two sec-
tions. The South herself, in her early and later
efforts to rid herself of it, had exposed the weak
and offensive parts of slavery to the world. Abo-
lition intermeddling taught her at last to search
for and defend the assumed social, economic, and
political merit and values of the institution. But
there never was an hour from the beginning when
it did not seem to me as clear as the sun at broad
noon, that the agitation in any form in the North
and West of tho slavery question must sooner or
later end in disunion and civil war. This was
the opinion and prediction for years of Whig and
Democratic statesmen alike; and after the unfor-
tunate dissolution of the Whig party in 1854, and
the organization^ the present Republican party
upon an exclusively anti-slavery and sectional
basis, the event was inevitable; becaxise, in the
then existing temper of the public mind, and after
the education through the piess and by the pul-
pit, the lecture and the political canvassfortwenty
years, of a generation taught to hate slavery and
the South, the success of that party, possessed,
as it was, of every engine of political, business,
social, and religious influence, was certain. It
was only a question of time, and short time.
Such was its strength, indeed, that I do not be-
lieve that the union of the Democratic party in
I860 on any candidate, even though he had been
supported also by the entire so-called conserva-
tive or ami-Lincoln vote of the country, would
have availed to defeat it; and if it had, the success
of the abolition party would only have been post-
poned four years longer. The disease had fast-
ened too strongly upon the system to be healed
until it had run its course. The doctrine of the
" irrepressible conflict" had been taught too long
and acccptcd too widely and earnestly to die out,
until it should culminate in secession and dis-
union; and, if coercion were resorted to, then in
civil war. I believed from tho first that it was
the purpose of some of the apostles of that doc-
trine to force a collision between the North and
the .South, either to bring about a separation or
to find a vain but bloody pretext for abolishing
slavery in the States. In any event, I knew, or
thought I knew, that the end was certain collision,
and death to the Union.
Believing thus, I have for years past denounced
those who taught that doctiine with all the ve-
hemence, the bitterness, ifyou choose—I thought
it a righteous, a patriotic bitierness—of an earnest
and impassioned nattue. Thinking thus, I fore-
warned all who believed the doctrine, or followed
the party which taught it, with a sincerity and a
depth of conviction as piofound asevc-r penetrated
the hcai t of man. And when, for eiirht years past, .
over and over again, I have proclaimed to the .
people that the success of a sectional anti-slavery
party would be the be«mmng of disunion and civil
W!>r in Ann nea, I believed it. I did. I had read
history, and studied human nature, and meditated
for yeats upon the character of our institutions
and form of government, and of the people South
as well as North; and 1 could not doubt the event.
But the people did not believe me,"nor those older
and wiser and greater than I. They rejected the
prophecy, and stoned the prophets. The candidate ,
of the Republican party was chosen President. ;
Secession began. Civil war was imminent. It was J
no petty insurrection; no temporary combination !
to obstruct the execution of tho laws in certain '
States; but a revolution, systematic, deliberate, '!
determined, and with the conscnt of a majority
of the people of each State which seceded. Cause-
less it may have been; wicked it may have been;
but there it was; not to be railed at, still less to |j
be laughed it, but to be dealt with bv statesmen
as a fact. No display of vigor or force alone, how-
ever sudden or great, could have arrested it even"
at the outset. It was disunion at last. T.he wolf
had come. But civil war had not yet follow##;
In my deliberate and most solemn judgment.'
there was but one wise and masterly mode of deal-
ing with it. Non-coercion would avert civil war,
and compromise crush out both abolitionism and
secession. The parent and the child would thus
both perish. But a resort to force would at oncc
precipitate war,hasten secession,extend disunion,
and, while it lasted, utterly cut off all hope of com-
promise. I believed that war, if long enough con-
tinued, would be final, eternal disunion. I said
it; I meant it; and, accordingly, to the utmost of
my ability and influence, I exerted myself m be-
half of the policy of non-coercion. It was adopted
by Mi*. Buchanan's Administration, with the al-
most unanimous consent of the Democratic and
constitutional Union parties in and out of Con-
gress; and, in February, with tho concurrence of
a majority of the Republican party in the Senate
and this House. 'Butthatparty, most disastrously
for the country, refused all compromise. How,
indeed, could they accept any ? That which the
South demanded and the Democratic and con-
servative parties of the North and West were
willing to grant, and which alone could avail to
keep the peace and save the Union, implied a
surrender of the sole vital element of the party
and its platform—of the very principle, in fact^
upon which it had just won the contest for the
Presidency; not, indeed, by a majority of the
popular vote—the majority was nearly a million
against it—but under the forms of the Constitu-
tion. Sir, the crime, the "high crime" of the
Republican party was not so much its refusal to
compromise, as its original organization upon a
basis and doctrine wholly inconsistent with the
stability of the Constitution and the peace of the
Union. #
But to resume: the session ofCongress expired.
The President elect was inaugurated; and now,
if only the policy of non-coercion could he main-
tained, and war thus averted, time would do its
work in the North and the South, and final peace-
able adjustment and reunion be secured. Some
time in March it was announced that the Piesi-
dent had resolved to continue the policy of his
predecessor, and even go a step further, and evac-
uate Sumter and the other^Federul forts and ar-
senals in tho scccdcd States. His own party ac-
quiesced; the whole country n joieed. The policy
of non-coercion had triumphed, and for once, sir,
in my life I found myself in an immense majority.
No man then pretended that a Union founded in
consent could be cemented by force. Nay, more,
the President and the Secretary of State went fur-
ther. Said Mr. Seward, in an official diplomatic
letter to Mr. Adams:
" For thoe lea-on* ho [the President J would riot be dis-
posed to rrjrct a caidi'i.il do«ma of then*, [tho s-ecr^sion-
ist&,]muneiy. that the Federal Govermm nt could not i educe
tho breeding .State-, to obedience by conquest, aluiough lie
were deposed toqueM.ion tli.it piopoaitton hut m fact the
President willingly accepts it as true. Only an im penal or
despotic Government could sul-ju^ntc thoroughly disaffected
ami insurrectionary members of the State."
Pardon me, sir, but I beg to know whether this
cc^viction of the President and his Societary, is
not the philosophy of the persistent and most
vigorous efforts made by this Administration, and
first of all through this same Secretary, the mo-
ment war broke out and ever since nil the late
elections, to convert the United States into an
imperial or despotic Government r But Mr. Sew-
ard adds, and ! agree with him:
'• Thi-> Feijnr.il Republican system of ouis i \ of'«i! form3
of government, the vciy one which is most unfitted for such
a labor."
This, sir, was on the 10th of April, and yet that
very day the fleet was under sail for Charleston.
The policy of peace had been abandoned. Col-
lision followed; the militia were ordered out: civil
wai began.
Now, sir, on the 34th of April, I believed that •
coercion would bring on war, and war disunion.
More than that, I believed, what you ali in your
hearts believe to-day, that the South could never
be conquered—never. And not that only, but I
was satisfied—and you of the abolition party have
now proved it to the world—that the secret but
real purpose of the war was to abolish slavery
