THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress. 3c Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1863.
New Series No. 45.
The evidences of these facts are numerous and conclu-
sive Irom long observations and experiments, and do away
entirely with populat xmpt^Mon* that vessels should bo
kept in fiesh water lor preservation.
F. II. GREGORY,
Rear Admiral United States Navy.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messts. Bayaul, Caihle, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Fessendeu, Foot, Gumes, Ilatdmg, Harian, Ilairis.
Henderson, II ick-, Kennedv, King, Lane ot Indiana, Pow-
ell, Ltice, Jtichaidson. Saul-bun*, Sheiman, Wall, Willey.
Wilmot, and Wilson of M issom i—25.
N AY'S—Messis. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamci, Dixon. Fo-t<*i, Hale, Ilow.ud, Lain; of Kansas, Mor-
itil, Sumnei, Ten Evok,Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—17.
So the motion to icconsider was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the resolution bo
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be necessary
to reconsider the vote ordering the resolution to
be engrossed and read a third lime. Does the
Senator make that minion''
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The motion was agieed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion to iefer the joint i evolution -to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agieed to.
MILITIA LAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday, being the bill (S. No. 493)
for the encouragementof reenlistments, and for
enrolling and drpfung the militia, and for other
purposes, is now before the Senate asm Commit-
tee of the Whole, and will be read.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs report an amendment
as a substitute for the original bill. I do not think
it neccssary, therefore, to read the original bill.
The Secretary can read the substitute of the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate to dispense with the reading of the
original bill ? If then4 be no objection, it will be
dispensed with. The Chair heais none. The
amendment of the committee will be read.
The Secretary icad the amendment of the com-
mittee, to stuke out all after the word " that," in
the fluid Sine of the original bill, and to insert the
following in lieu theieof:
Such of the volunteers am' ni'htm now in the semcc ol
the United States a- ma\ i'vnii-t to m-ivv oiif year, un-
less sooner disch.uged, aitei tin; expiration ot then present
term oi set viec, shall be entitled to a bounty oi tiify dollars,
one half of which to b 1 p ud upon such uvtihstm itit, and
the balancc at file expnauon ot the ti tin of leenlistmeut;
and fiich as iimv m'euh-t toseive for two yeais. unless
fc.oon<ii di-ohaig''d, at lei the <*.\pu ation ot then {decent tei in
of enlistment. --hall leceive. upon such leenh-tmens, ,$*i0
of'the ^100 bounty for enlistment provided hy the filth si e ;
tton of the actapptoved &2d of Jul), lb'31, entitled " An act j
to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid m enter- I
cing the law- and pioieetuig public pioperty.,: !
Sec. 2 And be itfai>her t'tiai hul, That the Piesident ♦■hall
make all pioper i ules and i emulations lot enrol I m? and diall-
ing t!ie imlitia of the United State-, and otheiwisc putting
tin- act into execution ; and the einolluient ot the militia
."-hall, in all cases, in< ktde all ubie-bodied male cmzviis. be- ;
tW( en the nges of enjlifecn and ioi tv five \ i\u<. excptsuch ,
a* may he exemptthcienom h\ existing law^ ot Ihe touted •'
States ; and exemption- tioni p!u -ical Ui-abilttv shall only
be made after the completion o! the diatt !
Sfc 3. And be it fuither rih-ried. That whenever the
Pi evident shall call foith the nahini of the State- ami Tei-
utoi ics. to b" em ployed in tlic tt-i\ ice ot the United State?. ,
he sdiali specify in hi - call Ihe pot md tor whit it -aid -ei\ ice i
may he icquned, not exceeding i wo \eui- ; and the mtlitia ,
so called shall he mu>tered in and continue lo-i ive tor and !
duiiun tii< term ^o -pceifi'd, unl<'-s soonet dischat«ed
Sec 4. And be il further enacted. Thar every p u-ou who ;
r-h.'i!!, in pui-.nance of nny law ot the United States ot icqui |
Mfiojj oj jjje i5ie ide)U. he thai led a- a sohliei. -li.ili. w iien 1
so drafted, he deemed to he n. the actual set wee ot tne Uni- '
t"'d States, and .shall be thereupon subject to tin- ink*- and ,
aiticles of wai in the same uiaum-i a-? though he had been |
mustered into the set vice ol the United Stat'*- 1
Sec. 5. And he i! ho the) minted. That whenevera single
icgunent ot volunteer oi of militia of the same aim, fiom j
tin -ame State. I- reduced to one halfoi the maximum num- !
bei prescribed hy law, the Pi«'«tcient may dm rt the con- j
fohiiation of the. comp;iiu?« of -ueh te«iment: J'lOt-ulei', ■
Tiiat no •company s>o ioimed shall <-xeeed the maximuiii i
mntibtw ptoeiihed hy law. Wlien juch consolidation i- '■
m.ide, the legfincutal officeis snail be reduced m pioportion j
to the j eduction m the number o: cominuue&
Sec. 6 Jind be it further enacted, That whenever a  egi-
j ment i- reduced below the nnnimuin number allowed by
j law, no more olReeis shall be appointed in such regiment
I beyond those necessary for the command of such reduced
( number.
! Sec. 7. Jlndbeit further enacted, That so much of the fifth
; section of the act approved 17ih July, }862, entitled £; An
i act to amend an act calling foith the nnhtia to execute the
I laws of the Union." and vo forth, as require- rhe consent of
, the Piesidcnt to cairy into execution the sentence of acourt-
! martial, be, and the same i- heieby, repealed, as fai a«s the
! same extend® to the punishment for des-crtion ; and sen-
! tenccs fot that offense may be can icd into execution upon
the appioval of the commanding general of an armv in the
field.
Sdo. 8. And be it fuither enacted^ That courts-mattial
shall have powei t<> sentence olBeer.- who - hall absent them-
selves from then companies without leave, to ho reduced
to the lanK* to «erve thiee year? oi dimm; the wai.
Sec. 9. And be it j Hither enacted, That evety pei-on, not
subject to the Miles and aiticles oi war, who sh'til prot me
Or entice, oi attempt to pioeuie ot entice, a >oldtei in the
servieeol the United States lode.eit; oi who shall haiboi,
conceal, ot eive employment to a de-ertei, or cairy him
away, oi .ud in cai iymg him away, knowing hun to be such;
oi wiio shall putehaM", Itoin any ^olditr hi^ ni hi?, equip
ment-. ammunition, tinifoim chithinc. ot any'paj f iheicol;
and anv captain fir commanding oftleer of anv «hip or ves-
«el. oi any ^upeuntendent oi conductor oi any railmud.or
any othei public eonveyanoe, eairymg av\ av anv vueh sol-
diei. as one of hi.^ crew oi otherwise, knowing him to have
ufc'seited. or sliall refuse to dehvei him up to the oidets ol
Ins connnanduig officer, shall, upon le-jnt convtcuon, be
fined, at the discretion of any com I having cognizance of
the same, in any sum not cxeeedaig j^ohO, and he shall be
impugned not exceeding two yeai* n  r less than six
months.
Sfc. 10. And be it further enacted. That it any poison
shall iesi*t any diatt of militiamen into the service of the
Duiied States, or shall counsel oi aid any peir-on in so in-
sisting any-iiu-h draft, or -hall as-auli oi ob-tiuct any officer
in making such dialt, oi shall couu-e! any pei-on foa--ault
or ob-tiuct anv such oifieei, or shall counsel any (halted
men not to appear at the place of icndczvou*, or dissuade
them from the peifoinntiee of military duiv, such pewon
shall, upon conviction thereof, be puni-hed hy a fine not
exceeding .^500, oi hy linpiisomnenf not exe< eding two
year'", oi by both of -aid punishments.
Sec. Jl. And he it fuither eiuuted. That immediately
after the pas-age of this act the Pie^nlent shall i— ue ins
pioclamation de( lanng that all t.o|<hcr- ab-ent tinni then
regiineiiis wiihout leave tria\ leiuin to such place oi places
as he may indicate in his j)h)clamaiion. and he tesforcd to
then iC'Speetivo teguneuts \\ itlxaif     except the
forfeit me ol then p i> and allow anee-, dm msr then ab-enee;
and all de-etit i- who m i\ not retain witlun the time so
specified by the Pie-idcnt, shall, upon being ariested, be
punished as the law piovide-.
Sro 1*2 And hi- it fai thci enuded. That depositions of
witnes-c-; lesuhng he> ond the limits of the Stale. Tenitor\,
or Disti ict in which militaiy com is shall be ot deicd to sit,
m.i\ he taken m ea-es not capital hv oit'ier pa ty and lead
in evidence, jirovided the same shall he taken upon icasoa-
able notice to the oppo-ite paiiv. and authenticated.
See. 13 And be it fuiihn cmattdj 'J'hat tht judge advo-
cate shall have power to appoint a rcpoitei. whose duty it
shall be to tecotii the proceedings of ami fesuinonv taken
belore mihtaiy comts in-tead ot the judge advocate; ai.d
such rcporti  may take down -uch pioceeding^ and testi-
mony in the fii-f instance in shoit-hand. The icjioitoi shall
be sworn or ulliimed faithlully to peifoun his duty befoie
cntei msr upoti it.
Skc. 14 And hi- it fui ther enactcd, That the comt thall,
foi reasonable cause, grant a continuance io cithei [>ariy
lor such time and a- olten a« -hall appear to be jn-t. Pio-
i ided, Tliutif the pnsunoi b' in ch^y confinement, thettial
shall not ije delayed tora period longer than sixty dav*. j
See. la And be it furthei enacted, 'i'hat in time ot war,
minder, a-^ault and b.uteiy with an int< nt to ktil, inan-
-lauglitei, may hem. wounding bv -hootinsr oi stabbing with
aa intent to commit nmrdei, lobliery, at-on. hmglaiy. lape.
assault and hatteiy w ith an inient to commit )apc, <md i.u-
cen\ , shall be puni-liable bv the n ntenee ol a trenei al com t-
mai tial when committed b\ ]>ci-on- who are ju the unhtatv
seivicc ot the United Stale-, and subject io the Aitieles ot
Wai ; and the punishments lot such ollen-es shall be the
-ain<'. :is nearlv <i- may he. a- those inflicted hy the iawsoi
the State. Teuitoiy. or Distuct m which they may have
bi;en comuiuted.
The PRKSiDIXG OFFICER, (Mr, Ci.Amcin
the chau.j 'I'll-- question will be on the adoption [:
of the ann'iidmctii ptoposid by the eomnuttee. j!
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to U
malje a few slight amendments in the amendment, n
either before or aftei it is adopted. Peihaps I ji
should oiler them now. I move- to add to the
fcocond scction Lhose wordy: i!
And anv diafr< d miiitlaman who - hall fuinish an accept- 1 i
able substitute fhail thcieupon leceive a ceitifieate ot di-- t.
ehaiye liom -at h di alt. which '•hall exempt him t torn mil- ; ^
itaiy dufj dmin2 "ie w «'r. and iU' li substitute -hall be en- |
Uiled to the -ame pav mid allowances provided bv law Us
it he had been on^iiialh d.ailed in the militia ^ervtee. ;
I'he amendment to the amendment was agreed to. I
A'Jr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, in the scv- ]
ejnh and ciginii lin<■  of the eighth section of the
committee's amendment, I move to strike out the
words, {> the same extends to the punishment for
desertion and sentences for that offense," and to
insert the words, " relates to carrying into exe-
cution the sentence of any court-martial against
any person convicted as a spy or a deserter, and
hereafter sentences against spies and deserters;"
so that the section will read:
That so much of the fifth scction of the act approved 17th
Juiv, I860, entitled, &,c., ns  requires the consent of the
Pie-ident to cany into execution the sentence of a cotnt-
maitial, be and the same is hereby repealed, as fai aa re-
lates to cat i unit into execution the sentence of any court-
maitial agam-t anv peison convicted as a spy or adc-e.rrcr ;
and hcicaiter sentences, against spies and descrteis may ho
catned into execution upon the approval of ihe command-
ing genetal of an ai my in the field.
This amendment simply includes spies witlj
dcserteis.
Th e ame nd mcn 11o th e a mend men t was ag reed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the eighth section, in the second line, by
inserting after the word " power" the words {< in
addition to the punishments now provided by
law;" so that it will read:
That court's-martial shall have power, in addition to the
punishments now piovided bylaw, to sentence officers who
shall absent themselves tiom their companies without
leave, to be i educed to the tanks to seive three years or
duung the wai.
Theamendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to strike out the word " companies," in the third
line of the same scction, and to insert the word
" commands;" so as to read, " who shall absent
themselves from their commands."
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert, as an additional section to come in after
scction eight, the following:
And he it further enacted, That the clothes, ann<?, mili-
tary outfits, and accouterments furnished by the United
States to any soldier shall not be sold, haitored, exchanged,
pledged, loaned, or given away; and no person not a sol-
diet oi duly authorized officer of the United Slates who has
po-ses-ion of anv such clothes, arm", inihlatv outfit?, or
accoutei nients Imm.-hed a? ufoiesaitl, and which have been
the subject* ot any sale, haitei, exchange, loan, or gift,
shall have any tight, title, or intciest therein, but the same
may be seized and taken w hei ever found by any niiioei of
tin* United States, civil or military, and shall thet etipon be
dehveied to any quaiteimastei oi othei officer flutInnued
to leceive the same; and the po^es'ion of any .sitco clothes,
anus, mililaiy outfit*, oi aecouteimentf f y my p^r-ou not
a soldier or officer of the United States,shall be p una facie
evidence of such a sale, barter, exchange, pledge, loan, or
gift as aforesaid.
The a mend ment to the amendment was agiced to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to insei t the word " willfully" after the word "or"
iu the seventh line of the tenth section, so as to
read: "or willfully dissuade them from the per-
formance of military duty."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to add, as an additional section:
And he it furthei enactcd, 'J'hat no additional pay oi al-
lowance shall be given to any enlisted iwui deiaded ft>r
duty in the hospitals or camps or el-ewherc for taking e?ie
ot the sick and wounded of tin* Anny.
The amendmentto theaniendment wasagrecd to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
the following additional section to cotiectanet-
rot which was made in u bill of the last session:
And he it further enactcd, 'J'hat the uradescreatcd in the
cavahy toi ccs of the United Suies toy section fim en of
the act appioved Jul) 17, jand ioi which no rate of
t timpensauon has I,ecu provitk d, shall be paid as tolluws,
low it: Heguiu.nt.il cominissaiy the same at- legunental
quai tei master: duet tiumpeter the same as chief imeler;
saddle! seigcauMhe «amc as regimental eonuni.-saiy sei-
jieant; company coumu-saiy sergeant tin; same a- company
quartet ma-1 -r scmeant * Provided. That the gi ade oi t-upci
numeiatv -econd lieutenant and two teani.steis f.<r each
company, and one chief Jairier and black-mith tor « aeh
retina ni. as allow cd by said sccuon of that act. be ami tln-y
ate hereby abolished, ami each cavaliy compnn\ m i\ i.ave
two ttumpeteis. to be paid a- hugleis, and each regiment
shall lia\e one vctciinarysmgeon wuh the tank ol <i
incntal -eijjeant major. uha e compen .ttiou >hail be .sev-
enty live dollai.- pei month.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed io.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Massu-
45
