1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, with the
limitations that I laid down before, if wc could
not do better, 1 do not know that I would not ac-
cept the proposition of the Senator from Ohio, as
he has modified it; for, I repeat, absenteeism is a
great evil in the Army. Go into our towns in the
iioi thorn States and see the number of officers that
are going to hotels and saloons and ball-rooms,
and traveling on railroad cars. You will see
many officers, in the enjoyment of entire health,
who are absent from the Army without any cause.
We need no other argument to show that there is
great abuse on this subject. My idea in reference
to it is that the proper tribunals of the Army
should be left to manage it.
I will say another thing while I am on this sub-
ject. During my service in Congress, and during
this war, I have sought to obtain for no man leave
of absence from the Army. I have endeavored
to get promotions where I thought they were won
in the service in a few eases. I have in one or
two instances interfered in order to obtain the ac-
ceptance of resignations where officers have been
so badly wounded that they could be of no benefit
to the service. That is a rule of conduct I have
laid down for myself. I think it is the duty of
the commanding general, if he means to win vic-
tories, to try that officer who unnecessarily grants
leaves of absence to his subordinate officers. I
know that during the period of time when I my-
self was in the service no leaves of absence were
granted to officer unless in case of sickness, or
other incapability to serve in the field. They
W'1-c pcinuttcd then, in some instances, to return
home, or to go to places where they could be bet-
ter provided for, butter eared for, and where they
could sooner recover than they could in the hos-
pital of the camp, i think if that plan had been
adopted now, it would have been much better. I
do not know what the conduct of our officers in
command is; but if J were in command of a corps,
and an officer under me granted leaves of absence
to any of the officers, except in ease of sickness,
I would com t-mai Ual him, and dismiss him from
the service. Then you would stop this abuse very
readily. Instead of trying our officers and our
generals for loyalty and for the trivial causes for
which courts-martial have been assembled, if you
would try them for making inefficient the armies
that arc in the field, and try them by military
courts-martial, and not by Congress and the Pres-
ident and the Secretary of War, my opinion is
that we should have fewer defeats of our armies
to mourn o\er.
Sir, I think the Army is the place to look for
the correction of this abuse. Let them assemble
this court-martial in the instance spoken of by
the Senator from Minnesota; tile officer who
gi anted the leave in that case, and the officer who
was thus absent ought to be dismissed, and, by
the verdict of a court-martial, cut off from pay
from the time he left the service. If courts-mar-
tial are left to attend to these things, they will
make your Army more efficient than you can make
it by acts of Congress.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask a
question of the Senator from Illinois, if he will
allow me to do so.
Mi. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. Suppose the general will
not do it, or suppose his duties aie such that he
cannot do it, what then?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The President of the
United States ought to see to it that he is brought
to a court-martial and tried. If the President does
not do it he violates his duty to the country, and
he himself ought to be put upon tual hofoic this
body, for omitting to discharge his duty to the
country. This is my ieply to the Senator from
Minnesota. This is no tune to be looking to throw
responsibilities off the chief commander of the
armies of the United States.
Mr. WILKINSON. Take the rase from Mm- 1
nesota that i stated a few minutes ago; how is the \
President of the United States to know anything I
about that case? Heie was a leave of absence ;
granted for twenty days in June last; the officer ,
went home, and he has remained at home ever j
since. This is but one of ten thousand eases, per- j
haps. The case does not come to the ear of the ;
President; he does not know anything about it. j
Mr. RICH UlDSOi". 1 will tell tile Senator ||
from M mnesotu that if he had been a colonel from i|
my State, 1 should have gone to the Piesident of ti
the United States and demanded his immediate
trial and the trial of his superior officer who gran ted
him the leave of absence. I should have deemed
it my duty to biing the question before the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States; and with the knowledge of the facts
before him, if he disregarded his duty, then he
ought to be put upon trial. Sir, I think much of
this difficulty has grown out of the fact that the
generals in the field have not felt that they had
the control of this matter. That is my reply to
the gentleman.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I introduced a bill
yesterday having for its object the curing of this
evil—an independent bill. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio does not reach the evil com-
plained of. Officers absent without leave do not
now draw pay. The evil to be overcome is that
of granting leave. That is the evil that ought to
be reached. Officers absent without leave are in
disobedience of orders, and draw no pay.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And are liable to be
stricken from the rolls by the President any day.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is true; but they
draw no pay until the disobedience is in some
way accounted for and the penalty removed. The
bill which I introduced yesterday provides for a
pay leave; that no officer shall be absent from his
command except on a pay leave; that he shall
draw no pay unless he has at his command to pre-
sent to the paymaster a pay leave, signed by the
Surgeon General and appioved by the Secretary
of War. That is the way to reach it. There is
another objection to the amendment. 1 see that
the Senator from Ohio excludes those who are
absent from sickness.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. That is the way that
the amendment reads. I supposed the Senator
would of course allow pay to those absent Aom
wounds.
Mi. SHERMAN. I have the authority of the
military gentleman from Illinois for saying that
the case of a wounded officer is covered by the
term " sickness." I asked him whether "sick-
ness" would include wounds.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is in the mili-
tary service a broad distinction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I referred to military au-
thority.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think military prac-
tice makes a distinction. The reason for intiodu-
cing this as an independent proposition ib to couple
with it another provision removing the restriction
upon the President of the United States as to the
number of general officers. That restriction is
injurious to the service. We have now a parcel
of major and brigadier generals, a large number
of whom have lost the confidence of the Admin-
istration; and men in whom the Admimstiation
has confidence are kept from occupying com-
manding positions by the restriction-. Stop the
pay of these drones, and select gallant, qualified
officers, and appoint them in their places and give
them their commands. So far as I am concerned, 1
should be glad to strike fi om the rolls of the A rmy
every officer who has lost the confidence of the
Administration, and is not employed in this war.
Mr. HARRIS. Would the Senator cut off Gen-
eral Butler?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No man has a more
excellent opinion of Geneial Butler than 1 have.
I do not believe this Administration has lost con-
fidence m General Hutlei. No, sir, I answer the
Senator fiom New York, General Butler could
obtain from the Suigeon General, approved by
tlie See rota i y of Wat, a pay leave; but if he could
not, I would punish the innocent to reach tins,
i was ^uniir to say infernal evil. Go where you
will you find them. The Senator from Illinois
[Mi. IhciiARifsoN] said that the officers are to be
found m raihoad cars, cofh-c houses, saloons, and
hotels, and he nnizht have add"d some other places.
Our towns and cities are full of officers who are
filching ill"' mon<-y of the peopk and rendering no
sor\lee, k  epins; good, true men front positions.
Then is nothing that I more desire than to reach
this evil m s<>mc way. I prefer an independent
bill, and 1 pivfei that the two qu'stions to which
I have referred should cmue up together.
Mr. SHERMAN, I will add to the word
"sickness" thev/otds s< or wounds."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will bo s;o modified.
Mr. HARRIS. I approve of the provisions of
this section. I believe the section will do good'
There are cases, every Senator knows, where it
is almost indispensable that an officershould have
leave of absence for the purpose of looking after
his own affairs, on account of sickness or death
in his family. The truth is that all the patriotism
in this countiy is not confined to Congtcss, and
yet, if a person were to listen to our debates here"
day after day, I think he would be inclined to
come to the conclusion that the officers of ourArmy,
as a general thing, were mere mercenary hirelings.
The wholesale censure that is fiom day to day
thrown out here, as it appears in the debates of
Congress, and is read by the officers of the Army,
certainly can have no salutary effect upon them.
So far as I know, sir, the officers of our Army
are patriotic men, and they have at very great per-
sonal sacrifices left their homes and their busi-
ness to engage in the service of the country, suf-
fering privations beyond anything that we appre-
ciate; and, sir, I confess I do not like the general
tenor of the debates heie upon such questions. I
know there are unworthy men in the Army; but,
for the main part, they ai e patriotic men, and tfiey
ought not to receive the wholesale censure that is
so often dealt out here. If an officer has occasion
temporarily to visit his home for the purpose of
arranging his business, visiting his sick family,
or for any other private reasons, and can obtain
leave of absence, showing these.reasons to the
satisfaction of the proper authorities, I think he
ought to be willing to submitto a deduction of his
pay. I think it will be a salutary check upon such
applications for leave of absence. I shall most
cordially support the proposition of the Senator
fiom Ohio. 1 believe it is equitable and just. It
will tend to restrain unnecessary applications for
leave of absence; but while that is so do not let us
poui out this wholesale censure upon the officers of
our Army, as wc are accustomed to do hero every
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move an amendment as an ad-
ditional section, in the following words:
J3iul be itfurthei enacted, Tliat general otdeis of the War
Department nutnb'-ied !ol and lGi. relative to enlistments
fiom the volunteer into the legulnr service, be,andthe same
are heiehy, rescinded.
As an argument in favor of the amendment I
ask to have read a petition, several of which have
been presented to the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, which sets forth
very succinctly, yet very forcibly, the practical
operation of these orders upon the volunteer ser-
vice, signed by large numbers of field and line
officeis of several regiments and brigades of vol-
unteers.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Illinois,
January 19, 1S63.
To the Houoi able the United States Senate and House of
Reprcsciitafira, in Congress assembled :
The undersigned. volunteer ollieers and IojjI citi/ensof
the United States would lc-pectmllj memouahzo jou in
rei'euiice to ageneial oidei N'o. 1.34," trom the War De-
partment. * They con^uR-i it calculated greatly to impair
the ciTieienpy ni the vohmteei sctvice, am! thereby to do
s,ei urn- injuty to the cause in which they ate enlisted. They
would state, genetafly, the following as then objections to
the ouler named, whieh they tru-t you w til consider and
act upon the importance of the inteiest* aileeted de-
mands :
The oider is in palpable conflict with the spirit, nnd in
the opinion of tin; un(hr-i«!ied with the lettei, of Arti-
cles. oi Wat No-. and said at tides being with others
an ac t of Connie--, and the '•worn tu!e tor the government
of the armies of (be United Stat< and_the oider named
semnir them aside being meioh au emanation from the
YVui Departim-tit.
1th an umi"t-''ived indignity upon the volunteer service,
impliedly "-avinj—Miiee it tn\ it< ■- and rew ard- enlistments
ttoiit the volunteer into Uk t e^rulai -"< i vice without lequn-
liig any e\t( it-ion oi the tei in oi or initial enhs-tuieut— that
the ft a me! at in ot th" -t .vk '• i- largely lacking in etlieioney
a- compared u nh the laiiei. It"lOuuher, an indignity
upon eoutiui—iou"d oiheus of volunteer command-, inas-
much a- it mak'-- them in e fleet ne'e leet intuit? jetijt antrf
for till liquid! ve! \ U e
It s- in Vtolaiion of good faith with the ofFicer-of the vol-
unteei -ei vice, since ii takes I torn t hem command1- which,
in ici i uiHit", \\ < i<! led to bel.ev" they -hmtld tetam,
unless toi h In d by misconduct on their part, of u inch trial
and eon\ tenon hhotild be had.
It unlan to vohltdter odu e: - Mttce ii takes fiom thorn,
without temuiK'Mttou or ap<>ln<r\. men whom t}iey have at
large expen-e Mounted, and lot wh^ae safekeeping.
cipline, anil in-dun lion ihev have been held responsible.
It la. again unju.-t, M'tG< " '.'.Wnw^v'lutiu.'er icjiuu-nt- to
