APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January M,
3s?xh Cong....3d Sess.
The Constitution—Peace—Reunion—Mr. VaMandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
here. But we are being taught in our first cen-
tury and at our own cost, the lessons which Eng-
land learned.through the long and bloody expe-
rience of eight hundred years. We shall be wiser
next time. Let not cotton be king, but peace-
maker, and inherit the blessing.
- A common interest, then, still remains to us.
And union for the common defense, at the end of
$is war,taxed, iudeUedjimpoverished,exhaust-
ed, as both sections must be, and with foreign fleets
«indarmies around us, will bp fifty-fold more es-
sential than ever before. And finally, sir, without
union, our domestic tranquillity must forever re-
main unsettled. If it cannot be maintained within
- ihe Union, how ihen outside of it, without an
exodus or colonization of the people of one section
or the other to a distant country ? Sir, I repeat
that two governments so interlinked and bound
together every way by physical and social liga-
ments, cannot exist in peace without a common
arbiter. Will treaties bind us? What better treaty
than the Constitution ? What more solemn, more
durable? Shall we settle our disputes, then, by
arbitration and compromise? Sir, let us arbitrate
and compromise now, inside of the Union. Cer-
tainly it will be quite as easy.
And now, sir, to all these original causes and
motives which impelled to union at fiist, must be
added certain artificial ligaments, which eighty
years of association under a common Govern-
ment have most fully developed. Chief among
these are canals, steam navigation, railroads, ex-
press companies, the post office, the newspaper
press, and that terrible agent of good and evil mixed
" spirit of health, ana yet gobhn damned"—if
free, the gentlest minister of truth and liberty;
when enslaved, the supplest instrument of false-
hood and tyranny—the magnetic tulcgiaph. All
these have multiplied the speed or the quantity
of trade, travel, communication, migration, and
intercourse ofall kinds between the different States
and sections; and thus, so loi^g as a healthy con-
dition of the body-politic continued, they became
powerful cementing agencies of union. The nu-
merous voluntary associations, artistic, literary,
charitable, social, and scientific, until corrupted
and made fanatical; the various ecclesiastical or-
ganizations, until they divided; and the political
parties, so long as they remained all national and
not sectional, we re also among the strong ties which
bound us together. And yetallof those, perverted
and abused for some years in the hands of bad or
fanatical men, became still more poweiful instru-
mentalities in the fatul work of disunion; just as
the veins and arteries of the human body, de-
signed to convey the vitalizing fluid through every
part of it, will cmry also, and with increased ra-
pidity it may be, the subtle poison winch takes life
away. Nor is this all. It was through their agen-
cy that the imprisoned winds of civil war weie all
let loose at first with sueh sudden and appalling
fury; and,kept in motion by political power, they
have ministered to that fury ever since. Hut,
potent alike for good and evil, they may yet, un-
der the control of the people, and in ihe hands of
wise, good,and patriotic men, be made the most
effective agencies, under Providence, in the re-
union of the.NU States.
Other ties also, less material in their nature, but
hardly less petxuasive in their influence, have
grown up under the Union. Long association,
a common history, national reputation, treaties
and diplomatic intercourse abroad, admission of
new States, a common jttrispiudence, great men
whose names and fame are the patrimony of the
whole country, patriotic music and songs, common
battle-fields, and glory won under the same flag.
These make up the poetry of Union; and yet, as in
the mairiage ielation, nnd the family with similar
influences, they are stronger than hooks of steel.
He was a wise statesman, though he may never
have held an office, who said, "Let me write the
songs of a people, and 1 care not who makes then-
laws." Why is the Muiseillnise prohibited 111
France? Sir, Hail Columbia and the Star Spangled
Banner—Pennsylvania gave us one, and Maryland
the other—have done more for the Union than all
the legislation and all the debates in this Capitol for
forty years; and they will do more yet again than
all your armies, though you call out another mil-
lion of men into the field. Sir, I would add " Yan-
kee Doodle;" but first let me be assured that Yan-
kee Doodle loves the Union more than he bates
the slaveholder.*
And now,sir, I propose to briefly considerthe
causes which led to disunion and the present civil
war; and to inquire whether they are eternal and
ineradicable in their nature, and at the same time
powerful enough to overcome all the causes and
considerations which impel to reunion.
Having two years ago discussed fully and elab-
orately the more abstruse and remote causes
whence civil commotions in all Governments, and
those also which are peculiar to our complex and
Federal system, such as the consolidating tenden-
cies of the General Government, because of exec-
utive power and patronage, and of the tariff", and
taxation and disbuisementgeuerally,nll unjust and
burdensome to the West equally with the South,
I pass them by now.
What, then, I ask, is the immediate, direct
cause of disunion and this civil war? Slavery,
it is answered. Sir, that is the philosophy of the
rustic in the play—" that a greut cause of the
night, is lack of the sun." Certainly slavery was
in on#sense—very obscure indeed—the cause of
the war. Had there been no slavery here, this
particular war about slavery would never have
been waged. In a like sense, the Holy Sepulcher
was the cause of the war of the Crusades; and had
Ti oy 01 Cai thage never existed, there never would
have been Trojan or Carthaginian war, and no
such personages as Hector and Hannibal; and no
Iliad or iEneid would ever have been written.
But far better say that the negro is the cause of
the war; for had there been no negro here, there
would be no war just now. Whatthen? Exter-
minate him? Who demands it? Colonize him?
How? Where? When? At whose cost? Sir,
let us have an end of this folly.
But slavery is the cause of the war. Why?
Because the South obstinately and wickedly re-
fused to restrict or abolish it at the demand of the
philosophers or fanatics and demagogues of the
North and West. Then, sir, it was abolition,
the purpose to abolish or interfere with and hem
in slavery, which caused disunion and war. Sla-
very is only the subject, but abolition the cause,
of this civil war. ft was the persistent and de-
termined agitation in the free States of the ques-
tion of abolishing slavery in the South, because
of the alleged "irrepressible conflict" between
the forms of labor in the tw^ sections, or in the
false and mischievous cant of the day, between
freedom and slavery, that forced a collision of
arms at last. Sir, that conflict was not confined
to the Territories, it was expressly proclaimed
by its apostles, as between the States also, against
the institution of domestic slaveiy eveiywhere.
But, assuming the platforms of the Republican
party as the standaid, and stating the case most
sti ongly in favor of that parly, it was the refusal
of the South to consent that slavery should be ex-
cluded fjom the Tuntoiies that led to the con-
tinued agitation, North and South, of that ques-
tion, and finally to disunion and eivil war. Sir,
I will not be answered now by the old clamor
about " the aggressions of the slave power."
That miserable specter, that unreal mockery, has
been exorcised and expelled by debt and taxation
and blood. If that power did govern this coun-
try for the sixty yeais preceding this terrible rev-
olution, then the sooner this Administration and
Government return to the pi inciples and policy of
southern statesmanship, the better for the country;
and that, sir, is already, or soon will be, the judg-
ment of the people. But I deny that it was the
"slave power" that governed for so many years,
and so wisely and well. It was the Democratic
party, and its principles and policy, molded and
controlled, indeed, hugely by southern statesmen.
Neither will 1 be stopped by that other cry of
mingled fanaticism and hypocrisy, about the sin
and barbaiism of African slavery. Sir, I see
more of barbarism and sin, a thousand tunes, in
the continuance of this war, the dissolution of
the Union, the breaking up of this Government,
and the enslavement of the white race by debt and
taxes and arbitrary power. The day of fanat-
ics and sophists and enthusiasts, thank God, is
gone at last; and though the age of chivalry may
* fn tiuth, the song was written in derision, by a British
I officer, ami not by an American.
not, the age of practical statesmanship is about to
return. Sir, I accept the language and intent of
the Indiana resolution to the full—" that in con-
sidering terms of settlement we will look only to
the welfare, peace, and safety of the white race,
without reference to the effect that settlement may
have upon the condition of the African." And
when we have done this, my word for it, the
safety, peace, and welfaie of the Afiican will
have been best secured. Sir, there is fifty-fold less
of anti-slavery sentiment to-day in the West than
there was two years ago; and if this war be con-
tinued, there will be still less a year hence. The
people there begin, at last, to comprehend that do-
mestic slavery in the South is a question, not of
morals, or religion, or humanity, but a form of
labor, perfectly compatible with the dignity of
free white labor in the same community, and with
national vigor, power, and prosperity, and espe-
cially with military strength. They have learned,
or begin to learn, that the evils of the system af-
fect the masteralone, or the community and State
in which it exists; and that we of the free States
partake of all the material benefits of the insti-
tution, unmixed with any part of its mischiefs.
They believe also in the subordination of the ne-
gro race to the white where they both exist to-
gether, and that the condition of suboidination,
as established in the South, is fai better every
way for the negro than the hard servitude of pov-
erty, degradation, and crime to which lie is sub-
jected in the free States. All this, sir, may be
" pro-slaveryism," if there be such a word. Per-
haps it is; but the people of the West begin now
to think it wisdoa and good sense. We will not
establish-slavery in our own midst: neither wiH
we abolish or interfeie with it outside of our own
limits.
Sir, an anti-slavery paper in New York, (the
Tribune,) the most influential, and, therefore,
most dangerous of all of that class—it would
exhibit more of dignity, and command more
of influence, if it were always to discuss public
questions and public men with a decent respect—
laying aside now the epithets of "secessionist"
and " traitor," has returned to its ancient political
nomenclature, and calls certain members of this
House " pro-slavery." Well, sir, in the old sense
of the term as applied to the Democratic party, I
will not object. I said yeais ago, and it is a fitting
time now to repeat it:
(i If to love my country ; to chorMi the Union ; to revere
the Constitution ; if to abhorrhe mariners and hale the trea-
son winch would lift up a sacnle«iou  hand against either;
if to read that in the past, "to behold it in the present, to
foresee it ni the futme of this Jnnd. which i-< of more value
to un and to the woild loi apf's to come, th-m all the multi-
plied millions vviio have inhabited Ahica Irom the creation
to tins dayIf this it is to he pto-slavciv, then in every
nerve, IiIht, vein, bone, tendon, joint, and Usarncnt, fiom
the topmost hair of the head to the last extremity of the
toot, I am all over and altogether a pio-slavery man."
And now,-sir, I come to the great and controlling
question within which the whole issue of union or
disunion is bound up: is there " an irrepressible
conflict" between the slaveholding arid non-slave-
holding States ? Must " the cotton and rice fields
of South Carolina and the sugar plantations of
Louisiana," in the language bf Mr. Seward, " be
ultimately tilled by free labor, and Charleston and
New Orleans become marts for legitimate mer-
chandise alone, or else the rye fields and wheat
fields of Massachusetts and New York again be
surrendered by their farmers to slave culture and
the production of slaves, and Boston and New
Yoik become once more markets for trade in the
bodies and souls of men?" If so, then there is
an end of all union and forever. You cannotabol-
ish slavery by the swoid; still less by proclama-
tions, though the President were to " proclaim"
every month. Of what possible avail was his
proclamation of September? Did the South sub-
mit? Was she even alarmed ? And yet he has
now fulmined another " bull against the comet"—
brutwn fulmen—and,threatening servile insurrcc*
tion with all its horrors, has yet coolly appealed
to the judgment of mankind, and invoked the bless-
ing of the God of peace and love I But declaring
it a military necessity, an essential measuie of
war to subdue the rebels, yet, with admirable wis-
dom, he expressly exempts from its operation the
only Suites and parts of States in the South where
he has the military power to execute it.
Neither, sir, can you abolish slavery by argu-
