THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
added another thing: with great propiiety: A large
majority of those who cany the knapsacks and
the muskets belong to the same party. They
number two thirds of your entire Army. While I
deny that we have the officers, the major generals,
the brigadier generals, tlx* colonels, the majors,
captains and lieutenants, the rank and file come
from tin- Democratic party.
Mr. IIARLAN. J desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator whether he alludes to the volunteers from his
own State.
Mr. RlC LT ARDSON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HARLAJN. {•supposed, perhaps, the
reniaik was broad enough to include mine also.
The vote taken in the regiments which have vol-
unteered in luwa, show s that about three fourths
of them were Republicans and about one-fourth
Democrats.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I undetstand all that;
and as the gentleman has alluded to that subject,
I will give the other side. In Iowa they had a
Republican Governor; they had Republican com-
missioners; and where theie were Democratic
regiments, [ fear they had no opportunity to vote, j
Mr. IIARLAN. I will say, with the Senatoi's
leave, that I have heard no complaint from any
quarter from the privates or officers on that sub-
ject. I think the election was a fair one.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
Illinois permit me to make a suggestion:
Mr. RICHARDSON. In a moment. I suppose
the complaint of the election in the Jovva regiments
will be found in a contested seat from the gentle-
man's State in the other branch of Congress at
the next session. I have heard complaint on that
subject. It has been in the public press of that
Suite and of my State; and if the gentleman has
not heaid of it it has br<m his own fault.
Mr. HARLAN. With the Senator's leave, I
know the defeated candidate complains. ! only
said I had heard no complaints from the voters—
none whatever. The man who was defeated for
Congress complained that he was not elected. Ho
complained, as my colleague reminds me, that the
soldiers were allowed to vote at all. He thought
the voiunteeis should be deprived of the elective
franchise; and in that way he hoped he would be
elected, because he knew that three fouiths of the
rank and file wore Republicans.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have heard the Sen-
ator's statement before; that is, I have heard
the same statement from other sources; but the
Senator will permit me to say I have heaid the
statement made which 1 have made here to-day;
and I apprehend, when the truth comes to be placed
befoie the country, it will exhibit the fact that in ']
some legiments, when the vote was being taken, ji
the Democrats were detailed upon special duty. 1 ['
presume the evidence can be luimshed upon this j
subjiat. I
Now I will state another thing. Many of your j
regiments cast but two hundred votes. Where j
were 11 ie ot he  s ? :
Mr. HARLAN. Sir, they were in then-graves, j
A lai ma jot itv of them had faiien in battle, and a i
large number of them were in hospitals. |
Mr. RICHARDSON. The same thing was |
true of some ot your i eginients thai had never left j
the State. i
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me to I
finish my sentence. A iar^e poition of them were j
under U\eiuy-on' vears ot aye.
Mr. GRIMES. Tlie Senator fium Illinois is
altogether inwiaken in staling that any regiment
remaining in the ^i:ite dud not poll more than two
hnndted voies. Thevall nolled mor<-than that.
Mr. RICHARDSON . L have cuitaiuiv seen
that stati m< nt in the papers, i do not vouch tor
its truth as 1 liav- not mquiied jnto it.
Mr. GRIMES. Doubtless: the Senator has '
se-n it, but it is an erroneous statement.
Mi. RICHARDSON. 1 ha\>- s« en it pub- ;
lished, and it has not 1«-rn eonh auien-u till now.
Now 1 will hear the  ">en.itor fnon Kansas make
any suggestion he (h'sne-- in make, because f do
not wisSi to do any nniu-aj-'e hi th;> matter. i
Mr. LANE, of lvoiis-.*. I. of course, am not
here to controvert tne .Senators statement, as to
the politics of the soidieis of h;s own State; but ;
I havt- been led to believe by authoiity that I .
consider as high as dm S>':\Uor fiom Illinois,
that a v'e! y Uu'^e pi opoi lion of the troops of Illi-
nois ai<M>f t!,<. Republnan party. SofarasKan-
s \s '\r.uji :.ed. we knovv no difference between «■
Republicans and Union Democrats. If, how-
ever, the Senator from Illinois means to fix as the
standard of the Democratic party their opposi-
tion to the using of the negro in the military ser-
vice of the country, so far as Kansas troops are
concerned there is not a corporal's guard of that
kind of men among them. We have no negro-
worshippeis of that kind in Kansas. We believe
that the negro can be used as well as our children,
our brothers, and our neighbors; and we look
upon him who exalts the negro above our chil-
dren as an abject negro-worshipper. That class
of men are not iti the umks of our Army; nor
have we them in Kansas to any considerable
extent.
Mr. President, 1 believe, the Senator from Illi-
nois does this Administration great injustice,
when he intimates that the Administration makes
any distinction between loyal Republicans and
loyal Democrats, either as officers or privates.
There aie but two parties in this country now:
loyal Democrats and Republicans on the one side,
willing to maintain tins Union, and to sacrifice
eveiy thing, even slavery, to save it; and another
party who ate willing to save it, provided they
can save it and save siavery with it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I have
heaul the Senator's speech before repeatedly. Jt
has been made very often; but there is one little
amendment which I wish to suggest to him, and
which I desiie him to mcorpoiate in his speech.
When the Senator speaks of loyal and disloyal
men, I want him to change the language, so as to
make it "loyal to the Constitution of ourcoun-
tiy." If he does that, then we have no disloyal
men. When he talks about the Union without a
Constitution, I do not know how you are going
to preserve the Union with your Constitution
overthrown. It is a habit lor gentlemen here to
declare that they are for the Union. What Union;
The Union made by the Constitution? No. sir;
no, sir; they are for letting thuf Constitution slide,
and are for some ideal union that they will here-
after form. When you place before me the Con-
stitution of my country, I tell you that I and those
that a<-t with me, are sworn to maintain it, and
mean to abide by that oath; that in life and the
hour of death we are for that Constitution with
all its guaiantccsj and all its compacts as our
fathers made it; and we will resist all those who
seek to ovet throw it; we cate not by what name
they call themsehes. That is the line of conduct
that will govern us; and, so help me God, Mr.
Presid'Mir, it shall govern me. No power, can
drive me from ns support. I walk by its lights;
I care not who may oppose it.
So far as Kansas is concerned, I am willing to
admit that a majoiity of her soldiers are Repub-
licans. 1 enter into no contest with the Senator
abo«,t that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Republicans and loyal
Dfj inocrats.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, Republicans and
loyal Democrat-. The Senatoi intimates thai the
State j'lom which I come has a majoiity of Re-
publicans in ihcAimy. I have heard that inti-
mation made befoie; arid I vim glad that the Sen-
ator ha-> ailorded m<- a i opportunity here to-day
to reply to it, and settle that question at once.
Two thirds of our Army are constitutional Union
Democrats, and nothing else; and they aie to-day
battling foi the Constitution. J will show you by i
a statement 1 have here of whom the Illinois regi- !
ments are composed: i
4< Ma^.ic ''Oimtv g'tv< 'Mi Lincoln 127 votes in 1800, but
lias -ent ."'05 sol-neif- ?u ihc wai— five liio num-
bci hub!*'to st>!\ ;<•(>. 1 (■ \andei g.ivc Lincoln JUb vote>. and ;
b«i- -eiii ~'H ••oldi'a -. fja;<lsn jmvc Lmeoln 107 .and i
ha- M'i)> 3^-olihcrte—moic than rbt-e tomtits of the num- 1
1km* 'i.ihie ti- -eivicc. po^e g.ivc Lincoln 127, and ha--ent
wl—mure than hall or" The numbei liable iomt\ ice. John-
son 2<i\! Lincoln urn! h'i« -eta S3 >—more ih.tn lou< fi f iti-
u! t'ie nuiulu r liable t<> .-(.ivic<\ t'mon pave Lincoln 1,">7, 1
arc! b<i>se::t —nunc than tin or fourth- ot herx r viceable ;
popuhiunii. G.tihitin eavi lanco'n ono ?< nt 7~3, or
-uvm ninth* of ihc numbc i habb" m i-eiviee. Williamson ,
«a\o Lincoln ITJ, «uui iu- f^'tit 1 ,Uli 1 .-oidna-—bemg onlj
ilO let-- than the whole population liable to service.
I w:ll state hoie, m lefertneo to that county, j
that while the soldiers belonging to Republican ,
regiments we c transported ai the Government ,
expen^r, m our Suae, to vote, one « f die i eg i men is
from Williamson county voud in their camo at
Spi tie id, and ga \ e bdO-odd votes, no Republican
ui them. The -soldiers from that county voted for
the Democratic ticket m the State of Illinois at
the last election. Their votes were not counted,
: as none of the Democratic regiments were, while
the Republican regiments were sent home from
their camps at Government expense to vote, and
i their votes were counted.
"Jackson gave Lineoiu 315; has sent 996—more than
i three fourths of the number liable to seivice. White gave
| Lincoln "<56; has sent 1,194—eleven fouiieenlhs of the
j number liable. Hamilton gave Lincoln 30^, and has sent
i 917—within sixty of thu whole number liable. Franklin
I gave Lincoln 208, and lias bent921—more than nine tenths
: ot the whole number liable. Periy sent200 more than there
: were votes for Lincoln. Wayne gave Lincoln 620, and lias
senr 1,048, or within two hundred of the whole number
hnble. Jefleison guve Lincon 359; has sent 809; Marion
jiave Lincoln 80S; ha- sent 1,118. Shelby gave Lincoln
97!; ha« sent 1,1'2J. Richland, Effingham, and Clay sent
moie jaoidiers to the war than they gav'c votes to Lincoln."
Those counties are all Democratic counties.
'Now let us turn to the Republican counties. How
does the count stand there? is theie a single
county 111 the State that gave a Republican ma-
joiity that has sent one half the number liable to
military service? I apprehend you cannot find
one. Remember this icpoi t is made by the adju-
tant general of the State, a Republican appointed
by Governor Yates. It vindicates the statement
1 have made in reference to the character of the
soldiers sent from the Slate of Illinois.
" Cook county, in which Chicago is situated, that gave
Lincoln 14,589 votes—a majority ot nearly 5,000 votes over
Douylas—lias sent to the war 3,677 out of 29,537 liable to
military t>erviee."
Out of 29,000 votes that county sent 3,667 sol-
diers; and that isa county where the Republicans
were formerly two to one. Cut that is not an iso-
lated case.
u Stephenson, which gave Lincoln 2,000 majority, has
sent 1,397. Winnebago, winch gave Lincoln over 3,000 ma-
joiity, has sent I ,t>30 ; Boone, that gave Lincoln 1,400 major-
iij, ha-! s>eni 737; C.niolL that gave Lincoln 1,100 majority,
ha- sent 64."); DeKalb, that gave Lincoln ovei 2,000 major-
ity. has sent 1 ,.r>00 ; Dupage, that gave Lincoln i,000 major-
in . has* sent 8^0; Lee, that gave Lincoln 1,700 majority, has
.sent 1,477 ; La tfalle. which gave Lincoln 1,100 majority,
has. only sent one fifth ol her number liable to service. And
s-o on."
I regret I have not the entire list for the State;
I would publish it, with the number liable to mil-
itary sei vice, and the nurribet gone into the Army.
It would be unnecessary to add which were Dem-
ocratic and which were Republican. The volun-
teering would show that.
I might carry the comparison through the en-
tire State, as exhibited by the report of the adju-
tant general. Let me say, also, lo the Senator
from Kansas that, so far from our losing, we have
gained in the number that are to-day 111 the field.
Sir, in those bloody battles that have been fought
at Donelson,at Belmont, at Pittsburg Landing-,
at Murfreesboj o}, wheiever the (lag of our coun-
try has been borne in the very teeth of death, it
has been carried by true, loyal, constitutional
Democrats, more numerous than the Republicans.
Let us understand this matter, and let us have
no more of this talk. I want to settle this ques-
tion so far as Illinois is concerned, and to settle it
now.
Rut, Mr. President, I have been drawn off to
this episode, by the discussion, from the main
points m this bill, to whh.h 1 wish to leturn. Sir,
1 iepeat again, disguise all this as vou may, en-
deavor to throw ai ound it whatever verb.age you
will, this is an attempt by Congress to confer upon
the President unlimited power—to place the en-
tire militia of the country at bis command. By
this bill, you may diaft a man, and befoie you
muster him in the sc-rvice. you make him subject
to the rules and articles of war: you can try iiim
at the head of a dt urn coui t-mai tial and shoot him
for disobedience of 01 del s, when be may not know
that he is in the s<*i vice at all. You place no hm-
! i tat ion on the power of 1 be Pies id«. nt of the United
States. Sir, I would not confer this power upon
any man 111 America. 1 know no man in whom
[ would place sufficient confidence to repose the
power that is claimed for the President in this bill.
Mr. President, when 1 look at the measures that
are proposed here, when I see the deep interest
that is fe-k in the section of country from which
1 come, 1 cannot forbear saying to the Senate of
: the United States and to the country, if you pass
this bill, if you pass the bill you had under con-
sideration the other day to anpiopiiate money to
purchase slaves, and the bill to bring mlo your
' ai mies, side by sub1 with our white race, an infe-
rior race, the negio, 1 f ar you wiii plunge the
country into civil war. 1 ask you to considet; I
