1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
things which my colleague has said. Now, sir, I
forbear to make any assault upon General McClel-
lan; but his victories, I must confess, 1 am not
familiar with; and if 1 was hunting foi a man to
lead our armies who had won victories, I cer-
tainly should not look for General McCiellan.
Now, sir, I have said about all 1 designed to
say, which was not to protract this debate, hut
meicly to state to the Senate and the country
that the statement of my colleague in regard to
the political character of the soldiers of Illinois is
•it! assumption—I mean it in no offensive sense—
on his part which the facts do not warrant.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to explain a remark
that I made tn an interrogatory way to the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] In stating
the broad fact that three fourths of the volunteers
from Iowa voted the Republican ticket, I do not
wish to convey the idea that the masses of the
Democratic party in the State that 1 in pait rep-
resent here are disloyal or sympathize with the
rebellion;butthc circumstances under which these
tioops were raised were unfavorable to a large
turn-out of the masses of the Democratic party, on
this account; not on account of any sympathy
with the rebellion on the part of the masses, but
because those to whom they had been accustomed
to look as their political leaders discouraged them
and advised them to stay at home and vote the
Democratic ticket. They told them that this was
an abolition war, and used all the means within
their power io prejudice the masses of that parly
against the Administration and a vigorous prose-
cution of the war.
I think I ought to state, also, in this connec-
tion, that a very large percentage ol those who
voted the Republican ticket m the Army were
Democt ats before they left the State. They voted
the Republican ticket, because they believed it to
be their duty io sustain the Administration in the
piosecution of the war in which they were en-
gaged .
Mr. CARL1LE. I ask the Senate to bear me
witness that 1 am not responsible for the latitude
thisdiscussion has taken. I moved the amend-
ment for the purpose of calling the attention of
those who had the bill in charge, and who are cer-
tainly much more familiar with its provisions
than 1 can be from the short time it has been in
the possession of Senators, and the tune I have
had to bestow upon it, to this second section.
Mi. Ph sulent, 1 am as anxious as any Senator
can be, to do eveiytliing that can be done within
the power of any of the departments of this Gov-
ernment to xuppiess this lofcellion and to restore,
this Union: and 1 will not, it I know it, do any-
thing that la likely to throw the slightest obstac le
in the way of the accomplishment of that pm-
pose; but all that I can do m my representative
character I must do within the provisions of the
Constitution which 1 am fwoui to Mippo.u I an-
nounced to the Senate that, in my humble opin-
ion, the Congress of the United Stales had no
powei to assume to take < onu ol <> t t he mil11;a in
the seveial Stated, until l'<ey had been called into
the sei vice of the United Slat's*. that who consti-
tuted that militia was a qu« stion for the States,
and the States alone, to detu mine; that the eni oil-
men t of that mi lit la belong i d to t he authoi it a -• of
the Statis; that f he placing of tile citizens ot the
sevi lal States undei the contioi of the PieMcient
of ! he United State- , bringing them under ihe law
that governs tliose who are in the military service
of tlie United Spates, subjecting tln-m to all the
rules and articles of war betme they are mu>-
t  led into the service of the United Slates or
called upon.to do active military service, suhj< cl-
ing tin1 whole of them to a military despotism,
was, in my humble opinion, beyond the province
of the Oongiess of tlie United S.ates,and would
be a violation of the Constitution. It was to rail
the attention of the Senator who introduced tin.
bill, and the. attention of other S-natois, who, I
have im doubt, have eaiefully considered it, to
that consideration, in older that this constitutional
difficulty might be removed from my mind, that
] off-red the amendment.
Mr. President, in my opinion, there is not only
a wanr of constitutional power to adont such a
pi ovision as this, m the second and other sections,
to which I have referred, but it is a question ot
very d'-ubtful expediency. We all know that one
yr.fr .uc" enlistments in the service of the United
Slates were stopped by Congress. Moie volun-
teers tendered their services to the Government,
to aid in the supptession of this lebellion, than it
was thought were requited. Now , I demand why
is it necessary for us, within the space of a year,
after such enthusiasm and such patriotism had
been manifested on the part of the people, to resort
to this power of doubtful constitutionality, to say
the least of it, and place the whole military force
of the various States of this Union under the ab-
solute control and direction of the President of the
United States. ] make no charge against the per-
son filling that office. I would give to him just
as much power as I would give to any other Pies-
ident, and I have yielded and will yield to him
as hearty a support as I would yield to any other
man on earth; but 1 cannot aid in the subversion
of our Government, and the establishment of a
despotism upon its ruins. This country was a
unit a little more than a year ago. There was no
distinction between itscitizens. All were willing
to rush to its defense, all were ready to sacrifice
life, if necessary, and enter into the military sei-
viee of the countiy to support—what? The con-
stitutional Union our fathers had made. Why is
it not so now? I ask, what is the substantial dif-
feieuce between rebf Is in arms for the purpose of
overthrowing the Constitution in the rebellious
Slates, and those who, in the name of loyalty,
would attempt, under the forms of the Constitu-
tion, hoie or elsewhere, to overthrow the Govern-
ment established by the Constitution? 11is, 1 think,
but a proper exercise of a jealous vigilance for us
to be satisfied that every step we take is in pur-
suance of the authority given to us, and in defense
of that very Government for the maintenance of
which this war was said to be waged, and for
which I hope it is yet to be waged, and for no other
purpose can it be constitutionally waged; not for
the puipoM* of destroying the \ ights of the States.
Then- lights and their governments are just as
neeessai y for us to protect as is the Federal Gov- i
em men t. They constitute parts ofonegreat whole;
they are pai is of the same system; and thedestruc- j
tion ofone is the desti uction of the liberties of the
people as much as the destmction of the other.
Let us he careful not to bring the State govern-
ments into conflict with the Federal Government.
Sir, not long since we drew the contrast with
pride between the citizens loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States and those who had raised
the standard of rebellion against it. They had to
resort to tins act of conscription. They forced into
their service unwilling citizens. I maintain that
it has not been necessary, and that it can never be
necessary in a government of the people, a gov-
! eminent that belongs to the people, which is tlieu
govei mneiu , that t hey shall be, through the 1m d-
eral power of trie eounti y, foiued into its military
se rvice in \ lolation of the i jghts of their respect iv<-
States If'it be nee.^sary to call upon the Stale,-■ 
#t>i lilI up our ai mies, h ! them do it. J f it be neces-
s a! v ' dra ft i he ei I i/,ens of iln St a (es, lei them be
| diafud through the powei of their own State
; governments.
| Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
' from ViliHhM moves to Stl lk'' out the $n'Oud Sl'C-
i | 11' >n, a nd t le* Se n it or assumes that it is an assu m p-
i i tion of mi Will ranted p" a er. Now , mi , the C<'ti-
ll M it ut ion of tie. Uiiii'-d States a ot le nazes Coiii^ ivss
j| 'Mo piovid< for or^anizm^'' tin- militia. The
|| Federal Government hasainrhtto oi ^an >ze i he
j militia. The Constitution authoiizes the l/Vdeial
I1 Government in arm the nuhlia, to discipline the
il mihtta, and to govern such part of th< ni as may
'1 be employed m the s"r*'iee of the United States,
■! resei vinv to the Suites iesju-ctively the appoint-
i] ment of the o^ieers and the authority of naming
l! t In mildia at cording to the discipline prescribed
ij by Congiesh/' In puisuaiiee of that authority,
'• the Con°res.sof the Umti d States,in 179:2,enacted
il a law that all pusom- between the ages of eighteen
and forty-five, unless exempted by law, should be
ein ol led.
The Government has the power to organize the
militia and to ai m the mih'ia, and, n: the exmcise
of that power, the Congress o1 tlie Ouited States
has enacted that all persons between eighteen and
foi ty-five, not exempt* d by [ uv, shall be euro'led.
Congress, tit the last session, emu ted that the
President of the United Stales Minuld make the
needful lules and leguhui'ms, win re\ui it w.,s ne-
cessary to make them. Now, this bid simply pio-
vides that the President s-hall have the povvei to
make the needful rules and legulations for c nroll-
! ing the militia of the country, and for drafting the
militia. It does not take away from the States the
power to appoint the officers ; it does not give tlie
President of the United States the power to appoint
the officers; itdoes not take away from the States
the power to train the militia when organized and
when enrolled; itdoes not take away from the
States the power to train the militia according to
the laws and regulations prescribed by the Con-
gress of the United States. I do not see, sir, that
it trenches in any way upon the provisions of the
Constitution; but it is an important provision giv-
ing the President of the United States during-this
rebellion the authority to make the needful rules
and regulations for the enrollment of the militia
and for the drafting of the militia.
Objection is made to the fourth section, which
provides that persons when drafted shall be con-
sidered as in the service of the United States. I
think it a very important provision. When cither
a volunteer or a drafted militiaman is mustered
into the service of the United States, he is under
the rules and articles of war. Now, this section
simply provides that the rules and articles of war,
which apply to a person who is mustered into the
service of the United States, shall apply to a man
when he is drafted into the service of the United
States; and after being drafted it is provided that he
may be examined and discharged for physical dis-
ability; and iffound incapable of bearing arms, of
course he will be discharged. The bili also pro-
vides that any person drafted may supply a sub-
stitute, and then he shall be exempted during the
war. But it is important that when persons are
drafted into the service of the United States, they
shall be placed under the rules and articles ofwar
just as much as though they were mustered into
the service of the United States. It is a fact, it
is a sad one, but it is nevertheless true, that in
some localities where men were drafted, not one
fifth of those men were ever mustered into the
service of ihe United States, but absented them-
selves. There was no mode to reach them, and
the draft was substantially broken up in that way.
We are engaged m u contest to save our country.
The men who have raised the standard of rebel-
lion against ihe country have framed a statute
considering all pei.sons between certain ages as in
theairny of the confederate States. They may
be brought into that service at the will of tlie rebel
government. Here, sir, we have a vast militia
force in this country, and it is proposed to give
the President of tlv United States the power to
make the needful rules and regulations for enroll-
ing and for (halting (his mihtia, anil when they
an; d t af'ted that the persons drafted shall be under
the i ules and articles of war. I see nothing oppres-
sive in it. I nothing in if hut a necessity, a
necessity that is upon us, brought upon us by the
present condition of the country.
I Sir, it beaih upon all alike who arc liable to diity.
,i It is simply an efficient mode of enrolling and
i dlaftmg and bunging into the set vice of the i:oun-
i1 try the men m.eded to supply the military foiee
,. of the Uniied Slates. Therefore, mi , 1 am opposed
;| to sinking our ihis seetion. I tegard it of -reat
il nnpui tanee. I trust the Senate of the United
^ States ami the Con-i ess of 1 he United Stales will
1; eiiec lit nit o a taw.
Mi. I! \Y \ RI) Mr. Piesident, I regret that
1 I have not had an opportunity 10 examine the
! pa^ legish'ion of Congnss and the pa..t action
i! of the Judiciary on this subject before this bill
II came up foi discussion, and I confess it has Liken
i' me by suipuse. On first reading it, I eu.eitained
j' the satne objection—which would, piobably, be
|j a little dlffeteiilty stated—Willi t he hon ouibli, Son-
l ator fiom Vii^una. On the fust leading, I con-
j: sidcn d that the second and fom ill sections ought
i nor to be m 'he bdl: and er>ttaimy I cannot bring
r my mind to tin constiueuon of tin- Federal Cou-
sruution winch appears to be adopted by the hon-
j| oi able Si natoi who stands at tlie head of the Com-
!■ mittee on Military Affairs.
i' Sn, thoie is, m my view, a difTn^nce b.-ixyeen
; the Aimy and Aavy of the Uimed S.ates m-k! the
. militia ot the United States. 1 think thv Consti-
. lutioe makes adiffereuce. It :,iv<.^ yoo the power
■ to s a so and support armies, wil h a (nu \ tat. on a^ to
■ th< ai"propnations; but the nnhtm .n e the foie< s at
i the S'ates a^ States. Tlie ConsMtut;on gi\cc< vou
: powei to call them forth for the serve*; of ihe
! United S:at«s in two ea^s; butitdoe^ not give
S you the control, nor docs it intend to givu you the
