18.63.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GrLO
37 th Cong....3d Sess.
Bankrupt Laio—Mr. Allen.
Ho; 03?
such a man as this paymaster could cancel his in-
debtedness to the Government, thus caused by his
own reckless conduct; and, on the ground of his
eminent qualifications for business, permit him to
" set up for himself" on the money of the Gov-
ernment, if he were able to conceal any portion of
it until his discharge? Such a proposition would
certainly meet with no favor. And yet it is pro-
posed to pass a law which, while it does not au-
thorize those guilty of bad faith to the Govern-
ment to cancel their obligations in this summary
manner, iloes authorize those guilty of bad faith
to individuals who have reposed confidence m
thetn, to betray that confidence, and resume busi-
ness on the money which rightfully belongs to
those who have thus given them credit. For in-
stance, if an individual borrowsalarge umountof
capital of another, and enters into some operation
as uncertain and unjustifiable as that of the pay-
master allude.d to, and becomes unsuccessful, or
concludes to break up "full-handed," as is some-
times the case, and is fortunate enough to keep this
borrowed capital concealed in the hands of some
friend or accomplice until he can obtain his dis-
charge in bankruptcy, he may then resume busi-
ness on the money so borrowed, holding it and
using it as his own, without the paymentof acent
to his creditors, and in spite of all their efforts to
obtain their just dues. The only difference be-
tween such an individual as this and the paymaster
to whom I have made reference is, that une de-
frauds the Government and the other an individ-
ual; yetone is deemed dishonest, while the other
is linked among those denominated unfortunate
debtors.
The tendency of a law of the character of the
bill before the House is, therefore, to encourage
men in business to prodigality and recklessness,
and to enter into wild and hazardous schemes of
speculation which must, sooner or later, bring dis-
asteron them ortheircreditors;as, if unsuccessful
in their enterprises, they have the assurance that
they can repair their misfortunes and wipe out the
obligations which they may incur in their reck-
lessness by the aid of the bankrupt act; when,
without such a law, the dictates of prudence, and
a due regard for their future fame in financial cir-
cles, might restrain them withm proper bounds.
Thus, under the bill pending before the House, if
an individual in business, by prodigality or other-
wise, becomes involved, he can relieve himself
ftom ail debts whatever by complying with cer-
tain provisions of the bill, if it become a luw. And
if lured on by the desire of lapid and large gains
to the same hazardous enterprises a second time
and is unsuccessful, he can relieve himself in like
manner a second time of his newly incurred obli-
gations, if his propei ty is sufficient to pay seventy
per cent, of his indebtedness since his former
bankruptcy. And if he shall a third tune enter
into his mad schemes of speculation and is unsuc-
cessful, he. can a third time become discharged of
his debts by paying the lemaimng thirty per cent,
on his last indebtedness. Thus he may take the
benefit of the bill the fust time without paying
his creditors a cent, if he is sufficiently ingenious
to avoid the provisions of the bill as to the sur-
renderof his property; ho may secure a discharge
a second time by procuring the consent of three
fourths of his ciediiors, or by producing property
sufficient to pay seventy cents on the dollar of lus
indebtedness since the former bankruptcy; to pi o-
cure a third discharge as a bankrupt, he has only
to apply a portion of the property in his hands,
which rightfully belongs to his last cieditois, to
the payment of the remaining thirty per cent. due
his creditors at the time of his second banki uptcy,
and th us a th1 rd time relievo hi mself of his debts.
And thus he may proceed,as I understand the bill,
for an unlimited number of times to take the ben-
efit of the act, by paying up the residue of Ins
debts at the time of some foimer bankruptcy,
which may, in each case, be done with property
rightfully belonging to those who last gave him
their confidence. Tins is vety much indeed on
the principle of " robbing Peter to pay Paul."
Hut such seems to me to be a fair interpretation
«if the section of the bill to which i allude, and
which is in the following language:
<• No peis-on who shall have b< en di^chaiged under this
act, and shall atteiwaida become bankiupt. shall be again
t untied to a dUchaige, whose estate is insufficient to pay
seventy per cent of the debts ptovedagainst it,unless with
the a*sent, in writing, ofthiee fourths of his creditors who
have proved their claims at or before the time ot* applica-
tion for discharge. No discharge shnil be granted to a
debtor a thud time bankiupt; but a bankrupt who shall
prove to the satisfaction of the court that be has paid all
the debts owing by him at the time of any previous bank-
ruptcy, or who has been voluntarily released therefrom by
his creditors, shall be entitled to a discharge in the same
inannet and with the same effect as if he hug not pre-
viously been bankiupt."
The law of 1841 did not authorize a discharge
beyond the second time, and in this was cer-
tainly superior to the one proposed by the bill
now pending, which authonzesan indefinite num-
ber of discharges, and thus gives a perpetual
license to extravagance, " fraud, and corruption."
This bill purports to afford relief to two classes,
debtors and creditors; the first by voluntary, the
other by compulsory bankruptcy. Butthere will
evidently be but few of the creditor class who will
seek relief under its provisions; in fact, it appears
to me that the provisions as to compulsory bank-
ruptcy are only added to maintain a sort of equilib-
rium in the bill. The relief which it purports
to afford creditors will be seldom sought, unless
it be by some vindictive person desirous of injur-
ing his debtor at the expense of himself and other
creditors, I quote the compulsoiy provision of
the bill:
" That any person rendering and owing debts as aforesaid,
[that l , to tlx; amount of who, «i.ter ilie passage ot
tins act, shall d«-pait fiom the State. fh«tnct, or Tcrntoiy
with intent to dctiaud his> creditors, or being absent shall,
with such intent, remain absent, oi -hall conceal imn-elt
to avoid airest, oi shall conceal or remove any of hh prop
eity to avoid its being attached, taken,or bequest! ated on
legal proce-s, oi shall make any assignment, gift, sale, con-
ve\anee, oi transfer of Ins estate, piopertj. right-*, or ci edits
with intent to do lay, defraud, or hinder ills ci editors, or who
has been arrested or his propei ty seized, attached; levied on,
or taken undei or by vinueot mesne pioeess, attachment
or execution i-^ued out of am conn of any State, District,
or Territory withm which cue!) debtor resides, or lu- prop-
erty. founded upon a demand in its natine piovable against
a bankrupt's estate mulct this act, and ioi <it>uin exceeding
$100, and surh process is lemanung m foiee and not ih--
ehatged by p:i\ meat, or in any other inannei provided by the
law of such Slate. District. or Territory applicable thereto,
or has been actually imprisoned lor moie than thitiy days
in a civil action founded on contract for the Him of $i(H>
or upward-, oi who being bankrupt or in-olvent, oi in con-
templation ot'banki uptcy ot insolvency, shall make any pay-
ment, gift, gi ant, sale. conveyance, or tran-slet of money or
other property, estate, i ight-j or eiedifs oi give any vvariant
to conies.- judgment, or ptoeurc or sutl'ei hi* ptoperty to be
taken on legal proce^, with intent to give a pieference to
one or more of his creditor, or to any pel-on or person- who
aic or may he liable tor hun a<* indor-eis, bail, sureties, or
otheiwise, or with the intent, by such disposition of his
propei ty, to defeat or delaj the opemnon of this act, or
who, being a merchant oi tiadei. has stopped or suspended
and not te^uined payment, -hall he deemed to iiave com-
mitted an act of banki uptcv, and, subject to the conditions'
hereinafter pi escribed, shall" be adjudged a bankiupt, on the
petition of one or moie of Ins cicdiiuis. *>
Now, the debtor will, in most cases, be aware of
the circumstances which aie sufficient to force him
into bankruptcy as soon as his creditor, and will
take the precaution, before being lot cod into bank-
ruptcy, to preventas little property falling into the
hands of the assignee in bankruptcy as possible;
or he will ai range. his propei ty so as to pic vent
the greater portion of it from coming into the
hands of the assignee, and apply himself, under
the voluntary provisions of the bill, for the ben-
efit of the act in advance of his creditor. There
is, however, one contingency m the section just
lead, which the debtor might not be able to fore-
see, and in which it would be an net of great in-
i| justice to him to allow him to be forced into bank-
j ruptcy; and that is in case of attachment, exe-
cution, oi other pioeess being issued against his
pirson or his property. a man may be ever so
solvent, and under this bill, for an actual or un-
founded claim of $100, some evil-disposed person
may sue out an attachment or order of arrest against j
him, and for that another creditor can proceed to |
force Inm into bankruptcy; or, at least, compel
him to appear before the district court, sometimes
at a great distance from him, where he mustprove
that the facts alleged by his creditors are untrue.
In other words, he must piovc himself innocent,
which is cei tainly an absurd proceeding, as every
man is, by the laws of the country, as once admin- j
istered, presumed innocent until his guilt is made i
manifest. !
But the sixth section of this bill actually re- |
verses this presumption by providing that:
({If upon such hearing or tnal the debtor proves to the
satisfaction of the court or jury, as the case may be, that
the tacts set foith in the petition (of the creditor) are a^t
true,or that the debtor has paid and satisfied aH UeasiipO|i
his property, in case the existence of such liens were tpe
sole gtoima of the proceeding, the praceeduigsha! I be ■Am'
missed." ' *-,v
We therefore have the anomaly of an'iBdivj$tt£Jl
preferring a charge agaipstanother and eompellj^.
him to go fifty or a hundred miles to a court ti>
provp himself innocent of the charge; and a bond
of $200 is all the indemnity that debtors liave fofcr
the' loss of time, expense, damage to business ati4
reputation to which they are thus liable to be sub-
jected by some evil disposed and malicious per-
son. Thus, while this section is no advantage to
creditois in the majority of cases, as by process
of the Federal or State courts they may secure
their claims in such cases if they can by a pro-
ceeding in bankruptcy, j,t puts a weapon in the
hands of malicious creditors by which to oppress
their debtors. A responsible man, with abund-
ance of property to pay hi§ debts, and who com-
mands the confidence of his whole community, is
thus liable to be irreparably damaged in his prop-
erty and his reputation through the malice of
some real or pretended creditor.
Men of means are sometimes slightly delinquent
in meeting their liabilities, especially in a time like
the present; and such delinquency is not, outside
of large commercial interests, considered suffi-
ciently criminal tojustify such harsh measures. If
those engaged laigely in commerce, banking, &c.,
desire some law that will insure punctual payment
of commercial paper at the very hour it is due,
they should not have it at such great hazard and
damage to the large portion of the counti y, where
no such law is required, but on the contrary would
be detrimental to the interests of the great major-
ity of the people. Oursubstantial farmers in the
West do not care to be liable to be treated as
bankrupts, because they may not pay a debt the
very day it is due, when thoy are perfectly solv-
ent The "design of this section is, perhaps, to
insure promptness m payment by debtors, and an
equal distt ibution of their effects m case of insolv-
ency. Promptitude in debtors is at all times com-
mendable; but creditors are generally satisfied, in
most sections, if they can collect their claims at the
end of some delay. They prefer delay in such
cases to no collections.
As to an equal distribution of property among
creditors,justice may in many cases require it, yet
not always; some creditors may better afford to
lose all than others can a part of their claims.
Debtors are not permitted, at any time or place, to
convey their property to any portion of their cred-
itors in fraud of the others; yet if a cieditor re-
ceives from Ins debtor, m good faith, payment in
full ofa valid claim, without any design to defraud
other creditors, I see no reason why he should be
prohibited from doing so; neither does justice de-
mand that when one creditor by diligence, either
by process or otherwise, secures his claim out of
the property of the debtor, that he should submit
to a distribution with those who have been less
diligent. In many cases a portion of the creditors
by diligence may secure their claims, whereas if the
debtor's pioperty vvcie placed in the hands of an
assignee, it would be consumed with costs and ex-
penses, and neither the debtor nor his creditors
receive any advantage from if. .In fact, this in
most cases, in my opinion, will be tin* result in
cases of banki uptcy as provided for in the bill; the
fees of officers, witnesses, pai ties, and expense of
taking care* of the property, will so dimmish the
bankrupt's estate that but little will be realized
by creditors. I think it will be found in practice
that no benefit is confetred upon the creditors by
the provision of that poition of the bill providing
for compulsory bankruptcy, while it is liable to
be used as a means of oppn'ssing debtors.
Again: if itbe the object of the law to fully pro-
tect creditors, and to give them the full benefit of
all property and rights in action which the debtor
possesses or has a right to, and which his credit-
ors may be entitled to assett against him at the
time of the filing of the petition in bankruptcy,
the bill pending in the House seems to me insuf-
ficient for that purpose:
The seventeenth section of the bill provides, as
follows:
''That, excepting such property of the bankrupt as by the
ninth section of this act is declared to be exempt from the
operation thereof, ail the property and estate, both real and
