1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7W
differ from my friends upon this side of the House
in rel'ation to both the constitutionality and the
policy of the measure which is now before the
Senate, and particularly with reference to the two
section's which the Senator from Virginia proposes
to strike from the bill.
I shall not be foolish enough to set up my opin-
ion on a constitutional question against that ot the
very distinguished Senator from Delaware, to
whom I always listen with great pleasure. How-
■vcr, 1 trust I may be excused for giving my own
;iews, and state whatl conceive to be the neces-
../I 11 -vs* <•>r\iv r, liifrioKitmn <a i m 11 n r t.O thill
VIC w , tlliu otcuc Wiian M^v/4   V   -
sity for adopting some legislation similar to that
which is embraced in the measure now under con-
sideration. I do not think that the objections
which have been made to the second section are
entirely valid; at least I fail to see them in the
light in which the distinguished Senators from
Virginia and Delaware have considered them. The
section provides,
That the President Mini! make, all proper itiles ami reg-
ulations (or cinolling anil drafting the militiaot the united
Stales, and otlieiwiae putting this act into execution.
The power which it is proposed to confer upon
the President is merely a power which is to go
into force antecedent to these militiamen becom-
ing a portion of the Army of the United States.
Jus merely provided that he shall make rules and
regulations for enrolling and drafting the militia;
not for the execution of the enrollment and the
draft itself, that being already provided for by law.
It is, therefore, clear to my mind thatlhe consti-
tnllona' objection which has been raised by the
Senator from Delaware does not apply. The lan-
guage is, u all prop'*r rules and regulations.5 I
apprehend that the term" proper," as there used,
must have reference to existing laws; and if the
President should make rules and regulations for
drafting the militia into the service of the United
States,"which were not authorized by the exist-
ing laws, "the courts might intervene and dis-
charge from service persons who were drafted into
the service by means of an improper exercise of
this power.
Tlio objection which the Senator fiom Illinois
made was that certain classes or persons of par-
ticular political opinions or of some particular
complexion might be dialted or rniglu be left out,
as the President, in the exercise of his power, saw
propel. I think the provisions of the section are
sue.il as tu exclude any such idea. It is very ex-
plicit in i lie enumeration of the persons who shall
be Milnect to tlio diaft, and it says that in all casts
it shall "include all able-bodied male citizens be-
tween the ages of eighteen a nil lorty-five yeai s, ex-
cept such as may he exempt therefrom Uyexwliiig
laws of the United States." 1 do not suppose that
under the pro v isions ot t he section as it_ stands the
President could make any discrimination against
peisons entertaining political sentimenudiilerent
i'tom his own; neither do I .suppose that he could
force any alum or any poison of African descent
into the set vice under this section. It confines lum
strictly to those who are citizens of the United
States.
Mr. RIC EIA R D S 0 N. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that the Attorney General has given
an opinion'that all persons who are born free m
this country aie citizens, no matter whether ot
African descent or nut. 1 believe that is the pui-
port of his opinion, and 1 presume the 1 resident
accepts that as the Uiw.
Mr.NKSMlTlI. if the President accepts any-
thin""'of that kind I think he accepts an absurd-
ity."The Constitution ptovhies who shall be citi-
zens of the United States; and the courts have often
decided who are citizens; and if the opinion Oi the ,
Attorney General is to be setup, m contravention
of the decision* of the courts and the Constitution ;
of the United Stales, to detetmine who are citizens, ;
we have come to a sorry pass, indeed. ,
The fourth section provides that "eveiy person
who shall, m pursuumeof any law of the "United :
States or leqmsition of the President, be dratted '
as a so 1 diei, shall, when so drafted, be deemed to
be in the actual service of the United btates.
This provision was discussed ill theMilitary Com- ,
miuee with particular reference to the difficulties
which occurred last year in many of the States
in enforcing the draft. If a person is not to be
considered as in the service of the United States
until he has been regularly jnnsleied ,n_and has
taken the oath to serve the United States tor a par-
ticular period of tunc, yu place it within the
power ofevery man that is drafted for the purpose
of rendering service to this Government, to defeat
the. object of the draft. This section merely pro-
vides that when a certain number, or a certain cit-
izen, if you please, is segregated from the mass,
under your existing laws, and is designated by a
draft as owing service to the United States, and
who must, as one of the citizens thereof, contri-
bute his portion of service in defense of the Gov-
ernment, the moment that segregation takes place
and he is designated by the draft, he becomes in
actual service and liable to all the penalties which
can be inflicted by a court-martial by a violation
of the rules and articles of war.* Of this, sir, I
am particularly in favor. I do not want to see a
repetition of the scenes of last year, which oc-
curied in the different States in endeavoring to
get men into the service. They avoided the draft
ill every way, and many, after they were drafted
and before they were mustered into the service ot
the United States, and were clothed with the uni-
form of the United States, deserted and refused to
render their services. They did it in many of the
States,and the provisionsof thissection are framed
especially to meet that class of cases. It is framed
with a view of being able to punish, by the laws
of the United States, or rather by martial law, by
the rules and aitides of war, persons who have
been tlius designated, and who attempt to avoid
rendering that soit of service.
Under other circumstances, Mr. President, I
might entertain different views; but m the present
crisis of the country, when 1 see it involved m a
war of the immense magnitude which this war
has assumed, and when i contemplate the prob-
abilities or possibilities of our success or failure,
I am willing to say that the surroundingcircnm-
stances, those which have grown out ot this le-
bellion, have very much to do with modifying pie-
conceived notions; they have very much to do
with inspiring m me an energy and a deep sense
of the obligation of duty which rests upon me
to do what is in my power to counteract these
deleterious effects. We see the countiy now,
vve have seen it for two years, involved in a war
with varying success. We have accomplished
some victoiies, and we have suffered some sad
defeats. The gn atcst injury, in a political alld
pecumarv point of view, is the great, sums which
have been disbursed by the.Government, and ap-
parently, so far as the consummation of putting
down the rebellion is concerned, to but very little
effect. . .
These results are attributable to a variety ot
causes, and 1 think the most prominent aniong
them is the imbecility and the inefficiency of the
head of this Government. I think, sir, it we hail
hud an Administration with as much common
senne and as much military rapacity, or 1 would
say one half of the military capacity that the so-
called confederate government have hail, this re-
bellion could have been crushed out in ninety days.
Why, sir, look at the spectacle: compare the le-
smuxesof this great portion of the con nil y wlncn
remains loyal;' take ,t hum the Atlantic to the
Pacific, from the Potomac to the lakes; you can-
not imagine a country so aboundins in wealth and
power, with all the resources necessary to pros-
ecute a war. We have claimed always that we
were the greatest people upon earth, and we are
so in many lespeets. We are the greatest peo-
ple in popular elements, but we are the poorest
calculated to conduct a gieat war of any people
upon the face of God's earth.
Tins country, with all its elements ot power,
with all its streneth, with all its riches, and the
capacity which a country of this size and popula-
tion should possess, in my opinion hashadadown-
ward tendency. H has been retrograding, anil
we have failed to consummate our objects irom
pure imbecility; and. it 1 may be permitted to use
an unsenatorial term, no country was e\ct seen
iroing to the devil so last.
With our resources, with our money, and with
the innate canacity of our people to make good
soldiers, and with their ability to pioseruteo wai,
it is a shame that their eneigies shoulu have been
so exhausted and wasted. It is a bui runs shame
to us, end it is a disgiace to the age in which we
1UThe popular elements ami the democratic ideas
which have prevailed in this country have neces-
•sari I y communicated themselves to the Aim}
we have made it a great popular, undisciplined
mob—nothing but a mob, sir. There is no disci-
pline in the Army to-day; there has never been
any discipline in it. The records of your battles
show that thousands of stragglers go to the rear,
who should be shot down. The records of your
Army and your rolls show that you have seventy
thousand deserters to-day in the northern States^
You have been Jess than two years engaged in
the prosecution of this war wuh a million men,
and but two men have been punished for desertion.
Talk not about your popular elements and your
democratic doctrines in the prosecution of the
war. For that purpose they are not worth the
snap of your finger. You must change this pol-
icy; you must inaugurate a different one; you
must force discipline into your Army; you must
commencc with your officers and carry it down
to the lowest private. Jf you have not the power
in your Government to* do this, if you have not
the power in your Government to give discipline
and ability to your Aimy, abandon the war at
once and recognize the southern confederacy, and
the sooner you do it the better. You must take
one alternative or the other. I am in favor, sir,
of trying to reduce the Army to discipline. I am
in favor of dispensing with thieves and drones. I
am in favor of elevating to office in the Army those
who will enforce discipline and compel men to be
soldiers. Many of the faults of which I complain
are not confined to the Army; neither is it re-
are not ronitntju tu the Army; neither is it re-
sponsible for them. They emanate from those in
power in this city. Why, sir, a few days ago a
f-eneral officer told mc that he had arrested two
colonels who he was satisfied had been guilty of
diawing their rations in kind, and drawing the
forage for their horses, and at the same time draw-
ing commutation to pay for the forage which their
horses had consumed. He thought it was neces-
sary to make an example, to put down that sort
of thieving and plundering in the Army. He had
the two colonels arrested and tried by court-mar-
tial. They were tried by two distmctcourts. One
of the courts found that the charges and specifi-
< ations were true, but they attached no criminal-
ity thereto. The country has come to this pass-,
sir, that thieving is not criminal, and a court-mar-
tial so decides! If the Secretary of War and the
President had done their duty, they would not only
have dismissed from the service the man who was
found guilty, but they would have dismissed the
court that tried him. They were as guilty as the
colonel who perpetrated the offense. But the pro-
ceedings did not stop here. The other man wax
tried by a more honest court, and found guilty.
The proceedings were sent to the War Depart-
ment, and a return was made releasing the officer
from arrest, and he was discharged, though the
facts and the findings of the court were entirely
against him 1
I was saying, sir, that we had a million men
in the field, and we had no discipline. I believe
that we should be better olT to-day if the Army
were one half its pre^nt size, if the inefficient
men weie sepatatcd from it, and particularly the
inefficient officera; the officers are the most ineffi-
cient portion of it, and it seems to me the higher
they get in grade, the more inefficient they be-
We s<t thousands of thcrn about the streets
hoi*, and in Willard's Hotel they ar* tucked up
in their feather beds like heroes " with their mar-
tial cloaks around them." Some one told me that
ho threw a rock at a lame dog at Wdlard s the
other night, and knocked down two brigadier gen-
orals; and it was not a pood mirht for generals,
either. [Laughter.] You find thousands of offi-
cers all ovei the country They ate the veiy last
men who render any seiviee in the field, but lliey
make all sorts of approaches to the Treasury,
j They march up every month to the pay table with
! die pertinacity and fidelity of a quartermaster s
j mule to his daily peck of oats. They never for-
! £(>t to draw their pay; nor do they forget to sport
| their uniforms and gold lace about in places of
J public entertainment. To teform this evil I would
1 diive these men out of the service; and as for the
i inefficient laggards and the stragglers who retreat
I to the lear, I would either drive them out of the
i Army, ot i would inaugurate a policy that would
! m.ike «ood soldiers of th^m.
1 I am" in favor of the bill which is now undercon-
■ buWation, because it provides for many remedies
■ of that character to render the At my more < flic sent.
'' Sir, the time will soon cotne when the pie&unt
j! Aimy as you call it, but what I conceive to h^ a
