716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
and it is, as the honorable Senator from Oregon
gays, that an army of that kind of discipline, got-
ten up on that kind of system, is oftentimes little
betterthanamob, and its operations will not prove
it much more effective.
Mr. President, I did not complain that the re-
cusants were not forced into camp, were not forced
to take the oath, mid be subject to the rules and
articles of war. I made no such complaint; but
I complained in behalf of the men who were no-
ble and manly enough to go in pursuance of the
call; that the recusants, from the timidity of the
Government, or its unwillingness to execute the
law in that way, were not fined when they were
willing to pay their fines, and would have paid
them, and the exehequet would have been so
much the bettor for it. That is what I complained
of; and I complained further, that in the room
and stead of those who were not willing to go, and
were not capable of going, there were not one hun-
dred other good men diawn in order to go with
their companions into the field to aid and assist
them. I complained of this; but I did not com- j
plain that men were not forced into the service of .
the country, which I hold would be a most mis- j
chievous oppression, and be far mote disastrous j
to the country than anything that we could do. j
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not mean i
to detain the Senate, for i am anxious to have a j
vote taken; but I understand the honorable Sen- ■
ator from Pennsylvania to desire to make an m- ■
scrtion in the place of the section moved to be
stricken out by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia. I shall vote for striking it out. As to the
insertion of the i^ct of 1861, unless he can show
me that the United Slates have previously exer- i
cised such an authority under their laws—not that '
the States have done so—i cannot vofe for the in-
sertion. They aie distinct questions. But I wish
the Senate to come back to the consideration of
the question as regards this section on the motion j
to strike out. The Constitution says, in express j
terms, that you have authority to govern such j
portion of the militia as are m the service of the \
United States. No more. This section proposes
to govern them by military law before they are m
the employment of the United States; and if there
is any meaning in the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, it is a plain excess of power.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to consume the time of the Senate in the dis-
cussion of this matter, but I have a question to
put to the learned Senator from Delaware. The
Constitution provides that " Congress shall have
power to provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union." Now the ques-
tion which I wish to put to him is, whether it is
not an inevitable inference from this language,
that Congress is clothed with full power to pro-
vide the means of making Unit call effective, oud
immediately effective, if the Government shall
need an immediate calling fonh of the militia?
Mr. KAYARD. I, of course, can answer only
for my own opinions. The honorable Senator
and I probably differ in our view of the Federal
Constitution. I think it a Government founded
on consent; he may think it a Government of force.
I believe it is a Government founded on the com-
pact of sovereign Slates, though still a Govern-
ment, and that the intention was to give the direct
power to raise an aimy by its own means; but I
am unable to con.stiue the Constitution that the
States ever meant to yield the powei to Congress,
without their <igencv* as State.-, to call the militia
into the service of the United States J derive
this view, not only from the Constitution hsejf,
but from the commentaries upon it. Congn srscan
call for the militia; but they must call on the State
governments for the militia; and the agency to exe-
cute the militia laws is meant by the Constitution
to be vested m the State governments. That is
my view ofjhe Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. Then itis certainly true that
the learned Senator from Delaware differs very
broadlv ftom me in my view of the nature of the
Constitution. If I unduistand him correctly, he
holds the Constitution to be a mere ctfmpaet be-
tween the States.
Mr. BAYARD. Founded on compact.
Mr. HOWARD. 11 Founded on compact," lie
says. 1 discover no distinction between a govern-
ment which is founded on compact, and a gov-
ernment existing solely by compact, and I fancy
that there can be no distinction in law or m fact.
1 hold, on the contrary, that the Government of
the United States is a Government proper, having
all the powers of sovereignty which the people of
the United States have seen fit to delegate to it,
and that within the limits and to the full extent of
that grant of power, the*Government of the United
States is as sovereign in all respects as is any
other Government upon the face of the earth, and
as coercive. Sir, it is useless to talk about a
Government existing at all times upon the prin-
ciple of the consent of the governed. There must
be a coercive power in order to enforce the decrees
of the Government; otherwise the Government
itself is a mere rope of sand, as u was pionounccd
once in this body by a far abler man than me.
I repudiate, all these doctrines of the John C.
Calhoun school. I trace to that school all the
evils? which we are now suffering in consequence
of this bloody rebellion. 1 trace these evils dis-
tinctly to this false doctrine, this political heresy
which has been operating upon the minds of the
South for years and years past, preached by the
Mohammed of American politics, the false prophet
of our politics, the man whose name i have just
pronounced; a man in whose heart, in my judg-
ment, then; never was a pai ticlc of loyalty or love
for the Government of his country, although a
man of most eminent talent, singular and distin-
guished in his powers of logic—I should, perhaps,
use (he word ''sophistry" instead of" logic."
I see, theiefore, no objection upon the giound
of unconstitutionality to either section two or sec-
tion foui of this bill, itis undoubtedly one of the
sovereign powers of the Government of the na-
tion to call forth the militia, not of the States, but
the militia of the nation, whether they come from
States or from Teitiior'ies, to execute the laws of
the Union, to icpd invasion, and to suppress in-
surrection. l-cim unable to understand how any-
other construction can reasonably be given to the
instrument.
The learned Senator insists that the government
of each State has some effective power over the
militia which aie ni that State, and which power
cannot be overridden or superseded by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Take a plain case;
take his own State, a patriotic, State certainly I
hope, but suppose that the government of that
State does not see fit to oiganize its militia, to
enroll the militin, and suppose it resists every call
that may ho made upon it by the President of the
United States, or by Congiess, to bring its militia
info the field, how are we to obtain the militia, if
we rely solely upon the will and consent of l}ela-
warCj and that consent is not given, but persist-
ently withheld? it only brings us back to an ear-
lier portion in our history when, m some of the
States, the old Federalist paity had full political
powei, who took this samft ground dui iug the war
of 181"2 with Enghmd, that the Government of the
United States had not the power to call out and
use the militia for the purno>-.- of carrying on and
prosecuting that war with sucee^s.
I metely allude to tins historical fact for the
benefit of gentlemen of this body and elsewhere,
and politicians geneially, and 1 call to their atten-
tion the fate of that party and admonish them, in
a friendly way certainly, that the late of that party
may be theirs if they puisne the course which
some of them seem inclined to pursue here.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the attention of
the Senator from DJawme to the remarks 1 am
about to niiike——
Air FOOT, lfmy coPeo^ue wilt yield the floor
for that purpose I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was a^ieed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedxe^day, February 4, 1863.
The House rn<'t ar twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thom\s H.Stockton.
The Journal ofyrsterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the  eguiar order of bus-
iness to be on the piss.ige of the bill to provide
for the tonsu uclion of a submarine cable.
YnililXrA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can scarcely
have a question of privilege higher than the bill
before the House on which ihe main question has
been 0 5 dered.
Mr. DAWES. I desiic to submit a repoit fiom
the Committee of Elections, for the purpose of
having it laid on the table and printed.
There being no objection,
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elections,
submitted a report in the case of John B. McLcod,
claiming a seat as Representative elect from the
second district of Virginia, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Resoloed, That John B. McLeod is not entitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative from the second district
of Virginia.
The report and resolution were laid on the table,
and ordeied to be psinted.
Mr. DAWES, from the same committee, also
presented a report in the ease of W. W. Wing,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Rcsolre<l< That VY. W. Wing i  not entitled to a scat in
iln-i floti.se a* the Kepresctnatn e fiom ilie second disuictof
Vadium.
The report and resolution were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
STENOGRAPHER.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
reported the following resolution from the select
committee on the Commissioner of Patents; which
was read, consideied, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the speci.il committee appointed under
the resolution -submitted by Mi Sheffield, :md adopted by
the House on the 30th ultimo, be, and hereby i^iuthorized
to employ a stenographer instead of a clcik, at the u&ual
late of compensation.
DISTRICT Or COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the consent of the House
: to set apart some day for the transaction of the
business of the District of Columbia. It is im-
matenal to me what day is set apaitj but it ia
necessary for us to know what time we are to
have some days m advance, in order that we may
make the proper prepaiation.
The SPEAKER. What day does the gentle-
man propose to set apart?
Mr. DELANO. I would suggest any day when
the House has no other more important business
on hand.
The SPEAKER. It would be. a little difficult
for the Chair to execute such an order.
Mr. DELANO.
next week, after the morning hour.
A Member. There is a special order for that
day already.
Mr.DELANO. Then I will name Wednesday.
Mr. WASHEURNE. I object to that; and I
will object to any day except Friday and Satur-
: day.
' Mr. DELANO. Then I will say Friday of
next week.
Mr. FENTON. I object to that.
Mr. DELANO. Then say Friday of the week
after.
Mr. FENTON. I will object to any Fiiday
being set apart for this business unfl we ean have
one day for the consideration of private bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will suggest Saturday of
next week.
Mr. DELANO. I am not willing to accept Sat-
urday.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the consent of the House
to report the post route bill. I will say that it con-
tains n bout thirty post routes, and makes provision
for no general legislation. The Senate Post Office
Committee wish to have it befoie them, and I pio-
pose, therefore, that it shall be reported and passed,
Mr. DELANO. 1 object. #
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. S. C. FE3SENDEN, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to submit remaiks upon the
subject of the bankrupt bill. [This speech will
be published m the Appendix.]
IGNATIUS C. MATTING LY.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, by unanimous <• >uS'jnt, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Ignatius Mat-
tmgl v,postmaster of Bardbtown, K'Mi i n< ky; winch
was read a fii^t and second time, ;md reiened to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IXTERX AL RE V12XU12.
Mr. LOOMIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the yet to provide internal
■ levenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt: which was read a first
