66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The War—Mr. Conioay.
Ho. of Keps.
leaders, who might be hanged for the matter of
that; it would not affect the vital point with them,
to wit, slavery, on which they would he more alive,
more sensitive, more jealous, mote determined,
and solid, than ever before. Their defeat in the
field rendering them timid and fearful, their cohe-
sion would be in proportion to their alarm. Their
tendency to unity would be like the spring of a
steel-trap. From an irresistible instinct, every
slaveholder in the land would grapple himself
with multiplied hooks to every other. So that in
a speedy and triumphal conclusion of the war,
the Republicans have no grain of comfort. It
is early, inevitable overthrow to them. Such a
result would fill these Halls with a class of men
who would sweep the confiscation and emancipa-
tion acts from the statute-books with wild shrieks
of execration.
Many suppose that the effect of the proclama-
tion of emancipation will be to so thoroughly,
speedily, and completely annihilate and extirpate
slavery that the slaveholders will have no longer
a motive to act together. This is an egregious
mistake. The proclamation will have no such
effect. It cannot have any such effect. Itsconsti-
tutionality is denied. It is still unexecuted, and
its validity undetermined. The whole subject is
yet open to debate and final settlement. The ju-
diciary department is to render Us decision upon
it; and, in the mean time, it is to he the controlling
issue in a popular election fur President. This
state of things will undoubtedly inspire the slave-
holders with a more resolute purpose than ever.
Their effort will not, as heretofore, be to prevent
the pbolnionist from freeing the slave, as a distant
and speculative proposition, but to rescue him
from the grasp of the enemy already actually laid
upon him. It will redouble their will, and bring
out every latent energy.
Hut it is thought that Congress might take the
ground that the seceded States had committed sui-
cide, and weie not -Slates at all, but T( rritories,
and had no right to resume constitutional relations
with the Union. This would, of course, be a vio-
lation of the object of the war, anil is not to he
presumed. This object has been declared over
and over again, by the executive department. It
has been set foith m every message of the Pres-
ident to Congress, from the first to the last, inclu-
sive; in (livers of his proclamations and orders,
particularly in his last great proclamation of
emancipation; in the reports ami correspondence
of his Secretaries; and also by the two Houses of
Congress* in formal resolves. It has been officially
communicated through the Secretary of State to
all the courts of Kurope; ami has been made
known to the rebels themselves, it therefore
stands in the naini e of a formal pledge to all man-
kind. It will not probably he changed. A. propo-
sition to decl.ue the seceded States politically out-
side, but teinionaliv inside, of the Union, was
biought. foiward in the Senate las! winter, under
the high sanction of (he distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Si'mnt.u,] but was not
favorably entei lamed, for the very teason that it
implied an infraction of the principle upon which
the war was being waged. The same suggestion
has been repeatedly made m I his House, in vari-
ous forms, by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, [Mr. Ashley,] with no
better success.
But even if ihiscxpedient should be resorted to
by the Republicans, it would only be a temporal y
Oileet, as this, with all o'her questions involved,
would be submitted to the issue of the election.
Cut U would also, in the mean time, have been
reversed by the Congress which comes into ex-
istence after the 41h of March next.
1 cannot, theiefore, see how this war can end
otherwise than in a manner most injurious and
melancholy to the nation.
Yet, if the Pi esuient should enact an immediate
and radical refoini, should proclaim a ({liferent
principle and purpose, and follow it up by con-
centrated and powerful attacks upon the enemy,
the pres. nt tendency might he counteracted, and
the event, after all, be good. Bat of this there is
no probamlity.
ft is thus evident that all the forces of the
count!y—civil, military,politicj|,diplomatic,and
other—have ben manipulated m a way to defeat
ti; legitimate resu It of i ins great progressive move-
ment of the North. The Administration has
seemed to endeavor first to restore the Union on
the terms of the Constitution as it is; and, failing
in this, to so dispose the elements as to insure the
ascendency of a Democratic fusion party m the
next election,maintainingthequestion undeterm-
ined long enough to be able to deliver it over to
the new Administration for settlement on the
basis of compromise; thus making the poweivof
the slaveholders in the nation and over the con-
tinent supreme and permanent.
I attach no blame to the person who fills the ex-
ecutive ofBce; I only deploie the fate which has
afflicted us with the wrong man in that place at
this momentous period. Wc are told of a philos-
opher who undertook to demonstrate the inevit-
ability of the Reformation in a few statistics about
Luther's family and early surroundings. He col-
lected certain geographical and other facts, such as
the kind of soil, climate, and productions of his
birthplace; the kind of people among whom the
great reformer was brought up; the character of
lus parents and associates; and thus formed the
basis of a philosophical analysis, resolving Luther
into an in vincible Jaw from the operation of which
the Reformation must necessarily ensue. I should
think that such an analysis of Mr. Lincoln would
show him to'be uttei ly incapable of anything else
than just what he has perfotmcd. He has been
an instrument. The transition of great bodies,
through the progress of ideas, does not take place
by rapid and unbroken marches. Its advance is
slow and by degrees. At the time Mr. Lincoln
was elected President, the nation had not yet been
delivered. The North had just realized its iden-
tity, but had not become independent. The old
system had just begun to give way and let in the
new. Mr. Lincoln was the legitimate repiescnt-
ative of th.\t indefinite and uncertain peuod. The
South had seceded; but the North had not entered.
A vision of the Union hoveted over the land, and
dwelt m the minds of men. Mi. Lincoln was
nej the r noi them nor southern, but an embodiment
of that shadow, which, rising up from the expir-
ing form of the old oider, lingered over its remains,
reluctant to depart.
I am sure that no other person than Mr. Lin-
coln, or some one of the same mold, could iiave been
elected President at that time. The nation, though
not southern as before, was yet not fully northern,
and the southern element was a necessary ingiedi-
eut in the character of I he Piesident. Theieasou
Mr. Sew.ud was not chosen instead of Mr. Lin-
coln is that the former was the re pi esentati ve of the
Noi tb In its absolute character, and that character
had not yet been fully developed. Mr. ttewaul
was defeated, but not by the Noi th. He was de-
feated by the southern connection. Let him not
now endeavor to stiangle the North. He was a
worthy, an illustrious exponent of that movement
winch was the germ of a new nationality; and
had his splendid genius been given toitsserviee m
the hour of its bu th, as it ought to ha\ e been, gi ate-
fuliy would it now hail him its deliverer and ben-
t-factor, and proudly would it crown him with its
highest honors.
it does not become me to say what should be
done by the Representatives of the people to se-
cure the nation from such a calamity as this pies-
ages. I have no policy to propound; no measure
to advance. My service in the public councils
will expire with this short session of Congress.
I am not, for the futuie, one of the accredited
agents oftheNoilh,upon whom propeily devolves
this responsibility. I do not, therefore, put my-
self forward as its guide or champion.
Thei e are of hois in the*e Halls butter fitted in
| this juncture ro propose the measure it would
become us to adopt. I defer to them.
The Senator fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
who has lately been reelected to serve another term
of six years m the body he has so long adoined,
should, in this crisis, point us to the proper action.
His pui eiy northern character, Ins great abilities,
his lofty aspirations, his sacrifices foi freedom, the
entire confidence of his State, so spontaneously
bestowed upon him—and thatState the noblest in
America—all single him out as one authorized and
required to speak with a decisive voice on this
great occasion.
There arc also m this House gentlemen whose
words on this momentous theme the country will
listen to with intense interest. The honorable
member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thaddeus
Stevens,] one of the tiuly great men of Amer-
ica—full of learning and wisdom—tried by long
years of aiduous service in this cause, who has
never faltered, and is now reelected m his district
by overwhelming numbers, stands foremost
among those of whom the nation will expect de-
liverance from the dangers which encompass it.
Let these men, and such as these, speak, and
tell the country what to do m this hour of trans-
cendent peril.
Nevertheless, I cannot refrain from expressing
my individual opinion that the true policy of the
North is to terminate this war at once. The
longer it continues, the woise our situation be-
comes. Let the two Houses of Congress adopt
the following resolutions:
Resolved by the Senate anilllouseof Representa/bes, <S> c.,
Tlmt the Executive lie, and he is Uoieby, lequej-red to issue
a gencial oidcr to all commanders; of loieo.s la the -.evoiai
nnhtuiy dopattmunts of the United States to di-contnmc
offensive o|>ei<itions against the enemy, and to act for tiie
future I'litiielv on i in? defensive.
Rewind!, That the Executive he, and lie is hoieby, fur-
ther icqiu^tert to enter into negotiations with the authori-
ties of the eoniedciaie .State-2 with icference to a cessation
of hostilities.based on the following ptopo-ntiotii? : ]. Ilce-
ogmtiono! the independence of the conledeiatc State*. 53.
A umioim s^tem of duties upon unpens. 3 Fiee trade
between the two States. 4. Ttee navigation of tiie Mi is>-
sippi liver. 5 Mutual adoption of the Monroe doetune.
I am awnre that this may be said to be giving
up the contest. In one respect it undoubtedly is.
It is an abandonment, for the time being, of the
attempt to bring the South under the sway of the
Union by force of aims. But it cannot be de-
nied that in this object we aie already defeated;
we have defeated ourselves. But it also protects
us from the insidious designs of domestic foes,
now plotting wiiinn our own bosom. This action
would, of course, imply a distinct political juris-
diction between the North and South. But that
is now an existing fact.
1 cutiiely disagree with those who assert that
this is impossible, because there are no natural
boundaries between the two, such as the ltoeky
mountains or the Atlantic ocean. This is a bug-
bear with which we impose upon ourselves. The
people of the North and South can never become
foreign nations to each other, in the sense in which
thePiench and English or Russian are. They
are sprung from the same origin, speak the same
language, possess a common hteratuie, inherit
similar political and lehgious views, and inhabit
regions closely connected by natural and artificial
ties. They will, therefore,both be always Ameri-
can. Tiie only great difference between them is of a
social and political nature, namely, that which
arisesfrom the existenceof African slavery in one,
and the absence of it in the other.
This fact, however, offeis no obstacle whatever
to such a separation as is involved m independent
political jurisdictions; on the contrary, it greatly
facilitates it.
Befoic the Fcdeial Union was established all the
States were independent, and associated under Ar-
ticles of Confederation in the nature of a tieaty.
The arguments now adduced to show the imprac-
ticability of present separation between North
and South, go with equal force to piove the im-
possibility of what then actually existed and was
accepiedin the case of the thirteen original States
of the Union. The latter stood towaul each other
precisely as the North and South would stand
should they stop the war and enter into treaty. It
would simply be resolving the Noith and South
into confedci ate States, resuming, as to them, the
old basis of the Con federation. Thm would be the
wholeofit. It is, therefore, a very simple opera-
tion.
I do not suggest this, however, on the idea that
should it. ever be adopted the separation it im-
! plies would be permanent. 1 behove that 'twould
insure nn ultimate reunion on an anti-slavery basis.
I have confidence in the inherent vitality of
northern civilization. 1 have no fear to set it in
competition with that of the South. Let them
proceed side by side in the race of empire, and we
shall see which will triumph.
The South has no coherence; no solid basis. It
is built upon a foundation of sand. The principle
of secession is one of disintegration. Its system
is unstable from foundation to turret, Slavery
