720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
avoid any collision between this corps and any
other corps of the Army.
The Quartermaster General, I will say, is
charged, in a general way, with furnishing to this
medical corps all its ambulances, all its forage,
horses, and hospital stores, with the exception of
medical stores, which are supplied by the medi-
cal department. -But when these ambulances,
horses,and other supplies have been once turned
over to the medical department, that department
is responsible for them. The medical department
is to make out its own hospital trains, and it is to
have charge of its own transportation, so that then.*
can be no sort of excuse fur inefficiency in future.
At present, there is practically no head of the
hospital department, and the result is that often
for days and nights men are permitted to lie on
the finld of battle, not only unattended but with-
out any steps whatever being taken for their relief
or transportation from the field. The great diffi-
culty in the way of effecting an efficient organiza-
tion under the existing laws is, that there is no
officer specially charged with this duty. This bill
provides for such an organization, and it provides it
withoutariy appreciable cost, and at the same time
it will allow to be sent back to their regiments not
less than from fifteen to twenty thousand valuable
men who are fit for service, and to that extent will
fill up the ranks of the volunteer Army.
Mr. STEVENS, i did not distinctly catch all
the provisions of the bill as it was read, and I
desire to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
therefore, whether it is intended to improve the
condition of hospitals and convalescent camps?
Mr. McPHERSON. It has no refeience to the
convalescent camps. We have another bill in
which we provide for them.
Mr. STEVENS. I made the inquiry because
I have a large number of constituents in the Army
who have been wounded in the successive battles
that have taken place; and I believe there has
never been such negligence as has been displayed
in reference to them,and in the convalescent camp
near Alexandria.
One fact ! know—that in the hospital near Fal-
mouth, Virginia, two of mv constituents lying
there, unable to get away, had their legs frozen to
an extent that will require their amputation above
the knee; and I have no doubt they will die in the
process of amputation. These facts are well au-
thenticated by persons who have been there and
have seen the persons. There is a negligence ex-
isting in this department of the Government that
ought to be visited with the severest penalties
upon those who aie guilty of it. I hope some
provision will be made for preventing it in the
future.
Mr. BLAKE. With the consent of the gentle
man from Pennsylvania, ) wish to say one woid.
I know one of my own constituents who was
wounded down here in the battle of Fiedeiicks-
burg—had a leg broken, and was placed in a hos-
pital with many others. The surgeons went along
and chalked above each bed the persons who weie
to have amputations. After they had passed along
he crept up and rubbed out the mark, and the man
is now getting well, and will have a sound leg.
^ I know another officer who was wounded, and
it was determined that amputation should take
place; but when the surgeons came to perform
the woik, he raised his pistol and swore that he
would shoot them if they did not desist. They
did desist,and the nmn has got well. I only men-
tion these facts for the purpose of showing the
necessity there is for reform m this department of
the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN, i ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me a wotd. While this
bill contemplates an essential jefotm m many re-
jects, it is faulty in this particular, as is evident
to anybody who has had i he slightest experience
in the Aimy Now, a man to he a nurse, all of
us know, must be lorn with a faculty and capa-
city for it. Nine out of ten men aie utteily un-
fitted for the discharge of that duty.
By the present arrangement, the surgeon ta
charge of a legnnentai hospital has the whole regi-
ment to select Jus muses from; and you will bear
in mind thatmoie men «u e sick in your regimental
hospitals of ihe field than in all the general hos-
pitals of the country. By this ari angement, these
men who are in the regimental hospitals as nurses
are men who have been selected for their faithful-
ness and competency. *JBy this bill, those men are
to be sent back to the ranks, and their places are
to be supplied by such men as this colonel may
direct.
Mr. McPHERSON. The surgeon selects them.
Mr. SHERMAN Well, sir, you will not get
men who are competent nurses. You will enlist
men who have not the courage, to encounter the
dangers or hardships of the battle-fvcld. That is
the kind of men you will get. It seems to me it
is not a wise provision to fix the limit of these
nurses at twenty to the regiment. It would be
better to make it fifteen, and then allow the regi-
mental surgeon or brigade or division medical
director to select the others from the regiment, so
that they may continue as nurses the men who
have by long service proved themselves to be
valuable, faithful, and competent nurses. I know
there are regiments in the fiekl m which are men
who have served as nurses from their organiza-
tion, and who arc regarded by the regiment as
the most valuable men in it. If the gentleman
will incorporate into his bill an amendment per-
mitting the selection flf five men from each regi-
ment, I will not object to it in other respects.
Furthermore,let me say to the gentleman from
Ohio, in respect to the circumstances which he
states as facts, that while I do not doubt that he
has received information such as he suggests, yet
I doubt the facts. No such facts have occuncd,
and anybody who knows anything about the
medical department of the Army knows that they
cannot be true. To suppose them to occur is
perfectly absurd. Surgeons do not go along the
rooms of a hospital and chalk the ^ases for am-
putation. No surgeon of the Army ever did such
a thing.
In reference to the statement that wounded men
have laid upon the field of battle for three or four
days, let me tell gentlemen there has been no such
instance, except where the wounded men have
laid under the guns of the enemy. The surgeons
have control of the whole musical corp^nnd of the
ambulance corps to bring the wounded from the
field; they have whatever assistance is requned.
But it sometimes happens that the wounded lie
under the enemy's guns where they cannot be
reached. Such was the fact after the splendid
victory of Antietam, which was witnessed by me.
Our wounded, many of them, lay under the guns
of the enemy, and could not be remove^ until after
the enemy had vacated his position.
Hut, if you suppose you are to have surgeons
p enough to peiform all the necessary operations
alter'a great battle witlun fifteen, twenty, or
twenty-four hours, you must more than quad-
ruple your mi dicnl corps. Just imagine what a
corps of surgeons would be required to pay the
necessary attentions to live or seven thousand men
within a few hours. No army ever had a corps
of surgeons sufficient, after a gioat battle, to per-
form upon ail requiting it, what are known as
piimary opeiations, by which it is understood
operations performed within twenty-four hours
after the wound occurred, and which, if performed,
give the patient a greater chance of recovery,
Many of the operations must, of necessity, be
secondaiy, or perfoimed after the period I have
mentioned.
Mr. BLAKE. One word more. I have node-
sire to go into a controversy with the gentleman
from New York on a question of fact. 1 have no
doubt that he is a valuable surgeon himself; but
I will suggest tohnu that he has piobably not had
the opportunity of learning all that has been going
on in the whole Army. The statement 1 made I
received from the man's own hps,and he is a man
of integrity. I have this from his own lips at the
hospital, and I have no moie doubt of its* truth
than that 1 live. The other case I have from a
responsible authority, and 1 believe it to be true.
Now, Mr. Speaker, i know something about
these surgeons mvself. I was in the Army for a
little while, and there I found that a good many
incompetent men have obtained position as sur-
geons. Look at the case of the soldieis who fought
and were wounded at the battle of Port Republic,
i know many of them well. I represent them upon
this floor. I saw them and I saw their wounds.
After thiee or four days those men were brought
to the city of Washington, and their wounds
had not been dressed in all of that time. Their
wounds in many cases were fly-blown. That
fact I know. I know, sir, that there are a great
1 many incompetent surgeons now in the Army of
the United States. If there is anything in the ad-
ministration of the Government that calls loudly
for reform, it is in reference to the surgical de-
partment of the Army. The lives of thousands of
our brave soldiers, 1 have no doubt, have been sac-
rificed by the negligence and inefficiency of our
Army surgeons. 1 do insist most earnestly that
there shall be a reform m the surgical depart-
ment; and while I say that, I know that there are
thousands of good surgeons in the Army of the
United States. I have no doubt that my friend
from New York [Mr. Sherman] is a very good
surgeon, and that he has been very useful in the
Army; but I repeat that there arc a^great many
in the Army as surgeons who have gone there to
learn their trade, who would rather cut a leg or
an arm off than save it. They would rather am-
putate than set a leg or an arm. Their constant
desire is to cut and carve human flesh. We have
surgeons in the Army who have no ri^ht to be
there; mere adventurers who know nothing about
surgical operations, and who expect to finish their
education upon our brave soldiers before the war
closes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
gives as authority for n fact that he has stated
that some one told him so. 1 have no doubt that
he did hear so; but the thing is utterly absurd.
The gentleman himself will think so when he
hears the regulation that prevails among the sur-
gical stalf of the Army. In each division of the
Army that staff is* so organized that each medi-
cal officer knows to-day his position and what
will be his duty in the event of a battle. Three
or four officeis are appointed to opeiatc. They
are the operating statf. No surgeon has a right
to cut olf a limb unless he first has the consent of
that operating staff. These operating surgeons
are appointed beforehand, and they have the de-
cision whether limbs shall be cutoff or not. Theie-
fore it is impossible that what has been \\ U{°d
could have occurred. 1 have no doubt thaCthe
gentleman In ard the story from some soldier; but
we know that soldieis are given to lomancing:.
It is utterly absurd that any such scene couid
have occurred witli any surgeon in the Army.
The gentleman also stated that he had seen the
wounds of soldiers which were fly-blown. I have
no doubt about that at ail. I know that twenty-
four hours after a wound has been iec'ived,do
what you will, it will become fly-blown; and in
foity-eight hours dining the waim weather mag-
gots half an inch long may be picked out of it.
i It is utterly impossible to prevent that, unless the
wound be washed and dressed three or four times
a day. Everybody who is acquainted with the
matter knows that that is inseparable fiom the
condition of the men and the climate, i know that
there are many men in the medical stall of the
Army who are incompetent. So then' are many
inefficient chaplains. So there ate many incom-
petent colonels and captains, and other legimental
officers. I challenge, as a cla&.s, a compat ison be-
tween the snigoons of the Aimy and any other
corps for usefulness, ability, and fidelity. They
are serving at a compensation cntiieiy inadequate.
Why, sir, iio man competent for Lhe place of a
Sing"< on but has had to abandon a practice at home
much more profitable. Look at the case of the
chief surgeon of the army of the Potomac. He
has a compensation that is only enough by the
exercise of the most rigid economy to cover his
necessaiy expenses. Tic only has the lank of a
regimental surgeon. He is a membci ot the staff
of the commander, and is at headquarters;. At
headquarters the general keeps open house to
everybody that calls, and, as is well known,each
member of the staff pays his share of the expense.
The compensation is inadequate.
Mr. WEBSTER. Air. Sneaker, I understand
that this bill does not provide for the efficiency of
the medical department of the Army, and has noth-
j ing to do with it. Whether the Army surgeons
have, or have not, discharged theirduty has  noth-
ing to do with the question. This bill provides
that theie shall be a regularly organized corps for
the management of ambulances, and to act as
! nurses in the hospitals. And however J may agree
; with the gentleman from New'York in regard to
! the surgeons in the Army, it has nothing to do
j with tins bill.
i Mr. Speaker, while I favor the main features of
| the bill for the organization of a senaiate corps,
> still, there is one feature which 1 consider objec-
