1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The Rebellion—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Beps.
like the laws of the Medes and Persians, unaltera-
ble by all the people throughout all the ages. Oh,
no, sir. They did not ask so much as that at his
hands, but only that it should be put into a polit-
ical platform—a thing brewed, like the hell-broth
of the witches, from
"Eye of mewt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,
Lizaid's If-;, and owlet's wing,
For a charm of powerful ttouble;"
and then dashed away more quickly than brewed
when its purposesareended. And, sir, what was
the action of the gentleman then, when, by letting
into that thing of wind called a platform this pro-
tection to slavery, he could have preserved the
democratic party, and thereby, as he avers, the
Union also, and could have elected Douglas and
avoided this war, as they tell us? Did he do it?
For the sake of the nalional Democracy and of the
Union did lie doff his principles and make that
"honorable compromise?" Did he get upon his
belly and eat just a little more dirt ? No,sir; oh,
no. Just when the gentleman was in this attitude,
with Yancey's knife at his party's neck, he re-
ceived from Mr. Douglas this emphatic dispatch:
"Accept the Cincinnati platform and Ored Scott; but go
not a step beyond."
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman one question. Whatauthority has the
gentleman from Ohio for making that assertion?
Does he state it from his own knowledge,or from
information; and if from information, what is the
souiceof thai information?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I stated it as an
extract, verbatim, et literatim, et puncluatim, from
the reports of the proceedings of the Charleston
convention, as they were given to us in the public
papers at the lime the convention was in public
session; and it never has been, so far as I know,
denied.
Just (hen, too, it was that a distinguished dele-
gate from Ohio, Mr. Payne, exclaimed in the con-
vention, " we cannot recede from this ground of
non-intervention without personal dishonor, and
so help us God vvenevei will." It was about the
same moment when another delegate exclaimed,
" 1 feci, praise the Lord, that I have got through
eating dn t. I have eaten my peck, and I want no
moie." And it was then the gentleman lejeeted
the " honorable compromise," divided the Demo-
cratic patty, defeated Judge Douglas, which he
avers divided this Union, and brought on this war.
He did all this i at her than abandon a principle ho
believed right, and put its opposite into a men'
platfoun. lie and Mr. Payne could not put the
opposite of their pi meiplo of non-inten ention into
aplatfui m.even lor the sake of the Democracy and
the Union, without" personal dtshonoi,"and they
swore by i lie God of nations and of men they never
would. A nd, sn, what man oi mou.se has dared to
wag unique ot tail at these men for not eating that
peck of dirt at Chatlesion '
Sir, that was whathe was asked but declined to
do at Charleston, to save this tin ion by " honor-
able compromise." What is it that was demanded
of us? Here is the material pro-slavery term of that
Crittenden compiomise tendered, it is said, to us.
It says:
"Tn all the Tenitniie* *rmtb of 35® 30' slavery of the
Ar'uc.m iue<' is re> o<rui/,ed <1-. i \tsun«, and shall not he m-
tciteted with by ('oniric-.-; but sbnll he protected hv all the
departments ot the ten ifoi ui government during it* continu-
ance.
This provision applied to all future acquired j
tenitoiiL's. This inoposition, let it be oh.served,
is the very antipode of the leading pu'ncipie on
which Mi. Lincoln had just been elected, as that
leading pi m.-'pie was interpolated in the eighth
lesolution of the Chicago platfoi m, which excluded
slave! y from the Temiones. It was " personal
di.shonoi " fot Mr. Payne and Mr. Richardson to j
admit into their nunc platform the opposite of i
their pi mciples, not principles ]ust affirmed by the j
voice of the people; but it is " honoiable com pro- j
mise" for us to tin u&t into the Constitution of the j
United States, and to make it uiktlterable/orevei, ;
the vet y opposite of our principles which had been ,
justatThmed by the voice c>( the nation. Why, j
Mr Chairman, the gentleman has become patient
beyond pi ecedent, when it is not his, but our prin-
ciples, our honor, our possession and administra-
tion of the Government, which are to be given up
by his " honorable compromise." Since this re-
bellion has culminated in flagrant war, he has
exhibited the graces of meekness far beyond the
examples of the patriarchs and prophets. Even
Moses and Job have ceased to be respectable. The
primer must be changed now in order to vindicate
" the truth of history;" and to the questions our
mothers used to ask us in the nursery, " who was
the most patient man?" and " who the meekest
man?" instead of the answers being Job, Moses,
both must now be answered, William A. Rich-
ardson.
It is true the gentleman's suffering is alleviated
some in the fact that it is our suffering he pro-
poses to tolerate,our honorhe proposes to tarnish,
our principles he proposes to sacrifice: but still
he is meek and patient, because in " fhis honor-
able compromise" he is now ready to make with
armed rebellion he parts with his own piineiples
of non-intervention as well as ours. And what
makes his graces of patience arise to the abso-
lutely illusttious and saintly is the fact that his
honoiable compromise is to be made with the
same men now in aims against him, who admon-
ished the people of Charleston, when the gentle-
man and his* fellow-delegates went there, to put
un incieased police force on their beat, and stron-
ger locks on their doors to protect property and
women from the danger which the presence of
northern Democrats had brought to the city.
Why, sir, I remember that a man, once a most
distinguished member of this House and ot the
Senate, whose eloquence surpassed Patrick Hen-
ry's, drew from oriental biogiaphyan example
of meekness in the life of a Hebrew herdsman,
who afterwards became a Hebrew king. He de-
scribed the shepherd boy as being helped up the
acclivities of Judea's mountains by adhering to
the talis of Jesse's cattle, and as tecejving with
maiked patience in his golden hair what was
coveted most for the enrichment of the impover-
ished soil of the valleys below. That looks like
patience. But even that example pales its ineffect-
ual fnes be fot e the lustei of this modern example
of meekness which we have in the geinh man from
Illinois.
Mr Chairman, even my colleague [Mr. Val-
i.akdicuiamJ was compelled, the other day, to
admit that we could not in honor accept the Crit-
tenden compromise; and he makes us guilty of a
" high crime" m hold ing our principles at all, and
not in the refusal to pait with them. He says:
u Hut that pattv. moht <ii--a>troir-Iy for the cottniiy, re-
fu-ed .ill coni]Morni>i-. How, indeed, could the;, accept
air, ? That which ihe South demanded and the Democratic
and eonscivative paiti<> ot the North and \Ve>i wore will-
ing to giant, and winch alone could avail to keep the peace
and save the Union, implied a mu jcihIoi oi the sole vital
element of the party." * * " * * *
" tfn, the ciime, the ' high crime'of the Republican patfy
wat- not much it's refusal to i.ojiipiomt-*e, a> it- orijjtnai
ojjzamzation upon a h.iMs ami doctrine wholly inconsistent
with the stability of the Constitution and the peace of the
Union."
Sir, the repetition now, and its use, to overthrow
the Government, by those who aspire to speak foi
a great party, of this accusation, that the princi-
ple upon which Mr. Lincoln was elected was so
damnable as to make its holding a " h.gh crime,"
and its affirmation by the people a just cause of
rebellion, makes it pioper that attention should
be invited again, stale as it is, to what that hideous
principle is. Ilere it is:
"The States have the right, exclusively, to oider ami
conttol tin ir dmni'-!ie liMUutions aceoidnic to then own
judsmeut; and the Temto'ii's ate, by the Constitution ;nid
common law, tiee teiritory ; ami when neces^ai} to-ecine
to persons m the Tomtom'* then constitutional light to
hhet t_\, lecislation to that end r-itould b<' provided."
This sir, is the precise substance of the whole
pt inciple making our " high ci line.Tite .States
exclusive masters of their own domestic affairs,
the Teriitones ft<e. The question [ make with
him who says this principle is a " high cnmc,"
and with him who says we caused the war by le- i
fusing to pa it with tin* principle is, was tins pun- i
ci pie so damnable m its character that )rc could have
abandoned it without personal dishonor, while he
could not abandon his principles at Charleston
without fuch pei soiled dishonor? That is the
question, sir. Gen t kmc n can not dodge i:, or blink
it, or cover it up fiom the view of an intelligent
people. ThiPP Words cover the whole vast ques-
tion: "Are Territories free?" Is this doc-
trine so monstrous that we couid not believe H—
so monstrous that, just when it was solemnly sanc-
tioned bv the people, and a Government selected
to defend i t, it could be abandoned under the force,
of the logic of assassins and bullies, by an "hon-
orable compromise?" What! Mr. Chairman, that
the Territories ought to be free—a self-evident and
monstrous wickedness—to be instantly abandoned
at the threat of treason the moment treason de-
mands it. Why, sir, in the name of history, of
truth, and God, let us look at this. Favor to free-
dom and to free labor—non-favor to extension of
slavery and slave labor in the new States and em-
pires of this continent! Who, sir, were and are
the friends and advocates of this doctrine, which
freemen are now demanded to dash to the dogs of
rebellion the moment they bark at us? Why, sir,
where did we learn that lesson? Who were our
schoolmasters?
Will the gentleman from Illinois walk with me
a moment in fancy? I take him to no porch of
Zeno. I ask him not to the groves of Aristotle.
Let him go with his head uncovered with me now,
fori invite him into an august presence. That
is not an unnatural fancy which lets the dead re 
visit " the glimpses of the moon," and which has
assembled them again in Independence Hall as
witnesses of the sad spectacle now before us, the
death-struggle of the great Republic modeled after
their teachings or formed by their hands. It is
into that convocation I invite gentlemen of this
House and my countrymen. Let us light up
again that old hall, where they reassemble now,
with the same lamps which shone down upon,
their benches when they were there before, .Let
the books be opened again from which these
founders of our Government read the precepts
which guided them in our natal epoch. Let that
focus of lights which fell upon the cradle of the
Republic be again thrown in full blaze upon us
as we stand around what, alas! may be its grave.
Let us look upon the shades of our fathers in the
same illuminations which surrounded them when
they made the Republic. There these lights are
now hanging in a vast galaxy around the cham-
ber where, m-fancy, our mighty dead have come
back. lie who turns with most confidencc to the
teachings of our holy religion, would first look
towards the constellation in which are grouped
the great teachers of that divine faith. In that
group he will see Baxter, Paley, Whitfield, Clark,
McKinght, Scott, Beattie, Butler, God win, and the
whole body of the representative minds of Chris-
tendom. Of the Protestant faith Wesley may be
the central figure, and of th'-Catholic, Leo X; and
all alike are saying m the language of Wesley—
•' Human slavety us the vilest thing that evei saw
the sunlight," and in the language ofLeo X, " not
religion alone, but nature herself cries out against
slavery." He who revei es I be teachings of the great
masters in pubheand international law, would fiist
look at the light held by Blackstone and Montes-
quieu,and Sir William Jones and Grotius, where
he would read their united testimony written over
them all in the immortal words of Grotius, that
great father of the international law—"They who
buy, sell, or abduct slaves or ftee men aie men-
steaicrs." He who bows reverently befote the
men who give laws to empnes, policies to States,
and character to civilization itself, would first
see the light which came from the torch held in
the hand of Fox and Burke and Clarkson and
Wilberforce and Pitt; and would read m that
light the utterance of them all m the memorable
words of Pitt—t% It is injustice to permit slavery
to remain a single hour in England." He who
is mo,>t moved by the melodies of imperishable
song, or is guided by the persuasive foices of
high literary productions, would first see in this
assemblage, Addison, Hannah More, and Dr.
Johnson and their associates in the world of let-
ters, and would read, over them all, the words of
Dr. Johnson, wntten in light which ages have not
dimmed, " No man is the property of another."
lie who bows with most reverence in the august
presence of the common law, would first turn to
t hat gi and impersonation of that law which is over
the vory entrance to the Chamber where we now
aie, Lord Mansfield. What he holds in his hand
is the judgment of the King's Bench in the case of
Romersett; that thing which, upon the 22d day of
June, 1772, belted with a zone of light the earth
as far as goes that dominion "whose morning
