1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jority of the people of that State. But it would be
vain for any power to attempt to force that hon-
orable gentleman or that people ever to indorse
the policy of the Administration, if on that ac-
count wc are to be left undefended from invasion,
so be it. Our fields have been ravaged, our prop-
erty carried away, our citizcns murdered, and a
section of the State which has sent as many as
fifteen thousand soldiers to the Union Army has
been left without a solitary company of united
States troops to defend it against insultand plun-
der for six weeks at a time. The solemn duty that
rests on the Government of the United States to
defend thatState hasnotbeen performed; and the
enemy has been suffered to make incursions into
it, while wc had forty-four thousand men in the
service of the Government, and not a regiment
of that force within all our borders and no oilier
regiment to defend us.
The bill only asks the Government of the United
States to permit us to furnish the troops to make
that defense. It is the same bill which we asked
more than a year ago to have passed. No one
can blind his eyes to the fact that had it been
passed then, much of the shame and loss sus-
tained, and much of the blood that has flowed in
that State, would have been avoided. The re-
sponsibility is on the heads of those who obstruct-
ed the passage of the bill for the^murders com-
mitted in that State, for the deaths resulting from
savage incursions, for the loss of property, and
for the shame to our flag. We are not to blame
for that. We have been, time and ajrain, taunted
on this floor with not being able to defend our-
selves. The honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania the other day made a rematk of that kind,
that he was "sorry to see that Kentucky was not
able to defend herself.'' It would be exceedingly
ungenerous, Mr. Speaker, to expect Kentucky to
defend heiself against the whole souths rn con-
federacy, and to fight by herself the battle for the
protection of the homes of Ohio, Illinois, and In-
diana. It is but a narrow view of (ho subject for a
gentleman to say that when we are contending
against the invasion of the State of Kentucky, we
are only defending our own homes. No, sir, we
are defending the homes of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, and unless the troops of those and other
States come to our assistance, it might be reason-
ably expected thcit we would beoveicorne by the
rebellion. But, sir, befoic that taunt can be used
against us with any force 01 justice, you mustgive
us the opportunity to defend ourselves. Return
to us our regiments. Bring them back, or give
us the control of them, and we will be icsponsi-
ble for our own defense. Till then the responsi-
bility rests upon the Government. Permit us to
arm as many of our citizens as we are willing to
raise 111 defense of our State and of the honor of
the flag, and then if any disaster happens to us we
are justly responsible, and we may be blamed. We
are not asking for magnanimous treatment at you r
hands; we only ask for justice. Do not tyke from
us the troops wc have raised for the defense of
the Union, and thus take from us all the means of
defense, and then taunt us with not being able to
defend ourselves.
A gentleman remarked upon this floor in ref-
erence to the troops from his own State, that we
would not have hod a roof to shelter us if such
troops had not come to defend us. Sir, we
risked the homes of all of us in espousing the
cause of the United States. We understood well
that risk when we made our derision. We
gave up our fields as battle-grounds. We knew
the fact that the moment Kentucky entered the
arena as a party for the Union in this war, she
would become the Flanders of America, that her
soil would again become the " daik and bloody
ground." We knew that war was to be brought
to the homes of our women and children, and that
the troops of the enemy and our own troops were
to be quartered upon us and consume our sub-
stance. But in the face of all this we entered the
lists in defense of the flag of the United States.
And after having furnished more troops for the
war in proportion to out population than the gen-
tleman's State, we are to be met to-day with the
taunt that we would not have a home but for his
troops. Such observations reproach only those
who make them. These consequences were be-
fore us when wc took the steps we did;and now,
after the many months of disappointment that
have gone by,after the ruin that has been visited
upon our State, after so many of our sons have
fallen, after so much of our property has been lost
and destroyed by the devastations of war, we do
not regret the step wc have taken. 1 will never
pro\e so false to the brave men who fell in de-
fense of Kentucky and of the Union, and whom I
encouraged to the honorable combat—f will never
prove so false to their memory as to acknowledge
that in any lespect we have been mistaken in our
policy or m the position we have assumed. No,
sir, doubtful as is our present, dark and uncertain
as is the future, I rejoice that Kentucky chose the
path of honor and of duty, and that her sons were
found virtuous enough to mark it with their blood.
Mr. DAWES, I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Kentucky, and to make it in
all fairness. I am not disposed to criticise Ken-
tucky. I appreciate the sacrifices of the Union
men of Kentucky, and I desire to so tegulate my
couise respecting this bill as shall best protect the
Union men of Kentucky. Hut without criticising
her statesmen in the past or the course pin sued by
them in the present, I desiie to know, as a matter
of information, whether in view of the past, in
view of the fact that in pursuance of past legisla-
tion of Kentucky, a home guard was raised in that
State for the protection of Kentucky, and, as it
was supposed,of the Union, which, when Buckner
was placed in command of, he transferred to the
lebel army. I say, in view of these facts, can the
gentleman give us an assurance that we should be
entirely safe from some such contingency in the
future* I appreciate all the gentleman has said.
I appreciate all the Union men of his State have
done, but I desired information whether he was
quite sure that some such contingency may not
atise m which some second Buckner may transfer
troops, arms, and munitions of war that this bill
provides for to the enemy. If I could satisfy my-
self upon that point I would not object to the bill.
Mr. W ADS WORTH. 1 have 'heard the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts patiently through,
conscious that he was proceeding upon a state-
ment of facts that did not exist. There never was
any home guard of Kentucky that proved false
to the Union. It is true that there was organized
in Kentucky, without any reference to the lebel-
iion, and before it broke out, and when Simon
Buckner was adjutant general of the State under
Governor MagofKn,a State guatd. I believe that
Buckner made use of his official position to in-
doctrinate with secession a part of that State
guard, which was a purely State organization,
never having received arms, munitions, or money
from the national Government—a purely State
militia organization. I say that 1 have no doubt
Buckner indoctrinated them with secession ideas.
And quite a considerable number of individuals,
composing part of that State guard, did subse-
quently (lee from the State and enlist under the
flag of the confederacy. They did not take with
them a musket belonging to the United Status—
not one, nor a cartridge, nor any article of piop-
erty belonging to the Government. For this con-
duct they are responsible as individuals, and not
as an oiganization; for they went away as indi-
viduals, stealing away in the night time, and turn-
ing up m the camps of the southern confederacy.
These effmps were in Tennessee, along the north-
ern borderof thatState. They wete thoie to over-
awe us and to invade us, as they subsequently
did. The Union people of Kentucky are not re-
sponsible for what these traitors did. The Union
people of Kentucky opposed them, and opposed
Buckner. They opposed them upon tlje stump;
they opposed them at the ballot-box; they op-
posed them in every way with all their might.
They then formed a home guard, and applied to
the Government for weapons, planting themselves
under the banner of the Union foi the puiposeof
resisting, with arms, all those who would cut
Kentucky loose from the Union and drag her out
as Tennessee had been dragged out, as Virginia
had been dragged out, in defiance of the will of
the people. Our people came \ oluntarily together
and elected their captains and their colonels, and
took the muskets given them by the United States
to defend themselves, and to as'scrt the supremacy
of the majority of their own State. Since that
time the position of thatState towards the Union
has not been questionable in the eyes of any well
informed man. I scorn to give the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] any other assurance
of the loyalty of the State of Kentucky, or the
people of Kentucky, than is before his eyes., I
would have him know that Kentucky, like his
own State, rests her honor and her eulogy upon
her history.
Mr. DAWES, The gentleman does mc ityus-
tice if he supposes that I impugn his State,
Mr, WADSWORTH. The gentlemai) will
pardon me for saying that his question necessa-
rily does it, when he asks for some assurance from
mc that these troops and arms and munitions of
war will not be taken into the southern confeder-
acy; some assurance that the people of Kentucky
are not asking these arms to be used against the
cause they espouse, against the Government an.d
the flag of the country.
Mr. DAWES. 1 thought the gentleman be-
lieved me sincere in asking for information upon
this matter. If he did not so believe me he ought
not to have yielded to mc. God forbid that I should
impugn the patriotism of any man who, after tho
trial of fuc and smoke and battle that has raged in
Kentucky, is a Union man. If the gentleman does
not believe me sincere, 1 repeat he ought not to
have yielded to me at all.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I believe the gentle-
man sincere, but his question itself impugns the
honor of my State.
Mr. DAWES. I beg the gentleman wilt yield
again, merely that I may be set right. The gen-
tleman cannot expect us to forget that a consider-
able portion of tho people of Kentucky have here-
tofoie proved unfaithful to the Union; that they
did all that men could do to bring Kentucky into
the vortex of disunion. I may have called the
State guard a home guard by mistake. J referred
to an organization that went over to the enemy,
and nothing but the sacrifices and the pattiotism
of the Union men saved the State from going with
them. I asked the gentleman, therefore,in good
faith if he could assure us that theie was no danger
that the same thing would occur again; whether,
if we put these arms, these munitions, and this
authority into the hands of the Union men of
Kentucky, there was no danger of again losing,
not only the men, but some of the muniments of
war? I asked the question, I repeat, in good faith,
and in no other spirit than that of kindness, for
there is no man who goes before me in deference
to that Union sentiment in Kentucky which puts
no conditions upon itself.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have tried to give
the gentleman the information he sought. I have
first informed him that he was mistaken as to the
facts; that our State guard organization was in
existence long before these troubles were upon
us; that it was not armed with the weapons, nor
equipped with the money of the United States;
that as an organization it has never gone to the
soutliei n confederacy, although individuals com-
posing it have gone, as Simon Buckner has gone,
to the southern confederacy.
But, sir, I inform the gentleman, and everybody
else who takes an interest in it, that the State
guard was full of loyal and true men. Hundreds
of them are to-day in the ranks of the United
States Army. They aie in evciy portion of the
United States Army, from major general to noble
private, fighting for the United States. The gen-
eral who succeeded General Buckner in the com-
mand of the State guard boie i\ conspicuous and
gallant part in the thie<  days' battle at Stone
river, as he did at the battle of Shiioh.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mi. Speaker, 1 desire that an
answer shall be lendeied to the gentleman ftoni
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Simon Bolivar
Buckner—will not he oi someoneeise transfer this
force or these arms to the rebellion? To this it
may be answered that no Fcduial force that ever
trod the soil of Kentucky has gone over to the
rebellion. It may be answered in the next plaoe
that Simon Bolivar Buckner never was m the ser-
vice of the United States in command of that force.
It may be answered that, while the bill provides
for the raising of companies and regiments, and
their organization in Kentucky, it also provides
for arepet.tson of what has been done by the Gov-
ernors of (he Union from the time that the lebel-
Iion brolo- forth, and what the Constitution of the
United States gives them the right to do. What
else ? Whi n you come to brigading and commis-
sioning them, they are. put under generals appoint-
ed and commissioned by the President of the
United States. The Federal general appointed by
the President of the United States is to command
