1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
SYth Cong....3d Sess.
The Rebellion—Mr. Shellcibarger.
Ho. oj? Reps.
have not passed before him, in the cerements of
the tomb, all these the founders of our free insti-
tutions, each one as lie passes repeating those
words of Washington—" It is among my first
wishes to see some plan adopted by which sla-
very in this country shall be abolished by law,"
in the hope that the teachings of Washington and
of all Iiis illustrious associates and of all modern
civilization would be preferred to the teachings of
the Charleston Mercury. But I have cited these
examples and deeds of history again for other pur-
poses. Une is that for which the Irish lawyer
cited Blackstone to the drunken judge, to icmind
him what a fool Billy Blackstone wad. I want to
show him what blockheads Grotius, Burke, Addi-
-Gon, Blackstone, Milton, Washington, Jefferson,
and Franklin,and Webster,and Clay were. And
the other reason for these citations is to show him
that when he bids us to abandon our principles at
the threat of rebellion he bids us abandon what
we had been fooled into believing, not merely by
the precepts and examples of ail the great men of
this Republic without one illustrious exception,
but by the precepts and example of every truly*
great man who has lived for two hundred years,
and by the united voice and example of the entire
christianized world. I wanted to show him not
that Washington and Grotius and the Bible and
modem civilization were right, but only that when
we declined, by an " honorable compromisewith
Yancey's whip at our backs, to swap the princi-
ples of Patrick Henry for those of mud-siil Ham-
mond, we have some apology for bt inging on this
war in the fact that we weie deceived into believ-
ing our piinciplcs by the teaching of all good men
and good Governments which have existed for n
century. I have cited them to show him that if
it would have been dishonorable compromise for
him to be bullied out of his principle of " squatter
soveicignty" by Yancey at Charleston, because
ho had reasons to believe in U, then it would be
dishonorable compromise in us to be bullied out
of our principles at Washington by Benjamin or
Toombs or Mason, because we had reasons to
believe in ours.
But, Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman is tight
when he says it would have been honorable coin-
promise for him to have, got upon his belly at
Charleston before.Toombs and Yancey and begged
paidon for having dared to hold any pi inetpU\and
especially that of popular sovereignty, and to have
meekly taken in its place " the slave code;" and
if it would be " honorable compromise," had Mr.
Douglas been elected, for him and Mr. Douglas
to prostrate themselves before the Republican
paily with theii hands upon their mouths and
their months in the dust, crying " unclean—un-
clean—if yon Republicans only will not rebel and
assassinnte Mr. Douglas, wo will gladly put your
pi ineiples into the Oonstitmion and make thorn
eternal, and will never hold any of our own any
more, and will ask pardon for ever having gone so
far as to put any even into a platfoim;" if he is
right in saying that it would ha \ e been honoiable
compromise in us, pist when the pi incipb-s of
Washington and Ins compels were by the voice
and appioval of the people intrusted to us foi
administration, to abandon them when mud-sill
Hammond ctucked his whip at us; yet, sir, it
is monstrously, absolutely, and incontestably an
error to assert that these conspiratois would have
given us even that "honorable compionvse."
(Jtterly polluted with dishonor as we would have
been, as we iay thorp prostrate m filth before the
rebellion, bogging to be permitted to exchange
Washington's ptincipies for Bully Brooks's by
" honoiable compromise," they would have spit
upon us and lacked us, instead of giving us the
" honorable compiomisc" of the gentleman from
Illinois.
In proof of this let us submit foots to a candid
world. Mr. Douglas, whatever he may have pte-
viously said in hot debate, said m the last public
utteiance of his life: "There never was a time
since the inauguration of Washington when the
rights of the South were safer under the law than
tliey are now." "The slavery question was a
mere pretext'" for tills tebeilion. The icbellion
js the result of " an enormous conspnacy formed
more than twelve monfhsago." lfMr. Douglas
told the truth when he declared that the i ebeis had
no more cause to rebel when they did than they
would have had on the 30ih of April, 1789, the
dayWashington was inaugurated—and Mr. Doug-
las said that is so—will the gentleman say to me
that our debasement of ourselves at the feetof the
rebels by abandoning our principles and accept-
ing theirs would have broken up that enormous
conspiracy, made thcirrights more secure, which
were as secure as when Washington was inaugu-
rated; or would they have permitted themselves
to he robbed by our prostration before them of
their coveted " pretext'" Would they, sir? If
he will so say, then I will submit another proof.
" Douglas did notknow," will the gentleman say,
"whereof he affirmed when he said that the slavery
question was a mere Excuse* for the rebellion;'
and that they were 'as safe when they rebelled
as they were under Washington;' Douglas was
not veiy familiar with public affairs; had not seen
much of this rebeldom; did not know the plans and
movements of the conspirators; and was not a close
or shrewd observer oilmen; and what is worse,
was born in New England. Douglas lied when
he declared the slavei y question was a mere * ex-
cuse.5 " Be it so; let the gentleman Horn Illinois
pass Douglas too into the rear along with the block-
heads Washington and Madison and Franklin and
Gioiius.
I next take as my witness Reverdy Johnson—
a southern man, not guilty of being born in New
England. Does he know something about the
southern heait? lie,upon the 7th of May, 1861,
at Frederick, Maryland, used these words: " The
truth is, and I regret to believe it, that a fear of
the violation of southoi u rights was Willi the pio-
moteisof tin.-, icbcilion a mere protons'*." They
feared " the power was passing fi om them." Did
this the South's champion m the i> ivat Drod Scott
case, and one of its greatest intellects, know this
South, or did he falsify when he declared, that
when thev lebelled they did not even have a fear
of the violation of any southern right? Does the
gentleman leply, that " Johnson was not of the
rebels, and not very smart, and did not know as
well as I why they rebelled," and that, compro-
miMj and secui ity of then i iy,hts was what lebels
wanted ? Vci y well; let Johnson, the giant intel-
lect of the Soul h, pass into the congregation of the
fools, along with Jefferson and his associates, who
weie ignorant as to the ltghls and interests oi
designs of these rebels. I will now call as my
next witness a man who will come up to the stand-
ard which entitles him to speak as to what the
rebels would have done m compromise. Yancey,
the prince of the rebels, whoso keen blade the
gentleman from Illinois felt at Charleston, was,
pel Imps, as well posted as to the secrets of the
rebellion aseven the gentleman from Illinois. Let
tins House, this country, history, hear nnd wnto
down, with pen of iron and point of diamond,
everv woi d of this utterance of the master ef the
rebellion ; and let it never perish fi om 1 he rccoi ds
of human wickedness. Let the gentleman from
Illinois be careful to mai k each word. Its date
is maienal, and is December, lb(jl. lie says:
'• No pioflcteri conipiomisc ; nu amendment^ to the Con-
stimtnm, no piolYued additional <niai.oirrev, can dcl.u her
(the ^ouUi ?•) action lot nxK pcixk nc one moment 'J'here
is no detect m the iundnmcnial J.iw; tin'retoie it need* no
altei dtiun."
Did Yancey know as well as he of Illinois
whereof ho spoke? Did that man know? lie
was selected by the rebel South to be their mouth -
I piece at Charleston, and whose speech iheie was
' to annihilate "squatter sovereignty" and Do-
1 moeracy, nnd to complete the fust act in this in-
■ f< rnal dtama of rebellion and mm dor. Su , did he
> k now w In ! Inn they wanted " honorable compro-
! mifte ?" " No," nay the gentlemen in thif, House,
j who allege that wo caused this wnr by injection
j of compi omise. " Wo know better tiianYancey,
I the Beelzebub of this secession, what i rs seeirts
j were. This statement of Yancey was but the un-
1 official statement of an individual, and he did not
1 know whatthe lelx-ls want." Vei y w( II, sir. Let
1 Yancey, as an individual, also pass into the com-
; pany of simpletons, who aie not wise in the de-
I signs of the rebellion, and who do not emu n < bend
| the south*1! n heart; and I now o^ 11 a gionpof
I witnesses. I now call no unofficial tes'imony, or
] individual averment. 1 take the solemn official
1 announcement made by the three commissioners
il of the lebel government, sneakiusr through Lord
John Russell to Parliament, to Europe, and the-
world. This is not the twaddle of pot-house pol-
iticians, nor the inflamed rhapsodies of ranters 5 but
it is the authorized,calm,cautiously worded, and
official enunciations of the views, purposes, and
judgment of the rebellion, which it has chosen to
record about itself in imperishable history. Sir,
will the gentleman accept this utteraQce of the
commissioners Yancey, Rost, and Mann as evi-
dence of what concessions or compromises they
wanted ? These are their words, which bear date
the 14th August, 18G1:
'' It was l'tom no fear that the slaves would be liberated
that, secession took place. The vciy paity in power had
pioposcd to guaiaiity blavcry forever in the States, if the
South would but temani in the Union."
Will the gentleman, in the'tcethof this solemn,
official utterance by the diplomatic representatives
of this huge treason, in which they aver that they
did not leave the Union from any " fear" as to
their slaves, persist in dccianng that they lied,
and did have fears which themsches disclaimed,
and which compiomise would have assuaged?
Will be still persist in being wisei than the com-
bined wisdom of the i ebellion, as to the secret mo-
tives and suppressed fears of these rebels? If he
will still persist, and will say these arc but words
and not deeds, then I point him to deeds—-mostem-
phatic, delibetate, and convincing—which shall
show Mr. Latham's, Mr. Douglas's, and Mr.
Johnson's statement to be most true, that these
men wanted no compromise, had no " fears" as
to their rights, but were acting upon " a fixed plan
to break up ihc Government."
My countiymen, among these deeds look next
at the action of your own Government, done to
conciliate these lebels. After they, by withdraw-
ing from Congress, gave all the power to the loyal
States, you organized all your Territories into
thiee Governments, and in each you not only did
not exclude slavery, but you expressly enacted
that all propeity should be protected; so that, if
Died Scott dicta were law, you protected slavery
in every inch of American territory not theretofore
oigamzed. You, at the same time,by a two-thirds
vote in 1 a< h bianch of Congiess, passed amend-
ments to the Constitution whereby Congress was
expressly pi ohibiied fi om over disturbing slavery
in the .Stales. You passed unanimously a reso-
lution dedaung that Congress had no power or
inclination to touch shivery m the States. The
Executive, m the most solemn form, protested the
same purpose not to distuib their domestic insti-
tution.
May \ ask you, my fellow-citizens, who are
not quite insane w ith pai tisan madness, did not
Yancey, Rust, and Mann tell the truth when they
said they had no fears fot slavery, and that " the
pai ty in pow< r hod proposed to guaianty it for-
ever m the States ?" Did not Doiiglos tell the truth
when he decluiod " that the rights of the South
never stood firnn r undet the law than when they
rebelled," and that " then- was never a day since
Washington was inaugurated that they had not
as good a cause for rebellion n* when they did
rebel
But, sir, add to this the fact that Wigfali, Ben-
jamin, Hemphill, Shdell, and Johnson of Arkan-
sas, in their seats m the Senate, 011 the vote on
that compiomise on ihe 2l)th of January, 1861,
by refusing to vote, helped to defeat it; and then
add to that the fact that Mr. Lincoln's friends,
before the rebellion, were in the minority in both
branches of Congiess and in the Supieme Court,
and could not raise by law money to pay one sol-
dier, to buy one gun or one pound of powder;
could not make one bugadier geneial, one secre-
tary, one foreign mimstot , pass one law or one
resolution, nor do one legislative or judicial act
which did not meet the approbation of these reb-
els who left Congiess. And in vjewof all these,
of all these solemn declarations of the ablo*t and
most t hot oughly intelligent statesmen of the North
and South, loyal and icbel; in \te\v of all these
11 resistible facts of palpable and recent history,
v. hat is the name of that statement that we forced
these men into 1 ebellion by lefusal to s< cuie their
nghts by compromise, or that ihey would accent
at our hands compiomise, however dishonorable
to us, or fatal to all constitutional ant' popular
government? Sir, I know of no speech en phras^
of power enough to reach down to the depths of
