1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and continuously occupied, either by our own
troops or those of the enemy. We have now
occasionally a respite from the dreadful tramp
and horrors of war. We are tired and sick and
sore under this sort-of infliction, but while we are
suffering, I want it understood distinctly that the
patiioiic hearts of the people upon that border have
not faltered, and never will falter so long as there
is a star left upon the banner of our country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Bingham, Samurl S. Blair, Ouf-
finton, Frederick A. Conkling, Conway, Cutler, Davis,
E%eitoti, Cijoi, Tiioinas A. D. Fc?si*nd< n, Iluichms, Ju-
lian, K'iapp, Lov<;joy, Potter, llobin>on, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Stevens, Vurree, Walker, Washburne, Wilson, and
Wiiidum-25.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldneh, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Aueona, Baily, Baker, Baxter, Biddle, Blake, William
* G. Brown, Durnham, Calvert, Campbell, Casey, Chamber-
lain, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Crisfiold, Cnt-
tenden,Dawes, Delano, Diven,Dunn, EdwrutK Ely, Sam-
uel C. Fessendeii, Fisher, Frank, Gooch, Granger, Grider,
Hale, Hall, Harding, Harrison. Hooper, Norton,
Johnson, Francis W- Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Law. Lazear, Lehman, Loo'mis, Low, Mclmloe, McKean,
MeKnight,McPUerson, Mallory,Mayuard,Meiizies, Mitch-
ell, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Perry, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander II. Rice, lliddle,
Rdward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins Segar, Sheffield,
Shellabaiaer, Sherman, Spaulding, Stiles, Stratum, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas Fiancts Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Morn, Wad worth.Wallace, Ward,Webster, Wheeler,
Albei t S. White, WicklifTe, Woodruff, Worcester, Wright,
and Yearoan—93.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committer of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ments of the Senate; and they wore agreed to.
Mr. YEA.MAN nmvud to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, bills of the following titles, returned from
the Senate with amendments, were severally taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.:
A bill (H. R. No. 665) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending 30th June, 1864; and
A bill (H. R. No. 635) making appropriations
for the legislativejexecut i ve, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
186,i' DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that tl.e rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,)and resumed t he consideration ot the
amendments of the Senate to the deficiency bill,
on which all debate had been closed, by order of
the House, in five minutes.
The first reading of the amendments was dis-
pensed with, and the committee proceeded to con-
sider them seriatim.
First amendment of the Senate:
For >atary of marshal in the consular court at Canton,
from the 1st ot July, 1860, to the 33th of August, I860,
$16;> 7G.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment, with
the following amendment:
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation* for the con-
tinent fund of the War Department, as follows:
III the office of the Sorretarv of YV«u, $7,50u.
In the office of the Adjutant General, £4..>00
in the office of the Comim^aiv General, $5,000.
In the office of the Surgeon General. $5,000.
In the niTiee uf the (Jhiu of Ordnance, £2,500
Northwest Executive Imilumjr, £.5.000.
Knihhng at the comer of F and Seventeenth streets,
$•2,WO.
The amend mentoftbc Committee of Ways and
Means was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then concurred in.
The second amendment was to strike out the
following clause:
To enable the Commissioner of Patents to pay II. S. Davis
for carpenter's work in tbe west wing of the Patent Office
building, as per measurement of J. W. Downing, Job VV.
Angus, ami S. T. G. Morsell, $5,720 04.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The third amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For liquidation of agency debts contracted under kite
agents Head and Colley, Colorado Territory, and for the
pay of employes to the close of 1861, $7,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of'Vermont. Will the Chair
please state the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in regard to these amend-
ments?
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The fourth amendment was to strike out the
following clause:
To pay the claim of B. Baehmtm & Company for/roods
furnifhed to Peter Boyoe, Indian farm agent at Corn Creek,
Utah Territory, m the months of August, September, and
December, 1809. $710.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The fifth amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clausc:
To supply deficiency in the appropriation, under the treaty
of Fort Laranue, the amount expended in the puieha«e of
guns and ammunition tor the Upper Platte agency in 1861,
and seized by order of the Government as contraband,
$2,439 13.
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The sixth amendment was to add at the end of
the bill the following:
Contingent evpen«e.r of Senate :
For miscellaneous items, $15,943 98.
For cletk* O! committees, messengers, pages, horses, and
cariyaKr-, ®J3,7&6 50.
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendmen^was concurred in.
The seventh and eighth amendments were to
add to the bill the following items:
To supply the deficiency m the appropriation for paper
for the public pi lilting, §'283,000.
To supply the deficiency in me appropriation for tlie pub-
lic printing, $30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The'amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, then moved that
the commitiee rise.
The motion was agreed to,
So the committee rose; and Mr. Bingham hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Dawes reported the action of the committee to the
House.
The report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union was concurred in.
Mr. MOIIIULL, of Vermont, moved that n
committee of conference bo appointed on tbe dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the amend-
ments.
The motion was tigri:i • 1 to.
NAVAL APPRO' IHATION BTU.,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vet ramit. I move that the
rules be suspended, ami thut the House resolve
itsctfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of tbe Union, for the purpose of taking up the
naval approptlation bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope that motion will
not prevail. The naval appropriation bill has
been assigned as a special order for to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw the
motion.
CIIANOB OF A JUDICIAL CIRCUIT.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced u bill to make the State of Wisconsin n part
| of the ninth judicial ciicuit, which was read a first
i and second time.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.'"PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the lull was passed-, and also moved to'lay
the motion to reconsider upon tile table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. i have a Dili of a kin-
dred character, which I ask the House to pass.
It is a bill to amiind the actsrespecting the judicial
system of the United States. • '
The bill was read. - .
Mr. WILSON. X object to the passage of the
bill. , .
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask, then, to have the
bill referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection,, the bill was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO. 1 ask the House once more
to appoint a day for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia. 1 would sug-
gest Wednesday next, as a day for which there
is no special order, and ask that it may be assigned
for this business.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOV, (at
twenty-five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,)lne
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 5, lS(53.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting the annual report of the Pat-
ent Office for the year 1862.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the communication
lie on the table and be printed.
The communication was ordered to He on the
table; and the motion to print the report was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an additional appropria-
tion for the Indian service in the northern district
of California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be primed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Commis- -
sioner of Indian Affairs, representing the neces-
sity that exists for the survey and sale of certain
Indian reservations in California, and the estab-
lishment of other reservations in that State, and
recommending legislation on the subject; which
was inferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cbnir has
received and desires to presents memorial from
the Shipmasters* Association in New York, signed
also by various presidents of insurance companies,
asking the Government to have prepared and pub-
lished" for the use of seamen hydrogrnptnc books
and charts, to he sold at the cost of paper and
printing. With tbe consent of the Senate the
Chair will present the same, and have it referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Robert
Coles, of Lucas county, Iowa, praying compen-
sation for services tendered as register of the land
office at Chariton, Iowa, and for the employment
of additional clerical force in that office; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NESMITH presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, proy log that such action may be
had as will secure to the regular and volunteer
army available and permanent camp-hospital and
ambulance corps, for the proper care of sick and
wounded soldiers; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mi'. RICE presented the credentials of Hon.
i Alexander Ramsey, elected a Senator ol the
! United Sutes by tlie Legislature of Minnesota,
| for tbe term of six years from the 4th ot March
| next; winch were read, and ordered to be placed
! on the files of the Senate.
PAI'EUS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and pap"!'- of Mrs. Mary Ann
Ilenty. widow of the late Captain Henry, ot the United
States Navy, praying tor a pension, be. taken tiorn the files
of tlie Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
