1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37tii Cox"G....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Crittenden.
Ho. of Reps.
You propose'by this bill to raise a force of one
hundred and fifty, thousand slaves as soldiers.
You include, to be sure, and permit to be enlisted,
free men of color. How, in a general view of the
subject, can you approve of it? What is your
reason for it ? Have you any deficiency of num-
bers in your Array? Have your own constitu-
ents shrunk from this contest? You say it is a
contest for freedom, a contegt for liber;y; and shall
we, sir, stigmatize our constituents, our brothers,
the white free-born men of this land, as being so
degenerate as to shrink from this contest, and
compel you to appeal to your own black men to
defend the liberties of the white man?
What a perversion of all feeling to make such
an appeal 1 There is no want of patriotism; no
want of courage upon the part of the free white
men in this country. Have they shown any such
want? In a war that has not lasted more than
eighteen months, you have now in the field, or
marching for the field, or in preparation for the
field, one million of white men, who, with a few
exceptions, have voluntarily become soldiers.
Where has the world exhibited such an example
of universal patriotism and universal devotion to
country? Yet in the face of all this gentlemen
here propose to uiise one hundred and fifty thou-
sand Americans of African descent. You stig-
matize ilium, while you invite them into the field.
The bill is an indelible stigma upon their char-
acter. You employ them as soldiers to fight your
battle, but give them only oik1 half pay, and cx-
• elude them from command to a gteat extent. You
put a stigma upon them, while you cull them into
the field, and while you say they are worthy to
be the defenders of the liberties of this country.
Your own soldieis are stigmatized by your own
hands. Is this right; or is it anything else, in
view of ail this, but <\ portion of that abolition
policy which would take every slave from the
master ? That must be the object. They are not
necrsj>aiy for the putting down of this rebellion.
They aie not woi thy of being callcd to the aid of
those who aspire to be considered free-born men.
Tins distinction which the white racc makes in
its own favor against the negro may be an unjust
one. It is not necessary for me to enter into that
question, or to define exactly the degree of supe-
nority on the one side or of inferiority on the part
of the oilier race. It is not necessary to do so.
We know that it exists; it exists North, it exists
South, and it exists everywhere. It has existed
for more than two hundred yeais even in this
country; and from time immemorial, in other re-
gions of the world, this has been the race which,
by 1 he decree of Pi o vide nee, has been held as slaves
in a degiadmg and dishonored condition. The
feelings of our people m lefeience to itare founded
upon m Mi nets that have come down from one gen-
eration to another. There is not one of you here
who would admit a black man to social equality
or to any species of equality. If there is, who is
he? Wiio is he that is ready to accept the black
man as his equal socially, and icady to accept
him as his brother and equal under our American
system and m the A met ican Government? I know
of none. I know that the vast majority of my
friends and acquaintances on the opposite side of
the Chamber do not so regard him. Yet what are
you striving to do? You propose to enlist the ne-
gro for five years. We are engaged in a mighty
war now, a war caused by revolution and pregnant
with revolution. What will be the lesuit if we
do not conquer a peace shortly ? Before long the
term of sei wee of your white troops will have ex-
pired. Is the nation to be left to a black army,
with the President at its head clothed with almost
illimitable war powers? You will then have a
standing army of negroes alone. Is that what you
want? Would any one dare to propose such a
policy as that to the American people—to leave the
defense of the country and the lives and liberties
of its people in the guardianship of any President
with one hundred and fifty thousand myrmidons
like these, without a knowledge of the simplest
ptmciplee upon which our Government depends,
and without any possibility of their being able to
appreciate that liberty for which you are willing
to fight and to send your sons to fight? The
janizaries aie safer depositaries of the liberties of
'the Ottoman than would be thisarmyof slaves to
protect our liberties.
All nations which have held slaves have been
found to reject their services for military pur-
poses in time of war. My learned friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] who, the other day,
was comparing these rebels to Catiline, is well
enough acquainted with his history, and can bear
testimony that he, that bold conspirator, had Ro-
man pride enough left in the midst of his vices to
reject the assistance, even in his extremest hour
of peril, of slaves and gladiators, although they
were white slaves, men who had been born free,
men who had been made captives in war, and re-
duced by the inhuman policy of that age to the
condition of slavery; they had been tainted and
marked with that degradation, and that was
enough; even Catiline would not be their leader,
and preferred to face the perils of the battle alone.
And what a spectacle is here presented! Tlie
representatives of a nation which has ever boasted
of its readiness to shed the last drop of its blood
in defense of the liberties of its people, are calling
upon slaves to defend it and to defend them ! Sir,
it is a mockery—a mockery of the American peo-
ple. It is a policy unlike that of any other nationv
It is an insult to your Army. It is a crime against
the civilization of the age. It is a crime against
the Constitution. It is an act of hostility against
the Union. These are the sentiments with which
I am compelled to regard this measure.
I say it is a crime against the Constitution. You
send out your recruiting officer, and you author-
ize him to go iifh> the State of Maryland, for in-
stance, and to any gentleman's hou&e and seduce
away his slave and persuade him to enlist by the
promise of his freedom, or, perhaps, the promise
of a captaincy, and that slave the property of the
master! Mr. Lincoln says the owner has prop-
erty in his slave; that, fic says, is plain, and can-
not be contested. And yetyour recruiting officer
is authorized to enlist the slave; to take from the
lawful ownership of a loyal man his slave and put
him in the Army. Did injustice ever go further
than this?
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky a question. Do not
the Government of the United States take minors
and apprentices, whose services by law belong to
the fatneror master, and put them into the Army
of the United States; and is there anything wrong
in taking these services, and do we propose to
pay for them ? If not, where is the wrong of de-
priving even a loyal slaveholder of the services
of his slave if necessary for the defense of the
country?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sir, I wonder that the
gentleman is not able to answer his own ques-
tions. I wonder that he is not. In the first place,
the man eighteen years old is a native of the Re-
public. The gentleman's slave, if he had one,
would belong to him, but he and his son, white
and free born, are children and servants of the Re-
public. He is born to the service of his country,
if he is of good blood, and every drop of blood in
him is bastard that does not serve that country
whenever he is callcd upon to do so. Is the gen-
tleman answered ? Ifnot, I will give him another
answer. The son eighteen years old is not the
property of anybody.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Neither is the slave, except
by law. The minor son owes service or labor by
law, and in that respect the father has a property
interest m that labor, or the master in the labor
of his apprentice.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I say the free-born white
boy, eighteen years old, is not the pioperty of
anybody. There is theficedom I boast of. There
is the freedom I am willing to fight for. There is
the freedom I maintain—the freedom of my own
race. He is nobody's property. The slave, by
law, is property; or, if you want to disputeabout
definitions and to enter into controversy about
words, and do not like the word " property," as
applied to the slave, I will say that the master has
a right to the services of the slave, and that is a
property, just as he has a right to the sei vices of
any other propet ty, and that is all he can have in
any property.
Mr. HIJTCHINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question?
Mr. CALVERT. J object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh,no; let him put his
question. What is it?
Mr. HUTCHINS. The question I desire to
ask is, if the law does not give the father the right
to the service of his minor son, or the master to
the service of his apprentice, and if to that extent
it is not just as much property as the ri^-ht which
the law gives to the master to the service of his
slave ? *
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sir, if the gentleman
can mislead himself by any such ideas as those
that his question suggests, I cannot help him. I
tell him now that the free-born boy owes no obli-
gation of slavery to any one. His father is his
guardian; the owner of the slave is his master,
fo those who cannot understand that distinction
I can make no explanation that will enable them
to understand it.
Mr. Speaker, your law is impracticable. My
friends, just think of what you are doing! One
hundred and fifty thousand negroes are to be en-
listed. I say your army will consider it an insult
and a degradation.
I remember that the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, last session of Congress, was
in favor of this same measure. The topics of our
conversation then were the battles near Richmond,
and there was much sympathy over the great
slaughter there. It was then that he introduced
this idea of a negro army; they would have saved
so many of our dear sons, it seems to me that
the gentleman's idea, fairly translated,amounted
to this: that he wanted a negro to march before
every white man in the field of battle. What a
shame it is, that proud republicans, who talk so
much about theirlibertics, should lequire to have
poor negroes held before them in battle as a sort
of shield ! Do you want this negro army for such
a purpose? Sooner advise your sons and brothers
to desert. That may escape the attention of his-
tory. But if you want to make the cowardice of
our Army memorable and historical, bring out
your one hundred and fifty thousand black men,
put them in the front of the battle, and shelter your
white soldiers behind them.
Whenever the American sinks so low; when-
over that pusillanimous policy is adopted by him,
the liberties of such men are not worth much.
The pride and heroism of the American name will
have all gone. Let not the man who wants such
a defense as that go forth to battle. Let him stay '
at home. That is not the way to tram up a great
people. Sparta had her slaves. So had Athens.
Did they ever send these slaves into the battle?
They were small republics, and were often greatly-
harassed by war, but they never used their slaves
as soldiers. Shall we alone voluntarily degrade
ourselves below the condition of other nations?
Have not our citizens the courage and strength
to- defend the country? Have they not the pub-
lic virtue that is absolutely necessary for the de-
fense of their national existence and their public
liberties? When we abandon that defense to slaves
we ought to give up our country.
Your bill provides for paying these negro sol-
diers six dollars a- month—and half of that sum
is to be kept fiom them—while you give thirteen
dollars a month to the white soldiers. Why is
this? Do you not claim that they are as good
citizens? You tell us that captain so-and-so, or
commander so-and-so, says he has had a negro in
his ship on the South American coast, and that
he was a braver man than any of the crew. And
that is enough to justify the policy of raising a
hundred and fifty thousand negioes as a stand-
ing army—robbing our people of them, and tak-
ing them away without the consent of their mas-
ters. Where do you derive that power from?
You promise some payment, to be sure; but when
will you make it? However, your promising
payment does not alleviate the violation of the
Constitution, the violation of the right of prop-
erty. The consent of the owner is not regaidcd
as necessary for the enlistment of his slave. The
lecruiting officer goes and enlists the slave, and
takes him, whether the owner will or not. Can
you justify such a thing? Can it be expected
that Maryland shall approve of it? Are iheie
not thousands and hundreds of thousands ofjust
men to be found—even among that Democracy
which is so much abused heie—who will cry out
against robbing their fellow-citizens without law
and without justice ?
Sir, you cannot execute such a law, and you
