•74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
37th Cong.... 3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Crittenden.
Ho. of Reps.
know it. If you want to make war directly in |
Kentucky,! assure you, much as I deprecateand
deplore it, that this will produce it. i am now bring-
ing before you the best evidence, in order that you
may judge coolly and calmly of the policy and
propriety of this measure^ U is not in the power
of the Government, State or Federal, to prevent
actual hostilities on the very day this sort of re-
cruiting shall be entered on. Your recruiting offi-
cers wiil be driven pell-mell out of the State, or
they will be hung, just as the temper of the people
may happen to be. Thatwil! be the result of any
attempt to enhstslavcs. I hope I shall not be un-
derstood as indulging in anythreats. I am rather
too much of a man, I hope, to make use of any
threat or boast; I have more respect for myself
and for this House than to do so. I simply bear
"my testimony and tell you that this is a fact, and
that the passage of this measure, instead of assist-
ing to restore the Union, will enlarge and embitter
the war. I do not believe that you can, by any
measure, diivc Kentucky to go out of the Union,
and to make alliance with the secessionists and
rebels of the South; but the people of Kentucky
will resist oppression, come from where it will,
They are for the Constitution and arc against the
rebels, becausc the rebels are the enemies of the
Constitution; and they will be against you, too,
wheneveryou resort to unconstitutional measures.
We are fighting so that when peace comes our Con-
stitution and liberties will be restored.to us with it.
But for that hope there would be no heart for the
fight. But if, while we arc carrying on a war
against the rebellion the Constitution of our coun-
try is to be destroyed piece by piece behind us,
and wc aie to have nothing but the luins of it left,
why should we not be hostile to those who have
done this woik of destnn tion?
Now, lot us reason about this thing carefully
and quietly. We want to restore the Union as it
was, the Constitution as it is. Who is opposed
to that? Who will say in this [louse and in the
face of the American people, that he is against
that, and then talk about rebels? lie who docs
ho is a revolutionist, if not a icbel. We are now
in the midst of a revolution and of a rebellion—
u revolution here, and a rebellion in the South.
The Constitution seems to have lost its vntue,
and wo are accompanying this war with every
soi tofaggravated measure that can make it worse
or engage us in it more and more deeply. By
your confiscation law you have blocked up (he
road to peace. The old military maxim used to
be, " make a bridge of gold for a retreating ene-
my.Rut you are blocking up the road with
confiscation acts, and preventing any chance of
relreat. And you justify all these measures by
appealing to some unknown, occult, mysterious
war power, which is raised up Iike a feat ful ghoM
in these bad tunes. A i^reat pressmc is brought
to bear upon the President which finally results
in the proclamation of emancipation. You have
gone on in this way of abolition step by step.
You first began to work in a small degree, by pass-
ing a law freeing negroes actually employed in the
military service of the rebels. That was the be-
ginning. N< xt session you enlarged that scheme,
and passed a law confiscating all the negroes he-
longing to rebels, their aiders, or abettors. You
not only imputed the ct ime of reb  limn, but you
authorised your A rmy to execute the law. With-
out anyjuJici.il tiial, you convicted the party of
the ci ime for wh ich you divested him of his prop-
erty. ami undei took, by a soj tof attainder, to con-
vict by legislative rdiet the offender, and take from
him his nioprrty by the same authority, thus
making Congiess the legislative, judicial, and
executive power.
But this war, not enough. In vain did one gen-
tleman and anothei n:>c here and propose that a
lesolution should be adopted liberating all the
slaves in tin; Inured States. These resolutions
were hud quietly on the table Gentlemen could
go no fuither than this confiscation bill. Then
the Piesident was appealed to. And how was it
accomplished ? In the name of the Constitution
and of the country—how came the Piesident by
a greater power than Congress had ?
The Constitution has icserved it iih one of the
privileges of the Slates to legulate their own insti-
tutions a^ the) please, and the State;, m which the
holding of slavey i& permitted have done no more
than to exercise that privilege. I am speaking of
this institution now not as an original question,
but as an established thing, guarantied by the
Constitution. But even were the settlement of
this matter again to take place; if you were form-
ing the Constitution to-day, would you not leave
every State free to form and regulate its own so-
cial and domestic institutions in its own way?
No one, I presume, would question that right.
Well, sir, if that be so, and the holding of slaves
is guarantied by the laws of a State, by what right
do you presume to come within the limits of a
loyal State in which that institution exists, and
take the property thus protected and guarantied
for your own use or for your own purposes in this
war? The owner of slaves claims to hold them
as property under the laws of his State. The State
claims, under the Constitution, to confer upon him
property in slaves, and has continued to cxercise
that right for a period of two hundred years.
But now new light has sprung up. You can
see nothing sacred in the rights which have been
guarantied in the most solemn form since the
foundation of the Government. Under some new
theory of yours, you hesitate not to break up so-
cial relations which have formed an essential part
of our society for two or three hundred years.
There arc connected with this institution social
relations and ties of affection which you cannot
undo, but which you repudiate. Your President
has sent forth a proclamation ig which he stops
not with making free the slaves of rebels, but
which makes free the slaves of eveiybody within
the territorial limits marked out. And this is a
means by which it is sought to cairy on a war for
the icstoration of the Union !
Fiom whence does the Piesident. derive his
power to enforce such a decree;? I suppose he
assumes it by virtue of his military power, for he
issues the proclamation in the name of the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the armies of the United States,
ile cannot seek it from any other source. The
Constitution has certainly nowhere, by the re-
motest inference, given to the Piesident the power
of interfering with this institution to the slightest
extent in any State where it exists. 1 beg you to
consider the magnitude of the power which the
Piesident in his proclamation assumes to cxer-
cise. lie assumes the prerogative of not only
uprooting one of the very foundations of our so-
cial system, but to designate by his own fiat the
exact region of country in which this emancipa-
tion policy shall be executed. Sir, this edict js
aibitrary and unconstitutional, it can have no
le^ul effect. It is null and void.
But, sir, in these times the minds of men are
filled with the most fanciful and imaginary revolu-
tions. Here is a philanthiopic gentleman who
wishes to improve the condition of the German
population, by taking five thousand of them to
Floiida and setting them to work. Is lhata wai
measure ? What is it p> oposed to do with them ?
ilow are they to succeed ? They are to have an
ai my to gnui d them, and for the purpose ofgu ing
them a country to cultivate, you are to drive from
their homes the inhabitants of that eounti y; you
are to drive them fiom the birth places of their
children, and from the tombs oftheir fatheis. To
give these men an oppoitunity of carrying out
their scheme you propose to take from us the
homes and the heritage which the Almighty has
£iven us. In addition to your confiscation meas-
ures and your emancipation measures, we are
now to be driven from our homes fur the purpose
of planting a new population to occupy our coun-
try. Are these the means by which we arc to
carry on a civil war? Aie these the means which
are to restore the Union and biing peace and
hai mony a^am to a distracted country ? Sii, let
me tell you that the^c measui es will piove literally
the sowing of dragons' teeth that will spring up
armed men. That will be their efleet; and some
of them, I thmk, wore designed for that purpose
by abolitionists who do not expect, in case of a
reunion of the States, that they will be able to rule
the whole country, and they would rather rule in
one half than to see otheis have the control of a
united country.
For myself, I am still for the Union of these
States, i am for the old Constitution. 1 am foi
prosecuting this war like a brave, heroic nation,
by the hands of freemen; by the hands of men
who, when they have fought for their counuy, I
can take their hands in mine, and grasp them with
the proud consciousness that the Union has been
restored by the bravery of my white countrymen.
Sir, this plan of bringing black men into your
military service will prove an act of cruelty to
the slaves, but of profit to no one. Can they sym-
pathize with us in the motives that actuate us in
carryingon this war? -That Constitution for which
we are lighting makes them slaves; and yet you
now call'upon them to assist you in restoring its
supremacy. What claim have you upon their
services in any such cause? What do you bring
them to the field for? Do you believe in your
hearts you con evermakesoldiers of them? There
may have been brave seamen in the Pacific ocean
of the Afiican race, and there may have been a
brave company of black men which General Jack-
son saw fit to compliment after the battle of New
, Orleans; but do you expect your army of one
j hundred and fifty thousand blacks will prove to
' be of that class? Let me tell you that if you do
you will be disappointed. You will gain no
strength to your Army by such means. For
every black soldier you may muster into the ser-
vice, you will disarm more brave soldiers .who will
think you have degraded them by this sort of
1 military association. You cannot carry into the
field, I repeat, an army made up of the African
race. The slave is not a soldier, and he cannot
be a soldier. It is not in the nature of" things.
1 protest, then, against the President, Mr. Lin-
coln,undertaking to garrison our important posts
with negro soldiers, ^hey arc not safe, and never
will be safe. I care* not though the forts are in
New York or Massachusetts; they are as much
mine as they are yours. They belong to the Uni-
ted States, and I protestagainst their being placed
in the hands of such defenders.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman will un-
derstand that, so far as I am concerned, I would
willingly hear and answei his question. But, sir,
I was piocceding to say that 1 do notcarc so much
about the employment of these men in respect to
their inefficiency as soldiers, as I do in respect to
the character their employment will give to the
war itself. In what will it result? In a seivile
war. You put one white man to command a thou-
sand negroes at the South, and will he restiain
them? Will it not result in servile war? It will
be a servile war fed by white men. You may get
a white man who will endeavor to restrain them,
who will endeavor to enfoie.c discipline among
them, but could he do it? You promise to all these
negroes set free by the President's emancipation
proclamation the enjoyment of actual iieedom,
and you will find that, though you may attempt
to restrain them, whenever you attempt to put
the experiment into operation, you give license
to turn this civil war into a servile war. Th.it will
be the result, and is that what you are going to do?
Now, Mi. Speaker, I am as anxious to see this
rebellion put down as any one. I hope to see it
put down. But I do not fight the South because
1 hate the South. I deplore the civil war a> much
as anybody, but it must go on until the Union and
the Constitution are restoied. 1 do not fight the
South because I hate the South, but because 1 love
my whole country—with all their faults I love
them still. They have been my fellow-citizens
and my political brethren. I tiust that they are
to be so again. { fight them not because 1 hate
them, but because they are attacking the Consti-
tution and endea voi ing to annihilate the hbuties
of the country which that Constitution piotects.
What does the gentleman from Ohio fight for?
Have we no more foundation for fidelity to the
Constitution than a meic transitory passion of
hate' My fidelity is permanent and fixed 1 am
| fighting for my Constitution. I am fighting for
! the restoration of the Union. That is what I am
| fighting for. Ourpatuotism prompts us to that.
1 wish I could overcome them without shedding
an ounce of their blood. I will say, as Bnur.s said
ofCcesar,54 I wish I could come by Caesar's spirit
without shedding one drop of Caesar's blood."
Mr. Speaker, I am utteilv m opposition to the
language used on the other side of the House, that
there can be no reconciliation; that we must sub-
