1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T6
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Wright.
Ho. 03? Rbps.
jugate or exterminate the rebels; that we must
employ all of the energies of the Government to
drive them from the country. We are told that
the rebel States are to be colonized and a new and
loyal race is to be raised up. Robbers are to go
in in a time of national adversity and take advant-
age of an abolition policy. They are to occupy
the land and drive the people there out of the
country. Is that a fair beginning for an honest
and loyal race? What can be hoped for the virtue
of a people like that ?
No, sir; I want the war to close. I want it to
' be fought out in the way I have described. We
are strong enough to overcome the enemy. We
are two to their one. We can do it, and let us do
it. If the liberty we are fighting for is not worth
the blood we are shedding for it, let us give it up.
Do not let us say that we cannot do it without the
aid of these poor miserable slaves. It would be
disgrace enough, without having to do that. Do
not let us employ slaves in the military service of
the country. Do not let us get them to do what
we are abundantly able to do ourselves.
I know that one object gentlemen have in view
is to abolish slavery. You want to abolish sla-
very, whether you call it the means of the end or
the end of the means. They have verified it in
this matter. It seems likely to be the end of the
means. They are not willing to have it done by
any other means. It is undertaking on the part
of the North to domineeroverthe South. What
right has the North to do it ? The South has equal
rights with the North. It is a domination more
intolerable than any you kiave complained of.
Is this a claim on the part of the North, or of
a band of abolition politicians? It is not a claim
of the northern people. They do not propose
to put it beyond all human power to restore the
old relations between the two sections of the
country. No, sir, it is the party in power which
is attempting to use every remnant of the few
days before the next Congress to secuio the eon-
summation of their wishes. They have been de-
feated before the country. Is the voice of the
people at the last elections to go unheeded ? Gen-
tlemen on the other side—and (here are many hon-
est men among them—say they want the wishes
of the people to be regarded. Well, they have
spoken against this thing. I do not speak of any
party designation, nor refer to the distinctive
Democrats. I was once called a Union Democrat;
and I was and am willing to be called so, if that
party favored the Constitution and the Union as
they were. I am for carrying on the war pro-
vided that tins abolition policy be withdrawn.
I am sworn to support the Constitution; and,
what is a thousand times more satisfactory, my
heart has always prompted me to support it. But
I am not sworn to support the abolition party. I
have never sworn to that, and I will never do
honor to its policy.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OF HON. II. B. WRIGHT,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In tiie House of Representatives,
January 30, 1863.
The House having under consideration the bill to raise
additional soldier foi the service of the Government—
Mr. WRIGHT said:
Mr. Speaker: It is not my purpose to detain
the House for any great length of time. I propose
addressing a few lemarks to the Republican side
of this Chamber, and I shall be very thankful if
they will give me their attention. The Amcncan
Union, sir, was theresuitof compromise. In con-
cession and compromise it had its birth. In con-
cession and compiomise it had its rise and its
progress, so far as it has gone. The pioclama-
tion that went forth to the Colonics from Inde-
pendence Hall, in the city of Philadelphia, was
the result of concession and compromise; and from
that pet iod it has been the ruling poiiey of the na-
tional Legislature down to 1850, when the Union
was saved by compromise by the greatand ruling
spirits of the land. All of us are familiar with the
history of that period, and with the alarm that
pervaded the whole country. It was but one of
the premonitory symptoms of these teirible days
in which we now find ourselves. How were those
questions met which, in 1850, not only agitated
the country, but-shook it to us very center? They
were met by the great ruling and controlling spir-
its of the age in a spirit of concession and com-
promise.
Those were the days when Calhoun and Clay
and Webster, each making mutual concession,
met together and shook hands; and they differed
not more in their politics than do gentlemen upon
the two sides of this Chamber at this time, cut
compromise was the watchword*; compromise was
the seal that was then set upon the legislative de-
crees, and the Union was saved. Are we less wise
than they were? Have we less difficulties to en-
counter at this time than they had ? I say to the
House, and I say to the country, that if there ever
was a time in the history of this Government
when there should be this feeling of conccssion
and compromise exhibited upon the part of the
national Legislature, it is now. Gentlemen ought
to make up their minds to divest themselves, I
will not say of their prejudices, but of some of
their ultra opinions; and 1 would say to gentlemen
upon the other gfide of this Chamber, that if there
be any advance upon their part, it shall be met by
the conscivative members on this side; because
we live in perilous times, and such is the existing
state of national affairs that we do not know that
we may awake to-morrow morning and find our
Government in existence. [Cries of "Oh, yes!"
and "No doubt of that."] Well, I hope we will.
I hope so from the bottom of my heart. But if
this kind of policy prevails of pushing measures
against the conceived opinions—I will not say of
a respectable minority—but probably of a major-
ity of the people of the country, you cannot count
upon the existence of the Government much
longer.
•In such times men must necessarily make sac-
rifices of their own opinions. Let them imitate
the noble example of Webster when he stood face
to face with the fanatics of New England. He
yielded to the necessities of the hour. He saved
the Union. When that great man returned to Bos-
ton after voting for the compromise measures of
1850, he found the doots of Fanouil llall closed
against him,"and Vie was not allowed to speak
there. The cxcited and angry mob was in the
ascendant; and yet that great and renowned pa-
triot, making his carnage his rostrum in front of
the Reveie House, made the great speech of his
life. And what did he say to the excited popu-
lace around him ?
" Men of New England, you have conquered three thou-
sand miles ot tutbuient ocean incoming to these t.hoie?>;
von have driven back the ravages who .stood m the way of
your pioirres-; you have made the barren roekb of New
England a garden : and now let me appeal to you to con-
quer your prejudices."
That was the language of that eloquent man
upon an occasion when the city authorities of
Boston refused to open to him the doors of the old
" cradle of liberty" which had so frequently echoed
and reechoed the eloquence of this wonderful man.
If I have any prejudices in regard to this ques-
tion as a conservative man—and you do know that
I am a conservative man—if by yielding them 1
can do anything for the general good, and for the
safety and maintenance of the flag of the Union,
I am ready to do it now. No imnow or sectional
views stand between me and the Union. There
is no feeling or prejudice which I havtj any per-
sonal anxiety to sustain. The preservation of the
Union is, with me, the only object before me. All
other matters are subordinate to this. To this
alone 1 give all my strength and power and in-
fluence. I have no ambition that is inconsistent
with my country's honor. The safety and glory
of the Union, and that alone, is the anchor of all
my hopes, and my only star tn the political firm-
ament.
And while I do not desire to place my loyalty
and love of country above other men; while I
freely acknowledge that the same frailties and pre-
judices which beset other men are alike to be
classed with my misfortunes, (for by that name
we must call them,) may I be indulged m an ap-
peal to the other side of the Chamber to show a dis-
position to meet together and legislate, if we can,
on some just and mutual basis to save the coun-
try. The Army of the United Suites, the laigest
<umy that nation ever mustered into the field in
modern times, has not accomplished its mission,
and there are no evidences leading to the belief
that it will, unless there is harmony here. Two
years have elapsed since that Army was sum-
moned to the field. The cry has been, "on to the
rebel capital!" and yet up to this hour the rebel
capital stands in threatening, rebellious defiance.
Why is this? Sir, it is because the Army of the
Union has failed to accomplish its purpose.
Failed why ? Because its prowess and valor have
been dissipated by changing the objects and pol-
icy of the war. But is there no accessible line
between the two parties in this Chamber on which
we can unite ana present an undivided front ? If
we could but effect this, the rebellion would not
last three months. Union here would make union
in the Army. Gentlemen of the House know that
there is truth in the expression, that if we can but
send forth from the Congress of the United Slates
to the country and the Army a united and undi-
vided sentiment, rebellion could not resist, it.
Division here creates division and demoralization
in the camp.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not stand here to crim-
inate or recriminate. I do not stand here to make
charges. Perhaps if I did, it would be in bad
taste, for I may be as culpable as any man on this
floor. But I stand here to-day before you, and in
the face of the American people, to ask compro-
mise and concession. I ask the House not to
carry out ultra measures either on the Democratic
or Republican side of the Chamber. 1 ask mem-
bers to come up to a line on which we can both
unite and agree. It would be a proclamation to
the country which would be more powerful than
the bayonets of all the men now massed in the
field. It would result in the overthrow ofthe rebels,
and the restoration of the Union. I am, as I have
told you here, no advocate of dishonorable peace
measures. I am forsubduing the rebellion, i am,
as I have told you again and again, opposed to
what has been called ultra abolition measuies,
not through any feeling of hostility to men, not
through any question that may arise with regard
to party. At my time oflife 1 can well afford to re-
lax the ties of party when the life of the empire is
involved, if by such concession I can but save the
Union. But this concession will not cure the evil,
and therefore it need not be made. I am opposed to
abolition measures because in their triumph I do
fear that the pillars which support this republican
fabric, will be toppled from their base, and the
whole edifice tumbled into ruins.
It is proposed in this measure of legislation un-
der consideration that we shall enroll one hundred
and fifty thousand negroes to fight our battles.
This is a Government, as I have always supposed,
of white men; and if our Government is to be pre-
served and its liberties handed down to our chil-
dren, our battles must be fought by white men.
I will conccdc, without hesitation, that if an army
of one hundred and fifty thousand negroes can but
accomplish the object which you have at hcait, *
and save the Union, 1 should be the last man to
interpose an objection. But I do not conceive
that this will effect the great purpose you have in
view. I know, as gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber know, that in regard to the negro
there is a deadly hostility of opinion between the
two parties in this House and in the country, and
that the moment that question is introduced, h<;ie
or elsewhere, it is always the prolific subject of
hitter and vindictive debate. 1 am willing to con-
cede, for argument, all that has been said on the
other side of the House with regard to the valor
of the negro. I am willing to take therecotd
which you have furnished with regard to the
prowess he has exhibited in arms in past limes.
1 am willing to take it ail for granted. But as-
suming it all, would you incur the risk of demor-
alizing the army which you already have in the
field ? Would you incur the risk of dm ing eight
hundred thousand white men out ofthe field lor
the purpose of introducing one hundred and fifty
thousand negroes into it? I know the hostility
on the part of the northern soldier against fighting
side by side with the negro, i cannot do away
with that hostility of feeling. It is not in my
power. Neither is it in yours. You know that
there is this imbittured feeling between theraces;
and you know, or at least you ought to know,
that if you bring this large number of black men
