1863.
THE C0NGR1SSI0WA^L GU
Mr. President, as lam now up and do not wish
to take time, 1 have a word 10 say on another part
of this bill. The third section provides that the
President may call the militia into service for any
time he shall order, not exceeding two years. At
the proper time I shall move to make that one
year. One year's service is much more than was
ever required of detachcd militia before. It never
was but six months until this war. The last, mi-
litia we called out, by a statute of the last session,
was for nine months. The first time it was ever
extended beyond six months was last summer,
when it was extended to nine months. During the
Revolution, during the last war with Great Britain,
at all previous .times the service required was
never more than six months. The act oflast sum-
mer making it nine months, I apprehend, was sub-
mitted to mainly from the consideration that in
the South campaigning might be done for nine
months of the year; but ordinarily six months is
just as good as a year, and men mny as well be
at home as in the Army, in our northern country,
during; six months of the year, for the purpose
of campaigning. But when you come to draft-
ing in a community such as that in which 1 live,
you draft from our farmers. They are the great
body of our people. Indeed, notwithstanding all
the extraordinary notions winch gentlemen here
seem to entertam about New England employ-
ments, I believe that three fourths, if not seven
eighths, of our people all through New England
are agriculturists to-day, though it is true many
are employed in manufactures, if you take a man
from his farm will the public service endure that
his farm shall lie idle for two years? Ho cannot
carry it on while he is away in active service in
the Army. He probably cannot afford, in most
cases, to hire anybody to attend to it for him dur-
ing his absence. 1 speak ofour ordinary hundred
acre farms. Would it not be an unjust, hard,
and unnecessary thing to say that you should
draft one man out of a neighborhood, and let his
farm lie idle two years, without another man
near him having the opportunity to go for one of
those years and let him stay at home? The thins;
is unnecessary, uncalled for, and to my mind is
severely unjust. Draft your men for a year, if
you want them; I think nine months is just as
good; put it in force for a year if you desire; but
to say that a man shall stay two years, while his
neighbors are at home, is more than i think it js
necessary to do.
Mr. BA.YARD. Mr. President, 1 shall not
pretend to reply to the authorities cited by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, without ex-
amining them. When this debate commenced,
i expressed my regret that I had nothad any idea
that the bill would be brought up at so eaily a
day after it was reported from the committee; for
I had intended to examine into the past legislation
of Congress, as well as the past debates on this
question, when the subject of the organization of
the militia was before Congress at a subsequent
period to that to which the honorable Senator has
alluded, and was the subject of extended discus-
sion. I wished to refer to thatbeforPM made up
a deliberate opinion on this bill. Yesteiday 1
expressed the view which I took myself from*
looking at the clauses of the Constitution, and 1
confess that so far as my reason can apply, 1 am
utterly unable to see that I have given a wrong
construction to those clauses.
i stated yesterday that I believed the regular
Army of the United States was the Federal force;
that the militia was the State force, liable to be
called into the service of the General Govern-
ment; and when it is called into the service to be
under the command of the President of the United
States, for that is the express provision of the
Constitution. The militia m its original state is
not under the command of the President, but
when a portion of it is called into actual service,
that portion is placed under the command of the
Presidentas Commander-in-Chief ofthe forces of
the United State*. That is the provision of the
Constitution. The militia is a State force, for
the protection of the States, as well as for the pro-
tection of the General Government.
Now, sir, allow me to say a word in reply to
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who
spoke yesterday in refeience to political heresies.
There may be more kinds of political heresies
than one. i do not hold to the doctrine of the
right of the States to secede. I never have. I
never have advocated it; I never have believed
in it; but it is equally true that I do believe there
is such a thing as State rights, and I believe that
the General Government is a government of spe-
cially delegated and limited powers. I admit its
supremacy within the extent of its delegated pow-
ers; but I also believe in the existence of the State
governments, and that any attempt by the Gen-
eral Government to encroach on the powers which
are reserved to the States and not delegated to it,
is as much a subversion of the Government as any
attempt of the State governments to deny sub-
mission to the constitutional enactments of the
General Government. I endeavor to hold the just
medium on thatquestion. 1 admit the supremacy
of the laws of the United States, in the language
of the Constitution, made in pursuance of that
Constitution, and that gives them their authority.
I deny the validity of a law of the United States
not made in pursuance o| the Constitution. I
endeavor to give to it the best construction that I
can. I look upon the clause m reference to the
militia as not authorizing Congress to attempt to
govern them until they are in actual service. The
language is, that you may govern such portion
of them as are called into the service of the Uni-
ted States, but you cannot undertake to govern
the whole. In the second section of this bill which
has been adopted by the Senate, you delegate gen-
eral powers to the Executive—I do not care about
the word (t proper"—to make rules and regula-
tions for enrolling and drafting the mihtta of the
United States, which you ought to provide for
yourselves, "and otherwise putting this act into
execution." That is a general power, indefinite
as it can be, a delegation of the authority of Con-
gress to make rules and regulations "and other-
wise to put this act into execution," leaving him
absolute discretion.
You follow that by a subsequent section, de-
claring, in the face of the construction I give to
that clause of the Constitution which allows you
to provide for the organization and for the arm-
ing and for the disciplining of the militia, that a
man shall be deemed to be >n the actual service of
the United States before he is, and subject to the
rules and articles of war before he is mustered
into thescrvice. Sir, I do not believe that is com-
petent; and when I have time I shall examine the
precedents to which the honorable Senator alludes.
I shall do so for my own information. If I am
wrong I am willing to admit it; but if I find 1 am
right, and that a distinction exists between the
cases and the law to which he has referred me and
this case, and that the correct construction of the
Constitution is as I believe it to be, 1 shall en-
deavot to maintain that on some future occasion.
But I cannot bring into my mind one solitary
doubt, when i look at the language of the clause
which gives you your whole control over the
militia, and when I remember that you are ex-
ercising specially delegated limited powers, that
the clause evidently means to reserve the author-
ity over the militia to the State governments. It
provides that the officers shall be appointed by the
States, and that the States are ttt discipline them
under your provision made bylaw, and you have
no authority to govern any part of them except
those who are called into the actual service of the
United States. The construction that I put upon
the whole of the clause is that the fourth section
of this bill is clearly in defiance of it when you
attempt to subject to the authority of the Pivsi-
dentof the United States,as Commander-in-Chief,
a man who is not in the actual service of the Uni-
ted States. The President of the United Slates
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army, and of the
militia when called into the actual service of the
United Suites; but you cannot deem a man to be
in the service before he is actually so, and you
cannot attempt to govern him, under the Consti-
tution.
I take all these clauses together, because neces-
sarily you cannot understand the object and intent
of the Constitution without looking at all its va-
rious parts. You may, by isolating any partic-
ular piovision, give to'it almost any construction
whatever. 1 am aware that even when you take
the whole ofthe Constitution together men differ
in regard to its construction. 1 question the mo-
tives of no man in differing from me, butitismy
view of the Federal Government that it is a Gov-
ernment founded on the consent of the governed,
that it is a Government instituted and founded on
the compact ofthe citizens of sepanUe comrm'mi-
ties or States. That is its origin and its basis,
and you must have reference to that nrigfr* and
basis in giving eonstruction to the instrument for
purposes of legislation.
You have authority " to provide for organizing*
arming, and disciplining the militia,and for gov-
erning such part of them as may be employed i-n
the service of the United States." Is not that iin
exclusion of the authority to govern such part of
them as are not employed in the service of the
United States? And yet this bill undertakes to
declare that they shall be deemed in the service
of the United States before they are, and When
really they are not. Again, the clause in refer-
ence to executive power, to which I referred just
now, provides that '* the President shall be Com-
matuier-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, and of the militia of the several
States when called into the actual service of the
United States." But, sir, even under these guards,
the people of the United States were not satisfied
that there was sufficient protection either to the
rights of the States or to the liberties of the citi-
zens, without some further provisions, and at the
very first session of Congress amendments to the
Constitution were adopted, arising out of the de-
bates in the State conventions which rendered
those amendments necessary. Among them was
one in leference to this very matter, which I think
bears on the construction I give to the former ar-
ticle of the Constitution:
" A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security
of n free £tate,the night ofthe people to keep and bear arms
shall not be infringed."
I can give no meaning to that, unless it was
meant as a guard to the'States. I take the whole
structure of the instrument. I admit freely, as I
stated, that the authority of the Federal Govern-
ment is supreme to the extent of its delegated
powers, anu no State has a right to controvert it;
and that the duty of obedience exists on the part
of the authorities of the States and of the indi-
vidual* ofthe States; but under the same Consti-
tution I imperatively deny that where the Gen-
eral Government commits an aggression upon
the rights of the States, or attempts to exercise
a power not delegated, the duty of obedience ex-
ists.
Now, Mr. President, I do not desire to continue
this discussion; but I will make a further remark
in reply to the honorable Senator from Michigan,
t spoke of this Government as a Government
founded on consent, and L said I thought that in
that respect it differed from the Governments of
the Old World, and that you must look to the
foundation of the Government for the purpose of
giving a construction to the instrume/it by which
it was established. Wlien I speak of consent, I
do not mean the consent of each individual, but
I mean the consent of the community, and that
consent was not given by the people of the Uni-
ted States as an integral body. They never could
have formed this Government; they never could
have attempted to form it in that way. The con-
sent was given by the States existing as separate
independent communities. The majority of the
people in each-State, through their conventions,
by express compact created the common Gov-
ernment—a Government I admit it is, not n league;
1 never held such a doctrine. The violation of
that Government, or the attempt to put it down
by an individual or by a State, is an act of revo-
lution. I make some minor differences which
other honorable Senators do not; but I deny, as
thoroughly as any of them, the right existing in
any State to secede from this Government at its
own will. That is a violation of the basis of the
Government, i grant; but we are to judge what
course wisdom and the path of duty inquires us
to pursue for the benefit of the whole when such
an act of revolution occurs.
What I mean by a government founded on the
consent of the governed is tins : I do not believe
that either in this Union, or in any single State of
this Union, a government can be sustained by the
swoid against the consent of the people at lar.^t,
ofthe community over which it professes to exi«(.
I do not believe a republican government can.
Sir, this doctrine may be regarded as a heresy,
but the President and the Secretary of State, be-
fore the commencement of this unhappy war, be-
fore blood had been shed, entertained, 1 think,
the same opinion. I beg leave to read it. I quoted
