THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
February 5,
it for a different purpose on a former occasion. I
beg leave to quote it, as 1 agree to the view ex-
pressed in it as a great general truth now :
a F r these reasons he [the President) would not be dis-
posed to reject a cardinal dogma of theirs, [the seceded
Suites,] namely, that the Federal Government could not
reduce the seceding States to obedience by conquest, even
although he were disposed to question that proposition.
But, in fact, the President willingly accepts it as true. Only
an imperial or despotic government could subjugate thor-
oughly disaffected and insurrectionary members of the
State. This federal republican system of ours is of all forms
of government the very oue which is most unfitted for such
a labor."—Mr. Seward's Letter to Mr. Adams, April 10,
1801; Presidents Message and Documents, Thirty-Seventh
Congress, second session. Part I, page 74.
Mr. President, I believe in the general princi-
ple there stated. The President no doubt supposed
at that time that he was deali ng solely with a com-
bination of men who were not supported by the
people at large in the States which had attempted
to withdraw, or had withdrawn if you please, from
the power of the Union. He therefore determined
to execute the laws by force. It is not possible
to suppose, whatever may have been his opinion
then, that the President now, in view of what has
happened,can labor under the idea, which would
be a delusion, that the people of the eleven States
now in revolt are not ii thoroughly disaffected
members of the State." Then, sir, if I were to
draw the natural inference from this language, it
would be that the object of the further prosecu-
tion of this war is to establish an imperial or des-
potic government for this country. I do not sup-
pose that the President has any such idea ; but it
may lead to that, because I am very sure that un-
der no other form of government could you expect
to subjugate and hold as provinces eleven States
of this Confederacy with the population which
exists there.
But, Mr. President, I go further. I do not believe
that even with an imperial or despotic govern-
ment, you could establish over a country as ex-
tensive as ours a single government (which you
must do by obliterating the State governments)
by the genius of any living man or even of any
man who has hitherto lived. The country is too
extensive, the people are too warlike and too in-
telligent, there is too much diversity of habits, of
customs, of manners, of separate communities ;
there is a difference in the system of labor not
only in the slaveholding States but in the non-
slaveholding States, in the occupations of life, and
those differences under a single gover-nment would
inevitably lead to its rupture over a country so
extensive as ours, with a people as intelligent as
the people of the United States are, and as much
disposed to protect their own rights.
Therefore, sir, it is that I do not believe in the
prosecution of the war for the purpose of main-
taining a Union founded on what our fathers in
the Declaration of Independence declared to be the
only just basis of government, the consent of the
governed. I do not believe in the attempt to es-
tablish what is called Union by the sword, by ren-
dering one half of this country subject provinces
of another half of the country.
This is somewhat a digression, I admit. I sel-
dom deal in anythingof that kind; but there were
some of the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Michigan which seemed to impute to me the idea
that I belonged to a school which he denominated
heretical. There are many State rights doctrines,
so called, asserted by numbers of men, to which
1 might not accede; but I do believe in State rights.
I believe the great principle of this Government
is what I have stated, the consent of the governed.
I believe that the General Government must be
kept within its orbit for the purpose of the harmo-
nious action of the system, just as well as the State
governments, and that nothing but confusion and
ruin can ensue if it departs from the line of its ac-
tion within that orbit, any more than you couid
expect, if the sun should fall from the heavens,
that the universe would not be thrown into con-
fusion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there are some
features of the bill which f approve, and there are
some to which I am opposed. The discussion that
has arisen on the motion to strike out the fourth
section has brought us back to some of the prin-
ciples that were up before, and that were mainly
instrumental m producing the present Constitu-
tion, and that were also discussed with the most
consummate ability in the Senate of the United
States about the year 1830. Tha weakness of the
old Confederation was so great even jn ordinary
times, and especially laboring, as the country did
then, under a large debt issuing out of the war of
the Revolution, as to make it wholly inefficient for
the purposes of government. Two of the prin-
cipal features of weakness in that form of govern-
ment, if it deserves the term, were that the de-
mands which the General Government made upon
the States, both for revenue and for military as-
sistance, had to be made through the States, and
it was optionary with the States to obey the requi-
sitions or to disregard them; and that the power
of the State Legislatures within their respective
States was supreme and inviolable.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Kentucky allow me to quote a single author-
ity ? If it does not interrupt his argument, I shall
be very much obliged to him, because itis appli-
cable to this section, and I have not a remark to
make on it. I read from Judge Story's Comment-
aries on the Constitution, which has been handed
to me by my colleague, section 1208, page 93, of
volume three, of the edition from which I read,
(edition of 1833:)
"The question, when the authority of Congress over the
militia becomes exclusive, must essentially depend upon
the fact when they aie to be deemed in the actual service
of the United State". There is a clear distinction between
calling forth the militia and their being in actual service.
They are not cotemporaneous acts, nor necessarily iden-
tical in their constitutional hearings. The Presidents not
Commander-in-Chiet oi the militia, except when in actual
service; and not when they are merely ordered into ser-
vice. They are subjected to martial law only when in
actual service, and not merely when called forth betore they
have obeyed the call."
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask the learned Sen-
atorfrom Delaware, if he pleases, whether the doc-
trine laid down in the passage which he has read
from Story's Commentaries has ever been recog-
nized as the proper construction of the Constitu-
tion by the Supreme Court of the United States.
I am not aware that it has been. I am quite well
aware that was the doctrine held by Justice Story
in 5 Wheaton, but I am not aware that the Su-
preme Court have ever recognized it as law.
Mr. CARLILE. "With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I will say that I brought this
authority with me this morning to the Senate, and
I shall read, when I iiave the opportunity, more
from the same work; but Justice Story, in that
part of his Commentaries which has been read by
the Senator from Delaware, expressly refers to a
decision of the Supreme Court (in 5 Wheaton)
as support for the doctrine which he there lays
down. 1 shall read further from the same book
when I can get the floor, in support of the same
construction.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it was the pur-
pose of the men who formed the present Consti-
tution to get rid of the weakness and inefficiency
of the old Articles of Confederation. To that end,
it became one of the vital principles of the Consti-
tution which they formed, and which was adopted
by the American people, that it was a Govern-
ment acting directly upon individuals, and upon
all individuals, both for the purpose of enforcing
obedience to its authority and laws, and for the
purpose of putting down any and all opposition
that might be made to them.
Now,sir, any construction which would bereave
the present Government of these two necessary and
vital powers would practically resolve the present
Constitution back into the old Articles of Confed-
eration. They form the mainspring of oui Govern-
ment, one of its vital and essential principles. I
care not whether the Constitution was ratified by
the people of the States as States, or by the people
of the united States acting by States. The pro-
visions and principles of that Constitution, and
the powers which it confers on the Federal Gov-
ernment, are precisely the same whether the rati-
fication was in the one form or the other. The
language of the Constitution, the reasons that in-
duced the adoption of its different provisions by
the framers who made it, the great ends and exi-
gencies of society and government which it was
intended to answer, are the same whether the rati-
fication proceeded in the one mode or the other.
Now,Mr. President,I suppose every gentleman
on both sides of the Chamber will concede that the
present Constitution does away with the old Arti-
cles of the Confederation. There is not a vestige of
th^old Government that remains; but the United
States Government now issues from and is within
the limits of the Federal Constitution adopted in
1787. What is the recitation in the preamble of
the Constitution ? One of its purposes was, as it
is expressed there," to form amore perfect union."
The old union was imperfect. Itdid not answer the
ends of the American system of government and
society. Therefore it was done away with by our
ancestors of that generation; and a system of gov-
ernment was formed, among other purposes, for
the expressed one of establishing " a more perfect
union "among the States. Sir, with the principle of
State rights, as understood by the Calhoun school
of politics, there is no union at all. Instead of the
union being more perfect,it is identically the same
in essence and effect with that which existed when
our ancestors determined to form a more efficient
Government, and thereby establish a more perfect
union.
I think one of the great heresies that has sprung
up under our present system, and that has been
most mischievous and destructive to the peace of
the country and threatening to the perpetuity of
the Government, is this identical doctrine of State
rights. It has no place within the Constitution,
as the southern politicians understand and have
endeavored to establish it. I agree to State rights
myself. I am an advocate for State rights; but it
is for that description of State rights that is rec-
ognized by the Federal Constitution; all those
State rights orpowers of government that do not
come within the recognition of the Federal Con-
stitution I reject; but to the full extent that they
are not delegated to the United States Govern-
ment or withheld from the States, I concede them.
Outside of the scope of the United States Govern-
ment, that of the States is supreme; and 1 agr^e
with the Senator from Delaware that it is as much
for the maintenance of our American system of
liberty and of government that State rights, within
my definition, shall be maintained as that all the
powers of the General Government shall be also
maintained.
Sir, it was known to the experienced and able
men who formed our Constitution that questions
as to the extent of the powers of the General Gov-
ernment must necessarily arise in the course of
its administration. They provided for that state
of case; and what provision did they make? They
declared that the judiciary, the courts of the Uni-
ted States, should be the judges of all cases that
might arise under the Constitution, and the laws
of Congress and the treaties that should be made
in pursuance of it. So when a question is made
in the courts, and is decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States, as the tribunal of last
resort, and it settles a principle, that principle is
binding not only upon the General Government,
but upon the States and upon all the people of the
United States; and every man who resists the
principle of such a decision, whether he is acting
upon his own individual responsibility or under
the authority of aState, isequally in conflict with
the laws and the proper authority of the United
States, and is amenable to their laws.
Senators avow themselves against secession,
and say they are in favor of the maintenance of
the authority of the Government of the United
States. How is that authority to be maintained?
How is the authority of any penal law to be main-
tained ? Only by the punishment which it inflicts.
The mere declaration of the law, without fixing
any punishment to its violation, would have no
obligation at all, and it would be despised and con-
temned by every person disposed to resist and
trample upon it. Well, sir, how is the authority
of the United States Government to be enforced ?
Only by the execution of the powers which the
Constitution confersupon thatGovernmentto that
end. Here is one provision bearing upon the
general question:
"Consress shall have power to provide for calling forth
the imhua to execute the laws of the Union, suppiess in-
surrections, and repel invasions."
When any man or body of men, acting as in-
dividuals or by the authority of any State, are
found within the United States resisting the exe-
cution of its laws, making an insurrection, or act-
ing with a foreign Power m the invasion of the
United States, they place themselves in a position
r to be coerced by the General Gove* nment through
lj the medium and the power of the militia of the
j. States, in virtue of that clause of the Constitution.
H I admit that, ordinarily, thp militia of the States
;; constitute the military power of the States; but
ii the militia of the States, as provided for in this and
