1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
37txi Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Stevens.
Ho, oj? Heps.
readily yield their convictions of right and duty.
Perfect unanimity is rarely attainable under any
circumstances in a legislative body, and it is there-
fore obviously the duty of the majority upon whom
devolves the responsibility to pass such measures
as they may deem necessary for the success of the
cause for winch they are held accountable. Would
any gentleman on that side of the House at the
last session of Congress have yielded his convic-
tions as to the policy of receiving and employing
fugitives within the lines of our Army? Yet the
majority assumed the responsibility of adopting
that policy, now conceded to have been necessary
and just.
There arc still, it is true, cavilers on that side
of the House, who in thciace of official testimony
continue to assail the Administration for the ex-
penditure of large sums of money, in violation
of law, in the support of idle contrabands. If
this charge be true, it is palpably inconsistent in
them to deny these contrabands the opportunity,
by labor and service, to remunei*ate the Govern-
ment for its expenditures. Even the bill now be-
foir- the House is violently opposed; and yet for
months we have heard gentlemen on that side, of
the House ridicuhngtheuttempttoorganize black
troops in the South as a miserable failure. Why,
then, so persistently oppose a measure, the suc-
cess of which they declare to be impossible?
Greatly desirable as harmony and unity are here
and elsewhere, I can see no good reason why the
majority should surrender theirconvictions, their
sense of propriety, and their belief of what is the
best policy for the conduct of the war.
[ listened attentively and with interest to the
speeches of the distinguished Gentlemen from Ken-
tucky, [Messrs. Crittenden and Wickliffe,]
and also to that of the younger but not less dis-
tmguishedgentleman, [Air. Wadswortii.] They
are from a State with which 1 am familiar, and of
my connection with which, until tins war broke
out, I was as proud as I was of my nativity as a
Buckeye. I must say that theie was nothing which
fell from the lips of either one of those three gen-
tlemen that satisfied my mind that it is notvaho-
gether proper and i igh t and just in this great crisis
of our country to enlist the services of the black
man, and to avail ourselves of every means thn!
God has put within our reach, not inconsistent with
the laws of civilized warfai e, m oi der to crush out
this infamous rebellion. Sir, it gives me no pleas-
ure to say that much which fell from them struck
me as being a mere repetition of the appeals that
have been so often heaid heie and elsewhere for
protection to lebels and to their slave property.
1 will not yield to either of those distinguished
and aged gentlemen in love and veneration for the
Constitution; for the Constitution as it is, the Con-
stitution as our fatheis made it. And if 1 could
be convinced that the bill now before us violated
any of the provisions of that instrument, it could
not have my support. The lessons of my infancy
taught me to revere this chaiterof our liberties as
the best gift, except that of the leligion of the Son
of Man, that had ever been vouchsafed to our peo-
ple. It was the first written Constitution, the first
that gave to every man of the Anglo-Saxon race,
however humble and lowly horn, the right to stand
up in the face of his fellows and in the presence
of his God and say, "I am the equal of every
other man."
And, sir, it was because of my love for that
Constitution that I voted against the proposition
of the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Cm itcndln,] called the Crittenden com-
promise, which was introduced here in theThirty-
SiXlh Congiess as a son of panacea for the ills
that were threatened by naitors. I was then,as
Him to-duv, for the Constitution as it is, and, as \
a sacied duty, voted against a proposition which j
changed the whole purpose of the instrument. I ;
was not willirg then, nor am I willing now, to
put my hand to any instrument, or to record my
vote in favor of any proposition, that would per-
vert the whole design of the fathers of the Repub-
lic when they framed that Constitution, which
was to establish fiee government on free soil and
for free men. Sir, I trust in God that so long as
the Constitu! ion is allowed to stand at all, it will
stand just as it is, and that the institution of sla-
very. which has been the bane of our Republic,
will never be permitted to extend its power or its
possessions one foot beyond its present limits.
I have too much respect for the memory of my
southern ancestors, too much loveand veneration
for the fathers of the Republic, ever to 'be made
an instrument for the destruction of the very prin-
ciple of government which they established.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague [Mr. Cox] indulged
in his usual happy vein of remark yesterday, and
made this statement, which,I suppose, he intended
to be understood us simply a rhetorical flourish:
" Every man along the bolder will tell you that the Union
is foiover rendered liopcloss if you pin^uo this pohev of
taking the slaves from then masters and arm them in this
civil sti ife. It will only keep alive and aggravate this alien-
ation of sections, which had it  beginning in hate, and
would have its end in ven2<'anr.p.>*
I really, sir, am at a loss to know to what the
gentleman referred when he uttered that senti-
ment. But if he meant to charge the northern
people, or any large class of them, with entertain-
ing hate for the people of the South, he did them
a gross injustice. Sir, future historians will re-
cord it as an extraordinary fact that notwithstand-
ing the violence of these rebels, notwithstanding
the many acts of barbarity committed by them
upon our unoffending citizens of the North and
the loyal and unoffending citizens of their own
section, retaliation has never been resorted to by
the North. It is unjust, therefore, to the people
of the North to charge them with a feeling of hate
in carrying on this war for the preservation of the
Government and for the protection of law. I
know that at the South this feeling of hate is be-
lieved to exist in the minds of the northern peo-
ple; but no such sentiment as that should be ut-
tered by any man who respects the loyal people
with whom he is associated, and I feel it my duty
to repel the charge.
Mr. Speaker, my vote shall be recorded in
favor of this bill if amended as I hope it will be;
and I shall cherish the hope thai much good and
none of the evils predicted by its opponents will
flow from jt. If it should be necessary, to save
the life of this great nation, to preserve the Gov-
ernment of our fathers, the freest and best ever
enjoyed by man, and to restore the Union under
which we have prospered as no people ever pros-
pered before, I would not only employ the black
man and the Indian, but I would employ every
element of destruction, and not stay my hand un-
til the last rebellious fratricide and parricide had
been swept from the face of the land. Cut, sir,
the people of the North have firmness and man-
hood and patriotism enough to defend the institu-
tions of their fathers. They appreciate their free
Government and will stand by it, notwithstanding
the efforts that are made by designing demagogues
and bad men all over the North to deceive and
withdraw them from its support. The heroic
braveiy of our Army must bring victory to our
cause; and sooner or later—and I trust in God
very soon—we shall all be permitted to unite in
welcoming the return of peace and harmony and
good fellowship, and to behold once more that
glorious old flag, without the loss of a single star,
floating over a reunited and happy and prosperous
people.  
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OF HON. T. STEVENS,
Oi?* PJ3XXSYI/VANIA,
In" the House of Representatives,
Fcbrvary 2,1863.
The House having under consideration the bill to rai-'c
additional soldier tbi the <-emoij of the Government—
Mr. STEVENS said:
Mr. Speaker: In the course of this protracted
debate, no gentleman has expressed his opinions
with more candor than the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. May] who has just taken his seat. He
avows his hostility to this bill because he is op-
posed to the war. I do not expect any gentleman
who will avow himself opposed to the war to vote
for this bill, because I am quite sure that the bill
itself is a very efficient engine m cariying on this
war. Hence the gentleman from Maryland can-
not be expected to vote for a bill whose beneficial
effects on the war are so evident. This bill has
been opposed on variousgroundsjby some trueand
loyal men, whose prudence, however', generally
degenerates into timidity; by others on that side pit
the House whom I am not at liberty to *deem dis-
loyal, but whose arguments and acts compel the
belief that they are strong sympathizers with their
" wayward sisters." ' .
It is said that we have already so large an
army that we have no need of more soldiers,
and that this will cause «. needless expense. Xt
will require some three or four months to raise
one hundred and fifty thousand. By that time,
about June, the time of the two years men of
New York, and of the nine months men, will exr
pire. They will take from the Army, I think, at
least three hundred thousand men. How are you
to supply their place except by colored soldiers?
It is said by our opponents that in the present
temper of the country you could not raise in the
whole North fifty thousand men by voluntary
enlistment, and that to enforce conscription is
out of the question. It may be so; and if it be,
it is useless, perhaps, to inquire what has pro-
duced this condition of the public mind. No
doubt the ynhappy management of the war, and
want of successful battles, have done something
toward it. An unsuccessful war is always un-
popular.
Another great cause is the conduct of partisan
demagogues. The Democratic leaders—and when
I speak of Democrats in these remarks, I beg to
be understood as not including those true Dem-
ocrats who support the war and give their aid to
the Administration—the Democratic leaders, I
say, have.been busy for the last year in denoun-
cing the war and the Administration. They tell
the people that this is an abolition war, a war for
the negro, and not for the Union; that our south-
ern brethren have been injured, and that we
ought to lay down our arms and compromise.
During the last electioneering campaign through-
out Pennsylvania, and I suppose the whole North,
when the new volunteers were callcd for, Dem-
ocratic leaders traveled everywhere and advised
that no Democrat should volunteer, but stay at
home and carry the election and regain power.
The masses followed their advice; scarcely any
Democrats joined the volunteers.
Another thing that has cooled the ardor of the
people is the rivalry among the officers, and the evi-
dent sympathy of a large portion of them with the
rebels. Our armies have been in the hands of
men who had no heart in the cause, and who have
demoralized the Army; and such demoralization
has been transferred to their friends at home.
Hence, if we are to continue this war, we must
call in the aid of Africans, slaves as well as free-
men.
But gentlemen speak boastfully of the power of
the white men of the.North, and that we have a
million men in the field, and need no other aid.
Sir, I have as high an opinion of the valor of
northern men as any man can have; but, instead
of having a million, I do not behove we hata now
half that number of effective soldiers. Sickness,
the sword, and absenteeism have taken half our
troops; and in four months one fourth more will
be taken by the expiration of their time.
But suppose we could recruit our armies by
white volunteers, is that any argument against
employing blacks? Why should our race be ex-
posed to suffering and disease, when the African
might endure his equal share uf it? Is it wise,
is it humane, to send yourkindred to battle and to
death, when you might put the colored man in the
ranks and let him bear a part of the conflict be-
tween the rebel and hisenfranchisedslave? Why
should these bloody graves be filled with our rel-
atives rather than with the property of traitors
slain by their own masters, who, m their turn,
would fall by the handsof the oppressed ? 1 have
but little respcct for the northern man who would
save the rebels' property at the expense of the
life of white men.
We have heard repeated the usual slang of
Democrats, so freely and falsely used by them to
prejudice the minds of the people, that Republic-
ans are trying to make th<  black man equal m all
things to the white. The <ns! nuuished gemleman
from Kentucky [Mi. Wi, ki ifit ] and his allies
from Oiiio have talked oi Sambo's commanding
