1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. AUen.
Ho. op Beps.
Senate, and annexed to this report, that the number of per-
sons who petitioned tin? Senate at its late session on the
subject ofbankniptcy \va< 50.298; that oftlmt number 42,169
prayed the Senate not to repeal the law; that 1,206 of the
petitioners aslant An its modification ; that 4,343 desired its
modification or repeal; ami that 447 asked a postponement
of us operation. £o that, out of 50,298 petitioner*, there
remained only 2,133 who desired an absolute and entiie re-
peal oi the law. The time has been too short to permit any
general expression of public opinion in the form of petition
during the present session of the Twenty-Seventh Con-
gre->.; hut so far as *-uch an expression has been received,
it is favorable to the continuance of the act, at least in some
modified form, as will also appear by the statement before
refeired to."
Am I not justified in saying, in view of these
facts, that the country did not call for the repeal
of this law?
1 have thus endeavored to show to some extent,
and to an extent sufficient for the specific object
•which 1 have in view, the nature, operation, and ■
effects of the bankrupt law of 1841.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thomas] said that the law of 1841 was " a very
imperfect law, and, as compared with the b.ill be-
foi<i the House, the mere skeleton ofabill." He
had " great pleasure in saying that the learned
chairman of the committee which reports this
measure has drawn up a very good and sensible
. bill, the fruit of much laborand skill." Very well,
if such was the nat^fe, operation, and effects of
that "very imperfect law," relieving so many
debtors and creditors, and causing so little dissat-
isfaction in any portion of the country, that of
50,298 petitioners on die subject of bankruptcy,
in 1843, 2,133 only desired an absolute and entire
repeal of the law, what must be the nature, oper-
ation, and effects, should the bill become a law,
of the unifoun bankrupt system, as developed by
the chairman of the committee which has reported
this measure?
" A good and sensible bill;" and if in any
respect it is not a good and sensible bill, let it be
amended until, as far as possible, it shall be per-
fected ; and is it not reasonable to suppose that its
operation and effects will be far more beneficial
and extensive than the operation and effects of
the law of 1841 ? Will there not be less dissatis-
faction, if any, with the law of 1863 than there
was with the law which was repealed on the pe-
tition of 2,133 persons, in opposition to 4V2,1G9
persons who prayed the Senate not to repeal the
law? True, there has been no uniform bankrupt
law upon our statute-book since the repeal of this
law; not, however, because it has not been asked
for time and again, and its importance urged upon
the consideration of Congress. But for the reason
that debtors and creditors have been unable hith-
erto to get " a hearing" here, while interests of
less impottancc by far in their relation to the com-
mercial welfaie of the nation have been pressed in
before it; and they have waited,relying- upon the
justness of their cause, which has gained strength
**ven by delay, until now it would seem as if the
necessity for a uniform bankrupt law must be
patent to every man. As a matter of fact, may not
the reasons, substantially, which were urged as
evincing the necessity of the law of 1841 be urged
with fourfold stiength in demonstration of the ne-
cessity of the proposed law of 1863
The number of debtors and creditors to be bene-
fited by this law has vastly more than quadru-
pled. If there was a peculiar condition of the
commercial sphere then, in consequence of which
it was supposed that it stood in special want of
that electric influence which a uniform bankrupt
law alone could give it," is there not emphatically
a peculiar condition of the commeicial sphere
now, waiting for the electiic spark by which alone
the brainsand heartsnnd handsof many thousands
can have knocked off from them the shackles of
debt, "damning debt," that makes a man a slave
to consuming cares without the shadow of a hope ?
Compute the amount of indebtedness to be as
small as you may, still it is the incubus pressing
with mountain weight on men, the most of whom
are honest but unfortunate,defying their resources,
paralyzing their energies, and abstiacting from
their sum of human happiness an amount so large
that the remainder is not worth the mention when
compared with the happiness of that man who is :
not crushed to the earth, himself and wife and
children, by unrelenting, lifelong debt.
If in 1841 we were necessarily thrown back
upon the imperfect and discordant systems of
twenty-six States, had Congress abstained from
the exercise of the authoiity with which the Con-
stitution has invested them in the matter of a uni-
form bankrupt law, are we not now thrown Lack
upon the discordant and imperfect systems of
thirty-four States, if Congress turns a deaf ear to
these creditors'and debtors' most earnest appeal?
It is the appeal of two hundred thousand petition-
ers who are the representatives of many more than
two hundred thousand debtors and creditors, and
not one hundred men are found—not one hundred
men did I say?—not one man is found in all this
country protesting against a uniform bankrupt
law. Where are the protesters to-day, if they
anywhere exist? Why are they not here by their
petitions, forwarded to your table through their
representatives, that we should refrain from the
exercise of our power in this direction ?
This is not a movement for a bankrupt law
which has been "hid under a bushel." It has
been as open as though it were proclaimed upon
the housetops. Every press in the land has pub-
lished it, and scarcely one without giving its ap-
proval. Has the public press been bribed, or does
it speak " the will of the people?"
It is not that Maine, it is not that New England
is in greater need of a uniform bankrupt law than
any other section of the country that 1 desire the
passage of this bill. Look at the statistics as you
will find them in the document to which I have
more than once refened, and you will observe
that of the whole number of persons in the Uni-
ted States who availed themselves of the law of
3843, there were as few m New England, fewer
in fact—other things being equal—than in any
other section of the country. New England can
takf1 care of herself, with or without a bankrupt
law. She will suffer as little as any part of the
country from the non-existence of this law. But
what then? Is she opposed to its passage as a
national measuie r Not at all. She is opposed to
nothing that is for the good of the country, how-
ever small may be the share of benefit that inures
to her. Tho votes of her Representatives in this
body during this Congress, and during every pre-
ceding Congress, will show this.
Mr. Speaker, one object of a uniform bankrupt
law is very easily understood. It is to provide for
the certain, equitable, and economical distribution
of the assets of an insolvent among his creditors,
without any fraudulent reservations or discrim-
inations. It is to guard the rights of cieditois as
carefully as it guaids the rights of debtors, and
be of lasting benefit to both. It is to make its
truly beneficent operation coextensive with its ne-
cessity; to harm no interest; to benefit every in-
terest m the land. This is us object—nothing
less, nothing more. Can any gentleman show
that this is not the object of this bill ? And if he
can, then, even, le! him not hastily reject it. Let
him mold it to the object. Let him remold every
section ot it, if need be, until he shall be able to
say, it is the best bill that can be had undei the
ciicumstances, and he will do his countrymen a
service which will not be forgotten.
I repeat it, it was not my intention to discuss
the merits of this particular bill. It has been
framed by no novice in jurisprudence, but by a
gentleman who, as an old writer would have said,
" hath cute understanding of that severe but sub-
lime science, law." I trust his painstaking has
not been in vain, but that now what has been
repeatedly asked for will be given to the people.
Whethei this Congiess shall pass this bill or not,
there will soon be a session of Congress that will
give the nation a uniform bankrupt law. There
will be a Congress to which these petitioners will
not appeal in vain, but which will give the people
the benefit of a system which has found its place
in the codes of nearly if not all commercial nations,
and is approved by their expenonce. And the
Congiess that will do this, thus equalizing and
protecting the rights of citizens of the different
States and Terutoncs, when the "act" in its
nature and operation and cffccts is compared with
the bankrupt laws of the several States, will de-
serve and receive a like encomium to that re-
coided by the historian when he wrote of an
emperor, that " he found a city built of bricks and
left it constructed of marble."
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
SPEECH OF HONTWILLIAM ALLEK",
OF OHIO, . ,
In the House op Representatives,
February 2, 1863.
The House having under consideration the bill to raise
additional soldiers for the service of the Government—
Mr. ALLEN", of Ohio, said:
Mr. Speaker: The proposition embraced in the
bill under consideration, which is so earnestly ad-
vocated on the Republican side of the House, is
the "crowning act" of that folly and madness
which seem to have taken possession of the Gov-
ernment. When this bill becomes a law, as I
presume it will, it will complete a system hereto-
fore inaugurated, the effect of which will be to seal
the perpetualseparation of the States of this Union.
The policy pursued by the majority in Congress
for the year past has pointed as directly to that
end as the " needle to the, pole." The legislation
of Congress during that time, particularly on all
matters connected with the institution of slavery,
to which most of its attention has been given,as
well as the acts of the Executive touching the
same, while they have been for the alleged pur-
pose of maintaining the Union, have ail tended
to impair and destroy it, by uniting the people of
the disloyal States in a more determined resistance
to the laws, and impairing the confidence of those
of the loyal States in the integrity and patriotism
of their rulers.- The people of the seceded States
are nearly a unit in sentiment, so far as we can
learn, on all that pertains to their governmental
policy, while those of the loyal States are largely
divided on their policy.
It was said by the President, as I believe cor-
rectly, in his first message to Congress, that there
was a large Union sentiment in every State of the
Union; in fact, that there was, accoiding to his be-
lief, a majority of the people in favor of the Union
in all the States, except it might be South Caro-
lina. Such being; the case, it should have been
his policy, and that of Congress, to adopt such
measures as would have further developed and
sustained that sentiment, giving it life and vigor,
that it might, by the force of public opinion in
the rebellious States, have counteracted the efforts
of those who were attempting the overthrow ofthe
Government. The President and his party knew
at the time this message was delivered, as thoy
now very well know, that Unionism and abolition'
ism. in the slave States were very distinct in their
meaning, however synonymous they might be
with them,and that any party in those States who
espoused the abolition cause must sink beneath
the weight of public opinion.
The President was fully aware, at the time of
his inauguration, of the state of public feeling in
the seceded States. He knew that those who had
pi ecipitaied those States into a revolution justified
their conduct on the ground that he had been elect-
ed to the position he was about to occupy by a sec-
tional party, based upon antagonism to the institu-
tion of slavery; that they declared the object of
him and iiis party was to abolish the institution of
slavery in the States, either by direct or indirect
legislation, and to bring the power of the Govern-
ment to bear, in every possible manner, for its ex-
tinction; that he and they were accused ofa design
to annul that provision of the Constitution requir-
ing the surrender of fugitive slaves, and of a de-
termination to wage a war for the destruction ofthe
property and extermination of the people of those
States. And*))© was impressed with the necessity
of removing'thesc apprehensions which thus ex-
isted in States, as is evident from his inaugural
address, in which he uses the following language:
"Apprehension seems to exist among the people of the
southern States that by the jcte - ion of a Republican Ad-
nun^ttauon their property and their peace and personal
security fire to be eudangeied. There iian neve* b-en any
rea&nuabh1 cause for such apprehension. Indeed, the most
ample evidence to thecontraiy has, all the while existed and
been open to their inspection. It is found m nearly all the
published speeches of hun who addiesscs you. 1 do but
quote fiotn one of those speeches, when I declare that *1
hnve no puiposc direcrty or indirectly to mterfeie with the
institution of slavery m the States where it exists. I be-
lieve I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no in-
clination to do *o.> Tho-e who nominated and ejected me
did so with full knowledge that I bad made this and many
similar declarations, and had never recanted them. And,
