1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
provisions which mitigate the severity of a draft,
and yet secure to the nation in its dangers the
physical power of its citizens.
Sir, I live in a city to which near three thousand
drafted men ware brought from many counties in
Ohio, and 1 conversed with them freely. Almost
every complaint made of the draft was from per-
sons who would have come under the exemptions
of the French law. Nearly all would have been
relieved and others drawn under the humane pro-
visions which might be copied from military laws
of othernations. Instead of striking outany sec-
tion of this bill, I defend every partof itas neces-
sary and constitutional, and only wish added the
proper restrictions and limitations.
It) 1832 the French conscription law was entire-
ly revised; and I have before me here, in French,
the law then adopted. It is a long law, contain-
ing many articles, every word of which, if it was
only made to conform to our institutions and our
habits, with the proper change of States and coun-
ties and townships for the municipal divisions in
France, might be made applicable to our condi-
tion; and I respectfully suggest that the Military
Committee might have gathered wisdom from the
experience of a great warlike nation like France,
and should have prescribed in this bill all the lim-
itations to the power of conscription which reason
and humanity demand.
The right and the power of conscription are in-
dispensable to carry on a long war. Heretofore
you have only taken the ready, the willing, those
who were disposed to volunteer and render their
service; but you must, if necessary in order to
maintain this Government, fall back upon the
whole power of the country. The rebels have
taught us wisdom on this subject, as they have on
many others. They have appealed to a conscrip-
tion ; and if it were not for the conscription act of
the confederate States, as they are called, this war
would have been over a year ago. You cannot
fight the devil except with fire; and you cannot
fight the southern States, armed with the whole
physical power of those States, unless you use
also the same means. If we wasted less discus-
sion upon political topics; if we talked less about
the negro question, which has been brought into
this debate by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, and which has no proper connection with
this discussion; if we only have the courage to
appeal to the physical force of the loyal men of
this country; if we bring that to bear in the same
way that the confederates in the southern States
have done, we can put down this rebellion; un-
less we do it, we arc dishonored and defeated
before the world.
Sir, before we meet here again next winter,
our armies will have been materially dissolved by
the termination of enlistments, by disease, by
death, by the accidents of war, by desertion; and
we are now deciding the great question whether
or not we shall then abandon the cause of our
country because we have not the courage to ap-
peal to physical force to defend it. I am willing
to go home to the people of Ohio voting for the
strongestconscription law which any human being
can draw, and I can defend it before my people
anywhere. If in the beginning of this contest
we had passed a conscription law, and depended
less on volunteering, it would have been better for
us; we should have saved immense sums of money;
we should have a better arirty, a more disciplined
army. If that had been done the war would now
be over; but because we dared not pass such a
law the enemy looks for the abandonment of our
effort, and are now exultant over anticipated an-
archy and strife among us.
Sir, let the wisdom of the Senate be appli./d
now for one week to maturing and passing a wise
conscription law; let us show by our unity and
our courage that we are determined to put down
this rebellion; let us cease to wrangle about that
which has nothing to do with the subject before
us; let u.i meet this question like men, Demo-
crats, Republicans, all alike, and our very action
will strike a blow at the rebel cause more im-
portant to us than even a victory in the field.
My own impression is, that this bill now, im-
perfect as it is, is the most important measure
pending before the Senate. Although you cannot
maintain war without money, if compelled to
choose 1 should rather abandon all your financial
bills and everything else,in order to obtain upon
the statute-book a wise and good conscription i
law. That it is more just and equal than'any
other system is easily proved. It is an equal dis-
semination of the burden of war over the whole
mass of the people. Where It is enforced kindly,
with the proper exemptions and resumptions, it
will be assented to everywhere. As I have al-
ready stated, the experience in Ohio was that
the principal objections which were made to the
conscription law among the three thousand men
who were gathered together in the camp at Mans-
field , were from men who under a wise law would
have been exempt. They told their piteous tale of
hardship, and it was a heart of stone that would
not have been moved by their sufferings. Young
men who had left a sick mother at home; men of
thirty-five or forty-five years of age who had left
a wife and children at home; men who had left
aged parents at home, dependent upon the char-
ity of friends; persons who by any law framed by
any kind and wise legislation would be exempt;
they told their story; they were snatched, dragged
away,probably hastily dragged into service, with-
out any chance of presenting their grounds of ex-
emption toany one. They complained,and every
man felt sympathy with them.
But, sir, if that law had been placed upon the
true basis, if it was known that the Congress of
the United States had declared that every citizen
between the proper ages should in the course of
time be subject to military service, and then had
selected the young men between the ages of eigh-
teen and twenty-five as those first to be called upon,
and then those between twenty-five and thirty-
five as those second to be called upon, and had
exempted those men who, from peculiar circum-
stances, were entitled to exemption, and protected
all of them in the enjoyment of their legal rights,
you would have had no complaint made in the
State of Ohio about a conscription law. It is not
in the principle of the law, but it is from the mode
and manner of its execution that all the trouble
has arisen. So it was in almostevery State of the
Union. There was trouble in one of the most
patriotic States in the Northwest; I believe in
Wisconsin they abandoned the attempt to execute
the law to a great extent.
I do not believe that there is any State where
a wise law, founded on correct principles, could
not be enforced. We must enforce it, or abandon
the contest. Sir, if I believed that this Congress
was about to close its session without the passage
of a law which will unable the President of the
United States to appeal to the physical force of
this country, I would abandon the contest in de-
spair. Sir, the very moment your armies molt
away, as they will by the causes I have stated,
that very moment the confederate soldiers, drawn
by force from among their people, will take the
offensive; and then where will you be? A fewer
number of men can maintain an offensive war m
the southern States than can maintain a defensive
war in these States. If you allow your armies to
dwindle into insignificance by your disputes and
contentions, by your strifes and quarrels about
parties and about generals, you will abandon the
cause of your country, and because you have not
the courage to rely upon the real patriotism of the
people. That is my judgment.
I hope, therefore, Sir. President, that all the ob-
jections to this bill may be fairly and frankly con-
sidered; let them be discussed in good temper,
but let the end be the passage of some law em-
bracing all the provisions of tins bill and as many
others as the Senate mayadopt. I believe it will
do more to maintain the honor of this country
than any other law which you can pass.
So far as I am concerned, I do not intend to al-
low party matters to mingle in this contest. I
know there are radical differences of opinion here
in regard to the employment of negroes. I have
no disposition now to express these opinions, be-
cause they have nothing whatever to do with this
controversy. I know there are wide and radical
differences of opinion among us in regard to the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, in regard
to how far martial law can be enforced in States
where there is no rebellion. Perhaps I have al-
ready said enough on these subjects. All these
are disputed matters, that ought not to be brought
into this controversy. This controversy does not
relate to political matters; it involves the mam
question, and that is whether we will now igrto-
miniously abandon this contest, allow this country
to be broken up into hostile and warring sections.
I say, sir, that whatever -may come, whatev^i*1
sacrifice of property is necessary, whatever sacfri-'
fW of life is necessary, whether sons, brothers,
and friends shall be taken, one after the other, and
slaughtered in this contest, I, for one, am disposed
to wage it until the authority of this country is
maintained in every part of it. I do not wish to
deprive any State, or any section, or any portion
of our community, of any right give^to them by
the Constitution of the united States. I do not
believe that such a wish actuates this Senate.
The honorable Senator from Virginia quotes
again the Crittenden resolutions. I am wilting to
vote for them every day in the year if he wants me
to do so,and repeat them as long and as often as we
ought to repeat the Lord's prayer. I do believe
that the Crittenden resolutions, as they are called,
do contain the truth that we are waging this war
only for the purpose of maintaining the authority
of the Government. But suppose certain Senators
here are of opinion that the negroes should aid in
this war; suppose they are of opinion that the South
alone should not avail itself of the labor of negroes
to feed their armies, but that we, the loyal people,
should seize these negroes and use them for the pur-
pose of putting down the rebellion; is there any-
thing in that inconsistent with the Crittenden reso-
lutions? Suppose that a portion of the people of
the northern States think that it is a part of their
duty to put down rebellion at home by forcible
means, if you choose, is that inconsistent with the
Crittenden resolutions? Notatall. The main pur-
pose mufct always be kept in view; that is, the pres-
ervation and perpetuity of this Government—the
State governments and the national Government—
with all the rights of each State intact, with all the
rights of the national Government intact. That
is the main purpose; but the\means to be employed
must be left to somebody. Now who shall decide?
Senators may think that the President of the
United States is not the ablest and best man that
ever lived. I am not here either to defend or extol
the President. I am not here to dispute or contro-
vert a proposition of that kind; but, sir, he is
President for four years; he is armed, and he is
the only man that is armed, with all the executive
authority of the United States. This country is
to be saved or rent, it is to be preserved or to be
destroyed, during his term of office. We cannot
deprive him of that office. We must maintain
him, support him, aid him. Even where I disa-
giec with him, I will not arraign him before the
people of the country, and thus discredit and dis-
honor him. Rather, if he is weak, we ought to
uphold him the more; if he is fickle, we ought to .
strengthen him by our resolution; if heiacksany
of the elements necessary to constitutea great man,
we ought to supply them by our courage and by
our constancy. We do no good to our cause, no
good to our country, by a constant crimination
of the President, by arraigning him here, as I have
heard him arraigned, as a tyrant and imbecile.
Sir, he is the instrument in the hands of Almighty
God, holding the executive power of this Govern-
ment for four years. If he is a weak man, we
must support him; if we allow his authority to
be subdued and overrun, we destroy theauthonty
of the Government of the United States. I, for
one, do not wish to enter into that category. I
believe that the President is honest; fchat in all the
measures he has taken he has had in view the
safety, welfare, and honor of his country. In
issuing his proclamation in September last, and
again in January, he was actuated by the high-
est and noblest motives—a desire to preserve the
country. Senators may differ from him, they may
disagree with him; hut, after all, it is an execu-
tive act; it has all the lawful effect of an executive
act, and no more. If it is void, the courts are
open. If the proclamation of the President does
not emancipate a slave, the courts will so decide.
If it is effective for it« purpose, all the wrangling,
all the abuse you heap upon the President will
i not change the decree. If it is void, your courts
j will decide it to be void; and there is not a man
| of us here who will not submit with patience and
I respect to that decision.
; There is not a single act of these authorities
' but what will sooner or later be tested by the ju-
; dicial process of the courts; and if they are void,
; redress will be hud; if they arc valid, it is the duty
i of all to submit. There in no u?e in our quanei-
ing with each otheror wrangling about these mat-
i ters. it sepms to me that we ought to treat the
