84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
31th Cong....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Keps.
more than this, they placed in the platform for my accept-
ance, ami as a law to themselves and to me, the clear and
emphatic resolution whieh I now read:
"'Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of each State to order
and control its own domestic institutions according to its
own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of
power on which the perfection and endurance of our po-
litical fabric depend, arid we denounce the lawless mva«mn
by armed foi ce of the soil of any State or Territory, no mat-
tei under what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes.'"
The Republican party in Congress had but a
few weeks before the inauguration declared by
solemn resolution that they had neither the con-
stitutional rightnorthe purpose of interfering with
slavery in any of the slaveholdi ng States; and their
successors.in the present Congress, at the extra
session in July, 1861, reaffirmed the same purpose
in the adoption, by an almost unanimous vote,of
the Crittenden resolution.
"When, after the fall of Fort Sumter, thePresi-
dentissued his proclamation forseventy-fivethou-
sand of the militiafor three months,and which was
responded to so gallantly, thousands more than
were required tendering- their services, he declared
the object of the call to be, in accordance with ex-
isting statutes, for the execution nf the laws and
the protection of the public property, A subse-
quent proclamation was issued calling for an ad-
ditional number of troops for three years for a
similar purpose, which, although unauthorized
by any existing law, was subsequently ratified
by this Congress at its first session, when an act
was passed authorizing the acceptance of half a
million soldiers for the period of three years, in
which the protection of the public property and
the execution of the laws was still declared to be
the objcct. To this call our gallantmen responded
with alacrity, not only to the number authorized
by this law, but to the number of some two hun-
dred thousand more, and which has been further
increased to near a million in all. Men ofallages,
capable of performing military duty, and some
who weie not, men of means and men without
means, Democrats and Republicans, conserva-
tives and radicals, men in every situation in life,
left their families, their friends, and their busi-
ness, and enlisted for the required period, incur-
ring all the hazards uf battle and the privations of
the soldier, for the noble and patriotic purpose of
protecting the Government and vindicating the
Constitution mid laws.
These men who thus rushed to arms in defense
of the Union would never have mcui rod the hn/.-
ards and sacrifices which they did if any such pol -
icy as that which has since been pursued, and in
proposed by this bill, had been then proposed. And
the Republican leaders knew this, and therefore
concealed their purposes until a large .army was
in the Held, composed ofn majority of those who
had ever been opposed to theaboluion policy,but
who, while they might have had their doubts as
to the honesty and sinceiiryof ihose in power,
felt bound to presume them silicon- until the con-
trary appeared. The Union to which they had
over been devoted was threatened, and they did
not stop to inquire what paity had control of the;
Government, supposing that partyism for the
time would be buried m patriotism; and that none
would be found so wicked as to take advantage of
the country's calamities to advance political or
personal interest. With a President elected under
the forms of the Constitution, whose duty it was
to sec that the laws weie executed, they felt bound
to support him in the attempt to do so. If this
grand army, thus thrown into the Held, had been
permitted, under proper and skillful officers, to
tight for the protection of the Government and the
execution of the laws, and had proved unsuccess-
ful, theje would never have been cause for com-
plaint from the soldiers in the Army nor their
friends at home.
But the Army having been filled to the required
standard, the policy of the paity in power became
gradually moreapparent, and the President, under
the pressure of party friends demandmga change
of policy, has yielded to their persistent appeals,
until he and they stand convicted of violating the
solemn pledges which they made at and before
the beginning of our national difficulties.
The violations in Congress began by the intro-
duction of various measures for the confiscation
of the property of rebels and the emancipation of
their slaves. The first act of this character which
became a law was passed shortly before the close
of the extra session of Congress, and provided
for the emancipation of such slaves as with the
consent of their owners were found rendering any
service to the military operations of the so-called
confederate States. At the next session, an act
containing the following sections was passed:
"Thatslavesofall persons whoshall hereafter be engaged
m rebellion against the Government of the United States, or
who shall in any wa> give aid or coinfoit thereto, escaping
1'iomsuch persons and taking refuge within the lines of the
Army; and all slaves captured from such persons or deserted
hy them and coming under the control of the Government of
the United States ; and all slaves of such persons found or
being within any place occupied hy iebel forces, and after-
wards occupied by the forces ot the United States, shall be
deemed captivch of war, and shall be forevci tree of their
servitude and not again held as slaves.
"That no slave escaping into any State, Teiritory, or
the District of Columbia, from any other Slate, shall he
delivered up or in any way impeded or hindcied of his
liberty except for crime or some offence against the laws,
unless the person claiming said fugitive Miall first maUe
oath that tins person to whom the laboi or service of &uch
fugitive i* alleged to be due is hi* lawful owner, and lias
not home arms against the United States m tlie pie-sept
lebellion, noi In any way given aid theielo. And no person
engaged in the military or naval service of iho United
Stales shall, under any pretense whatever, assume to de-
cide the validity of the claim of any person to the seivice
or labor of any other peison 01 surrender up such person to
the claimant."
Another law was passed for the acceptance of
such negroes as the President might deem proper
for the purpose of working upon intrenchmcnts,
and aiding in the mihtaiy service in such manner
as they nught become useful. This law was un-
derstood at the time to authorize the employment
of negioes as laborers simply.
At the Name session a new article of war was
added by act of Congress, in the following lan-
guage;
" \11 officers or persons in the nulifarv 01 naval service
of the United States :ue piohilnted itoin employim: anv of
thetorees undei then icspeetive commands lor the puipose
o! leMniniK fugitive^ (torn .-ervitude 01 laboi, who may iiave
escaped fiom any pei^ons to whom Mich service or laboi i->
claimed to bo due ; and auv olficei who shall be found guilty
byaeotnt mattiajof violating tins aiUele bhall be dismissed
trom lhe service."
These acts, passed by Congress and approved
by the President, are in direct violation of the
pledges contained in the President's inaugural and
the resolutions referred to, winch received the
indorsement of the Republican party. By these
acts, Congress has attempted by legislation to
destroy the relation of master and slave in the
slaveholding States. U was admitted before the
war began that Congress had no nghtto inter-
fere with tiiis institution; and it has acquired no
irreater power since the existence of war. The
Constitution is the same now as it was when this
party admitted that it had neither the constitu-
tion^ right nor the purpose to interfere with the
msutunon in the .States.
But these acts are in violation of the clause re-
feried to in the President's inaugural as to the
leturn of fugitive' sl«v\ecj to then owneis. They
nullify that clause of the Constitution, by pro-
hibiting officers and soldiers fiom obeying it,
under penalty of dismissal from service. Under
these acts, slaves are enticed within the lines of
the Army, and the officers of the Army beimr pro-
hibited from surrendering them to their owners,
they become free. Even if the owner proves his
loyalty, the military officer cannot decide the
question of loyalty, and civil process is ineffect-
ual to ivaeh them. The consequence is, as de-
signed by the lulls, that slaves ot loyal as well as
disloyal owners arc inveigled into the camps, and
the owners, finding all efforts to reclaim them un-
successful, are foiced to abandon pursuit. These
laws ate sufficient, if they could be executed, to
free every slave in the slave States; but thev are
a dead letter, except in the immediate vicinity of
the A i my. They disclose, however, the purposes
and bad faith of the party who enacted them.
In addition to these legislativeenactmentseman-
cipating slaves m variousforms, we have the proc-
lamation of the President, issued on the first day
of the present year, by which ho undertakes, under
the fallacy of his war power, at one fell swoop to
emancipate the slaves in ten of the States without
regard to the loyalty or disloyalty of their owners
In addition to these acts and proclamations, orders
have been issued by military commanders as to the
confiscation of property, which serve as a license
to unprincipled men in the Army to annoy un-
offending citizens in their vicinity, to steal and de-
stroyprivate property and insult unprotected fe-
males,all ofwhich is within the spirit ofthese acts
and proclamations, if not within their literal inter-
pretation; their tendency is to encourage reckless
soldiers to disregard the rules of civilized warfare
by intadmg the homesteads of the unprotected,
appropriating their property, and insulting them
with impunity, which they suppose they may do*
under color of confiscating the property of and
44 punishing rebels;" a term which this class of
persons in the Army, few in number it is to be
hoped, apply to all who happen to possess prop-
erty which they desire to enjoy. Such persons
have no rights which such soldiers feel bound to
respect, and men who are afraid to be thieves at
home, become so when stealing takes the name of
44 confiscation."
Now, as the climax of this legislation and these
proclamations and military oiders, it is proposed
to arm and equip for five years as soldiers such
number of negroes as the President may think
proper, for the purpose, as alleged , of fighting the
battles of the country. After such a policy as has
thus been pui sued by the Presidentand his party,.
who is there North or Sfeth that can vindicate
either against the charge of abolitionism or against
any of the charges to which I have referred? Why,
the leaders of the party will scarcely deny these
charges; certainly they ofttnot do so successfully;
they can only repel them by applying that po-
tent and oft-repeated argument of 44 rebel sympa-
thizers" to those who attempt to point out their
errors and inconsistencies, and who are unwilling
to aid them in emancipating and elevating the
negro at the expense of the rights of the white
race.
Sir, if the war had been conducted on the pol-
icy and for the object firstannonnced by the Pres-
ident and for a time acquiesced in by Congress,
the Union sentiment winch the President declared
in his message existed in all the States, instead
of being crushed out in the seceded States, as I
fear it is, might by this time have been able to
counteract the efforts of the leaders of secession.
If, according to reports, there has been an indiffer-
ence among many of the people in those States
as to the result; if there has been dissatisfaction
among the people and soldiers thei e, that dissatis-
faction might now have been by the force of the
Union sentunentin those States strengthened into
a general revolt, producing a geneial defeat of the
plans of those who have lnaugimfied and cariied
on the rebellion. If, as our troops advanced into
southern territory, the policy of the Government
had been as first enunciated, and all unnecessary
interference with private property had been ab-
stained from by our Army, the tendency would
have been to undeceive and bring to our sup-
port those whom the leaders of the rebellion had
deluded into its support.
But every act of the Government on this ques-
tion, and many of die acts of our military com-
manders, have served only to strengthen the con-
viction not only of the people of' the South, but
of many of the North, that this war is waged to
advance personal and political interests, and for
the destruction of the rights and institutions of
the States. But this party was organized on the
basis of the negro, has lived and irrown into power
upon the negro, and it will go down with the ne-
gio, if the country goes with it. It has presented
for the admiration of the American people the
negro m nearly every attitude which it was thought
might win popular favor, and the last act in the
great44 drama" is the negro playing soldier. The
party first began hy arousing the sympathies of
the white people in the Noith m behalf of tin-
oppressed slave, and by arraying northern preju-
dice against slaveholders. 'The cruelties of the
institution were portrayed m every possible man-
ner, from the pulpit, from the rostrum, through
the press, and thiough all the channels of public
information. And such were the manifestations
of sympathy by these pretended philanthropists,
and the earnest appeals which they made in be-
half of the slave, and their denunciations of slave-
holders, that they succeeded m infusing into the
public mind an intense sympathy and solicitude
