1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S
3fan Cong-....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers~Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Beps.
for this unfortunate race; men became partially
insane on this subject, and were willing to hazard
their lives, if need be, to ameliorate the condition
of a few slaves. John Brown became a martyr
in the attempt to lead a few of them out of their
servitude in Virginia. The fugitive slave law was
violated and its execution resisted in many in-
stances throughout the North, for the purpose of
aiding in his flight to Canada here and there a
fugitive from slavery. A whole community, some-
times the whole country, was thrown into excite-
ment at the attempt to return to servitude one of
these fugitives.
What has become of all that sympathy and loud
philanthropy ? When it is now proposed to make
breastworks of this population to receive the en-
emy's fire to save our own soldiers; Jo place them
in the front ranks of the Army to be shot down,
or, if overpowered, to be carried again into sla-
very of a more cruel character, or perhaps, which
is more probable, to be massacred without cere-
mony; for it is very certain that the people of the
southern States, whose feelings and education are
so averse to the equality of the races, will never
recognize or treat them as prisoners of war when
captured by them in the ranks of our Army. Nor
can we compel them to so treat them. It is said
we " can retaliate on their soldiers which we may
take as prisoners for all indignities offered our col-
ored soldiers." Unless we are more fortunate in
taking prisoners than we have been since this war
began, we will have enough to do to insure, by
retaliation, the proper treatment of our white sol-
diers when they fall into southern hands. The
prisoners takrn by the confederates have fre-
quently been inexcessof those taken by our Army;
and attempts at retaliation would fall disastrously
upon the heads of our unfortunate soldiers taken
prisoners. If the fi lends of this measure are sin-
cere when they announce the policy of placing
negro soldiers in the front of the battles to pro-
tect white soldiers, they have lost much of that
professed sympathy for the race when they would
now march i hem out of their present condition to
the mouth of the cannon and point of the bayonet.
But it is not to be supposed for a moment that
this elass of persons, if armed and equipped as
provided in the lull, will ever be u^ed in any man-
lier to relieve white soldiers 111 the Army. A pai ty
who devotes itsentiieenergies in providing for the
black race at the expense of and to the neglect of
the white race, will not be likely to place the ne-
gro in any such perilous position. It is not prob-
able that commanding officers who permit ambu-
lances and army wagons to be used to aid i( con-
trabands" in their exodus from the South, while
weary, exhausted while soldiers march on foot,
would place these contiabands in the front ranks
of the A rmy for the [mi pose stated; or that a de-
partment of tin' Government that feeds, clothes,
and provides so amply for fifty orsixty thousand
of these persons, who, in the language of the
President, "do nothing but eat," while our white
sold'eis are frequently on hall rations, and their
families at home suffering from want, would place
the negro in any hazardous position foi the pur-
pose of shielding the white man fiom harm.
Sir, this gasconade about relieving white sol-
diers by substituting negroes, is another attempt
to humbug the people by presenting the ne^ro, as
I have said, in a new altitude—one which is de-
signed to appeal to self-inteiest instead of sym-
pathy^ It is known that there isa dissatisfaction
among soldieis in the Army, and among their
friends, on account of the policy of the Govern-
ment, w luch gives so rnuch attention to the wants
of the negio, while the wants and desires uf the
soldier m the field are not legarded. It is
known that since the advance of our Army m
some sections of the country the prejudice ms'illed
in the minds of < ur soldiei « against slaveholders,
by this fanatical pas tv, has more or less disap-
peared; that when they have seen the institution
lis it is, and sometniT'S witnessed the contrast
between the treatment of the negro and that re-
ceived by themselves, they have denounced the
abolitionists of the country, who would sacrifice
the life <">f (he soldier for sake of the negto; that
the " hoi y hati ed " of s'aveholdei s which fanatics
have attempted to infuse into their minds and
those of the people js rebounding against its au-
thors; that a deep feeling of dislike for those who
have been wasting the lives and fortunes of the
people for the benefit of the negroes and them-
selves is taking hold of the public mind, and the
people of the country are unwilling to give up
their " loved ones" to be thus sacrificed to the
" abolition deity." Hence this new attempt to
gain favor among the people, by a measure which
it is thought addresses itself to sympathy for the
white race rather than that of the black.
But those who believe that any serious attempt
will be made to use these negro soldiers to fight
against slaveholders will be deceived. They will
never be brought in such close proximity to their
former masters, as they might again fall into their
hands, and into slavery. They will therefor^ be
kept at a respectful distance from them; perhaps
in the free bolder States, where, in certain locali-
ties, they may be used to control elections while
white soldiers arc absent and deprived of the elect-
ive franchise; or, if quartered in slave States, it
will only be to aid in enticing slaves from their
owners, either into the ranks of the Army todraw
pay of the Government as soldiers, or to be quar-
teied in some secure place, under the auspiccs of
superintendents appointed to provide for then-
wants.
If the bill becomes a law in its present shape, re-
cruiting stations will be established atsecure points
in the slave States, where the people, whether loyal
or not, will be subjected to ail the annoyances, in-
sults, and depredations that might reasonably be
expected from negro soldiers under negro recruit-
ing officers. The busim ss of such officers will he
to entice into the ranks of the Army all the slaves
they can; each slave taking with htm as much of
his master's property as he can, to become the
common booty of his new master and associates.
And thus by an organized system, at the public
expense, the work of emancipation and confisca-
tion will go on, as fast at least as white soldiers
can drive back the confederates. Such, it seems
to me, is evidently the only end that this bill will
accomplish. No negroes in the free States will
offer their services to these new regiments; they
will be composed entirely of fugitive slaves.
But what a gloomy hope is pi evented by this
bill in other respects! These soldiers are to he
raised for five years, and maintained that length
of time at the public expense, eating up the sub-
stance of the nation. When are we to expect
peace if such an army as i his is yet to be organ-
ized (and which may not in that time be fully
organized) before a peace is conqueied on the
terms of the radicals ? is the war t hits to continue,
and these soldiers to be the guardians of our liber-
ties in the future? If such is the case, faiewell
lo all constitutional liberty, tn all free government,
and to al! tlose inestimable rights which we, as
freemen, have hitherto enjoyed.
Sir, while tin so soldiers can be of no service in
suppressing the existing rebellion, they may be-
come potent in the hands of tyrants in crushing
outoui own liberties. At one time it was feand
by some that the present formidable Army might
be used for the establishment of a despotism, and
be wielded by a tyiaut foi the subv( ision of' lib-
erty and the erection of a mouaichy. But it
is now evident it never can. The manly inde-
pendence, intelligence, and ardent love of liberty
which characterize those now in the nulitaiy ser-
vice will ever prevent them from being instru-
ments in the hands of tyrants for the enslavement
of their countrymcn. But,, with the disposition
now manif sted by those in power to ignoie the
nghts of States and the rights of citizens, and
to tianipie down all the sdfeguaids of lihetiy
provided by the Constitution, which is the bond
of oui cjnmn and the chai ter of ou r liberties, what
can we expect if this arbitral y power should have
at its command half a million of ignorant, vicious
negioes with aims in their hands? The lesult in
that event e<y) be conjectured, if not foretold.
But while the measure embodied m this bill will
in no way relieve the white soldiers in the Army,
it is an insult to and reproach upon them; H is a
proposition, in the language of a distinguished
statesman in my awn State, "to ti tide each soldier
for a negi o," oi, which is as odious, to admit ne-
groes on an equality with them m the ranks of the
ii Army—fo share then laurels in case of victories,
j if any are won, to icceive the piaise while white
ij soldiers do the fighting, and to bring reproach
upon the latter on account of the cowardice and
inefficiency of the former class of soldiers", ' v
Sir, the soldiers now in the Army will aever
submit to this". If there be an attempt to carry-
out this law, they will leave the Army as rats
desert a sinking ship. It has been said there ate
officers desirous of obtaining situations to aid in.
raising these regiments. That may be. There are
some who would no doubt prefer trifling with
those regiments and receiving their pay, to incur-
ring the hazards of battle. Few high-minded men,
however, will seek such positions, but will resign
before they will in any way be connected with
such military enterprises."
The proposition of raising these regiments of'
negro soldiers to fight the battle of the country is
so absurd and ridiculous as a military measure
that I cannot vote for its reference to the Military
Committee. It is not for a moment entitled to
that importance, in a military view, that justifies
its consideration among the military operations of
the country. To so refer it, in my view, would
give it some appearance of military importance,
and might imply a willingness to receive the meas-
ure in a modified form, which we likely would
before the close of the session, as may well be
inferred from the views advanced and votes given
on the subject by the majority of that committee.
As a means of delay its reference might be proper,'
if there was any prospect of its ultimate defeat
thereby; but as a majority of the committee have
already signified by their remarks and their votes
that they were in favor of the bill m some shape,
we would soon have a favorable report, and the
bill ultimately become a law.
Again, this bill is a sad confession on the part
of Congress of the weakness of our national
strength, and of the inefficiency of the white peo-
ple of the loyal States to defend and protect the
Government and suppress the existing rebellion,
A million of men have been mustered into the
military service of the Government from the loyal
States, and more could be obtained if the war had
been carried on within the limits of the Constitu-
tion. We have twenty millions of white peopie
in the loyal States, with hearts devoted to the
Union, and the beneficent institutions fostered
thereby. We have great commercial advantages;
we hove immense wealth, and all the resources
necessary to carry on a successful military cam-
paign; while our antagonists have less than half
the white population which we have, have less
wealth, are without a navy, their commerce de-
stroyed by a blockade of their sea-coast, and are
behind us in all the means necessary for success-
ful military operations, and yet we are forced to
the admission that we are unable to close this
contest successfully without calling to our aid the
" loyal hearts," " great courage," and "physical
endurance" said to exist m the African race.
This is a wonderful commentary upon the capa-
city of the American people for self-government,
for the ability to execute laws is as necessary to
the maintenance of any form of government as
the capacity to enact them.
It was once claimed that the slow advance of
our Army, and delay in suppressing the rebellion
was caused by the fact that we had men at the
head of the Army who were too lenient to traitors
and too dilatory in attempting toad vance, allowing
the enemy to deter them from making attacks by
the exhibition of "quaker guns" and other artful
contrivances, until u had placed itself beyond the
immediate grasp of our Army. The officers thus
accused of deieltction have been superseded by
those who were to prosecute the wai in earnest,
and who, by their proclamations and orders, ap-
peared to be "terribly in earnest;" these have failed
and their places have been supplied by others who
have enjoyed a " bnef immortality," only to fol-
low their predecessors to retirement; and yet we
remain unsuccessful, the reverses of the Army
hating been more disastrous since theye changes
of military commanders began than before.
Again, it was claimed as a pretext for inau-
gurating this emancipation scheme that our ill
success was for the want of a true policy; that
the President, as Commander-in-Chief, must an-
nounce a policy: that of freedom to the slaves in
the seceded States, which would at oneis bring to
our aid the slave population,and then a successful
issue might be expected. The President has
