86
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
31tii Cong....3d Sess.
Origin and Objects of the War—Mr. WicJchffe.
Ho. of Reps.
issued his proclamation, emancipation acta have
been passed, and acts bearing upon the negro,
in nearly every shape, except it be to declare him
white, and yet nothing has transpired; the people
are all the while waiting for something to " turn
up," but all is "quiet along the lines," and our
prospects for a suppression of the rebellion far
from brilliant. The radical party have the power
to adopt, and have adopted, all the measures by
which they proposed to insure our military suc-
cess; but these measures, as predicted by the
Democracy, have but contributed to our defeat,
and have rendered our prospects more gloomy
than at any former period. Yet, instead of learn-
ing from the experience of the past, and changing
this suicidal policy, it is proposed to extend it.
While it may be possible the people of the States
which have seceded cannot be much further alien-
ated from the Government by any future policy
than they already are by the past, there is yet
within the pale of the Union the border slave States,
without which we can never hope for a restoration.
The people of those States have stood like a
§reat breakwater between secessionism of the
outh and abolitionism of the North, and amid
storms of persecution from the one and the taunts
and jeers of the other have fearlessly yielded their
support to the Union for the sake of the Union;
they have sacrificed friends, property, home, ev-
erything for the Union—for to be a Union man in
those States requires something more than idle buf-
foonery—itisaatern reality; it requires unflinching
valor and patriotism; yetamid all theiradversity,
and the many inducements offered to enlist them
under the banner of the confederate government,
they have stood by the flag of their country; and
their Representatives here tell us that they will
stand by it to the last; yet these gentlemen have
appealed to this Congress to refrain frotu the pol-
icy pursued; and again protest against the passage
of this measure, which will tend to alienate the
feelings and, if possible, drive those States out of
the Union.
What else but separation can be expected if
every means is resorted to which may serve to
alienate the people of all the slave States from the
Government? Is separation what is desired by
the Administration party? It would certainly
seem so. The late speeches of the leaders in this
House, in addition to the policy to which I have
referred, fastens the conviction on my mind that
separation of the States is their object. If this
party are determined to cause a perpetual sepa-
ration of these States by pursuing a policy which
renders restoration impossible, upon them will
rest the responsibility. The Democrats and con-
servative men of the country yielded their support
in every measure possible for the protection of the
Constitution and maintenance of the Union, and
will disclaim all lesponsibility for their destruc-
tion. if separation is inevitable, so far as we
the people of the Northwest arc concerned, the
sooner it takes place the better, as we share all
the disasters and none of the benefits of this war.
And we have no desire to exhaust our means and
to bear all the burdens winch it imposes on us, that
the coffers of the people of New England and their
coadjutors in other sections of the country may
be filled. We will not remain mere tributaries to
the interests of these eastern capitalists. The
people of New England and their offspring along
the northern lakes may enter into and mature
their schemes for ship canals,ax has been jocosely
said, "to dram the lakes;" but they will not much
longer drain the pockets of our people by their
tariffs and abolition policy.
If separation takes place between the North
and South, we of the Northwest will look to our
own interests; and if our political relations with
the southern States should be severed, we will
hove the free and uninterrupted navigation of the
Mississippi river, for the want of which we are
now suffering such great loss in the depreciation
of prices; even if we should obtain this advantage
at the expense of losing the friendship of New
England, we will sell where we can sell highest,
and buy where we can buy cheapest. We do not
desire nor intend that the prices of our great sta-
ples shall be depreciated by transportation on rail-
roads, nor those of the commodities which we
purchase enhanced by high tariffs, which inure to
the exclusive benefit of .New England manufac-
turers. The people of the Northwest have ever
been, are now, and will remain, for the Union
first, last, and all the time; but when that Union
is forever broken it will be their duty to take care
of themselves. That holy hatred which New
England " bigots" have attempted to infuse into
the minds of our people against those of slave
States is not deep-rooted enough to prevent us
from establishing advantageous commercial rela-
tions with the people of the seceded States if mu-
tual political relations should even be impossible.
Neither is our love for New England so great
that we will sacrifice our own interests to advance
hers. I hope no such contingencies as those to
which I have adverted may ever arise, but that the
people of all sections of this country may again
unite under one constitution and one flag.
I trust, however, I will be excused for the slight
reference I have made to our probable future rela-
tions, since the subject of foreign mediation has
been broached by a leading journalist of the Ad-
ministration party, one who, from his past inti-
macy with the powers that be, might be supposed
to speak upon authority; and since the leader of
the party in this House, [Mr. Stevens,] as well
as the distinguished gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Conway,] has assumed the position that the se-
ceded States are already "in fact and in law" out
of the Union, neither owing allegiance to it nor
entitled to protection from it; such being once ad-
mitted as the status of these States by the party,
as I have no doubt it will be—for the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has well said that he is always
in advance of his party who are sure to follow—
there will nothing remain to be done by it but
agree upon the terms of separation. I am inclined
to think the position of tiiese gentlemen will be
the platform of the party upon which "to render
separation easy."
But the people of the Northwest will oppose
separation to the last; they are not in favor of
the separation of a single State from the Union—
not even their erring sisters, Massachusetts and
South Carolina. They have poured out their
blood and their treasure to maintain the bond
which binds the States together, and they do
not desire that all the sacrifices which they "have
made shall result in the destruction of the Union
which they have been struggling to preserve.
And until the fanaticism which rules the hour has
destroyed all hope of reconciliation and reunion,
they will cling to this Union as the unfortunate
mariner clings to the last wreck of the foundering
vessel. Until all hope of reconstruction has van-
ished, their motto will be: "The Union as it
was, under the Constitution as it is."
ORIGIN AND OBJECTS OF THE WAR
SPEECH OF HON. C. xi. WICKLIFFE,
OP KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 2, 3863,
On the causes of the civil war, the objects for which it was
ongumlty pioseeutcd, and the purposes for which it is
now waged, in reply to lion. Tiiaujdcus cJtlvlns.
Mr. WICKLIFFE said:
Mr. Speaker: In the remarks I shall make, it
will be my purpose, first, to consider the posi-
tion assumed by the abolitionists and radicals,
namely, that the caus<f of the present civil war is
; the existence of slavery in the seceded States, and
j there shall be no settlement or compromise until
j the freedom of every slave is secured by the power
1 of the Army and Navyofthe United States. This
i false position, by " abolition pressure," has been
] instilled into the President's mind, and he lias
j been forced into a line of policy which he did not
: approve, but which he had disclaimed and rcpu-
i dialed twelve months ago, by his ifticial mes-
i sages, by his public acts, his proclamations, by
ji his ministers at home and abioad, and by his
generals in the field.
The President now, by his proclamations, as-
serts his right, as President of the United States,
• and being ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the
| Army and Navy of the United States, as well in
; time of peace as war, his power to emancipate
! the slaves owned by citizens of the United States,
h within such States and parts of States, as he shall
designate as being in rebellion. These slaves are
in the adverse possession of their lawful owners.
The President has not the possession or right,
neither have the United States, by any act of force,
or judicial proceeding, become vested with the
rightful claim to said slaves. The owrters are in
possession,by virtue of the constitutions and laws
of their respective States, of these slaves, pro-
tected by the Constitution of the United States.
The President's proclamation, to be effectual,
must have the force to abrogate, nullify, and re-
peal the provisions of the constitutions and State
laws which establish and recognize the institu-
tion of African slavery within such States. This
is an alarming assertion of power by the Chief
Magistrate, and one dangerous to the rights of
the States, destructive of those principles of our
Constitution which proclaim protection to private
rights, and security to social relations and social
institutions.
The reason of the President for this change of
fixed and expressed opinion, and for this most
extraordinary usurpation of power, is, that so
long as slavery is permitted to exist the rebellion
cannot be suppressed. Strange delusion! If, at
the date of this proclamation of freedom to the
slave, the war had ceased, and peace once more
had smiled upon a united and happy nation, the
wrong done to individuals, the crime of violating
a time-honored Constitution, would, in some de-
gree, have palliated individual wrong, and out-
rage of law would have been acquiesced in by a
people whose all seemed to be exposed to destruc-
tion, by the disregard of those in power of the
constitutional rights of the citizen.
The position that slavery was the cause of the
war is not believed by any sane man blessed by
God with more than one idea. Wherefore must it
be destroyed ? It would have been as absurd to have
said that the tea thrown into the harbor of Bos-
ton was the cause of the revolutionary war, and
therefore it would have been wise in England to
have destroyed it or prohibited its use. The war
of 1812 was declared and fought because of the
impressment of American sailors and seamen on
the high seas, and in defense of " free trade and
sailors' rights." What would have been said
of the American statesman in 1812, who should
have insisted upon disbanding American seamen
because they had been the cause of the war of
1812?
Slavery was not the cause of the present war.
This is nothing more nor less than the hypocrit-
ical assertion of the abolitionists to induce the
President to assume a power as Commander-in-
Chief which does not belong to him as such, nor
to him and the Congresscombined. Slavery ex-
isted by the laws of the several colonies befora
the Revolution. It existed in all but one when
the Constitution was adopted. In peace and har-
mony,after the adoption of that Constitution, thd
United States increased from thirteen to thirty-
four States, giving evidence to the world of their
prosperity and happiness as a nation, unparal-
leled in the annals of time, creating and building
up an internal trade and a foreign commerce, a
commercial, marine, and military power that ex*
cited the jealousy of our ancient enemy. Ona
item of that foreign commerce, the product of
slave labor alone, amounted to $300,000,000 an-
nually; this beside the value of the same pro*
duction consumed at home. It has been by th$
product of slave labor that New England has
gained her present wealth and power. It is this
£rcat production that New England now blindly,
by her statesmen, not her people, wishes to strike
down and destroy. Under this union of States,
each left to manage its own domestic concerns
and institutions for seventy years, our nation has
flourished and grown.
At length the fell spirit of abolition, of British
origin, supported by British gold, was imported,
and by bad men and hypocritical preachers of
our holy religion fostered and cherished. Agents
were set to work, lectures and tracts disseminated
throughout the South, the peaceful home and
fireside of the citizen threatened by servile war.
Raids into States were made by abolitionists to
excite to rebellion the slaves of a law-abiding and
happy people. Abolition at length assumed in
the United States a political organization under
the auspices of men who had filled high position*
