1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
3 fair Cong....3d Sess.
Origin and Objects of the War—Mr. WicJcliffe.
Ho. of Eefs.
in the nation. It became bold, and entered the
halls of legislation. Upon the overthrow of the
Whigparty, itsgreater portion in the East,North,
and West, finding that Know-Nothingism was a
humbug, abandoned that, and soughtand formed
an alliance with the abolition party, under the im-
posing name of the "Republican party," or
" Fieesoilers." Under this new name and alli-
ance the war upon the institution of slavery in-
creased, and, unfortunately for the peace of the
country, our Government is now threatened with
destruction. Slavery had no agency in producing
this war, except so far as the abolition measures
and abolition war upon it produced that personal,
sectional, and political hatred, which at last di-
vided and distracted our councils, destroyed the
national and fraternal feelings of the people so ne-
cessary to the support of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, this party, soon after its amalga-
mation with the bad portion of the Whig party,
actively engaged in the efforts to accomplish their
purpose—the dissolution of the Union. They
made open war on the Constitution. They es-
tablished presses and desecrated temples dedicated
to the living God. The people were advised to
disregard its injunctions, even when they had
sworn to support it. Time will not allow me to
give you the many facts to prove this position
which our history affords. The watchword of the
party was "the Union is a lie, the Constitution
is a covenant with death and an agreement with
hell."
In 1857 a convention was called to meet at
Worcester, called by Thomas W. Heggenson
and others. They announced, as the reasons
for this convention, " that the result of the then
recent presidential election involved four years
more of pro-slavery government, and the rapid
increase in the hostility between the two sections
of the Union." The hostility arose, it was stated,
" from a fundamental difference in education, hab-
its, and laws." That the Union was a failure,
and their objects were avowed to consider upon
the best mode of dissolving it. The convention
met; its president was Thomas Bird. He made
a speech of great violence, avowed that he had
come that day for the purpose of enrolling him-
self with the abolition party; with those who go
for the abolition of slavery at the price of tlie
dissolution of the Union, if need be. The con-
vention was addressed by other men, and letters
were received and read from other individuals.
I read with regret an accountof the proceedings,
particularly the letter of a Mr. Amasa Walker.
" He was sick of the Union." He was for si-
lencing those who were in the habit of speaking
of it with approbation. "No one thing," he said,
" was so threatening to all our great interests as
the blind idolatry which the press of the country,
whether literary, political, or religious, pays to
the Union. Nothing is so calculated to enslave
the peonle, stupefy the public conscience, and
destroy'all manhood." He thought " the inces-
sant stream of fulsome adulation of the Union
which flowed from the press of the North degrades
and disgraces them in the eyes of the people of
the South." The whole of the resolutions of this
convention were treasonable. They denounced
the Union, and urged immediate dissolution.
Mr. Speaker, it is not now a disputed fact that
John Brown's raid into Virginia was fostered and
supplied with money in Massachusetts, to enable
him to accomplish his hellish purposes, and his
memory is now celebrated in song in the land of
steady habits by his aiders and abettors.
There was a convention m Buffalo, New Yoik,
in 1843. Ill that convention Hon. S. P. Chase was
the selected chairman upon lesolutions. Among
those presented by him and adopted by the con-
vention was the following:
•• Resolved, That no here give it t.) be understood dis-
tinctly this nation end the ivorld, tll.lt. as abolitionists,
coiwilei,n  th.tt the strength of oar cause lies in its liglit-
consne-s-, mid uin hopes for success in it* confoimiU to the
laws ot tiod and our *uppoit of tlie iiflhts of man, we owe
to the sovereign Rule! of the universe, as a pi oof of our
alk'L'i.mce to linn in all of our civil relation'- and offices,
whether a i friends citizcus. or public ftiiictionaueB sworn
to support th'j t'onstitiuion of the United States, to refrard
and tieat the third clause of that instrument, (the Consti-
tution.) wlient'ier applied to the case of a fugitive slave,
us iilteilv null and void, and consequently firming no part
of the Constitution of the Unifd States, whenever we are
called upon or sworn to support It "
It was but the other day the leader of that party j
in this House, [Mi. Stevens,] in a speech deliv-
ered in favor of the bill to establish the State of
West Virginia, declared that he believed the bill
was unconstitutional, yet he would vote for it,
and did so vote.
Thus has been generated a disregard of the sol-
emn obligations to observe arid suppoit the Con-
stitution, the body-politic demoralized, the bonds
of our Union weakened. The man who takes an
oath to support the Constitution and willfully
violates that oath is guilty of a high crime, and
should beexpelled from the office whose duties lie
proposes to discharge. He who counsels a dis-
regard of any provision of the Constitution that
an officer has sworn to support, deserves the same
punishment which the law inflicts upon the vio-
lator.
Mr. Giddings of Ohio, Mr. Adams of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Hale of New Hampshire, each
in their turn, presented petitions to Congress to
dissolve the Union. In 1859, in convention in
New York these abolition disunionists passed the
following resolutions:
"Whereas, the dissolution of the present inglonous union
between the free and slave States would lesult in the over-
throw of slavciy, and the consequent toimation ol another
Government without the incubus of slavery : Therefore,
"Resoivcd, That we mvitc a free eouespondeiice with the
disiinioiusls of the South, m order to agree upon the most
suitable means to bang about so desirable a result."
These are the men, the good Union men, that
have become the counselors and advisers of the
President of the United States. These are the men
of whose " pressure" Mr. Lincoln complained,
and seemed to dread in the spring of 18G2. Their
pressure has triumphed, and the President has
yielded, and unites with them in their patriotic
efforts to restore the Union by the abolition of
slavery, the subjugation or extermination of the
white race, and "the elevation of the negro. Need
I cite theaction oftheLegislaturesofthefreeStates
in their enactments of what have been called " per-
sonal liberty bills?" These bills were the legiti-
mate fruits of the wicked principle asserted in Mr.
Chase's Buffalo resolutions.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot describe and more sat-
isfactorily state the causes of this rebellion than
has been done by a gentleman of great ability, of
undoubted patriotism; one who has filled, m a
former, and occupies under the present Adminis-
tration, a high official position; one who was and
is opposed to secession—denounces it as I do, a
heresy in politics. lie still labors and sighs for
a restoration of the Union, and the preservation
of that Constitution which alone can bind us to-
gethei as one nation in peace and in war.
In I860, when writing to a friend from the stand-
point of Washington city about the dangers which
then threatened the peace of the country, and the
causes of this threatened evil to our Union, he
asks himself a question in these words: "Whence
is all this?" He answers:
" ft has come because the pulpit and the press and the
cowering, unscrupulous politician? of the North have taught
the pcopl'p that they arc re.-vponsibinforthe domestic institu-
i ions Qi the South, and that they can he faithful to God only
by being unfaithful to the compact which they have made
with tin ir Icllovv-men.
<• Ilpne«' those liberty bills, which degrade the statutes of
ten ot the free States, arc confessedly a shameless violation
of the Federal Constitution, in a point vital to he* honor We
have here presented from year to year the humihaungspec-
tacle of free and sovereign State* by a solemn act of legis-
lation legalizing the theft of their neighbors' pioperty. I
f-ay theft, Mncc it is not the lest so* because the subject of
the despicable crime chances to be a slave instead of ahorse
or a bale of goods."
i wish my time would allow me to read the
whole of this admirable letter.
I must do justice to those men of the North and
of the East who were not actors in the Legisla-
tures or elsewhere, in the inauguiation of meas-
ures designed to alienate the South, designed to
create an "irrepressible conflict" between the
Noith and South. They saw the danger and
labored to prevent it. The men who ruled the
political power of the day, the leading men of the
triumphant party, were determined to destroy
and divide the Union, as urged in the New York
abolition convention of 1859, and the Massachu-
setts convention at Worcester in 1857.
Mr. Speaker, I have no soft words, no excuse,
no justification to make for the men of the South.
I have heietofore recorded my opinion of their
conduct, and have nothing to take back. I can
say of them as St. Paul said to Alexander the
coppersmith, they " have done us much harm;
may the Lord reward them according to their
works."
Time will not allow me to enter more into the
history of the causes and commencement of our
troubles.
The election of Mr. Lincoln was seized upon by
the disunionists of the South as justifiable cause
and lit occasion for the movement for which the
abolitionists North and the politicians South had
been for years preparing the public mind—tha
South, under the idea that if they remained in the
Union their domestic institutions were unsafe. •
The abolitionists desired to see the South take the
initiative, because they believed it would lead toa
dissolution of the Union and the destruction of
slavery, or a separation, and a new Union without
slavery. It was the wicked combination of these
two classes which prevented any compromise in
1860. I undertake to assert had either the Crit-
tenden resolutions or those of the peace congress
in Washington been adopted by Congress there
would have been no secession, no war.
If slavery has had any influence in the inaugu-
ration of the present war, it is because the aboli-
tionists and the sectional politicians made an un-
just and unconstitutional attack upon the institu-
tion. The institution itself, created by State law,
was incapable of action to the prejudice of any
section of the Union. Neither have the slaves
or their owners made or threatened to make war
upon any other section or interest of the Union.
Sir, I appeal to history,! appeal to the records
of your Government. They will testify that the
slavcholding States, in every hour of tiial which
our I ountry has had, in every conflict with a for-
eign nation, have notonly contributed their means
of war, but have baptized the battle-fields with the
patriot blood of their sons.
You who speak of the slave power as arrogant,
as dangerous to liberty and peace, tell me if Wash-
ington, Madison, Jefferson, Monroe, Jackson,
Polk, and their associates, usurped power or
made warupon the interestsofthebnitedStatesor
any section of the Union. Every war which has
been waged foi the defense of the nation's honor
has been successful when the Government was
administered by slaveholders. Every enlarge-
ment of our territory, every act calculated to ad-
vance the happiness and maintain the dignity, I
will say the glory, of this nation, will find its
origin and completion in a Democratic adminis-
tration, when the executive department was filled
bv citizens from the South.
The idea that slavery was the cause of this war
is of recent growth in this House; certainly very
recent in the White House. It is an idea origin-
ating with abolitionists and "pressed" into the
President. He took it by absorption. The hard
" pressure" of which he complained has borne
him down, and for his support he now leans upon
that friend of all tyrants and usurpers, "general
military necessity." The conservative men have
now not only to fight the rebels, but they have to
contend against the usurpation of this irresponsi-
ble monster, " military necessity."
Mr. Speaker, the object and purposes of this
war, on the part of the United States, so obvious
and legitimate in its commencement, have, by the
unholy power and influence of the abolition par-
ty, been changed. It is due to the nation, due to
the Christian world, and to humanity, that these
original purposes and objects of this war shall be
stated and preserved. The truth of history re-
quires it. That this war was commenced by the
people of the South is a fact that cannot bo de-
nied with truth. I have thought that it might
have been avoided by a proper statesmanship on
the part of the administration of Mr. Buchanan
or Mr. Lincoln. The United States, after the at-
tack upon Fort Sumter, were forced to accept the
war thus commenced. It was the duty cf theex-
, ecutive power of the Government to suppress
the rebellion, to maintain the Constitution and
the Union, and to enforce the laws of the United
States. The President, feeling the force of this
obligation, issued his proclamation in April, 1861,
for seventy-five thousand volunteers " to defend
| the capital, to recapture the forts, and to enforce
l the laws."
