1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
believed by James Buchanan and the men who
acted with him, the leading conspirators of the
South, that it could be accomplished.
Mr. President, what goes to make this still more
certain is the declaration made by Mr. Buchanan's
own representative m the convention when he was
nominated. I refer to Mr. Black, of Pennsylva-
nia, who, turning himself to the delegates who
then were just as much in favor of secession as
they are tb-day—turning to the very men who
for thirty years had been engaged in this conspir-
acy to overturn this Government, what said Mr,
Black in behalf of Mr. Buchanan? "If the South
shall withdraw from the Union, Pennsylvania will
join the South;" and be quoted the beautiful lan-
guage of Ruth to Naomi, looking these secession-
ists in the face: " Whither thou goest 1 will go;
and where thou lodgest I will lodge; thy people
shall be my people,and thy God my God. Where
thou diest will I die; and there will 1 be buried."
Mr. President, this was the conspiracy to which
James Buchanan was a party with the leading
secessionists of the South, not the Democracy ot
the North; for I have said, over and over again,
and I believe it, that three fourths, yea, nine
tenths, of the Democracy of the North are loyal
to the tjnion; but I do charge upon Mr. Buch-
anan and the leading secessionists, that this was
their conspiracy, and to carry it out they had
been acting from the beginning of his adminis-
tration.
Mr. President, I have referred to what I under-
stand to be the true issue, and when that issue is
presented to the people of Indiana and lo the peo-
ple of Illinois, and to the people of Ohio, and
they understand what the real truth is, ihat we
are now engaged in a death struggle to determine
the question whether this Constitution shall live
and maintain itsauthority overall the Statesof the
Union, or whether Jeff Davis shall triumph——■
Mr. RICE. Permit me to ask tilt honorable
Senator's opinion of Greeley.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will give it on a proper
occasion.
Mr. RICE. I think this is the very occasion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman asks my
opinion of Mr. Greeley. I am perfectly trank to
state it; I have no opinion that I conceal any-
where. I regard the course pursued by the New
York Tribune after the election of Mr. Lincoln,
in 1860, and previous to the meeting of Congress
in December of that year, as having been among
the most unfortunate occurrences that preceded
the breaking out of the rebellion, mischievous in
in its tendency, and I will state why. The New
York Herald was regarded as the great organ of
the Democratic party, and day aftei day the New
York Herald was saying to the people of the
South, " if you go off from the Union, and the
friends of Mr. Lincoln shall undertake by force
to subject you to its authority, the Democracy of
the North will rise in arms, and no Republican
soldier shall ever be permitted to leave one of the
free States." This was the language of the Her-
ald, holding out to the South the belief that the
Democracy of the North wese prepared to fight
against their own country, and that the civil war,
if it existed at all, would exist in the free States.
The New York Tribune, it seems to mo, almost
equally unfortunate, said, " if they wont to go, let
them go." Here was the New York Tribune,
claiming to be a leader of the great Republican
party, saying, in substance, to the secessionists,
" if you go, the Republicans will not fight you;"
and here was the Herald saying, "if you go, the
Republicans shall not fight you; for we will fight
the Republicans;" and it was the influence of
these two presses, working upon the mmdsof the
secessionists of the South, that made the seces-
sionists believe that they could enter upon and
could carry through their attempt to reconstruct
the Union without any war at all.
Mr. LATH A M. I rise to a point of order, sir.
My point of order is, whether it is proper and
according to the rules of this body to discuss the
New York Herald and Tribune on a motion to
refer this bill to the Military Committee? [Laugh-
ter.1
Mr. RICE. I hope my friend will withdraw
that point. . ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chair the Senator from Wisconsin is not ill
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say 
The VICE PRESI DENT. The impression of
the Chair is that this sort of debate applied to this
bill is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that on
motions to refer the widest latitude has always
been given to defeate. On motions to refer the
President's message, for instance 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that it is beyond the proper scope of
debate.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senator have the
consent of the Senate to proceed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Further than this, the Sen-
ator from Minnesota asked me a question and
asked me to reply to it.
Mr. RICE. I have another question to ask my
friend, which I shall be very glad to have him
answer if he is prepared to answer it now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 should like to know
whether the matter is to be pursued, whether or
not I am to be allowed to go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin have liberty to proceed. If there be no objec-
tion he may proceed. The Chair hears none.
Mr. RICE. Then 1 should like to ask my
friend, as he has given his opinion in regard to
various journals, to state his opinion ill regard to
the conduct of the honorable Secretary of State in
permitting the French minister to go to Rich-
mond, and sending by him messages to Jeffer-
son Davis and the other leaders of the rebellion.
I should like to have his opinion in regard to the
propriety of the course pursued by the honorable
Secretary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. FOSTER. With the greatest respect for
both the honorable Senators, I submit tiiat such
discussions are out of order, and I object to the
answering of the question.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has de-
cided that the range which the debate has taken is
out of order; but the Senator from Wisconsin was
permitted to go on by the unanimous consent of
the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. It was so; but in regard to the
question now proposed, I raise the question of
order that it is out of order to answer such a ques-
tion, and I must object to it.
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was not proceeding to
I answer the question, certainly after the ruling of
I the Chair. I simply made the remark that under
i motions to refer the widest latitude had always
been given in debate, and on motions to refer the
President's message the question has been dis-
cussed for weeks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not deem it his duty to raise any question of
order of this kind; but when it was raised by a
member, the Chair could not fail to say that in
his opinion this scope of debate had no pertinency
to the question before the Senate.
Mr. RICE. The Senate then gave its unani-
mous consent.
'Itie VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
undeistood.
Mr. RICE. And since that time the debate
has not proceeded.
Mr. FOSTER. I know the Senate gave unan-
imous consent for the Senator to proceed; but I
suppose the consent was, of course, to proceed in
order, subject to the rules of order. The honor-
. able Senator from Minnesota has propounded an
ii inquiry which, with entire respect for him, I must
j| say involyes what seems to me to be out oi order
I oil til is subject; that is to say, the answer would
i involve matter out of order. I therefore take the
! objection.
" ''fhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
!i Wisconsin has not indicated that he will answer it.
i! Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope he
i| will answer it. I do not think there is more than
|i one opinion in the Senate about it.
jj Mr. FOSTER. It certainly is very unneces-
I sary to answer it if there be but one opinion re-
■! specting it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not intend ever to
transgress the rules of the Senate; and after the
question has been raised upon me about being out
of
UVfVIVO IIMV   * | £
f order myself, I do not propose to go on out ot
~rder, even with the consent of the Senate. I pro-
pose to confine myself, if I understand the ^J^s
of the Senate, to speak within those rules. 1 did
not understand that I was out of order in pursu-
ing a wide latitude of discussion upon a-rtjotfoyj
to refer, though 1 know certain motions are tp tie
decided without debate. 1 shall not trespass upo$
the Senate, even with their consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I fca4
intended to submit some remarks in reply to
Senator from Michigan. As the Senator has, s
however, intimated, and the Chair has decids^.,
that that line of remarks which I should deem i£
my duty to pursue would be out of order, I h&ve
only risen for the purpose of saying to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that I shall hereafter, so soon
as it is in order, certainly pay my respects to him,
and reply to much that he has said here to-day to
which I deem it my duty to reply.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, the Senator from Wisconsin says he dpfs
not like to put any burden upon the Committee
on Military Affairs, lean assuie the Senator that
I am ready to take any amount of labor upon u?e
in regard to this bill. The Senator, however,
made a suggestion that may make an impression
here, and that is, in regard to embodying in this
bill the rules and regulations for bringing outthfe
militia of the country. Sir, that has been a sub-
ject of serious consideration, and I do not believe
it possible to be put in this bill; and the reason
is, that there is such a variety of laws and usages
in the several States, that we must to a consider-
able extent adapt ourselves in bringing out the
soldiers to the rules and regulations adopted in
the several States. But, sir, the motion is to re-
commit this bill to the Military Committee, and
I am willing it shall go there. I hope it will go
without occupying further time of the session to*
night.
The motion to recommit the bill was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask Wve of the Senate to
present a memorial. It is addressed to the dele-
gation from California, but it really is a memorial
to Congress, dated in San Francisco to-day, in re-
spect to House bill No. 620, a bill introduced to
amend an act entitled "An act to facilitate com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific Stau^s
by electric telegraph," approved June 18, 18G0.
I move that the memorial, which is from the Pa-
cific Telegraph Comparty, He on the table and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEERS AND DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. COWAN. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate, if compatible with the public interest, as to the
number of volunteers and drafted men actually raised and
mustered into the seivice of the Uuiicd States by the sev-
eral States of the Union, and the times when their term*
of service may have expired or will hereafter expire.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PAY OF TROOPS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives extending the act of the last ses-
sion in regard to paying the troops in Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hojje that it may be
taken up. I had risen myself for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate a«
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) to revive "An
act to secuie to the officers and men actually em-
ployed m the Western department, or department
of Missouri, their pny, bounty, and pension, and
for other purposes." The provisions of a joint
resolution " to suspend all payments under the
act approved March 25, 1862, entitled 'An act to
secure to the officers and men actually employed
in the Western department, ordepartment of Mis-
souri, their pay, bounty, and pension, and for
other purposes,' " approved July 12, 1862, are
by this resolution to be revived, and the commis-
sioners therein provided for are to be allowed six
months from the passage of this resolution within
which to make their report.
Mr. DAVIS. After the word " Missouti,"in
this joint resolution, I move to insert the words
"and the State of Kentucky."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will vsay
to the Senator from Kentucky that this is a joint
resolution to extend a bill passed last year, under
which commissioneis were appointed to investi-
gate these rnseu in Missouri, The time in which
