1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cons....3d Sess.
Origin and Objects of the War—Mr. WicHiffe.
Ho. op Reps.
captured in command of slaves. A Turkish pun-
ishment will be his portion; and, awful as it is, it
will be deserved.
The Secretary has an able coadjutor in the
chairman of Waysand Means. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is bold and open. He was the
first in the House to avow his wish to arm the
slaves in this war. He said in substance, the other
day, when some of his party denounced his prin-
ciple, that in legislating to suppress the rebellion
the Constitution did not control his action, and
ought not to control the action of the Congress;
that the speeded States are out of the Union; they
have broken and disregarded the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and therefore are not
entitled to the protection of life, liberty, or prop-
erty,andthatindealingwiththem we should regard
them as outlaws, and not feel ourselves, as mem-
bers of Congress, restrained by the Constitution.
%his principle, when plainly stated, struck with
horror so me of the radicals, and called forth a burst
of eloquentdenunciation from the gentleman from
New York, and others. The chaitman, nothing
daunted, coolly replied that upon this subject he
had for fifteen years been a long way ahead of his
party, but they had always overtaken him, and
they would overtake him upon this question very
soon. Sir, they are up with him now. They can
find no justification, no constitutional power, for
the many radical measures for which they hav$$
voted, unless it is to be found in the " Stevens
principle"—" military necessity, and the Consti-
tution ignored." The member from Pennsylva-
nia is triumphant. He has driven Greeley from
the field as the commander-in-chief of the aboli-
tion legions. Greeley is now supplicating Na-
poleon to interpose his power to stop the horrid
war, which the new policy of the gentleman
threatens upon the defenseless population of the
South. The Secretary of State has renounced
His opinions given to Europe upon the subject of
slavety, and-now makes war upon slaveiy. The
proclamation of September, 1862, failed to excite
the slaves to revolt. He has convinced the Pres-
ident and his advisers that the Stevens principle,
"military necessity, and the Constitution ig-
nored," was the true one to insure success. Well
may the gentleman rejoice to-night at his success.
His party has overtaken him. He tells us tri-
umphantly that had his advice been followed, and
the slaves armed twelve months ago, the rebellion
would have been crushed.
As a justification for the passage of this bill, he
has read to us lcsolutions which he says were
presented by Mr. Foote in the confedciato con-
gress. These are not the only foolish resolutions
with which a congress has been cursed since the
rebellion commenced. If I am notmistaken, this
is the same Mr. Foote who made a violent phys-
ical assault upon a Senator from Pennsylvania in
the Senate of the United States. He aimed a blow
at him with such violence, at the distance of ten
feet, that he nns.sed his nmik and knocked him-
self down. Foote, I hope, is in one respect like
the member ftom Pennsylvania, with the people
of Ins State against him.
The member from Pennsylvania has again de-
clared on this floor thata large poi tion of the Army
will be mustered out of the service in the spring,
and that he verily believes that the Government
could not raise fifty thousand volunteers m the
entire North; that a draft is out of the question,
and that it cannot be enforced. Therefore it is
necessary that this bill should pass. He tuld us
the other day that the United States could not
subjugate the South without the aid of this negro
force. I cannot let ihw libel upon the patriotism
of the people of the United States pass without
entering my dissent and protest. This statement,
if true, should not have been made in this House
in open debate. It is well calculated to give the
enemy aid and comfort; and if it had been uttered
oi published by any other person than an aboli-
tionist, he would have been incaiceiated as a po-
litical prisoner, and denied the privilege of the
habeas corpus, under the President's proclamation.
Mr. Speaker, what has become of the volun-
teers in Massachusetts whirh Governor Andiew
sold would line the load from Boston to Washing-
ton by thousands, if the President would but an-
nounce, by proclomation,the freedom of the slave?
Where are Greeley's nine hundred thousand that
were impatient to come, if the liberty of the slave
was but proclaimed? The fact is, and the gentle-
man knows it, that the conservative Union men
of the North are opposed to making this an abo-
lition war. I will not say what is the opinion of
the soldiers in the field. They volunteered to
fight under the old flag for the Constitution and
the Union. They were not told they were to ex-
pose their lives in battle against the hosts of the
South to free the black man, and to subjugate and
destroy the white man. Abandon your abolition
policy ! Rccall your proclamation ! Again avow
to the people and to the Christian world—
"That in this national emergency Congress will forget
all feelings of mere passion oi resentment, and will recol-
lect only its duty to the country ; that the war is not waged
on our part in any spirit of oppression, nor in any spirit of
conquest or subjugation, nor lor the purpose of overthrow-
ing or interfering with the rights ot established institutions
of those Stale*,"but to defend and maintain the supremacy
of the Constitution, ami preserve the Union, wilh all the
dignity, equality, and lights of the several State*, and as
soon as those objects aie attained the war ought to cease."
Do this. Dismiss your Cabinet generals from
office. Recall to the service the able, brave, and
accomplished officers you have removed from
command, and my word for it, the national heart
will again pulsate, the brave will again rally to the
rescue and save the country from disgrace.
On the 22d and 24th of September, 1862, the
President issued two pioelamations. That of the
22d proposed, or promised, that on the 1st of Jan-
uary he would consummate the work of abolition,
and fiee three million slaves in the rebellious
States. By that of the 24th he threatened the lib-
erty of twenty million white inhabitants in the
loyal States, and placed them under mailml law.
The power of the President to issue either of those
proclamation^ is denied by jurists, judges, and
statesmen. It is against the Constitution, the laws
of nations, and the rules of civilized warfare.
Before 1 proceed to consider the constitution-
ality or policy of these extraordinary papers, I
ask the privilege of referring to the President's
own opinion, as given and reported by the holy
men of Chicago, who visited him and <k pressed"
him to issue his proclamation, and free their black
brethren of the South. The reply of the Pres-
ident was short, sensible, and pertinent:
"What good would a proclamation from me do, espe-
cially as we are now situated ? 1 do not want to issue a
document that the whole woild will sec must nccest-auly
be mopcMdtive, like the Pope's bull against the comet.
"Would my wotd ftee the -lave*. \vh« n I cannot even en-
force the Constitution on the rebel States ? Is there a sin-
gle couit or magtsuate or individual that would be In-
llueneod by it? And wiiat reason is there to think that it
would have a greater effect upon the slaves than the law of
Congie^ which I approved, and winch offers protection
•and liecdom to the Mtves of ri bel masters who conic within
our hues? Yet I cannot learn that the law ha  caused a
•jingle slave to come over to us.
kt And suppose they could be induced by a proclamation
of freedom to ooino over to us, what would we do wilh
them? How can we feed and eaie toi such a multitude?
General Butlei wiote me, a few days since, that lie was
issuing moie rations to the slaves who iiave lushed to him
than to ;ill the white troop> nnder his command.''
In his reply the President did say, also, that
he raised no objection to it on legal or constitu-
tional grounds, " for, os Commander-in-Chief of
the Aimy and Navy in time of war I suppose I
have n right to take any measure which may best
subdue the enemy." The proclamation, how-
ever, was not long withheld. The Chicago party
could not "press" hard enough, but the abolition
Governors did the woik. Theymetat Altoona.
The proclamation was issued just before this
heavy pressure was made. Those proclamations,
which threaten the destruction of property and
overthrow of persona! and public liberty, should
be kept before the people. I cannot in this de-
bate give more than the substance of each. Proc-
lamation No. 1 declares the black man free:
That on the 1st day of January, in the year of oui Lord
18H3, all pi r-oiis Ivhl as slaves u nliin au> Slate oi desig-
nated pait or' a Stale, the people thereof Miall then be m
icixilion against the United States, shall be then, thence-
forward, and torever free; and the executive Government
of the United State-, ineludm^ the military and naval
authority thereof, will reeoirmzc and maintain the freedom
ot '•uch person-,, and will do no act or acts to reptess such
persons, or any of them, in any efforts they may make for
their actual fieedom 55
Pioclamation No. 2 declares the white men
slaves to his power. lie states the necessity for
calling more troops into the service m these words:
u Whereas it has become necessary to call into scivice
not only volunteers, but also purtions of the militia of the
States by draft, in order to suppress the insurrection existing
in the United States,and disloyal personsare not adequately
restrained by tiie ordinar&processes of law from hindering
this measure, and from giving aid and comfort, in various
ways, to the insurrection : Now, therefore, be it ordered,
"First. That during the existing insurrection, and as a
necessary measure lor suppressing the same, all rebels and
insurgents, their aiders and abettors, within the United
States, and all persons discouraging volunteer enlistments,
resisting militia drafts, or guilty of any disloyal practice,
affording aid and comfoit to the lebels against the authority
of the United States, shall be subject to martini'law, and
liable to trial and punishment by courts-martial or military
commission.
" Second. That the writ of habeas corpus is suspended in
respect to all peisons anested,or who are now, or hereafter
during the rebellion shall be, imprisoned in any fort, camp,
arsenal, military pi ison, or other place of confinement, by
any rpiiuary authority, or by the sentence of any court-
uicutia! or mihtaiy commission.55
Thus our Republican President, forgetting that
his powers are exclusively executive, and not
legislative, becomes a law-giver, a law-maker—-
creates the offense and tries and punishes the crim-
inal. The abolition of slavery, by his proclama-
tion, is a legislative act; it abrogates and repeals
State constitutions and State laws and ignores the
Constitution of the United States.
The second proclamation is also the exercise of
a legislative power—the indefinite suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, the threatened punish-
ment by a decree, and the offense not defined.
Caligula, the tyrant, published his penal code, but
hung it so high it could not be read. Our Repub-
lican President does not even write or print what
act shall constitute a disloyal practice. He con-
ceals in his own breast what he will declare dis-
loyal practices for the use of the military com-
mission under his control.
I will not discuss the question of the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, whether it is an ex-
ecutive or legislative power. I deny that any
power but a law-making power has the right to
suspend a law. Thank God the people have been
awakened at the many extraordinary arrests and
wrongs committed on their fellow-citizens. They
have spoken in tones of thunder. They should
be obeyed by their servants. Mark what I sayj
you who ignore the people's voice, constitution-
ally expressed; you who ignore thepeople's Con-
stitution ; you who shape your legislation and war
measures to divide up old States, to make new
ones, or to make territorial governments out of
old States; you who threaten subjugation and an-
nihilation of the white population, and the eleva-
tion of the negro; you who declare this Union
shall not be restored, this war shall not cease,
peace shall not smile upon our land until every
slave is freed, assume an awful responsibility. A
cheated and wronged people will in time right all
things and settle your account.
Mr. Speaker, the President issues a proclama-
tion of freedom to three million negroes not in his
possession, nor owned by the Government, whose
agent he professes to be. He orders the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, imprisons the citizen
without warrant, affidavit, or public charge, and
denies him, under a threat to prolong his confine-
ment if he dares seek if, the aid of counsel. This
he supposes a measure " which may best subdue
the enemy." From his judgment of supposition
there is no appeal; there is no mode left for the
incarcerated citizen to try the strength or legality
of the executive supposition, under which he
pines in some distant, filthy dungeon of a military
fort or bustile. The President's idea is that mil-
itary Jaw, when proclaimed by him or any other
commander-in-chief, oven ides, nullifies, and ab-
rogates the constitutions and laws of the States,
and the invading general may do anything which
he supposes will best subdue the enemy. Under
this power he may destroy private property, may
devastate whole States, kill and murder the men
and women at home, because they are laboring to
raise corn and meat and making clothing which
may find its way to the enemy.
At the last session of Congress I discussed the
constitutional question involved in the confiscation
and emancipation act. The question was ably dis-
cussed by others, and to an impartial pubiicjudg-
ment an appeal was made. The verdict has been
rendered. I shall have to travel over most ofthe
! same ground m the few remarks I shall make
upon this new and untried assumption of power,
in the land of constitutional Government, State
and national.
