"742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
tics 5 for promoting agricultural and ruralcconomy; and the
procurement, propagation, and disiuhutioii of cuttings and
seeds of new and uselul varieties; and for tho introduction
and protection ot insectivorous birds; and lor tho purpose
of establbhmg a laboratory, with the necessary appmatus,
for practical and scientific experiments in agricultural
chemistiy; and lor paying the clerks and employes and con-
tingent expenses necessary in said Depai unenf, $80,000;
am? $3,000 of which appropriation shall be for encouraging
the culture of cotton and tobacco.
For investigations to test the practicability of cultivating
and preparing flax and hemp as a substitute for cotton,
$20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS I will say in regard to that
amendment, that the Committee of Ways and
Means were not entirely satisfied 
The SPEAKER.. No debate is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the previous question
been ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. I was not aware of it. ,
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 33, insert after the word Columbia, in the para-
graph, l* For salaries and other neces^iry expeiw< oi the
metropolitan police for the District of Columbia, $U0,00l), 
as follows:
Including the same annual compensation ($2f>0) to each
of the two ex officio tnenibt;r?< of the Dourtl ot Police fiom
the organization thereof. Ansu-t 19, IS61, as is allowed by
law to the CommifMoners of Police.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
rhended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike out section^ two, three, four,and five, to the end
of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the s-alarv of the
Assistant Secietary of State shall be the same as the As-
sistant Secretary oi the Navy, being $4,00U, to commence
with the present li-cul year.
Sec. 3. And he it farther enacted, That, in addition to
the clerical and othei torce now authorized by law m the
Tiea^nry Department ami it* bureau--, the tary ot tho
Treasony is hereby authorized to appointas follows : hi the
office of the Second Auditor of lite Tiea-iny, ihiec clerks
of class lour, eight ol clus s three, iwelve ot cla-s two, one
asquint messenger at $700, and our hibop-i at p r
annum; in the office of the Tlnid Auditoi ol tlie Tioa-m\,
foui clerks of class loui, foui ei-*ik.> oi' cla-s three, fom
Clerks of cbit-s two, and eight eh rk> ot c ia*s one.
See. 4. And be it J ait her evaded, That the following ad
ditional cleiicid toieo lie, and the .same heieby, .iuLIioi
Jzed : In the office ol the As-i-tanl Ticalmer at !5<)>ton, one
cleik,.'§1,^00; in the odiee of tho A^ihtantTicns.urrr at New
York, cleiU-v, mes^engeis, kei'pej,and laboiei^, ^'rf,700; m
tlie office of the tica^urer of the Mint, a? depoMiai \, in lieu
of the clerk*- hennol'oic authoi./,' d, eleikh and ine-M'nsei,
$.'>,500; in the office ol the A-sNtam Tteuxnrer aPSt. Louks,
messenger, watchmen, and lahoier, $2,000.
.Sec. 5. *flnd bcit fuythcr enactcJ, Tfiat three additional
clerks of the fir.-t class and tiiree ot thc*ccoml eta-s bran
thonzed lor the office of the Seeietai.v of the Navy ; one
chief cleik and three second ela^ cleric foi tlie IJineau of
Oulnance; two dr^t clas-s cleiks and two j-econd class
clerks lor tho Hurean of Provision* and Clothing. And that
a laborer be auihorlzed for each of tin? Unreau^of Medicine
and Surgery, Equipment and Kecruilnig, and Navigation,
at a salary of ,§(>00 eueh, and two additional night watch-
men for the Navy Depaiunent, at .$1)00 each, and that the
sum of$92,000 be, appropriated therefor.
For tin* payment ol twenty clerks, in addition to those
now authored m the P''iwon Olhee, $30,0a0 loi the cur-
rent fiscal year.
And insert in lieu thereof, as follows :
Sec. —. And be it juithci cnadcd< That, in addition tn
the clerical force now authorized by law, the lollowmg
clnks and employes are heieby autlioii/.ed in the several
Departments and offices hereinafter specified, to he cm
ployed and continue only during the rebellion, and tor one
year after Us close, namely :
In the office ol tlie Secretary of the Ticanny, five elnks
of class four.
Inthcothccof the Second Auditor of the Treasury, three
clerks of cla^s four, eight of cla^s tiiree, twelve ot class
two, one assistant ines&enc':r at a salary ot tf'OU, and one
laborer at a s^alaiv of §600 per annum.
in the office of the Third Auditor of the Treasury, viv
clerks of class, four, seven of class three, nine of class-" two,
and eighteen of class one.
In tlie office ot the Assistant Treasurer at Morton, one
clerk, at a salary of $1,2JO per annum.
In the office t>f tlie Assistant Treasurer at New York,
clerk, mebf-enger^, keepei, and laborers, whose salari<s m
the aggregate shall not exceed $«,?Ck).
In the office of the treasurer of the Mint as depos-itaty,
In lieu of tin; clerks heietufoie authorised, clerks and miv
souser, whose salaiies m the aggregate shall not exceed
$5,500.
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis,
messenger, watchman, and laborer, whose salaries in the
aggregate shall not exceed &2.000.
In the office of the Secretary ol the Navy, three clerkt  of
the first class, and three of the second claas.
In the Ordnance Bureau of the Navy, one chief clerk,
and three clerks of the second class.
In the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, two clerks of
the first cla-ss, and two of the second class.
In each of the Bureaus-of Medicine and Surgery, Equip-
ment and Recruiting, and Navigation, one laborer, at an
annual salary of $600,
9ft the Navy Department, two additional night watchmen,
each at an annual salary of §600. ^
la the Pension Office, thiee clerks class four, four
clerics of class three, lour clerks of class two, nine clerics
o! class one, one additional assistant messenger at a salary
of $700 per annum, and one additional laborer at a salary
of $600 per annum for the current year; five clerks of
class four, six clerk5! of class three, eight clerks of class
two, and sixteen clerks of class one, one additional assist-
ant messenger at a salary of $700, and one additional la-
borer at a salary o( $800 per annum for the fi&ca! year end-
in? June 30,1864.
For the office of the Quartermaster General, four clerks
of ckif-s four, ninety cleiks of class one, and thirty copy lets,
and six laborers at an annual compensation ol .$600each.
And the several clerks and other employes authoi ized by
this section shall be appointed by the heads of the several
Departments to which they are severally attached, and tho
amount necessary to pay their salaries, from the time of
their appointment, for the fiscal year ending June JO, 1863,
and for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18S4, is heieby ap
piopriated therefor.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing contained
in the third section of the act " making supplemental ap-
propriations for the year ending June 30,1862, and for other
purposes," approved July 16, 186*2, shall be construed to
increase the salaries of the Superintendent of the Census
or the Assistant Postmasters General.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence m the amendment.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I should like to
know the dilfeicnce between the amendment of
the Senate and the original bill. I suppose that*
the amendment of the Senate is moved to be non-
concured in because it does not increase the sal-
ary of tlie Assistant Secretary of State. I would
like to have an answer to my question.
Mr. STEVENS.. If I am allowed, 1 will give
the answer asked for. There are some two bun-
dled clerks provided for, but they are classified
differently from what communications to the Com-
mitter of Ways and Menus requested that they
should be. We thought itbi at to non-cpneur in
the amendment to let it go to a committee of con-
ference,and there to arrange ibis matter so that it
will meet with thenpprobation of the Departments
and best subserve the public inteiest.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Senate amendment to the title of the bill:
Amend -o that it will read : "An act making appropria-
tions fm the executive, legislative, and judicnd < .\p 'ti-.es
of the Goveinmiiit foi the year ending the 3d(h or June,
1851, and lor the year ending the 3Jth of June, 1633," and
lor other put po-es.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that there be a com
nut tee of conference on the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on this bill.
The motion was agteed to.
WASHINGTON AND N1SW YORK RAILROAD.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Mouse to report from the special commit-
tee on the subject, a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a national military and postal rail-
way from the city of Washington to the city of
New Yoik.
Mr. PERLIY. I object.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. After the action of the House
a few days since on the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections in reference to the right
of Mr. Vande\er to a seat in this House, it be-
came necessary foi the Committee of Elections to
report back the papers submitted by Mr. Bying-
ton, the contestant, and to ask to be discharged
from their further consideration. I am instructed
to make that report at such time as the House
will consent to let Mr. Byington be heard on a
point not presented to the House, and on which
there has been no consideration in the House: that
is on the point whether Mr. Vandever ever was
elected to this House. It was claimed by him,
and was made the ground for contest to some ex-
tent, that Mr. Vandevei never was elected to this
House at all, and that therefore he had no right
to a seat upon this floor. On that point, the com-
mittee nof agreeing with him, when the case was
submitted to the House I made no comment at
all. It is customary in all cases to permit the con-
testant to be heard, if he desires it. At the time
the case was up before the House the House did
not seem to be in a temper to permit discussion
to any great length; and it was owing to what 1
supposed to be the temper-of the Houae at that
time that I did not give him an opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the proceedings of the
contest by Mr. Byington of the seat of Mr. Van-
dever in the Thirty-Seventh Congress were insti-
tuted under the law of Congress?
Mr. DAWES. I merely ask in behalf of the
contestant that he may have the usual courtesy
extended, to him that has been extended to every
contestant to argue that point. I will answer the
inquiry of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
He asks whether this contest has been instituted
by this contestant under the provisions of the
statute of the United States. I answer that it has
not, for a plain reason. This House has utterly-
refused, on one or two occasions, when the Com-
mittee of Elections cittempted to hold it to the pro-
visions of that statute; and the House has refused
to hold the contestants to the provisions of that
statute. In this particular case it was utterly
impossible to conform to the provisions of that'
statute. The first is, that notice of contest shall
be served thirty days after the certificate was
granted to Mr. Vandever. This contestant was
not in such a position as to give that notice for
under a vear.
Mr. BINGHAM. Why?
Mr. DAWES. For this reason: he docs not
claim that he was elected, but that nobody was
elected when Mr. Vandever received this certifi-
cate, because, as the contestant claims, no elec-
tion could be held during that year; but that it
was properly held the next year when he was
elected. Therefore the law of Congress could not
apply to the case.
1 only ask that Mr. Byington shall be heard.
I now make the report from the Committee of
Elections, that it be disehaiged from the further
consideration of the papers of the contestant in
this case*, and I ask that the contestant be heard
by the llouse on this matter.
Mr. COX. I have a resolution that I think \yill
brin<r the case before the House, so that Mr. By-
ington may be hcaid.
Mr. DAWES. Whatever may be the report
on the case, I hope that the contestant will not be
refused an opportunity to be heard. It has never
I)<• fore been done. Gentlemen need not be alarmed,
for I do not. piopose to go into a geneial discus-
sion of the case.
The SPEAKER. There is a rule of the House
allowing contestants to be heard in their own
case«.
Mr. DAWES. Butthiscontestanthas not had
that courtesy extended to him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How long does he want?
Mr. DAWES. Not very long.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to bring the sub-
ject before the House on the resolution of the S' n-
tleman fiom Ohio; but I ask that its consideration
be postponed for three or four days, in order that
we may finish the appropriation bills and send
them to the Senate. It would be a convenience
to the public business to po&tpono it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to press it
against the public business.
Mr. COX. 1 ask the gentleman to yield to me
for the purpose of moving my resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That William Vandever was not duly elected
a* fi member of Congress foi the second district of "the State
of Iowa.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that resolution;
and 1 rise to a point of order: that the resolution
reported from the Committee of Elections on this
case has been postponed to a day certain. This
is the converse of that resolution, and I hold that
the question cannot be brought up in that way.
Mr. DAWES. The resolution postponed to a
day certain was on a different point. This does
not conflict with it at all. The resolution post-
poned to a day certain was not that Mr. Vandever
was not elected to this House, hut that after hav-
ing been elected he had vacated his seat. This is
a resolution that Mr. Vandever was not elected,
and that therefore he is not entitled to a seat upon
this floor. I reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions the papers of Mr. Byington, in which he
contests Mr. Vandever's right to a seat upon this
floor. I am willing that the subject shall be post-
poned to a day certain, when the contestant might
be heard.
