90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
oTm Cong....3d Sess.
Origin and Objects of the War—Mr. V/ickliffe.
Ho. of Eeps.
The partisans of the President do not claim that
bo has anj' constitutional power to issue this proc-
lamation of freedom. The President himseif
" supposes, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy in time of war, he has the right to take
any measure which may best subdue the enemy."
Thus we have the only source of power plainly
stated by him who is to execute it. Whatever
act or measure he may suppose to be best, he has
a light to adopt and pursue. He has a right to
ignore the Constitution which he has sworn to
observe and protect, if lie supposes a particular
measuie, if'done, is best to subdue the enemy.
He starts out with proclaiming military law in
States and places where he has no army as a meas-
ure " which may best subdue the enemy." The
Turchins, the Butlers, and the Curtises may be
turned loose upon a defenseless, non-combating
population, unrestrained by any law, if destruction
and rapine will, in their opinion, best subdue the
enemy. There may be hell-hounds in any army
unrestrained by the laws of man or God, who
will enrich themselves from the stores of tin? pri-
vate citizen. " It will best subdue the enemy."
Mr. Speaker, I must do the President the jus-
tice to conjecture that he had not reflected upon
the act, or the consequences of the act, of extend-
ing martial law over any State, and the people
thereof, of this Union, ft was the suggestion of
some shoulder-strap man who, perhaps, never lead
the Constitution he was sworn to support. I~Ie
should have asked himself, if not his law adviser,
" what is martial law?" I cannot better answer
that question than by reading from the admirable
treatise of Judge Curtis on executive power:
" Maitial law is the will of a military commander, oper-
ating witliont any 1 extnunt, save his judgment, upun tlio
lives, upon the pioperty, upon the entire soeuil and indi-
vidual condition of :ili over whom this law extends.''
In the case of Luther ys. Borden, (7 Howard,
62,) Judge Woodbury, in the opinion delivered
by him, says:
By it fthat i->, martial law] every citizen, instead of
reposing undei the shield of known and fixed laws, as to his
libui), piopertv, and hie, exists with n tope mound his
iKjck, suiueet lo be hung by a militaiy despot, at the next
laiup-post, under the sentence of some dium-head court-
martial."
The learned judge refers to the proclamation
of mtutial law by Q,ueen Mary of England, as an
instance of the abuse of power. The queen put
m force, by proclamation merely, and declared
that " whosoever had in his possession any he-
retical, treasonable, or seditious books, and did
not presently burn them, without reading them,
or showing them to any other person, should be
esteemed a rebel; and, without any further delay,
be executed by the martial law." The case un-
der consideration of the court arose under martial
law declaied in this country. The judge, furthei
remarking upon the extraordinary claim for the
right to proclaim ji, ways:
<  For convincing reasons, in every country which make*
any claim to political or civil hbeity, maitial law as here
attempted, atid as once purticed in England, against her
own people, has been '\\pte-sly torludden there tor near two
centimes, well bv the principle ot eveiy other tree
eoiifctiuitioua! Government."
The Petition of Right, in the first year of Charles
I, reprobated ail such arbitrary proceedings, and
prayed (ley should be stopped. They were
stopped. Putting in force martial law by the king
alone was nut only restiained by the Petition of
Right eatly in the seventeenth century, but virtu-
ally denied as lawful by the Declaration of Rights,
in 1GS8 The Piesidenthos disregarded the dis-
tinction between militaiy law and martial law.
Military law in this country is tint law-sysiem
enacted by Congress for the government of the
Army and j\\ivy and the militia when m the ser-
vice ot the United States, it alV-'ds and controls
neither the piopeity nor person of the citizen.
Martial law can only exist and be enforced within
the military camp; it does not extend beyond the
limits of the actual military physical powers of
the Army.
Mr. Speaker, if the people and their agents will
hut obsei ve and understand the just limits of mili-
tary power, we are strong enough, as a Govern-
ment, under the powers granted by the Constitu-
tion, to carry on this or any other war without
the destruction of these great free principles of
our Government. They must not, and, with the
help of the people, they shall not be destroyed.
Under and by virtue of the Constitution, the
President ex officio is Commander-m-Chief of the
Army and Navy. Where does he derive his au-
thority to do a single act except from and under
that Constitution ? The Constitution, in the eighth
section of the first article, declares that " Con-
gress shall make rules for the government of the
land and naval forces." The assumption that his
powers as military commander are so enlarged by
the military law that he can ignore the Constitu-
tion and the rules to regulate the land and naval
forces enacted by Congress, is asserting for him
the right to usurp all the powers of the Govern-
ment. The military power with which the Pres-
ident, as Commander-in-Chief, is vested is lim-
ited by the written military law of the United
States, by the Constitution, and the laws of civ-
ilized war, which is the law of nations. The only
authority for the exercise of this power by the
President, as Commander-in-Chief, is theextraor-
dinary speech of John Gtuincy Adams in Con-
gress after he was rejected by the votes of the
South, united with the Democratic stiength of the
middle and western States, from the office of Pres-
ident of the United States. Pie came to Congress
after his defeat; he made war in my hearing upon
the compromises of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States., Upon the apportionment bill he said
that article allowing thiee fifths of the slave pop-
ulation to be enumerated as representative num-
bers, " was a fraud practiced by the South upon
the North, and so long as God gave him power to
talk or write he would not cease his labors until the
accursed clause was torn from the Constitution."
Me was true to his word. He was the founder
and leader of the political abolition party up to his
death in this Hall. Permit me,sir, to read an ex-
tract from his speech, which is the only authority
for the proclamation of the President:
" I lay it down as the law of nations. J say that the mil-
itary authority t.iicc« for th<; tunc the place of all municipal
institutions, slavery among the rest. Under that state of
things, fco far from it being ttne that the States, where sla-
very exists, have the exclusive management of the subjcct,
not only the President of the United States, but the com-
mander of the Aimy, has. power to order universal emanci-
pation of slaves-."
This position, so absurd, contrary to the laws
of civilized war, against the Constitution, coming
from one who had filled the office of Chief Ma-
gistrate, and, consequently, Commander-in-Chief
of the Aimy ami Navy, was universally con-
demned and triumphantly refuted by jurists and
statesmen at the time of its utterance. It has slept
as o political heresy until the present day. Mr.
Adams himself did not suppoii it by any author-
ity regarded as law.
It is upon this speech of Mr. Adams that the
party in power churns the exercise of the right to
free three million slaves in possession of their
owners, the power to destroy, by proclamation,
not only right# of propet ty, but all of the munici-
pal institutions. The relations of husband and
wife, parent and child, guardian and ward, are
municipal relations and institutions. Can they
be annihilated by the proclamation of our mili-
tary commander, in his headquartersat the White
House, in the city of Washington ? Mr. Adams,
when he ga\e birth to this heresy m politics and
war, had forgotten the history he had made upon
this very question for himself and his Govern-
ment. He was one of the representatives of the
United States who negotiated the tieaty of peace
with England, in 1815. lie was aftei wards the
representative of this Government at the Court of
St. James, and Seciefnry of State underMr. Mon-
roe. In those days he had no grudge against the
South, lie represented his country, and vindi-
cated its policy and her institutions.
It will be remembered that during the war with
England in 181:2 the commanders of the aimy
and navy of Gteat Britain, when they invaded the
teiritory and waters of the United States, issued
proclamations declaring to the slaves m ALuy-
jand, Virginia, North and South Caiolina, free-'
dom,and invited them into their camps and on
board their ships, By the treaty of Ghent, Great
Britain stipulated to restore all private property
taken on land by her forces duung the war. Hei
officers and " general-m-chief " had taken and de-
ported four or five thousand slaves. She refused
to leturn them or to pay for them, because she
contended there was no right of property in the
negro. The question as to England's liability to
return or pay for the slaves was submitted to the
decision of the Emperor of Russia.
Let us now hear what Mr, Adams said upon
this subject then, when he was a statesman; spoke
and wrote like one; when he had no party warfare
on hand. I cannot read his whole correspondence
upon this question; the following extract will be
sufficient:
11 lie admits that public property by the usages of war
may be taken and removed, hut as to private pioporty and
slaves they ought never to be taken. Our object was the
restoration of all property which by the usages of civilized
nations ought not to have been taken Alt pi ivato property
on land was of that description. It was entitled by the laws
of war to exemption from capture. Slaves wete piivate
proputy. The act of seducing them fiom their masters, by
a promise of fieedom, was in violation of the laws of war."
This was the case of a commanding military
officer of an alien enemy at war with the United
States, vested by his Government and the laws of
war with as much power as Abraham Lincoln
has as Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States, no more, no less. He was in pos-
session of the territory over which his proclama-
tion extended. The teiritoiy for the time being
was covered by the military law and under the
control of the commander-in-chief of the British
forces. The proclamation of the officer did not
free the slaves which he had in his possession,
^nor those in the possession of their owners within
the military district of the English commander.
That the proclamation of the President is a vi-
olation of the Constitution, without the authority
of the law of nations, a palpable and wicked usurp-
ation of power, there can be no doubt. It can-
not be regarded as " the best measure to subdue
the enemy." The President is Commandcr-in
Chief, but is so under the Constitution, and is
bound by it as such. Under this plea of " mili-
tary necessity" the Piesident claims the right to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus; the right to
arrest and impnsion the citizen at his will. The
freedom of speech and of tiic press is, by mili-
tary power, prohibited. In vain does the citizen
hold up the Constitution of his country and read
to his oppressors these woids:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridg-
ing the freedom of speech, ot of the press ; or the right of
the people peaceably to a-semble and to petition the Gov-
ernment for a redress ot grievances."
The citizen, in the hour of midnight, is seized
and borne from his domicile, his wife, and family
by an armed soldiery, his house is searched, his
papers seized. He demands the nuthmitv for
this act. He reads from the Constitution of his
country:
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable seaicbes
and seizures shall not be violated, and no watinnt shall
issue but upon probable cau^e. supported by oath or anim-
ation, and paitieulaily deseiibnig the places to be scaiched,
and the persons and tilings to be seized."
lie is told the President does this under a " mil-
itary necessity." Pie is denied the benefit of coun-
sel, he is taken from his State and confined in the
forts of the Government, built by the people for
the defense of their country, now converted into
bastiles for the incarceration of the citizen. He
turns again to that great record of human liberty,
the Constitution, and reads to his oppressors the
fifth article:
11 No person shall be held for a capital offen?c. oi other-
wise uilamotis crime, unless oti a pre.-eiitment or indict-
ment ot a grand jury."
" In all cnmiual prosecutions the accused shaii enjoy
the right to a speedy trial by an impaihaJ jury ot the State
and district wherein the enine fell.ill have b''Cn committed,
which dMi ict shall have been pieviousiy a-certaji'-d by
law, and to be informed of the natuie and cause of the accu-
sation, to be conlionted with the witnesses ag.u.i*t him,
to have compulsory proees., for obtaining w fne«sf> in Ins
favor, and to have the assistance of counsel in his d< :on<e."
His captors reply, " the Constitution is played
out;" "military necessity" has sun"isoued its
protective provisions, and the will of the Presi-
dent, as Commander-in-Chief, is the suptemo law
of the land; from his orders, from his decrees,
thei e is no appeal. The minister of Chi is t ic> seized,
his flock scattered , ho is expelled from the Union,
or confined in a prison. lie pleads the piovision
of the Constitution securing the freedom or' reli-
gious worship. He is told, " your prjyeis do not
suit the provost marshal or military governor."
The elder Adams had his sedition law, that pro*<
mised an impartial trial of all who were charged
