186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
74f
Mr. STEVENS. Let it bo postponed to Mon-
day next.
Mr. COX. I offer this additional resolution:
Resolved^ That Legrand ISyington was duly fleeted a
member of tins House from the second district of the gtatc
of Iowa.
That will bring: the matter before the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Ohio cannot offer two
resolutions at the same time.
Mr. COX. I will put them both in one reso-
lution for the sake of obviating the gentleman's
objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
in the rules which prevents the gentleman from
offering a scries of resolutions.
Mr. BINGHAM. They are upon different
subjects.
The SPEAKER. They both pertain to a seat
from a particular district in Iowa.
Mr. DAWES. After making the further re-
mark that the Committee of Elections have dis-
charged their duty by bringing this subject before
the House, I do not intend to occupy the time of
the House at all, but at the suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
move to postpone the consideration of this sub-
ject until two o'clock on Tuesday next.
Mr. BfNGHAM. I move to amend by chang-
ing the time to to-morrow week at two o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. My friend will take it kindly
from me when I say to him it is hardly treating
any contestant fairly, whatever may be the gen-
tleman's opinions as to the merits of his claim, to
refuse him an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. BINGHAM, i am not refusing him an
opportunity to be hoard. I only move to amend
in reference to the time when he shall he heard.
. Mr. DAWES. [ would yield to the gentleman
from Ohio for his amendment, if I did not fear
that the contestant would lose his opportunity to
be heard.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not want the gentle-
man heard at the sacrifice of the public business,
and theiefore 1 move to amend.
Mr. DAWES. I have consulted with the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in
lefcrence to tins matter, and at first he thought
the gentleman might be heard to-day. Now he
suggests that it be postponed until Tuesday next.
I accept the suggestion of the chairman of the
committee who seems to have charge of the im-
portant business of the House. I therefore move
that the subject be postponed until two o'clock on
Tuesday next, and upon that I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will not the gentleman al-
low me to offer the amendment?
Mr. DAWES. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will make such a sug-
gestion I will, but I have ascertained from him
that the business of the House will be such on
Tuesday next that this contestant may properly
be heard upon that day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that some of
the rest of us have important business we desire
to have acted on.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts not to fix any hour.
Mr. DAWES. As the matter can be called up
at any time, I will withdraw that part of my mo-
tion which fixes the hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers upon sec-
onding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Bwgiiam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes G8, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the subject was postponed
until Tuesday next.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I want to call the attention of my colleague
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to a statement
he made in reference to some remarks of mine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
newspaper reports have been held not to he ques-
tions of privilege.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is the gentleman'sprinted
speech.
The SPEAKER. It has been decided over
and over again that that is not a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. WRIGHT. I find in a printed report of
his speech in the Globe to-day, my colleague [Mr.
Stevens] makes use of this language:
" My colleague, after having the other day delighted and
surprised the House with a most spirited and patriotic
speech, put all under eclipse by advising compromise and
conciliation. To compromise in such a cause is to make a
covenant with hell."
Now, in the remarks which I made to the House
the other day, I made no intimation whatever look-
ing to a compromise with armed rebels. If the
gentleman will do me the favor of taking up my
reported speech, he will not find a letter, or word,
ora sentence, which squints towards a compro-
mise with rebels upon dishonorable terms to the
country. I was talking, and I thought very prop-
erly at that time—although I may be mistaken in
regard to a compromise of measures of legislation
which this House ought to adopt under the state
of things which existed in the country—of a line
of policy which, by common consent, would re-
store the state of things to a more healthy condi-
tion, and add to a more vigorous prosecution of
the war; a compromise among the members of this
House upon some settled line of legislative policy.
That was the whole drift of my argument, and
there is nothing in my speech which has any allu-
sion whatever to a compromise with rebels unless
they sue for it. I hope the House will do me the
justice to acknowledge that I have, upon all occa-
sions during the two sessions of this Congress,
condemned the rebellion, out and out. As I stated
in my speech the other day, I denounced the re-
bellion at the threshold, and I denounce it now,
and every man connected with it.
I am not for compromises ending in the division
of the Union. I am for carrying on the war, and
putting down the rebellion, and saving the Union.
I am in favor of a compromise with the rebels
when they lay down their arms, and after they
have ceased to be rebels. I am in favor of a com-
promise when they withdraw their guns from the
capital. I am favorable to a compromise by an
honorable peace, but not while the rebels are in
arms against the Government, and standing in
open hostility to it; and the gentleman did me
great wrong and injustice by classifying me with
that class of peace men who are crying " peace" at
the cost and hazard of the Union and the demor-
alization of the Army. I am just as much in favor
of carrying on a vigorous prosecution of the war
as my distinguished colleague is, and I will not
yield to him one iota in my patriotism, or my
efforts to save the Union.
Therefore, when the gentleman says I am in
favor of a compromise with rebels in arms, I re-
pudiate it. I am not in favor of a dishonorable
compromise with the rebels. While they are in
arms against the Government, I am in favor of
subduing them and putting them down. I do not
want this House, or the country, to understand
for one moment that I have changed my position
in this particular, which I took when 1 entered
these llalls two years ago. Not in the least have
I changed my purpose. But I do desire that there
should be some concession upon that side of the
Chamber, as well as upon this side, by which we
may enter upon a uniform line of policy, and by
which we may subdue the rebellion quicker than
we can now; for it may be a matter of doubt, in
conscquence of the wrangling of the legislative !
body and bad and ill-advised measures of the Gov- j
ernment, whether the Union can be restored at all.
For an honorable peace ending in the restoration !
of the Union, there is no man who desires it more i
than I do. I prosecute the war with all my ener-
gies for the sole purpose of restoring the Govern-
ment. In this particular I may differ from other
gentlemen; but they cannot be more zealous and
more determined than I am in subduing as wicked
and unjust a lebellion as ever disgraced the his- j
tory of the world. When these men are willing i
to take peace with a whole and undivided coun- J
try, I am for it, and not otherwise. j
Mr. STEVENS. I am very glad to hear from i
my colleague that I misunderstood him. I am i
fully satisfied that I did misunderstand him. I
have not read his remarks, and being in my seat
when he made them, it is hai'dly wonderful that
in the confusian generally prevailing in this Hall,
and the number of members walking between.thft
speaker and a person sitting at this distance*
should misunderstand his proposition fpr concilLV
ation and compromise to mean with one p$.rty,v
when he really meant with another party. jis;
he now states the matter, there is nothing what-
ever objectionable in his speech,and I regret that
my colleague did not bring my attention to the
matter earlier, so that I could have prevented my
remarks upon that subject from appearing in the
Globe. As it is, I shall correct my remarks fo^
the Congressional Globe, in order to remedy as
far as possible the injustice I did my colleague by
that statement. I would not do injustice to hiqi
or to any other member of the House, but I see I
did entirely misunderstand his remarks, owing to
my distance from him and the confusion in the
Hall.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to state further in
reference to this matter, that I was not in the
House atthe time the gentleman made his remarks.
The moment I did come into the House I was,in-
formed by several gentlemen that my colleague
had represented me as favorable to compromise
and conciliation, without qualifying the terms of
such compromise. I watched my opportunity to
find out at the earliest possible moment what his
remarks were, but I have been unable to ascertain
what those remarks were until their appearance
in the Globe this morning. If there is anything
on earth I am sensitive about it is a charge of this
kind, because itis in direct opposition to the whole
course of my acts during the whole of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress. There is no compromise in
mo unless it be an honorable one. When an hon-
orable compromise can be made by which the
country can be saved and the Union preserved
entire, I am in favor of it; but I am not in favor
of a compromise with rebels with arms in their
hands, standing in a threatening attitude towards
the Government.
The SPEAKER. The next business is the call
of committees for reports.
LEGISLATION OF NEVADA.
Mr. SARGENT, bv unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to disapprove the twenty-sixth sec-
tion of an* act of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Nevada, and for other purposes;
which was read a fiist and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee <^n the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make a state-
ment to the House in reference to the order of
business. It is very desirable that we should £0
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of progressing with the
appropriation bills; but if we can agree to go on
regularly with the call of committees, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will not press their
business until the hour has expired for the call-
ing of committees. If, however, other business
shall be introduced that is likely to take up time,
I shall feel it to be my duty to ask the House to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports.
GILBERT E. THORNTON.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on *
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution author-
izing the Navy Department to allow to paymas-
ter Gilbert E. Thornton §4,500 in the settlement
of his accounts, for money stolen from him with-
out fault or negligence on his part; which was
read a first and second time.
The resolution authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to allow to Paymaster Thornton, in the
settlement of his accounts with the Department,
the sum of §4,500, that being the amount stolen
from his safe on board the storeship Brandywine
during his absence on official business, without
his neglect or fault. #-
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I should
like to know if there is a report accompanying
that resolution.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If there is any question
made about it, I will state the facts as they appear
from the records of the Department.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I should
be very giad to hear them.
