92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
37th Cons....3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. White.
Ho. of Ebps.
when we are taxed to the very last extremity upon
every article of consumption and upon every
article of production, it is an atrocious wrong to
impose these additional burdens upon the people.
You have no power in the Constitution, either
express or delegated, or arising by necessary im-
plication, to authorize such a taxation. It is a
flagrant, wicked, wanton, useless usurpation of
power.
This, sir, is a Government of limited powers.
We cannot do things here according to our dis-
cretion; and unless you can find the power some-
where written down in the Constitution first to
purchase these slaves, then to issue bonds in pay-
ment of them, and to assess a tax upon the peo-
ple to pay those bonds, you have no power to
do what you propose to do; and if you cannot
derive the power from the Constitution, your en-
actments are not only voidable, but they are ab-
solutely null and void. Sue!) is the determination
of all our courts; and the officer who attempts to
execute such   law by distraint and sale of prop-
erty would be held liable as a trespasser, i wain
gentlemen that not, only individuals will sit in
judgment upon these laws, but sovereign States
will do so, and take upon themselves any penal-
ties which a mistake in judgment may incur.
ljut it is said that these slaves are not to be
purchased without the consent of the States.
What kind of consent is it? A consent which a
freeman gives when he goes voluntarily and un-
obstt acted to assert that franchise which belongs
to freemen in a free Government? Is that the
kind of consent that is to be given? No, sir; it
is that kind of consent that is ibiced from him, as
in the States of Delaware and Missouri m the
recent elections, and as will be the case in Ken-
tucky and Maryland when they come to elect
their Legislatures. The bayonet will be the in-
strumentality by which their conscjit will be ob-
tained, as was the ease in the State of Missouri
to an extent thai t endeied the election in that Slate
nothing moie nor less thay a Rounding farce,
and which ought to be held, as I verily believe,
to be absolutely null and void. So it was in the
Stale of Delaware. In order to obtain the consent
of that little State, military corpoials and ser-
geants and lieutenants and captains,45/ilh squads
of armed tne.n to the numbet of three thousand,
were sent to protect the pmity of the ballot-box
at every voting place within the count les of Kent
and Sussex except two, and at some of the polls
in Newcastle county, in (hat gallant little Slate.
This, sir, is the way that tiuil consent is to be
obtained. It is to be obtained by military dom-
ination and by military force.
Mr. b'lsmSR. The gentleman has made some
allusion, if I undeistnod hun eoneetiy, in regard
to the introduction of soldieis by the federal Qov-
e 1 mnent at the recent election. .Now, sir, I hap-
pened to ho their, and know something about 11.
1 denounce any allegation that the ngiit of suf-
frage of any man in that State has been intei fered
with, so far as I have learned. Any allegation
that it was interfered with is untrue. This is tine:
then: weie threats tlnown out hy men upon the
stump in the recent canvass in Delaware, speak-
ing on the same side advocated by the gentleman
ftom Ohio. They not only tlueatened that they
would attack the polls at the variouw voting places
in Delaware, but they advised their friends to
come prepared, armed and ready, to do so. That
was befoie there was the slightest intimation that
any 11 oops would be brought in to the State. When
that was known, the loyal men, knowing then
rights and detemnned to maintain them, implored
the General Government (o send to their protec-
tion at tiie voting places. Tbeie was not a single
man, so Jar us 1 can learn, who was picvented
fioin voting at that ''lection.
Mr. WHI PC, of Ohio Mr. Speaker, i only
quoted the language of ihe Governor ot Di laware
Hecompluined m his leeem message that sold lei s
ofthe United States Government wen; seen posted
at almost every voting place, in the counties I
have named, m that State. I behove him, sir;
besides, I ha\e been informed by honorable and
reliable gentlemen Horn that State that many of
Us citizt ns wet e di tern-d ft om voting at that elec-
tion, ia consequence of these troops being thrust
into that Stale; that dismay and alarm spread
throughout its borders* especially among t he Dem-
ocratic people, who had suffered so many wrongs
and indignities at the hands of this Administra-
tion. Upon the introduction of so large a mili-
tary force, just on the eve of a general election,
whether theirapprehensions were well founded or
not, many of them preferred to sacrifice the right
to vote than to incur the hazards which the exer-
cise of that right might impose. There could
have been no necessity for the introduction of
United States forces to preset ve order and protect
the purity of elections where partiesare so equally
divided as they are in that State; but, Mr. Speaker,
I will let the Governor of the State of Delaware
answer the gentleman. I read from his message:
" I also refer to the unlawful and unprecedented inter-
ference, on the part of tiie General Government, with our
peaceful and law-abiding citizen®, m the constitutional and
rightful exercise of then elective franchise, by the introduc-
tion into the State ot a large number of United Stales troops,
on thfi day immediately-preceding the day of the late gen-
eral election, amounting, as nearly as can be ascertained,
to about thiee thousand, consisting of artillery, infantry,
and cavalry, accompanied hy Major General John E. Wool,
ot the United State* Army, and by hun diMuhuted and sta
honed on the day ot the election at all the polls 111 Kent and
Sussex counties-, except two, and at sonic ot the polls in
Newcastle county, mrdci the command and control ot' pro-
vost mai&'mls, who, it is said, were appointed for that pur-
pose foi each and everv liumh ed, an office en tueiy unknown
to the Constitution and law ofthe land. All ot those port-ens
claiming to be pmvo-'t iin^hal«, and aa such having com-
mand and control ofthe United States forces, were violent
pol iticnl partisans, and some of them, at least, men of a very
low order, without u^peotabilify 01 charaetei, and utterly
unfit, in every rc-pecf, to have the contiyi of any poiium
of ihe Unitcd'Ptates foiec^ tor any purpo?e whatever, and
more especially at Mich a time and on Mich an occasion.
'■To say that thes-o troops were sent here to keep the
peace and piof-eive order is no sufficient justification 01
excuse foi their Intioduction in our midst, ioi they had no
r ij'ht to be here. ioi mm h a par pose. The taws ofthe State
of Delaware have ever proved amply Mifbeient for the pres-
ervation ot the peace and the protection of om citizens
against any ajjfuu'.^.ions m the exetcisi: ot then elective Ira ri-
ch i-e ; and (her e were no 1 cay on* to apprehend any breach
of the peace or disturbance of any «oit at the late election
more than uiujht have been entertained at any pievious
ones, nor could am Midi appiehensious or feaih have ex-
i-ted in the timid-, ot any intelligent poison. The citizens
of Delaw.ne aie a peaceful, oideily, and law abiding peo-
ple. and the huv-< ot ihe fSt.ttc are quite sufficiently *ti 111
gent for all the purposes of their projection, not only irom
a-smlt-and other bleaches of the peace, but foi ample pio-
tectinn 111 the e\ei cue and lull enjo\ merit of then elective
franchise. 11 w as not, tliei cloic, onlj an infi mjicrnent upon
lite righltMU our citizens to Ihrn-f in their mrd-a,on the
day ofthe election and at the poll*, a pomon of the United
States Army, hut it was a blunder upon the chaiacier ot the
Suite and om citizen-- to say that any neeusstity evi&tcdfoi
then intioduction aitiorn; us.
^ ]t 1- hardly to be .-apposed that the Secretary of War
intended thai ther-e tioups .should be u-ed as thev weie. or
that ho seal them here lor the purpose of interfcnnj? with
tile people in the peaceable and lawful excici-e of then
elective fi.uu'hi-e. ft m more prointblc thai hi! was im-
posed upon and deceived by desnjumj? politicians, who, in
their zeal and prompted by then-de-ne for a ie>uh of the
eh ction favoi ihie to then inteiesl-, made to bun iepre-
sentation;, winch had no foundation in tiulh."
When the Crovenn^rof Delaware states these
facts, in a public menage to the Legislatuiu of
hjm State, sir, I believe him.
This is (he way that the con sen t of those States
is to he obtained, not hy the tree and voluntary
suffrages of the people, but it is to be obtained
as it can be obtained, peaceably if you can, foici-
biy if you must. It is a part and parcel of this
grand scheme, this consummation which these
gentlemen so devoutly wished for, that the con-
sent of these States shall he obtained. The con-
sent of the Slate of Missouri, through its present
I Legislature, elected by means of fraud and force,
is already obtained, and we have a bill upon our
table for the puichase of her slaves. This dis-
poses of the whole question of shivery in the Hou-
sed ding' States. 1 have shown you how it is dis-
posed of 111 tiie seceding States. The whole thing1
is consummated on paper. This grand scheme
of abolition), which has been the god ofthe polit-
ical ldolatiy of these men for .1 number of yeais,
is to be consummated in this way. I do not speak
of the declarations of nidi. In this day and gen-
eration wotds have become the means of conceal-
ing lather than expressing ideas I spe.de of the
solemn acts and enactments of men, given undei
the solemn sanction of then oaths to support the
Constitution and then obligations to then*constit-
uents. I speak of this, sir, as pointing more
directly, moie unmistakably to the ends and ob-
jects which gentlemen have in view than do the
declarations they may make heie or elsewhere.
I draw my conclusions from these acts, and my
conclusion is, that these gentlemen are engaged
m using the military authority of the Government
for the abolition of slavery in every State of tha
Union. Sir, the great question with them is not
how the Constitution can be maintained and the
Union restored, but how can slavery be abolished;
and to accomplish this purpose to them the Con-
stitution is nothing, the Union is nothing; before
the great and ovci powering necessity of abolish-
ing slavery everything must be subordinated.
Mr. HARRISON. My colleague remarked
that Ohio would repudiate a certain tax to which
he alluded. I wish to inquire whether he desires
to be understood as saying that the loyal men of
the State of Ohio will repudiate any tax which
Congress may decide necessary.
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. We will abide by the
law; and it is because this tax is illegal and un-
authorized that I believe the people of Ohio will
refuse to pay it. The Constitution with the loyal
men of Ohio is the highest law, and our enact-
ments here m conflict with that Constitution, and
which are not authorized by it, are not law; they
are totally and absolutely null and void, of no
effect, and binding upon nobody. The Govern-
ment of the United States has no more right to
take money out of my pocket to purchase negroes
with than a highway robber would have to do the
same thing. The power of taxation under the
Constitution is a limited power; it is limited to the
puiposc of executing the powers delegated to the
Government by the Constitution, and within this
limitation the power is unlimited, but without it
the Government has no power at all, and all its
acts arc usurpations and its forced exactions pirat-
ical.
Ohio's portion of this tax for the purchase of
the slaves in the States of Missouri, Kentucky,
Mai y land, West Virginia, Delaware, and the Dis-
tt ict of Columbia, at the Government price, ^300
per head, will be about ten million five hunched
thousand dollars. She may pay it and she may
not. '
Our revolutionary history upon this subject of
taxation teaches us a veiy instructive lesson; we
would do well to heed it;
But the gentleman talks about loyal men of Ohio.
I have a word to say about that. I know in this
land but one test of loyalty, and that test is devo-
tion to the Constitution and respect for the laws,
if a man observes his constitutional obligations
and discharges his duties according to law, lie is
to all intents and purpose* a loyal man, and that
man who disregards his constitutional obligation,
whether Piesident Lincoln, or Jefferson Davis,
whether in the confederate congress or in the Con-
gress of the United Slates, is to all intents and
purposes a disloyal man I owe no allegiance to
Mr. Lincoln, I owe no allegiance to his Cabinet
mitiisteis. Thank God, i owe no allegiance toany
man uponeaith. J am the equal and peer of every
man in legal contemplation. My allegiance is to
the law and the Constitution to which I have
pledged my faith and given my consent. I can-
not consent that one jot or tittle of that faith shall
fall to the giound unobserved by me. This is the
sentiment of the loyal people of Ohio, and of a
majority of the people of that State.
i' had occasion to submit a few remaiks the
other day on an amendment which I offered to
the loan bill, in which I asserted as n fact that the
revenues of the Government weie used for the
purpose of supporting fugitives and runaway ne-
groes. The gentleman hum jNYw York [Mr.
Oli\'] took occasion to deny the truthfulness of
that assertion. He characterized it as unquali-
fiedly untrue. J wish to say his assertion to the
contraiy is unquahfied'ty untrue. I make that
issue upon him, and 1 call upon him to submit the
question between us to the determination of a com-
mittee of this House. I make the issue with him,
fair and square, open and direct, lie says that
the report of the different officials of the Govern-
ment will show the fuel as hu claims. J t is the fnst
time that 1 have ever heard that the e mfession of
a purliceps criminis offered by himself in his own
favor was to be received as conclusive evidence of
his innocence. It is of these officials I have to
complain,that they illegally and unconstitutionally
expended the money of the Government for the
purpose of feeding and pampering a large number
o, contiabands which are hovering about the prin-
cipal cities and camps in the vicinity of th.c line
