1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
mittce lias had that subject uucler consideration, |
and now reports this resolution for the appoint- I
ment of a single commissioner, at a salary of I
$3,000, and without any other charges. The !
naval laws are m such a deranged condition that j
it is almost impossible to find out what the law on j
any given subject is. Many of the most import-
ant provisions are attached to appropriation bills
passed from time to time. Some of the laws arc
transcripts of the laws of Queen Anne, which
have not been revised or altered since her day.
The committee believes that a single commis-
sioner, with the aid which he can have from offi-
cers of the Department during the recess of Con-
gress, will be able to present at the beginning of
next session a revised code of naval laws that
will be of great advantage to all connected with
the service.
Mr. OLIN. I am in favor of the resolution;
hut 1 wish to suggest to my colleague that lie
modify it so as to provide also for the codifica-
tion of the military laws. - There is not a lawyer
111 this House who, on various questions affecting
the military and naval service, can give an intel-
ligible opinion as to what is the existing law. It
would require the study of a lifetime to know all
these statutes. I regret that the bill which we had
up the other day, providing for the codification of
the laws passed by Congress, was defeated. There
never was a more shameful collection of statutes
in God's world than the statutes of the United'
States. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would suggest that that is
not respectful to the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I beg leave
to express my concuirencc in this resolution. I
believe it will be found to be the only practicable
mode of revising the statutes of this country. I
differ from my friend from New Yotk as 10 the
expediency of including now a provision for cod-
ifying the entire statutes of the country. I agree
with him as to the desirableness of such a re
result,
but I think if the attempt be made it. will be found,
as it was found in England, impracticable to carry
it out. It" we are to accomplish anything in this
direction, we musttake some distinct title by itself,
such as the Navy Department or the commercial
laws of the country. And we can then ascertain
how far we can succeed in revising the entire laws
of the country. If, then, I had no other object
in advocating this resolution except the trying
of the experiment, I should be strongly in favor
of the resolution of the gentleman fiom New
York.  
Mr. WASHBtJRNE. I ask to have the res-
olution read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. WASI1BURNE. 1 asked to have the res-
olution read for the leaeon that I have some ex-
perience to give in reference to efforts that have
heretofore been made to codify the laws. From
the time I first came into Congress the attempt
has been made to codify the revenue laws. For
two Congresses the matter was under consideta-
tion by the Committee on Commeice in this and
in tiie other branch of Congress; but after spend-
ing a great deal of labor upon it, after frequent
consultations with theTreusury Department, after
u full and thorough preparation of a code of laws
upon the subject, it became a settled fact that the
House would never hear it through, and never
would pass it. And so I tell the gentleman from
New York if his resolution passes, and this com-
missioner is appointed, after the naval laws have
been codilied, and the lesult brought heie foi our
action, Congress will never consider it at all. The
amount which we pay for having the work done
will be all wasted, for it will result in nothing.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I reply to the gentleman
that the English naval laws have never been codi-
fi<d; they consist mainly in orders of the admi-
ralty. The French naval laws have been revised
and their code is simple and easy to be under-
stood. They may be put into a volume that
any officer can cany ill his pocket. I here is no
necessity for any such extended code of laws as
was brought in by the revenue commission. This
House and this Congress can considei all the laws
that are necessary to put into this naval code, with
less in vestigation and less time than has frequently
been devoted to the passage of a single law. It
is not impossible, it is by no means impractica-
ble, and it is a thing that is absolutely necessary,
if you mean to have naval officers, and those en-
gaged in the naval sei vice, understand the laws
they are rcquiied to obey. And now, sir, unless
some gentleman wishes to remark further upon
the bill, I will demand the previous question.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I desire to say a word upon
the proposition. It does seem to me that if the
naval laws are to be revised and arranged it is
equally important that the laws relating to all the
other departments of the Government should also
be codified. If we are to enter upon this work it
would be better, it seems to me, to revive the gen-
eral bill which the House defeated yesterday than
to take up the subject in this waj' by piecemeal.
I am no lawyer, and I confess it may appear pre-
sumption in me to express an opinion upon this
subject, but I think that a simple common sense
view of the subject, will suggest to every gentle-
man that it is equally important that the laws re-
lating to every other branch of the public service
should bo revised and arranged. But if we are
to confine our action simply to the naval laws of
the country why not auihonze the Secretary of
the INavy to detail a competent clerk to perform
this work during the recess ot Congress, instead
of employmga commissionerat$3,000 per annum.
Mr. SEDGWICK. You would not get a com-
petent clerk, capable of doing this work properly,
. for less than §3,000 per annum. The whole ex-
pense of it, I will remark, will be confined simply
to the salaiy of this commissioner, and it cannot
run oil indefinitely, for we requne him by the
terms of the resolution to repot t at the next ses-
sion of Congress. The proposition of the gentle-
man fiom Ohio, [Mr. Trimble^ ho will himself
; see, would make the matter cumbeisome and ex-
j pensive, and it would be lio fair test as to the
j practicability of codifying the laws. If you take
' one title and do that successfully, you can then
tell whether it is wise to proceed any further.
But, on the other hand, if you cannot siicress-
fully accomplish the work for one branch of the
service; you had better not proceed further.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I have no doubt that in or-
dinary times it would be a very wise proceeding
to codify not only the naval laws, but all the other
laws of the country. I think they might be so
arranged as, with proper References, they could
be very easily found and understood. But it is
an experiment, and I doubt myself the, policy of
so many expenditures as we are making upon
lTieic experiments. It is true lhat this is a small
appropriation, involving only $3,0QU, but I think
this Congress lias voted a great many small ap-
propriations, and some large ones, that might be
avoided; and i \eiy much doubt whether we bad
bettel at the present time try this experiment.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to make a single sug-
gestion to the gentleman fiom New York before
the vole is taken upon this proposition. I am
inclined to think 1 shall vote for the resolution;
but it occurs to me that it would be better to so
amend it as to make it include the laws of com-
merce and navigation. I suggest, therefore, that
the commissioner to be appointed shall be in-
structed, in making up his codification of the laws
relating to naval affairs, to include also the laws
uiion commerce and navigation.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I must decline to modify
the resolution as the gentleman suggests, for the
reason that the whole object of it requires that it
shall be confined to a single subject. Loading it
down with other things would prevent it fioni
being a fair experiment in codifying the laws ol
the country. The experiment may, perhaps, be
as well tested upon this subject as any other; for
theie is more necessity for such a codification m
this than in any other branch of the service, ex-
I cept perhaps the revenue laws. Sothat I must
! decline to make the modification which the gen-
s' tleinan suggests. The subject of the laws of com-
| merce and navigation is a very wide one, ami no
i one commissioner could perform the labor that
' would be involved by including that subject with
;• naval nfTurs. And the subjects, it seems to me,
!, are so dissimilar that it would be impossible for
j! one man to attend to both. I now demand the
| previous qursuon upon the resolution.
' The previous question was seconded; and the
II main question ordered to be put.
j; The joint resolution was oi dered to be engrossed
i and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
i aecoidingly l'ad the third tine1.
{; Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers upon thepas-
li sage of the joint resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. NoBI.r. and
McPherson were appointed. ■ . ■ •
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 48, noes 44; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for the.yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 54; as follows;
YEAH—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter,
Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Rnflinton,
Chamuerlain, Clark, Cotlax, Ro.-coe Conkfing, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Diven, Eliot,Ely, Fenton,Samuel C. Fes-
sciidcn, Tliomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Franclmt, Frank,
Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger. Ilaight, Hale, Hooper, [Norton,
Kelley, Lansing, Lehman, Lovejnv, Low, Mcpherson,
Marston, Mitchell, Mooihead. Odell, Olin, Timothy «.
['helps. Pike, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edwarif [I. Rollins,Sargent, Sedgwick, Sli.mks, Sheffield,
Sheilabaiger, Sherman. Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Van HoiM, Van Villkenburgh, Verrce, Wallace, Wheeler,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, Wmdoin, Woodruft", and Wor-
eeatei—68.
PiAYS—Messrs. Alduch,William Allen, Ancona, Arnold,
Baity, Biddlc, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, iinrn-
liam", Calvert. Casey, Clements, Fiederick A. Conkling,
Cox, Clittenden, Cutler, Edwards, Glider, Hall, Harding,
Hatii>ou, JIolnmiH Ilutchins, Johnson, Kerrigan, Law,.
Lean, Loomi-, Wnllniv, May, Maynard, Menzics, Morris,
Nohle, Norton. Periy. Portei, Secnr, Smith, William G.
Steele Stiles, Stratton, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Vallandigtiam, Voorhees. Wadswoith, Washburne,
Webster, Whaley, Wiekliffe, Wright, and Yeaman—54.
So tire joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to iay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ItlOl.IKP OP SAILORS Oi- GUNBOAT CAIRO.
Mr.SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
valAiTans, reported a joint resolution to compen-
sate the sailors of the gunboat Cairo for loss of
eloihing; which was read a first and second time,
ordered" to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engiossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEKSION OF PILOTS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
also repotted a bill to amend an act entitled " An
act to grants pensions," approved July 14, 1862;
which was lead a first and second time.
The bill increases the pension for pilots on gun-
boats on the western rivers from fifteen to twenty
dollars a month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and rend
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accoid-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
I). D. PORTER.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of the message of the President of
the United States, recommending that David D.
Porter, acting rear admiral, shall receive a vote of
thanks of Congress. That subject has been dis-
posed of by the amendment adopted to a lesolu-
tion which was passed yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
A. 0. BENSON, ETC.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fiuther
consideration of a petition of A. G. Benson that
non-intercourse be declared with nations receiv-
ing rebel privateers; and a petition of pilots for
aifincrease of pay; and that they be laid upon
the table.
' The motion was agreed to.
RELEASE OP PENALTIES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back House
resolution No. 115, authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to release certain penalties, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WASHBtJRNE. I think that that bill
ought to have the same direction as-the resolution
of "the gentleman from New Y'ork, and I make
that motion.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have na ob-
jection to that course being pursued.
The motion was agreed to.
