1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Com...3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. White.
Ho. op Reps.
of operations of the Army. To-day, sir, we have
made an appropriation of $50,000 for medicines
and medical attendance for this class of people for
the ensning fiscal year. This, however, is, if I am
not mistaken, the first appropriation made by law
for the supportof these people. They have here-
tofore been maintained withoutappropriation. It
was claimed by the gentleman from New York and
others that they were not a charge upon the Gov-
ernment; thatthey paid fortheir support by their
labor. Why then is this appropriation of $50,000
made; and let me ask, if it cost the Government
that sum for medicines and medical attendance,
what will be-the cost of the construction of bar-
racks, the furnishing of clothing and subsistence
for them ? Why, sir, these people are even buried
at Government expense by Government under-
takers. *
Mr. OLIN rose.
Mr, W HITE, of Ohio. No, sir, I do notyield
to the gentleman. Courtesy is an exchangeable
commodity, and I owe the gentleman none.
He characterized my remarks the other day as
" fuss and fustian," and used other language not
proper to be used here unless some provocation
is offered. I have been a quiet observer of the
proceedings of the House for nearly two years,
and I have seen no man on the floor who has dis-
played more " fuss and fustian" than the gentle-
man from New York. I have seen him day after
day and hour after hour waltzing up and down
the aisles, upon almost every measure presented
to the House for its consideration. I take to my-
self none of that lecture which he the other day
assumed to read to the House m reference the
proprieties of legislation and legislators; when he
said a great many gentlemen here were wont to
occupy the time and attention of the House in or-
der to get themselves into the Globe. I have no
ambition of that kind, and the remark does not
apply to me, because I believe this is the second
time I have claimed the attention of this House
since I have been a member of it, now nearly two
years.
I seek no personal controversy with any man,
but I trust in God I shall never shrink from one
when it is thrust upon me. I am the represent-
ative of a proud and intelligent constituency, and
their pride and sense of honor shall never be in-
sulted in my person while I have the honor of a
position upon the floor of this House. And even
if the contest shall be not one of words only, but,
in the polite and classic language of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stlvevs,] it should be
one of pitchfoiks, i trust I shall not, as the gen-
tleman is said to have done upon one occasion,
shrink from it by making my exit out of a back
window.
But to return to my subject. This is all a digres-
sion, and the reporters may, if they please, put
it in brackets. We have this whole piogramme
now laid down to us upon paper, and the great
question is how it is (o be consummated. Theie
are now about a million white mm in the land
and naval service, nnd yuu now piopose to aim
and equip an indefinite number of ncgioes, ami
these arc the means by which you jnopo.se to con-
sum male yourgi and scheme of abolition through-
out the United States. This bill pioposed, as it
was oiiginally piesented, to arm one hunched and
fifty regiments of negroes. Now it has been
modified so as to make the number unlimited,
and the only limitation as to the class ot persons
who rirc to be enlisted is confined to peisons of
Afi iean descent; they may be either five or slave,
and enlisted in cither fiee or slave, loyal oi dis-
loyal States, or they may be the blav< s of loyal
or disloyal masters, and upon entering the sei vtce
they are to become fiee. The bill amended ;s
moie odious than it was when it was first pre-
sented, because the number was then limited to
one hundred and fifty legiments, while now it is
unlimited as to number, and slaves as well as free
men may be enlisted. Such is the interpretation
which every gentleman on the other side of the
House, who has spoken upon the suhjtct, has
put upon it.
Tins bill, as now presented, proposes to clothe
the President of the United Slates with power to
arm all the ne^ioes in the United States, free and
slave, and set them upon the population of the
seceded States. The laws providing for the enlist-
ment of white men limit the number, and the pe-
nod of enlistment to three years; while the num-
ber of negroes to be enlisted is unlimited, and their
term of enlistment is for five years. The term of
enlistment of one half of the Army will be out in
one year, and the other half in a little over two
years. Gentlemen on the other side admit that re-
cruiting is at an end, and that a draft is impossible;
that the people would not submit to it. And I be-
lieve that such is thefact;under the present policy
of the Administration, recruiting, whether by draft
or volunteer enlistment, is at an end. What is
the result, sir, in a little more than two years, if
these facts be tine? You will have nothing but
your negro regiments in the field; and if nothing
else would produce this result, the passage of this
bill will. _
Now, sir, I have some figures upon this sub-
ject. What will be the effect of this measure if
consummated? There are in the seceded States
5,-147,2520 white population, and 3,654,323 black
population; making an excess of only 1,722,997
of white population over the black. The white
population has been already decimated to a great
extent by the most d est motive war which has ever
been waged in the annals of the world.
The total number of colored population in the
United States is 4,441,730; and this is a proposi-
tion to put arms into the hands of that 4,441,730
negroes, and set them upon the five million white
people of the seceded States. This is converting a
war for the maintenance of the Constitution and
the restoration of the Union into a servile war.
And when you have armed these four and a half
million men, and sent them down to wa«e a war
of extermination by the black upon the white
race of those States, backed by the power and au-
thority of the Government, what do you propose
to do with them after they have obtained the vic-
tory?—because you do certainly expect to obtain
a victory, nnd to subjugate tiie white race of those
States. This is the programme: the white men
of the eleven States are to he subjugated, disarmed,
and made slaves; nnd the negroes,armed with bay-
onet and swoi d, aie to become their masters, sus-
tained and paid and fed and supported by the
patronage and power of the General Government.
Is this the consummation which you desire to
attnm ?
Why, sir, in the six States of Alabama, Flor-
ida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, and South
Caiolnta, there are 2,198,680 white population,
and black population; showing an excess
of only 42,459 whites over blacks; and the war
hasdesU oyed that diffeience in favor of the whites
alreadyj that the two laces in these States are
now about equal in numbers. Do yon propose
to establish the negro as the dominant race in I hope
States? Do you propose to ch.-.m the bold and free
spn it of the Anglo-Saxon and make the new-m his
master? Do you pi opose to ai oii^e all the brutal
and animal passions of this rude and uncultivated
race, and set them upon the white race for its ul-
timate extinction? Do you mean to inspire him
with the dream of liberty, and "with the. vain hope
that he is to become the loi d of the soi i, and assert
his dominion over the lan fields of this beautiful
and highly favored ifgion of our country? Sir,
when the passions of a race like this are once
fairly aioused, they will biook no control, yield
to no discipline, but, overleaping every barrier
and disregarding every restraint, the war will be
converted into an indiscriminate slaughter, involv-
ing deciepit old age, defenseless women, and in-
nocent child ten in one common massacie; fire and
fagot will consume their dwellings, their towns
and cuius,and nothing but one Maekem.d, chaned,
and desolate waste ot nun will letnam m this fan-
portion of our common country.
Is that the end you desno' If it is, God and
man would rise up in levolt against it. After the
black men have fought youi battles lor you; after
they have subjugated and annihilated the white
race, and planted themselves upon his estates, are
they to succeed to his light; aie th>'V to be repre-
sented upon this floor ? But the white race occu-
pying those States, wist as they are in extent, and
susceptible as they ere of military defense, can-
not be subjugated. Five millions of our race and
stock of people, upon their own soi1, fightingfor
their homes, their wives, and their chiidi en, never
have been and never can be co" juered or subju-
gated. The free spirit of the Anglo-Saxon will
meet every opposingelement which "can be brought
against them, as the firm and solid rock would
meet and dash bac& the waves of the ocean lashed
against it by the storms of heaven.
Is this, I ask, the programme which you have
laid down? When these colored soldiers hav«v
fought your battles for you, when they have won
victories, what are you going to do with them?
If they are fit to be the associates of your soldierB
upon the stricken field of battle; if iheir blood is
to be mingled with that of our own soldiers in the
bonds of one common union upon the battle-fields
of the country, shed in devotion to a common
cause, in God's name, when they send up their
representatives here, will you deny them a seat
upon this floor? There is no half-way ground
in this matter. The question is one of political
and social equality with the negro everywheie.
If you make him the instrument by which youi*
battles are fought, the means by which victories
are won, you must treat him as a victor is enti-
tled to be treated, with all decent and becoming
respect.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedg-
wick] was right when he said that arms once put
into the hands of the negroes against their mas-
ters, backed and supported by the Federal Gov-
ernment, they never can be made a subjected race
again.
Uut I have no idea that this scheme will ever be
consummated. It will end,as I verily believe, in
a war between the white and the black races, and
ultimately terminate in the extermination of the
black race from the land. That will be the end of
the whole thing. The arming of the negro is his
absolute and total destruction. I am therefore
opposed to this scheme. I am opposed to it be-
cause I think it is opposed to the whole scope of
the theory upon which our Government was estab-
lished, and upon which it can alone be maintained.
This is a Government of white men, made by white
men for white men, to be administered, protected,
defended, and maintained by white men; and no
other kind of Government will I ever be satisfied
with, and the people of this country will be satis-
fied with nothing else.
I am therefore opposed to all these schemes,
and have consistently from the beginning voted
against them, because I believed that they were
opposed to the very life of the nation. Much has
been said here of the life of the nation. Sir, the
nation has but one life. It was created by the Con-
stitution. The Union is the offspring of the Con-
stitution, and every blow struck at that Constitu-
tion is a blow at the life of the nation; and you
gentlemen have been wielding loftily your imple-
ments of deadly warfare against the life of the
nation, stabbing it in all its vital parts; and thia
accounts for that great reaction in the public sen-
timent of the country alluded to b}' the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] That contest
was a conteston principle. When the President
of the United States issued that proclamation of
the 22d of September for the purpose of freeing
the negro race, and followed it two days after-
wards by another proclamation for the pin pose of
subjugating and enslaving the white race to ena-
ble him to execute his deciees and proclamations,
the whole country became alarmed. They were
shocked at the monstrous usurpations of power
on the part of the President of the United States,
usurping powets that no statesman or legislator
had at any time before m the history of the coun-
try until these evil times ever thought of. Sir, we
fought that contest under every possible disad-
vantage. We had to go to the polls and cast our
votes under the threats and menaces of the min-
ions of power. Provost marshals wereappointed
in every county in Oh 10, and political arrests wei e
made almost daily and nightly m every part of
the State, in my own county, nine free white
citizens of the United States and of the State of
Ohio, loyal to the Constitution, and in their very
heart's coie devoted to the Union, weie arrested
and incarcerated, some in the county jail, some
in the military prison at Cincinnati, and some
detained in military camps, not for the commis-
sion of any crime or any offense against the law,
not even for a violation of any proclamation, bull,
or decree of the President of the United States,
but because they were Democrats. It was not
