746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
bill be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL COMMANDANT AT MAKE ISLAND.
* Mr. LOW, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a jointresolution fixing the pay of
the commandant of the na v y-yard at Mare Island,
California; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. EDWARDS. I should like to have some
explanation of that joint resolution.
Mr. LOW. Mr. Speaker, in explanation of the
joint resolution, I desire to say to the House that
the pay was formerly fixed by law, and that this
commandant of the navy-yard at Mare Island had
a higher rate of pay than was attached to the grade
of the officer who held that position. The living
there was more expensive, and he had to pay for
his own transportation to and from the navy-yard.
The principle of this resolution is the same one that
has been applied to all of the officers in the State
of California—the expenses are higher for every-
thing, and it costs much more to live there than it
does anywhere else. Therefore a higher rate of
pay is necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. How much does this
increase this officer's pay?
Mr. LOW. It increases it from $9,800 to $3,500
a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know anything
about this particular case, but it seems to me to
be the same old story. We arc making new offices
and increasing salaries. It seems to me that we
have gone far enough, and that it is now time to
stop in this work of extravagance. This officer
has been in California, 1 have no doubt, for a long
time, and he has lived upon his salary up to the
present time, and we are asked now, in a time of
war, to increase it. I raise my protest against it,
and I hope that the bill will be rejected.
Mr. LOW. When this officer was appointed
he had a salary as a captain in the Navy of $3,600;
but by the grade bill, passed at the last session of
Congress, it was reduced to the sum of $2,800.
This proposition only fixes the salary at §3,500,
$100 less than what it was before. I can say that
the resolution is not only indorsed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, but that it has the sanc-
tion of the Navy Department. If there be further
objection, and it be desired, I will have a letter
from the commandant of the yard read on this
subject.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I want
to ask the gentleman from California a question.
Has not the reason for the increase of salaries in
California substantially passed away ? Have not
the rates of living there been so reduced as substan-
tially to make the same pay do there as in other
States this side of the Rocky mountains?
Mr. LOW. No, sir. I will say with all frank-
ness to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
expenses are much higher there still than they are
upon this side. When the salaries of the officers
were reduced at the lastsession,thesalariesof the
officers on the other side were fixed at a rate twen-
ty-five per cent, higher than those of the officers
on this side.
Mr. Speaker, this only increases the salary of
the commandant of the navy-yard at Mare Isl-
and, from $2,800 to £3,500. The superintendent
employed at that navy-yaid, a civil officer, has
been receivinga salary of £4,000. In other words,
the subordinate officer receives a much higher sal-
ary. I will further remark that 1 have seen the
Secretary of the Navy, and that the salary of that
superintendent has been reduced. If, therefore,
this increase of salary be given to the command-
ant of the navy-yard, the general expenses of the
yard will not be incieased.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I only want to
add a few words to what my colleague has said.
The position of the commandant of the navy-yard
at Mare Island, California, is a very responsible
one. He has necessarily heavier responsibility
imposed upon him than is imposed upon the com-
mandant of any navy-yard upon the Atlantic, be-
cause he is a long distance away from the Navy
Department, and he has upon very many import-
ant matteis to.exercise his own discietion. Itis
the only point on the Pacific coast where United
States and other vessels can be repaired; is an im-
portant yard, requiring care,skill, and reliability
in the commandant, which qualities cannot there
be secured at the rates paid on this side.
It must be understood by the House that the
price of every article of necessity and luxury is
nigher in California than in the East. Once they
were much higher than now, and salaries were
greater than at present. As the cost of living has
become reduced salaries have been gradually less-
ened, until they are now not much higher than
here. We never object to reasonable reductions.
But there is a point at which reduction must stop
if you want Government service performed.
It is said the present commandant of the navy-
yard has been living there for years, and been able
to live on the present salary. He has not been
there one year. He went there at a time when the
powers of the Government were being usurped,
when here and there the authority of the Govern-
ment was unsettled, and when there was a neces-
sity, as was believed, of having a firm and reliable
man there for the purpose of saving that State to
the Union; not that the people wanted to go out,
but to prevent its being forced out by the machin-
ations of politicians. The Government looked
about for a man for that navy-yard, and the pres-
ent commandant was selected because of his in-
tegrity, high character, and firm and devoted loy-
alty. He was detached from the Gulf squadron,
a more desirable place, where there was higher
pay and a chance for prize money, and sent out
to take this position. Since he has been out there
his salary has been cut down, and we propose
now to restore it nearly to the original amount.
It is a just bill, and should pass.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What is the pro-
posed increase?-.
Mr. SARGENT. Some seven hundied dollars.
Itisan increase from £2,800 to £3,500.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. In what currency
does this officer receive his pay ?
Mr. SARGENT. In greenbacks, which have
depreciated forty per cent, out there. The com-
mandant of that navy-yard lias to live in some
kind of state, to extend a measurable hospitality.
He cannot live at a second-class boarding-house.
When officers of the Navy or prominent citizens
call upon him, he has to receive and entertain
them. His expenses, of course, must be heavy;
and even with sea pa* the salary is inadequate.
A citizen living in that State as people of his class
ordinarily do on this side, would not be able to get j
along on the salary paid to this gentleman. I
have no wish to press exemptions or exceptional
legislation for my State. But the condition of
things there cannot be ignored. You must pay
men something like the value of their services in
the place where rendered, or you must put up
with poor services. 1 think the latter the dearest
plan for the Government.
♦Mr. EDWARDS. The words of the bill are
"the sea pay of his grade/' I think that it has
been agreed by the House that fixing the pay of
officers in that way was very objectionable. It
seems to me that the specific sum should be stated
in the bill. And I have another objection, if
this bill passes, the salary of this commandant
will vary with the grade of the officer who hap-
pens to hold the position.
In relation to the amount of pay, I have not
much to say. Evidently the bill proposes an in-
crease, and if the gentleman from California had
answered the question of the gentleman from
Massachusetts m the way in which I should have
put the question, and that is, whether the ex-
penses of living in California now are relatively
as high in proportion to the expenses of living
all over the country as they were some ten years
since, I think he would have answered the ques-
tion differently.
Mr. LOW. I answered the gentleman from
Massachusetts definitely.
Mr. EDWARDS. For the purpose of testing
this question, I will move to amend by striking
out the words " the sea pay of his grade," and j
inserting " £3,000 per annum." :
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the joint [
resolution upon the table. j
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I call for tellers, j
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the House will give !
us the yeas and nays upon the passage of the res-
olution, I will withdraw the motion to lay it on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon the pas-
sage of the resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. The previous question has
not been called upon this resolution?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 desire to answer the in-
quiry of the gentleman from New Hampshire.
The amount of salary which is proposed to be
fixed by this resolution is not so large as the pay
which this officer had at the time he was sent to
California, a few months ago. By our legislation
we have cut down his salary since he went there.
He was induced to go there by representations
made by the Department and by the delegation
from California, at a time of public danger. Since
he went there the salary has been cut down, and
we propose by this resolution to restore it to the
original amount. We arc not legislating to in-
crease a salary, nor are we setting any precedent
at all. I think this a sufficient reply to the objec-
tion made by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire and the gentleman from New York.
Mr. OLIN. When did this officer go there?
Mr. SARGENT. In the spring of 1862.
Mr. OLIN. By what authority has the salary
been cut down ?
Mr. SARGENT. By the grade-bill of the
Navy.
Mr. OLIN. And his salary was cut down just
the same as the salary of every other officer.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ne w Hampshire [Mr. Ed wards] was notagreed to.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and beingengrossed,itwas
accordingly read the third time.
The question being upon the passage of the
resolution, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered, it was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 55, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alloy, At-hley, Baker, Baxter,
Bingham. Samuel s3. Blair, Jilakc, Jluffinton, Burnham,
Colfax, Lloseoe Conklitig, Conway, Cutler, Dawes, DeU
auo, Dunn, Eliot, Samuel C. Fus.^endcn, Thomas A. D.
Fessenden, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Grantor, Gnrley,
Jlaight, Hooper, Julian, Kelley.Fianeis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kello<™, Lehman, Kovejoy,Low, IJIeKean, Mc'Krnght,
Moisten, Mitchell, Noell, Odcll, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Riddle. Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Verree, Wallace, Albert S. White,
Wil-on, Windom, and Worcester—55.
NAY.S—'Mossna. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Babbitt, Beamati, Middle, Calvert, Chamberlain,
Chuk, Clements, Frederick A. Conkling, Cox, Crittenden,
Davis, Edwards, Ely, Grider, Hall, Harding, Harrison,
Hutching Johnson, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law,Lazear, Leary,
LoomU, McPherson, Mallory, May, Maynard, Menzies,
Morris, Noble, Pendleton, Peiry, Porter, John II. Rice, Rob-
inson, Shcllabargcr, VVitoin G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Trowbridge, Wad&worth^Tashbume, Webster, Whaley,
Wickliffe, Woodruff, Wright, and Yeaman—53.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. LOW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (y. No. 430) to pro-
vide for the protection of overland emigrants to
the States and Territories of the Pacific; and an
act (S. No. 463) to increase the clerical and other
force of the Quartermaster General's Office, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
Sam6' NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeonthe state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up the Navy appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
allow the committees to be called. I have one bili
from the Territorial Committee which I desire
to report.
Mr. STEVENS. That can be done to-morrow.
I want to send this appropriation bill to the Sen-
ate as soon as possible.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Roscoe Conkling in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
708) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of June, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
