1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
additional appointments, and invited members of
Congress to make nominations?
Mr. CALVERT. I will tell the gentleman how
I found it out. I got a letter all the way from
Newport, asking me to go to the Navy Depait-
mcnt and apply to have the Secretary of the
Navy give a young man in Newport an appoint-
ment, saying that, with my recommendation, he
would be certainly appointed. I immediately re-
plied that he must be mistaken; that if there was
any appointment to make from Rhode Island, it
would, ofpourse, be on the nomination of a Rhode
Island member of Congress. I received a second
letter still insisting on the truth of the first state-
ment. I went, then, to the Secretary ofthe Navy,
and was informed by that officer that he had found
a naval necessity for making these appointments.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that this House will too
much respect itself to permit any Department of
the Government to infringe upon its rights when
those rights are so plainly laid down by the law
as they are in respect to the appointment of mid-
shipmen. I trust they will adopt this amendment.
I hope the House will have sufficient regard for
its own self-respect to at once admonish the gentle-
man who is at the head of the Navy Department
that he must abide by the laws passed by Congress,
notwithstanding he has undertaken, in his report,
to lecture Congress about interfering with what
he calls an executive right of appointment.
Now? sir, every one of those appointments was
illegal,and this House,knowing them to be illegal,
ought not to vote one dollar for the support or
maintenance of these midshipmen so appointed.
That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 have but a word to say.
These appointments were all made without the
knowledge or consent of any member of the del-
egation from my State. This report, so far as I
have had the opportunity to examine it, shows
that two were appointed upon the recommendation
of a. Senator, and one upon the recommendation
of a gentleman unknown to me. No Representa-
tive from that State in either branch of Congress
had any opportunity affoided him of making a
nomination. I agree entirely in all the gentleman
from Maryland has said as to the propriety of
these appointments,and as to the mannerin which
they should he treated by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland has something practical m reference to
this matter; something that will put an end to it.
i want to say that these appointments were made
in my district under ciicumstances of more ag-
gravation than i have stated. I was informed by
the Navy Department that there weie no vacan-
cies in the Naval Academy to be filled from my
district, and I so informed applicants who called
on me. But when I come here I find -that three
appointments have been made from my district,
on the recommendation of a gentleman from New
York, without consultation, so far as I know, with
anybody in that district. I hope the gentleman
has something to present that will cut them oiT.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It occurs to me
that the gentleman's amendment is not in the
exact form to leach the object he intends to accom-
plish. He proposes that no money shall be appro-
priated for the support of the seventy-six mid-
shipmen illegally appointed. It strikes me that
this is so general in its form that it cannot or will
not be applied to the accomplishment of what I
desire to see carried out. it should be so framed
as to rebuke the head of the Navy Department,
and effectually prevent him from carrying out his
action in making these seventy-six illegal appoiot-
men ts.
Now, I will say to the House that 1 wa.? noti-
fied some months ago that there was a vacancy in
my district, and invited to nominate some one to
fill it. The communication did not reach me until
the time had about expired for the appointment,
and when I returned to Washington i suggested
to the very distinguished gentleman in charge of
that bureau, thatT would like an extension of
time; but with a dignity that becomes men in high
places, I was informed that I must make my
appointment in time, or it would in some way
break in upon their arrangements m the Naval
School. Like a man in humble life as I am, I sub-
mitted to that kind of lecture from this high otfi-
eial as gracefully as I could, and rethed supposing
that 1 should lose the opportunity of getting my
nominee m. I always submit gracefully to the
decisions of these men with such an exalted opin-
ion of the dignity of their position—I invariably
receive more consideration from the heads ofthe
Departments themselves than from these subor-
dinates.
A Member. And so does everybody else.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, after a
while I received another communication, and in
response to it I sent my lecommendation in as
respectfully as l®could, and I suppose it was filed
and the young man appointed.
Now, sir, I desire that this amendment shall be
so framed as to reach all these students thus irreg-
ularly appointed who are in that list, and I hope-
my friend from Maryland will so frame it as to
reach them. If 1 have filled the vacancies which
it was my right to fill by nomination as a member
of this House, I do not desire that any language
shall be used such as shall by any possibility
reach them. I suggest that the term " illegally
appointed" is too broad. If there is any way of
evading the provision, the disbursing officer, who
is piobably of the same way of thinking as the
head of the Depattment, will probably evade it.
I wish to say that the appointees from my State
in this list I know nothing about. 1 have no
doubt they are very worthy young men. One of
them was recommended by a gentleman in Chi-
cago, and the other was recommended by some one
here. I, for one, as a Representative upon this
floor, protest against gentlemen outside making
nominations which the statute declares shall only
be made by the members of this House. I hope
that there will not be one vote against discharg-
ing the midshipmen who have been illegally ap-
pointed. 1 hope that the resolution will be so
drawn as fully to accomplish that pin pose.
Mr. CALVERT. I modify my motion so that
it wdl read as follows:
Wlteif rw, The Societal y ofthe Navy has il]< j*n!ly appointed
lite follow nm, (a-: .ipp-ai^ l>\ the public document-:)
John C. Rich. Montiromesy R Schuyler, William T. Biu-
wcll. C. li. Gill, Geoijre M. Dop.mee, Jame« Moore. Trua-
cis Peikius?, Allan G. Paul. Honiv Tievot Cook. Richard
Sloekioti. Euw.ud YV. Rrmey, S. "NichoWon Kane. Tln'o-
doie L> Williams. Charl*-- E tft.ur. Matthew The-
odore M Kmnu, Hesuy *vT Ridgely, Ftank VV.Nieliol-, Ed-
watd II WiKori, Chailes Taylor Jewett, flarokl S. I'eek,
Franklin kneads, A. 15. II iaihe, Jerome E. Morse, Ed-
\\a:d Itrn Scaler. Daniel D<*iah;uity, Jane-v A. Earner,
Geoige Maxwell, ji., U. M;wm bi>le, Cootie Pence, Allen
(\ Kelion. I]t;rbeit Cu-limim, {lent; W. Price, .fame-; S.
Thatchei, < 'liailes if. Jntid. Cii,tiles S. Sperrw Chiton T.
Adanw, S LHuii<\\ i-V-ld, S.'th M \ekh-y, Lewis J. bull,
Jauu's Hutchinson. James E tteebe, WiIhamT. Swin-
burne, Edwaid Woodman.ThadUeit- Ander>on, Cliatles
Keunoi. William P. Xiohol-on, Alb< il J Konney, Cm-lt-
rman Brale, Ch.ules 11 .Ienk>. Fiedenek A. Belknap, II.
G O. Colby, Biehaid JL. Kn^. J.une-5 Robeit Adam-, John
M. 1> nub old, William X Wheleu. Ai Una A. I>oj d, Blooui-
hcia M< Pv;un<\ John For-Ul) Mmus*. nrnij Ware Lyon,
John nuneontb, A a Walkei. Chailes Pieston, W. Laflin
Field, j,int!\- II Cai penfr. Samuel Lawience, jr., C. [I. E.
Stoi'khi.di>r, Cbaile- H. Gookia, Chuilc-(Fume.-,
FiVri.'iiek Wilmot GaidiH'i, .Andrew Aluxando Blair,
Geoi e W. Co-ter, jr., Jlenij f. Biid^e, /I. L. Mansfield,
Lyman G Spalding, jr.. William F. Hall :
It u hereby enacted, Thai the ahnve seventy-sit midship-
men be diichaiyed lrom ihe Yava! Academy, tbeie being no
law loi Uien appointment or r-uppoit.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think that it would be ex-
tremely unwise to adopt an amendment like (hut,
which has for Us object to turn these young men
out of the Naval School. 1 have no objection to
an omendmenr pro\ iding foi the pioventson of the
sanYu thing again as that which is objected to.
Mi. WASH BURN E. j a.sk my colleague what
right have otlxus to interfere with the appoint-
ments which belong to os? If these appointments
me lo be mad'\ they ought to be made legally.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understand that every gen-
tleman lias h?td the opportunity to make every ap-
pointment that belong? to him. We have had our
SJmio.
All. WASIiBURNE. If the number be en-
larged, the menibeis ought to hav<> their nomina-
tion under the law, and nut men ft om the District
of Columbia, who have no right in the premises.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have not learned from tiny
member that he has not had all the appointments
that the law g!\es him. I do not care to defend
the Sectet.iry of the Navy,but I shall voteagainst
the remoutl of those young men.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move the following
amendment:
Resolved, That tin- acting itmMupmcn appointed by the
Neeretaiy ol the Navj' dut tug lie- late jcetss ot" Compel,
as named m Executive Document \o. 0, Ilou^e ol' Uepre-
•seni.iuves, thud ?e-non Thirty-Seventh Congiess,shall be
<it once dischrirjred Itom rbo Naval Academy; and no pan
of any money that shall be appropriated shall be applied tft
payment of said cadets after the passage of this act. •
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker paving
resumed me chair, Mr. Roscoe Conkijng re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on life
state of the Union had, according to order,'had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the Navy appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE COUPS.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution authorizing the payment
of certain officers of the Pennsylvania reserve
corps of volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
five minutes to five o^lock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 6, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLEY presented tRe memorial of J. O.
Armes, praying compensation for property seized
and damages done to his property by United
States troops-, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. COWAN presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the organiza-
tion of a. reliable and permanent camp-hospital
and ambulance corps for the proper care of our
sick and wounded soldiers; which were-referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. . *
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania for the passage of a law
establishing a national currency on the basis of
the plan recommended by th^ Secretary of the
Treasury, and fixing a limit on its issue by the
currency department based on the idative propor-
tion of currency to the value of property; which
were ordeied to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New Yoik, and also a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, for the organization of a reliable
and permanent camp-hospital and ambulance
corps for the proper enre of our sick and wounded
soldiers; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LATHAM presented a memorial of gold
and silver mining companies of California and
Nevada Territory, praying that the act of the Ne-
vada Territorial Legislature, entitled "An act to
provide for the formation of corporations for cer-
tain purposes," may notbe confirmed; which was
ordered to he on the table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memoiiat
of Citizens of Ohio, lemonstrating against any re-
duction ofthe tax on spintuous and malt hquois
ofany kind; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
KXKCUTIVB COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laidheforetheSenate
a letter of the Secietary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a communication from the Commissioner of
Indian Affans, and accompanying papers, show-
ing what amount of goods belonging to the Yanc-
ton Sioux Indians of Dakota Territory were lost
on the th of August, 18G'2, by the sinking of the
steamer J. G. Monow, and recommending an
appropriation to compensate them for their loss;
winch was refeired to the Committee on Indian
Alfjirs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
I Senate a message from the Piesident of the United
Slates, tiansnuttsiig a report with accompanying
doeumt. nts in answer to ti resolution of the Senate
of the ,'jOth ultimo, relative fo thn building of ships
of war for the Japanese Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to he printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
■ o whom wiu referred tliQ bill (H. R. No, 5G2)
