1&63-.J.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
37th Cong....3d Sbss.
French Irlterference in Mexico—Mr. McDougcM.
Mexico at all in favor of a monarchy is the Church party,
and that merely heeause it sees no other pco«pect whatever
of regaining influence with the Mexican people.
" 2. The Church party embraces all that is bigoted and
fanatical in the country, and is therefore retiogressive in
policy and at variance with the spirit of the age"; and it is
detested by a great majority of the people, who aee in favor
of a liberal policy."
I read this that it may he understood what were
the views of an English monarchist in regard to
the true sentiments of the Mexican people, and to
show whether or not it is true that the Emperor
Napoleon III is in fact lending aid to the majority
of that people for the purpose of establishing a
firm Government! Now, let me read from a letter
of Earl Russell to Sir Charles Wyke, on the same
question, as to the policy of the French Govern-
ment:
"The difference which lias arisen between the French
Government on the one side, and the fintii.li and Spanish
Governments on the other, is gieatly to bo deplored; yet it
is to be remarked that it is a difference lather as tn'faclH
than as to principle. The Fiench embassador by oider of
his Government, signed most willingly tile convention of
the 31st of October, b> which the. allies pledged themselves
not to interfere with the light of the people of Mexico to
choose then own ioim of government. But the etnpeioi"
and his Government appear to be peisuaded that the name
of Ferdinand Maximilian, put foith by General Almonte,
will pioduce a general burst of enthusiasm in Mexico, and
a universal adhesion to that prince in the provinces. Now,
either this is an eiror, or it is not."
* * * * * * * * * *
" The only apprehension of a serious kind which J enter-
tain is, that the French general, anxious for Uie cau<*c of
inonaiehy and of Catholic unity, may lend the aid of the
French arms to the reactionaiy party in Mexico, and thus
give fresh hie to the civil war, which appeals at present to
have almost died away."
When the civil war had, in fact, died away;
when the regular constitutional Government was
in full authority; when all the leading men of the
reactionary party had been chiven forth into exile,
then comes the French Government, apparently
with the support of England and Spain, to over-
turn the Government that had then the appearance
of stability, and certainly had constitutional form
and authority. Fiance comes forward to over-
thiow that Government, and establish a monarchy
in its stead. This purpose again appears more
particularly from the p} oces verbul had at Orizaba,
after the difference between the allies, for the pur-
pose of preserving the causes of theirseveral com-
plaints and differences. I quote from the Blue
Book. "The Count de Reus"—the same with
General Prim, the Spanish commander—
The Count de Reus then questions M. de Saligny ic-
speetmg a pei^onal transaction; the latter appears to have
said to Colonel Menduiua, Govt inur oi Vera Cruz, and to
M. Cortes, consul lor Spain m (lie port, that the Count de
Ileus only found fault with the project of Mexican inon-
aichy in favor oi the Aichduke because he himself a«=pned
to get himself ciowned Empenu of Mexico; and he ap-
peals even to have declaied that lie possessed proof of this.
The Count de Reus exclaims loudly agamst such an asser-
tion, and summon> hi* colleague to give*explanations on
the subject, arid me that <uich an absmd leportin the mouth
of the public would not have possessed any importance, hut
that coming from M. de Saligny it acquired <i senou?- as-
pect ; and that, Ja-tly, if the proofs existed ol this he insisted
on their pioduction.
" The French commissioner remembers, it is true, having
spoken in this sense; but he only repeated what was pub-
licly reported."
The minister, Saligny, here admits he had stated
that the only reason why the Co un t de Re us.found
fault with Maximilian, was that he, De Reus,
wished to be king himself, admitting his own po-
sition and that of his Government by the very
statement. It was well understood that this was
French policy at an early day, and the proof of
it runs through both the American and English
correspondence on Mexican affairs. It is strange
our Secretary could not see it. It is, then, un-
questionably'true that France, first averring to the
woild and assuring us that she had no purpose to
more than collect a mere money debt due French
citizens, at the same time designed, under cover
of false, fraudulent, and unfounded pretexts, the
subjugation of Mexico, and the placing upon a
throne to be established in Mexico an Austrian
prince.
I think I have done with so much of the dis-
cussion. I will now discuss what I regard as
other points ot French policy.
France has no country affording a home supply
of the precious metals. It is otherwise with Rus-
sia, Austria, and England, as also with this Repub-
lic. France has no considerable colonial posses-
New Series—No, 7.
sions to which she can direct her own emigrating
population and at the same time add to the strength
of France. She has no such countries tributary
as are India, Australia, and Canada to England.
From the time of Richelieu she has sought to build
up a colonial and commercial policy, from and by
which to derive wealth and strength to the central
State, and during the same time to secure a coun-
try producing largely the precious metals, with a
view to control both their use and direction. In
the pursuitof her policies, France has always been
the most unscrupulous and aggressive of the mod-
ern European States.
What cause had France for her assault upon
the Sandwich Islands, except to get the posses-
sion of a certain commanding commercial posi-
tion in the Pacific ocean ? What for her assault
upon the natives of the Society Islands ? What for
her taking possession of the island of New Cale-
donia, when it was not her right by discovery or
by any of the laws of nations ? W hat for her ag-
gressive war against the Annamitos, the people
of Cochin China? What for her outrageous assault
upon the King of Siain but two or three years since?
What, but a determination to get certain com-
manding positions without regard to right, with-
out regard to law, but for the benefit and strength
of the central Government of Franco? What right
had France in Africa; and for what purpose, but
to gratify the mob of Pans, was that brave prince
of the desert, Abdcl Kader, brought fi om his na-
tive plains a captive, as was once a British king
to grace a Roman triumph ? Perhaps he contem-
plates making Juarez, the distinguished patriot
and chief of the Mexican republic, a similar ex-
hibition, with which to feast the eyes of French
curiosity. All these several acts of invasion have
been made regardless of right, without it be the
robber's right; and the crime of robbery is not
diminished because done in the name of kings or
em perors.
I will now approach matters nearer home. The
possession of the territories, now part of the Uni-
ted States on the Pacific, was contemplated by
the first Napoleon. The French voyageurs and
trappers from Canada and Louisiana, traveled,
trapped, and hunted from the Russian possessions
in the north to theGulfofCalifornia. Among these
persons, our own mountain men, and even the
Indian tribes, are still to be found the evidences
of his policy. In 1839 Marshal Soult, then Prime
Minister to Louis Philippe, detached M. Dnfioi de
Mofras fiom the legation at Madrid, and assigned
him to the legation in Mexico, with instructions
to examine and report upon the value and con-
dition of the Pacific coast from the Gulf of Cali-
fornia north. His work was published in Paris
in 1844, in two volumes. His business was to
ascertain the facilities and advantages of planting
French establishments upon that coast. The ad-
vantages to France for commeicial purposes, par-
ticularly in relation to the prospective trade with
China and Japan, in securing a position m Cali-
fornia and Oregon, as well as the islands of the
Pacific, are set forth in the strongest teims. In
writing of California he says:
" It is evident to us that California may belong to what-
ever nation may choose to send there a sloop-of-war and
two hundred men."
And again:
" Of all this.vast extent of country, comprised between
the equatoi and lieluing's straits, the southern pait of Oie-
gon and Upper California form the portion which by its
central position seems destined to acqune the greatest im-
portance."
Here, what was temptation for the French King
is now infinitely more tempting to the French
Emperor.
In 1850 the French Government, under the pre-
text of disbanding and providing for a portion of
the Garde Mobile, fitted out and sent to California
a large body of these experienced soldiers, who
were immediately taken under the protection and
patronage of M." Dillon, then French consul at
San Francisco. The heavy emigration of our own
people from this side of the mountains was not
then anticipated by France. The political nature
of this movement has been well understood in Cal-
ifornia. A large body of experienced French vet-
erans, supported by a largo French emigration,an
emigration favored by the Government of France,
under the management of the French represent-,
ative, a man of consummate address and talent,
was sufficient to arrest the attention."of even-• &''
looker-on in California. The people of San Ffarn- *
cisco had some taste of the quality of these gen-
tlemen of the sword in the unfortunate disturb-
ances of 3856. These French soldiers, to a man',
took up arms against the authorities and the laws,
and a wilder and fiercer set of desperadoes never
established any reign of terror. They insisted on
taking the city prison by assault, they demanded
a wholesale slaughter of obnoxious citizens, and
particularly the city and State officials, and from
the first, until finally disbanded, their watchword
was revolution. x\heir demand for lives, and' a
revolutionary movement throughout the State,
alarmed every good citizen connected with the
movement, of which they made so prominent a
feature, and but for this timely alarm they would
have caused the streets of the city of San Fran-
cisco to run red with blood. But France has not
rested with establishing a military and physical
power in California; in addition to this military
nucleus and a large French emigrant population,
she has promoted the establishment of a French
moneyed power in that State. Through the sys-
tem of moneyed associations organized in Paris,
the capital to be used in California, that State is
almost as badly mortgaged to the French as Mex-
ico was to the Church and the monasteries*. I state
these things not merely to indicate French policy
on the Pacific, but to show further that France is
now a latent power in our Pacific possessions.
But there is more to be said m this connection.
The expedition started, in 1852, by the French
Count de Raousset-Boulbon was at the instance
of the French consul, one of the ablest diplomats
France has ever had abroad; and it met with di-
rect countenance and assistance from the French
minister plenipotentiary in Mexico. De Raous-
set-Boulbon organized his well-armed party of
Frenchmen in California, went down to Sonora,
boasting to a friend of mine in Sari Francisco that,
if successful in his undertaking, he would " send
a ship to France which would buy the empire."
He quarreled with the Mexican Governor of
Sonora, attacked him m Humostllo, the principal
city of the State, and captured the place. He
was, however, too weak in numbers to hold the
State, and did not, as he probably expected, find
the people ready to accept his rule; so he made
terms with Governor Blanco, extorted a sum of
money from him sufficient to defray the expenses
of his party back to California, and temporarily
abandoned Sonora, predicting a speedy return,
with better results.
In those days Santa Anna was playing, or at-
tempting to play, in Mexico the sarcie game so
successfully carried on by Louis Napoleon in
France. Santa Anna commenced his progress by
ad opting the title of "Serene Highness," doubt-
less bad the high approval of Louis Napoleon's
minister in Mexico. The wily and sagacious
chieftain summoned the bold and talented De
Raousset-Boulbon to his capital, and appointed
him colonel in the Mexican army; and wiih this
commission he returned to California, with the
purpose of organizing a French force of three
thousand men for the occupation of Sonora, Lower
California, and Sinaloa, and thus to gain the con-
trol of the sea of Coites. As was well stated by
the Revue des deux JWondes, " perhaps he himself
dreamed of the empire of Mexico,u
The enlistment j organizing, and arming of this
force proceedfd in California under the patronage
of Monsieur Dillon, the Fiench consul, and that
of Santa Anna's vice consul at the same port.
The attention of our Govei n men t was attracted to
the movements, and General Wool promptly took
measures to asceitain its beaiings and its extent.
Dillon became alauned and published a proclama-
tion, carefully woided, which, while it would save
the appearance of complicity on the part of the
French Emperor, would not seriously injure the
prospects of the enterprise. He cautioned all
French subjects to carefully abstain from joining
any expedition which would place them out of the
reach of their Government's protection, but at the
same time professed in private to see nothing ille-
gal m DeRaousset's enterprise. A large ship, the
Challenge, one of the best ships that ever sailed
