750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the relief of the estate of Lieutenant Joseph
Wheaton, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment and adversely.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
494) to give greater efficiency to the judicial sys-
tem of the United States, reported it i#ith amend-
ments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred a certified copy of
-an act entitled "An act to amend and supplemental
to an act to provide for the assessing and col-
lecting county and territorial revenue," of the
Legislature of the Territory of Nevada, have in-
structed me to report it back, and to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Territories, to
which it appropriately belongs.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same committee, to
whom was referred part of a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, recommending an appropri-
ation for the benefit of the Indians in Utah and
other tribes with whom there are no treaties, have
instructed me to ask that they be discharged fiom
so much of it as was referred to them, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The report was ngired to.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 492) to amend the laws relating
to the Post Office Department, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. It. No. 684) to incorporate the Washington
Theater Company, reported it without amend-
ment.
DUTY ON PAPER.
^ Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire Into tile expediency of reducing the duty upon
printing paper, and to leport by bill oi otheiwi&e.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN* MULLAH.
Mr, NESMITII submitted the following; reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and lie is hereby,
directed to furnish to tho Senate the report and maps of
Captain John Mullan, Minted Suites Army.ot his operations
while engaged m the construction ot' the nulitaiy road from
Foit Walla-Walla, on thy Columbia, to I«'oit Benton, on
the Missoun river.
BILLS INTHODUOKD.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intioduce.a bill (S. No.
506) to prevent and punish frauds upon the reve-
nue, to provide for the more certain and speedy
collection of claims in favor of the United States,
and for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to he printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
507) for the relief of the Wyandottlndians, agree-
ably to certain treaty stipulations; which was read
twice by its fide, arid referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the Senate dhagtee to the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the Senate's fust amend-
ment, and insist on its other amendments to the bill (H R.
No. 617) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations tor the !
service ot the fiscal year ending June .10, and agree to '
the conference asked by the House of lleprec t*ntutivoa on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Retired, That the committee on the pait of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes-
senden, Mr. Sherman", and Mr. Wilson of Mis-
souri, the committee.
MKSSAOE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives hail passed the follow-'
ing bills and joint resolutions, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 722) to abolish certain post roads;
A bill (No. 724) to amend an act entitled "An
act to grant pensions," approved July 14, 1863;
February 6,
A joint resolution (No. 140) authorizing the
Navy Department to allow to Paymaster Gilbert
E. Thornton $4,500 in the settlement of his ac-
counts, for money stolen from him without fault
or negligence on his part;
A joint resolution (No. 142) providing for ad-
justment of the accounts of Henry W. Diman;
A joint resolution (No. 143) authorizing the
appointment of a commissioner to revise and cod-
ify the naval laws of the Unitecf States;
A joint resolution (No. 144) to compensate the
sailors on the gunboat Cairo for loss of clothing;
and
A joint resolution (No. 145) fixing the pay of
the commandant of theiiavy-yaid at Mare Island,
California.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 635) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1864; asked a conference of the
two Houses thereon; and appointed Mr.Tiiaddeus
Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Augustus Frank
of New York, and Mr. C. L. Vai.landigham of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, Tlmt the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the bill (II. It. No.635) making appiopuanons for thelegis-
Jativc, executive, and judicial expenses of the Government
foi the your ending the 3(Uh of June, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and agree to the conference
aslced thereon.
Resolved* That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes-
senden, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Rice.
HEIRS OF STEPHEN JOHNSTON.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Stephen Johnston.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Haulan.]
Mr. CLARK. Let the amendment be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the bill after the word, " whereas," in
tjie commencement of the preamble, and to insert
thu following in lieu thereof:
By a treaty made with the Pottawatomie tribe of Indians,
neai the mouth oftheMississinewa river, upon the Wabasli,
on the 16th day of October, 1826, there was granted to the
heirs of Stephen Johnston, killed by the Pottawatomie In-
dians, one half section of land, to he located under the di-
rection of the Pi evident of the United States, which said
half «oction of land selected, as the «^aid hens afrerwaids
learned, was fractional, containing but two hundred and
eighty-two acres, and was, as they alleged, of mfeiior qual-
ity j on winch account they weie authorized, by a special
act of Congiess approved July 20, 1810. to relinquish said
land to tlie United State?, and the Pi esident was requested
 ' to cause the Commissioner of the Geneial Land Office to
issue to the children of the said Stephen Johnston and Ehz-
aoc-th Johnston, or to their heirs, a certificate receivable in
payment at any land office in the United States for any halt
section not subject to pieemptton to which certificate so
N-aied was appended the official statement of the Commis-
sions of the Geneial Land Ortice, dated Fehruaiy 25, 1843,
construing the said law " to admit the entiy ofany halflec-
tion of the alternate sections along the lino of the Maumoe
canal, adverti.-ed to be sold in June" following; and where-
as the said heirs, on application, not being peimitted to en-
ter a half section of land in the Wyandott receive, m the
State ot Ohio, in accordance with the terms ot the Commis-
sioner's construction of the law, on account of an adverse
decision ot the Attorney General, dated September25, 1845,
wete authorized to do so by special actofUongrcsn approved
March 3, 1847, <• provided the minimum price of said half
section shall not exceed $2 50 per acre," but were unable
to make *>ald entry bee«vu>e of the sale, as it is alleged, of
the whole of said reserve befote the parage of said law ;
and wheieas doubts exist whether >aid certificate can now
be legally located on any public lands subject to preemption
undoi existing law-: Therefore,
Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Interior of
the United States shall, and he is heiebv authorized and
required to, issue to the heirs of the said Stephen Johnston,
in lull satisfaction of said certificate, land senp for three
hundred and twenty acres of public lands of the United
States, iubject to sale at private entry at the rate of §2 50
pei acre, oi for six hundred and foit> acres, subject to sale
as aforesaid, at $1 25 per aeie, to be located according to
legal subdivisions, as military land warrants are now located
under existing laws, m compact bodies of not less than one
hundred and sixty acres each.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been a little surprised
that any one after examining; the subject could in-
sist that the parties having this land certificate are
entitled to the relief indicated in the bill now pend-
ing. The history of xthe case is set forth in the
preamble. There was granted to the heirs of
Johnston a half section of land within an Indian
purchase. This half section of land was selected
under the direction of the President and deeded to
the heirs. They became dissatisfied, and appealed
to Congress for relief to relinquish the grant and
select another half section of land. Congress
granted them the privilege of doing so by special
act; and ever since that period they have had the
right to locate that certificate on any l^nd belong-
ing to the United States. There never 1ms been
a time, there never has been a day or an hour
when they could not have located that certificate
for a half section of land on any of the public lands
of the United States subject to sale; but they have
persistently refused to locate it on the public lands,
and have insisted on the right to locate it on some
reservation. In the first place, after holding the
certificate for a time, they attempted to locate it
on a reservation on the Maumee canal in the State
of Ohio. This Indian purchase was in Indiana,
on the Wabash river, m a new Territory, wheue
tlie land was at that time of but little value. But
•after Congress had granted them this relief—the
right to relinquish the half section selected by the
President—they refused to locate it on the public
lands belonging to the United States, and have
insisted on the right to locate it on some reserva-
tion of more than ordinary value.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to ask him whether they did not have
the right to locate that grant on lands not subject
to preemption ? The point is, not that they had
the right to locate it on lands subject to preemption,
but that they had the right to locate it on lands that
were not subject to preemption.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, sir, I will explain that.
Mr. WADE. We will set itallrightbyand by.
Mr. HARLAN. The phrase " not subject to
preemption," contained in that special act, had a
meaning at that time which it does not have now.
It meant, on any half section of public land to
which a preemption claim had not attached, not
subject to preemption; that is, a half section of
land to which a preemption claim had notattached
at the time, but to which a preemption might at-
tach.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit to the Senatorfrom
Iowa if that does not mean that they have the
right to locate it on any lasids in advance of sur-
veys before anybody else.
Mr. HARLAN. No; not in advance of sur-
veys; and to show that I am right I will read the
decision of the Court of Claims; for this is a case
that has been examined thoroughly by the Court
of Claims and decided adversely to the claimants.
The court says:
There can be no doubt that thfe petitioners' certificate
has not been -satisfied ; but it is still valid, and may at any
tune be u>od by them in the purchase of any half section
of the "'public lands' of the United States not subject to
pieemption, which may be offered for sale under the gen-
eral land laws. To effect this object no further legislation
in their behalf is necessary. The claim now set up by
them is not well founded. Our opinion is that the petition-
ers are not entitled to relief."
Their certificate is now valid.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will indulge
me, I should like to ask what meaning do the
court assign to those words " not subject to pre-
emption ?"
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Attorney General have held that the cer-
tificate might be located on any public lands of
the United States that had been surveyed,and to
which a preemption claim might attach if the pie-
emptor would comply with the conditions of the
preemption law; that it had at that time a tech-
nical meaning.
Mr. COLLAMER. Under the grant to these
heirs, they were to locate it on lands not subject
to preemption.
Mr. HARLAN. They held that that phrase-
ology meant, to which a preemption claim had
not attached, not subject to the claim of a pre-
emptor who was on the land. There is no dif-
ference of opinion about this. The claimants
themselves say, and know they have the right to
go and locate it on any of the surveyed lands of
the United States; but that is not what they want.
They do not want the right to select a half sec-
tion of fair average public lands; but they d^sirftd.
