1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
3fan Cong....Sd Sess.
French Interference in Mexico—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
matter, yet tamely and silently yield, and particu-
larly countenance such disastrous results, await
the time, soon to come, when Prance shall strike
direct at us; and I assure them they will find the
wilderness and the desert places more comforta-
ble for them than national council halls or places
where our people most do congregate.
The States of Europe are not so strong against
us as some seem to fear. The emperors and kings
of Europe stand in slippery places. The present
power of France or Austria is not possessed,
even if at present commanded by cither emperor.
To truly possess the power they seek to continue
to command, demands that the experiment of free
government on this continent shall prove a fail-
ure, and to secure the result of such a failure is
now nearer to the interests, and commands more
of the consideration of those two emperors and
their counselors, than cither the affairs of Italy
or the balance of Europe. Mexico is to-day less
the object of the present French aggression than
the dismemberment and overthrow of the power-
ful Republic of the United States of America.
When anarchy shall have fully taken the place
of the order that once prevailed throughout our
States their thrones will cease to tremble. This
Republic has been the example to all the lovers
of freedom throughout the world. To it is at-
tributed the several revolutions in France and all
the struggles of Germany to realize free govern-
ment. It is not strange that in this time of our
tribulation they should seek to demonstrate the
insufficiency of republican institutions for the
maintenance of an organized and powerful State.
At any day a question may be raised between
emperor and people. I believe that question will
be raised in France whenever for just cause this
Republic is forced into a war with the adminis-
tration of the emperor. But, independent of this,
should it prove true that this Republic, the most
prosperous the world has seen, the people of
which enjoyed every blessing government could
provide, has been destroyed, has failed to main-
tain unity with order, and has sunk into anarchy,
then who will deny that a monarchy and a nobil-
ity arc not necessities? The oppressed multi-
tudes will cease to struggle up against oppression.
There will be no place upon which even the phi-
losopher will dare to plant his foot. He cannot
even dream of free government now or in the
years to come.
I have heard it stated that Louis Napoleon
is friendly to this Government; that those who
control French governmental action are favorable
to this Republic. 1 have heard it stated that our
Secretary of State, who directs our correspond-
ence with Franco, relies upon the friendly assur-
ances of the representative of the French Court
at Washington. The chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in objecting to this dis-
cussion, tells us France is constant in her expres-
sions of friendship. Mr. President, if gentlemen
are not smitten with judicial blindness; if they
can observe anything of the public movements
of the day, they cannot fail to see that equally
with the leader* of rebellion in the South, the
Emperor of Fiance is our determined and dan-
gerous enemy. What is true of the emperor is
true of his Court. Senor de la Fuente, the late
minister of Mexico at Paris, upon his return
truly reported that if one of our citizens being in
Paris should claim that this Republic enjoyed the
favor of France he would be laughed at for his
ignorance. From the day Napoleon ascended to
power as emperor, he has, in fact, exhibited a
hostile aspect. As early as 1855 the desire of the
emperor to break peace with this country was
opertly asserted to some of our officers in Paris
by French officials high in place and power. Napo-
leon wants cotton fields, gold fields, fields for
home emigration, a transit by the Isthmus to the
Pacific; the commanding position on the Pacific;
access to and the control of eastern commerce:
above and beyond all this, he desires to see
the free institutions of this Republic overthrown.
Texas, Louisiana west of the Mississippi, and
the Terre Caliente of Mexico, will answer for his
cotton fields, California and Sonora will answer
for his gold fields, as well as for his home emi-
gration. Either Tehuantepec or Nicaragua will <
answer for his transit to the Pacific. The Pacific i
coast from Mazatlan to the Colombia, with the
great bay of San Francisco, secures him, as
against any Power in the world, the command
of the Pacific and the direction and control of the
trade of China and Japan. When Louis Napoleon
shall have been permitted to do these things we
shall have ceased to be a nation.
I shall now, Mr. President, approach more par-
ticularly the relation of California, Oregon, and
Arizona to the French possession of Mexico. The
States of Sonora and Lower California border on
our possessions. They both possess salubrious
climates; both abound in mineral wealth; and the
extensive and fertile valleys of Sonora are. capable
of supporting a numerous population; they em-
brace both sides of the Gulf of California, which
they command as well as the mouth of the Colo-
rado. Guayamas is one of the best ports on the
Pacific, convenient for trade between Europe and
the East by the way of Cape Horn or the Isthmus.
If Sonora and Lower California become French
territories, the port of San Diego is nearer by land
to the French possessions by four hundred miles
than is San Francisco. The southern part of our
State of California is none too loyal, and many of
our disaffected citizens have moved down into
Arizona and Sonora. Our coast is without even
harbor defenses; we could not at San Francisco
accomplish what is reported as performed at Aca-
pulco. As for field artillery, small arms, and am-
munition, we have scarcely sufficient for the pur-
poses of our Indian frontier. It may be substan-
tially affirmed that we are bare of anything like
moans for even defensive war. A large French
fleet is now visiting the ports of Mexico and Cali-
fornia, and to-day commands our coast. It has
been stated for months, and it has not been con-
tradicted, that eight thousand French troops have
sailed for Sonora. With eight thousand veteran
troops and a well appointed fleet what may we
not have to fear, particularly for the city of San
Francisco, the harbor of San Die^o, and the en-
tire southern half of the State? ^he important
port of San Diego, once rivaling San Francisco,
is at any time at their mercy.
A glance at the map will show that France can
land troops and their supplies on the Colorado
within five days'easy march ofSan Diego, threat-
ening its rear. How is such a movement to be re-
sisted ? Where are the fortifications or intrench-
mcnts or cannon to guard San Diego from such
an attack? Wnere are the men and the arms
which at a month's notice, even, not to say one
week's notice, could be collected to oppose such
a movement? They do not exist. San Diego
once taken, France would have an excellent, safe
harbor through which her forces might be indefi-
nitely rcinforced and supplied by sea. And thence
an army could move up our coast, capturing every
port in California from the rear, and rendering
useless expensive sea-coaxt fortifications.
California is strong in brave men, but weak in
material of war; weak in the means of producing
that material. We have certainly not arms enough
in California to arm ten thousand men. I do not
believe we have any more arms than are now in
the hands of the troops who have been called into
the Federal service. We have no rifled field ar-
tillery; we have no founderies for cannon; we have
no powder mills; we have none of the prepara-
tions for war. With Arizona m hostile posses-
sion, with the forts of western Mexico in posses-
sion of hostile fleets sufficiently powerful to pre-
vent communication by sea between Panama and
California, how could the Government, using
every endeavor, afford the relief of a single gun,
musket, or a round of ammunition, to our State?
Is there not danger, then, in this movement of
Napoleon ? Is it not well to look this danger full
in the face and provide against it, rather than,
through cowardice, or prudence, if you please, to
abstain from discussion and preparation lest we
should perchance offend the sensibilities of his
Imperial Majesty of France?
Suppose, for the sake of argument, that the
Emperor of France is peculiarly friendly to us
and ourinstitutions—rather a violent supposition,
I think—yet is it wise to give any foreign Power
such a tempting opportunity to act upon our
weakness ?
I feel that I know the purposes of France
toward this country, and particularly her purpose -
to seize on California, and I regard.it as my auty *
as well as right to demand for the subject prope? 1
regard and proper action. French policy-  
purposes are understood in California as I undelr-s -
stand them. I will read an extract from the .most
representative paper on our coast, the Sacramento'
Union, and a true Union paper, as it purports to
be. The paper is of the date of December 15,1862:
"The increase of the French naval force In the Pacific
is notexplained by the necessities of a war between Fratice
and Mexico. A single wai vessel at each poit would
answer the purpose of a blockade. VEcho du Pacijique,
the Fiench journal at San Francisco, which has enjoyed
suppoit and protection under our flag lor about eleven
years, speaks of the approach of 'our fleet,' and expresses
the hope that 'our admiral' will not be compelled to
adopt severe measures to check an alleged illicit traffic be-
tween San Francisco and the Mexican ports. This Is sug-
gestive of the possibility of complication1? growing out of
the interference ot these French men-of-war with Ameri-
can tiade. And it is not improbable that, if the situation
wore favorable, even the leady and convenient apology of
our silky Secretary would not save us from serious en-
croachment."
The French consul at San Francisco is a very
important officer and has charge of all the French
policy. He is not a mere commercial agent, but
the representative of the French Government, and
the journal VEcho du Pacifique is his organ, and
speaks from his office.
" The proposed occupation of Sonora by a French divis-
ion may have no significance prejudicial to American in-
terests; but if England were to send that number of troop3
to Canada, her recognized colony, an explanation would do
demanded. When we eonMder the location of Sonora and
the turbulent element existing in southern California hos-
tile to our national Government, in connection with the
eoncentiation of a powcrlul French fleet on this coast, we
arcs forced to regard the situation as one that demands the
earnest attention of the Government and the adoption of
prompt precautionary measures."
We regard this movement with great apprehen-
sion. This paper expresses the sentiments and
apprehensions, if you please,of the people of Cal-
ifornia on the subject. We talk of those things
we understand; and here I wish to state what I
have long observed, that we seem to understand
everything that is cast of us, scarce anythingthat
is west. The gentlemen from the Atlantic sea-
board seem to understand more about what is
transpiring in France and England than about
anything that is beyond the mountains. By some
law, which 1 will not undertake to expound, our
people hardly ever understand anything that is
further west than they have been. It has been
and is a matter of grave and just complaint that the
condition of California, its necessities, could not
be understood at Washington; and what has been
formerly true is especially true so far as our pres-
ent military condition is concerned, and particu-
larly our danger from French aggression.
Because we have a change of Administration
every four years and with it a change of policy,
our public men seem to think there is no such
thing as state policies. The old Governments of
the world have their fixed and persistent policies,
which even revolutions do not change. Much of
the present policy of France^you may study back
to the time of Richelieu. To our neglect of some-
thing like fixed policies may be traced our internal
disturbances and the fact that France now threat-
ens us. If the Monroe doctrine had been firmly
asserted in the fall of 1861, there would be no
French troops now in Mexico and no danger of a
French invasion of our own territories. 3f letters
of marque had been promptly issued, our volun-
teer force for the ocean been promptly called out,
there would have been no confederate pirates on
the high seas and no running of our blockades.
If the principles enunciated by President Jack-
son in his proclamation to the people of South
Carolina had been reasserted in I860 and 1861, the
peace of the Union would not have been disturbed.
We have had sufficient policies instituted, but,
either through ignorance, or folly, or weakness,
or wickedness, they have not been pursued. Let
me ask, what is the cause this has been so? Is
this same want of purpose or policy to continue ?
Now, Mr. President, I have shown first that
France has violated the law of nations, as well
laid down by our present minister at the British
Court. 1 have shown by paper and by record
her violation of the terms of the treaty made at
London, and her repeated assurances given to this
