1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the first place, to locate it on the Maumee canal,
on an Indian reservation, that had never become
a part of the public domain, that was being sur-
veyed and sold under a special act of Congress.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
held that they had no right to do this. An appeal
was taken ftom him to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and he confirmed the opinion of the General
Land Office. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office, then Mr. Whitcomb, held that they
had no right to select lands that were not a part
of the surveyed public lands of the United States.
The Secretary of the Treasury, who then had su-
pervision of the sales of the public lands, sus-
tained that decision. Afterwards an appeal was
taken to the Attorney General, who/it that time
I believe was J. Y. Mason, who sustained the
opinion previously given by the Secretary of the
Treasury, so that the legal rights of the parties
have been adjudicated by the Commissioner of
the General tand Office, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and by the Attorney General, and after-
wards by the Court of Claims, deciding that they
had not the legal right to locate on any Indian res-
ervation or military reservation, but might locate
their certificate on any of the public lands of the
United States which had been surveyed and were
subject to preemption or private entry.
After this decision had been rendered, they made
an appeal to Congress a second time for relief,
and Congress passed a bill granting them the right
to locate their certificate on the Wyandott reser-
vation; by name, on that particular reservation.
But before they were able to do this, it is said that
the lands had all been sold, so that they were un-
able to locate the certificate on that reservation.
They then, of course, must fall back on their ori-
ginal rights; but they then attempted to locate
this certificate 011 the Fort Snelling military reser-
vation, in Minnesota, a very valuable tract of land,
which they swore before the Court of Claims was
worth a thousand dollars an acre or more. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office & sec-
ond time denied them the right to locate this cer-
tificate on a reservation; and"this opinion of the
Commissioner has been sustained by the Depart-
ment of the Interior. They then went to the
Court of Claims, praying for a judgment for the
amount of money for which that reservation, in
their opinion, would sell in the market; and now
they come to Congress, not for relief to enable
them to locate their certificate, but for an award in
land scrip which shall be equal in value, if the land
scrip were sold in the market, to the value of, not
the half section of land granted to them or selected
for them by the President of the United States on
the Wabash river originally in 1S2G, but for the
value of such half section of land as might have
been located. I will read the very text of the bill
on this subject to show the extravagance of the
claim they set up. * It piovides " that when the
value of such a selection shall be ascertained," not
when the value of the half section of land selected
for them by the President, which they swear was
at the time they relinquished it worth from five to
seven dollars an acre, but
" When the value of such a selection as might have been
made shall bo so ascertained by the pi oof, and thereupon de-
tennmed by the court, which'id hereby iequiied,! aid court
Khali add interest upon the value so determined from Feb-
ruary 2, 1841, and thereupon to ascertain and determine
what amount ot land scup of the United States, as herein-
after provided, may be nece^aiy to be issued to said heirs
in compensation and satisfaction of the amount so as-cei-
tained and detennined by the court, and thereupon said
court shall ordet the amount so ascertained to be lorsued."
And again :
" Thereupon said court is authorized and duectod to order
proot to be taken of the value of *uch a selection ot one
half section of land within the boundaues of the treaty afoie-
said as said hens wvie justly and equitably entitled to, as, it
was on the 2d day of February, A. U. 18-11, and in estima-
ting the value ot Mich a selection as it wa^ 011 the day afore-
said, all or any impiovements upon the land *o valued shall
not be considered, but the vuiue of such a selection shall
be estimated considering its natural advantages of position
and so torth, and any mciease of value horn extrinsic and
geneial causes to the date aforesaid.'*
Now, that we may form some idea of how much
value they would attach to such a piece of land,
I beg leave to refer to some of the testimony that
they have introduced in relation to their selection
at Fort Snelling. It is not to be the value of that
land as agricultural land, but its extrinsic value.
The court are to estimate first its value as agri-
cultural land, and then its additional value from
extrinsic and surrounding circumstances; not es-
timating the improvements, but of course estima-
ting the locality of navigable rivers, the vicinity of
towns, &c., and not the value of the particular
piece selected, but of such a piece as could have
been selected. Here is some of the testimony in
relation to the other piece of land, to which I beg
leave to call the attention of the Senate, that they
may form some idea of how much the value would
be made to appear by such witnesses as they would
be likely to introduce. I read first the testimony
of David A. Secombe, who says in reply lo the
interrogatories propounded by the court:
<c I should say that the said lands were worth on the 18th
day of September, 1854, the average sum of $500 per acre;
the present value of the said lands, exclusive of improve-
ments, Is not less than $2,000 per acre."
Mr. WADE. I want to ask the gentleman now
if he does not know that that same land has been
sold at $1 25 per acre since that time *
Mr. HARLAN. I will come to that presently.
Another witness, J. J. Noah, swears:
" I should judge the aggregate value of the lands de-
scribed 111 this interrogatoiy 011 the 18th September, 1854, to
have been at le«M .$100,000, and the present value thereof
I should judge to he at least $1,000,000."
M. W. Irwin swears:
" With the title thereto the above described lands would
have been worth, on the 18th day of September, 1854, at
least the sum of §2o0 per acre. The present value thcieof,
without improvements, would be low at the estimate of
§800.000."
Now, Mr. President, these claimants come be-
fore Congress for relief, because they say that
they were not permitted to locate a certificate for
a half section of land on a military reservation,
which their witnesses swear was worth from
eight hundred thousand to one million dollars, and
this bill provides that the Court of Claims shall
go back and ascertain how much a half section of
land that might have been selected on the Wa-
bash river, in the, vicinity of Logansport or La
Fayette, in the "year X82G, would have been worth
at the time named, 1841, not including improve-
ments, but considering the extrinsic value, then
add interest from that time to the present, and
grant them not land scrip at $1 25 an acre for the
amount, but so much land scrip as would sell in
the market for the amount thus awarded them.
That is the character of the claim; and if 1 un-
derstand the Senator from Ohio—whose judgment
I usually follow with great satisfaction in matters
of this kind—he claims it on a pure technicality
of law. He has argued and will argue that this
land was not oiiginally granted by the United
States, but was reserved by the Indians, and that
these heirs of Johnston were holding that half sec-
tion of land as tenants in common. I wish to dis-
pel that delusion. Tins half section of land was
not reserved by the Indians for these heirs, but
was a grant made by the United States, and to
show it I will read from the treaty. The sixth
article of the treaty says:
" The United States agree to grant to each of the persons
named in the schedule hereunto annexed, the quantity of
land theiein stipulated to be granted; but thelandsogianted
shall never bo conveyed by either of the said pei>on«, or
their heir?, without the consent of the President of the Uni-
ted States."
Under that provision of the treaty, the sixth ar-
ticle, there are grants made to some fifty or one
hundred different individuals—1 refer to the vol-
ume of Indian treaties, page 298—and among these
it is said:
" To the children of Stephen Johmon, killed by the Pot-
tawatomie Indian*, one half section of land, to be located
under the direction of the President ot the United States."
It will be seen that this grant, as originally made,
was not a reservation made by the Indians, buta
grant made by the United States, and was merely
a life estate in tail—a life estate to these heirs that
might be entailed to their heirs—nothing more.
They had not even the right to convey it. It was
granted to them just as other sections were granted
to the Indians—the mere usufruct. The title in fee
simple was still in the United States, and it was
provided by the treaty that it should remain in the
United States.
Now, on a claim so flimsy as this these parties
come in here, by their Senator, and claim what
the President of the United States and the Senate 1
of the United States never intended should be
granted. They claim, first, thatthey had thenght
to select lands not belonging to the United States
as a part of the public domain, but a reservation;
and because they were not peimitted to locate a
certificate, which they afterwards procured by
special act of Congress, on a reservation of im-
mense value, they come in here and ask you to
give it to them in the bill now pending. These
parties, as the Court of Claims has decided*
not entitled in law or in equity to any relief what-
ever. They could, from the day of*thc issping
of that certificate down to the present hour, ami
can now, go to any land office in the United States
and locate their certificate on any half section ©f
land subject to sale at private entry. There is no
impediment—nothing whatever in the way. Their
complaint is, that they cannot take more than.
Congress granted them.
i know it is claimed here, and will -be by the
Senator from Ohio, that in this special legislation
of Congress, Congress did grant them more than
they originally held by virtue of the treaty; but
the executive officers of the Government, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and the Attorney General,
have all held that their rights were not enlarged
beyond what 1 have stated; that they had only
the right to go off thatlndian reservation in which
their half section of land was originally situated,
on to any of the public lands of the United States
subject to sale at private entry. They hold that
to Have been the true construction of the law un-
der which their certificate was issued; and it is
because they cannot secure more than the law
granted them, as thus interpreted by the execu-
tive officers of tlje Government, thatthey are here
before the Senate to-day.
1 have only to remark on that point, that if tUe
law does give them these enlarged rights, it cer-
tainly never was intended by Congress. If they
shall secure what they claim by a technical co<n-
stiuction of the special act of Congress, they secure
that which never was intended, and which is in
violation of every principle of construction which
has hitherto been adhered to by the land officers
of the Government. The construction that the
Department has placed on this particular act of
Congress is in strict conformity with the princi-
ples that have controlled that Department from the
beginning to the present hour.
These heirs of Stephen Johnston had secured
all that the treaty ever intended they should se-
cure, a fair average piece of land, worth, us their
own witnesses swear, from five to seven dollars
an acre, located near the Wabash river, and within
the vicinity of what is now the city of Logans-
port, in the State of Indiana. They have believed
that they might, under this special act of Con-
gress, secure more than the President and the Sen-
ate originally intended, and more than Congress
intended in the enactment of the special law to
which 1 have referred.
I doubt very much whether I have made my-
self understood. If I have, lam sure a majority
of the Senate will not pass the bill in the original
form.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am a good deal
surprised at the excited and the almost vindictive
manner in which the Senator meets this claim of
the heirs of Stephen Johnston. I do not want any-
thing for them but what they are fairly and justly
entitled to, or what they would be entitled to m
any court in the United States, were they notcon-
tending with a sovereignty. I should be very glad
to-day, so far as they are concerned whose rights
I stand here to vindicate, if you would pass an act
by which they might compete with the United
States in any fair court in this nation, not for any
gift that I ask at the hands of Congress, but stand-
ing upon their legal and equitable rights.
it was not necessary to go back into their ori-
ginal title, and I wouid not do so had it not been
for the manner in which the Senator from Iowa
has gone back into it, because a large portion of
this claim has already been passed upon by Con-
gress. It is res adjudicata, and I need not go back
of the act of 1840 to explain precisely what their
rights are; but the Senator has seen fit to travel
back of that, and now we shall see what kind of
a case he makes. He has read to you the old
treaty to show that this title did not emanate from
the Indians, but from the United States. I ask tin*
Senator why it was—-he has not undertaken to tell
us—that among all the people in Ohio, the treaty
mentioned these heirs and selected them out as
being beneficiaries.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator certainly does
not wish to make a false impression. If he will
read this schedule, he will find that there are a
hundred just such beneficiaries.
