752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
Mr. WADE. "Very well; 1 am contending now ■
for two only; and if it were pertinent I might in-
quire why any of the hundred were selected. Ali
i want to know now is, what the title of these
heirs of Johnston, who was killed, is; how came
they by it? The father of these children di^d in
the servicc of his country, patriotically, bravely,
heroically, in the last war, and that is the origin
of the title that the Senator stands here most vin-
dictively, and by sophistry and nothing else, to
overturn in the minds of Congress, if he can.
Mr. President, when the Senator was up the
other day, he went on to tell theSenate that these
heirs surrendered the original grant because it was
not levied upon a mill site or upon Logansport.
Where did he get that evidence?
Mr. HARLAN. In the sworn testimony in-
troduced by these claimants before the Court of
Claims.
Mr. WADE. I should like to hear it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will read it to the Senate.
On page 27 of the report of the Court of Claims,
lfind the testimony of James M. Defrees, in which
he swears—
" 1 would state in this connection that lands were not
valued for taxation at their full cash value, and, ait-o, that
the citiesof Logansport and Peru are both situated on those
lands."
Mr. WADE. Very well; suppose they were.
That is one thing; your assertion is another.
Mr. HARLAN. This is the sworn testimony
of one of your witnesses. Whether he swears
falsely I do not know.
Mr. WADE. Ho swears to no such thing a*
the Senator stated before. That there were null
sites on this great Indian reservation, I doubtnot;
but the Scnatoi's assertion was, that these men
were not content with the original grant, because
they wanted it levied on Logansport or a mill site.
Sir, the Senator should remember that candor and
truth are as graceful to a Senator as to a minister
of the Gospel. Now, sir, let me show how plain
a tale will put at rest all that the Senator has said
about the origin of this title, I have before me
the report of your committee in 1840.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call tho Senator from
Ohio to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My point of order is,
that the Senator from Ohio has used language
towards the Senator from Iowa entirely unjus-
tifiable by any parliamentary right, lie said
that candor and truth were as—1 forget the exact
phrase 
Mr. WADPj. You had better have it, if you
are going to call me to ordei^
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think lie said candor
and truth were as becoming a Senator as a min-
ister of the Gospel. iJ.u made a reflection upon
the Senator from Iowa, and iie has also in the
same speech charged htm with vindietiveness.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 hope my fiamd from Maine
will withdraw his point of order, and permit the
Senator from Ohio to go on. 1 am quite sure he
did not intend any reflection on me as a Senator.
Mr. WADE. Am I in order or not,Mr. Pres-
ident?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine withdraw hispoint^
Mr. FESSENDEN. i withdraw it at the re-
quest of the Senator from Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator will
proceed.
Mr. WADE. I am very sorry that the Sen-
ator from Maine is so much inoie tender-footed
than the Senator from Iowa. 1 designed no re-
flection on anybody.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say that I
called t!ie Senator to order at the suggestion of
several Senators about me who were struck pie-
eiseiy in the same way that 1 was, with the gross
impropiiety of the language used.
Mr. WADE. Now, 1 call the ftenatorto order.
Mr. President, I have said not one word herein-
tending to reflect upon anybody. Ail 1 meant to
say was that I thought the course of urgumentof
the Senator from Iowa was unjustifiable and not
warranted by the proof in the case. I did not in-
tend to insinuate anything, and I did not. I did
gay that he argued heie befoie that the reason
why these heirs were notcontentrd with the origi-
nal grant made to them was that they wanted it
levied on a mill site or O'l the town of Logansport,
and I said that there was no such thing in the evi-
dence. I suppose the Senator thought there was
some such thing in the evidence. Of course he
did think so, because he reasserted it and under-
took to prove it from the book. He was mistaken
in it, and that is all I intended to say about it.
Now, Mr. President, we ought to be bound by
the original report, made herein 1849, as much as
by anything that can be said at this day. Here
it is:
ih The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
refeired the petition of the hens of Stephen Johnston, de-
ceased, rppof f as follows :
4;i>y a treatv made with the Pottawatomie tribe of In-
dian* near the mouth of !he Mississinewa river, upon the
YVnbash, on tho 16th day of October, 1826, there was
granted to the heirs of Stephen Johnston, killed by the
Pottawatomie Indians, one half section of land, to be lo-
cated under the direction of the President of the United
States. ISy some inadvertence on the part of the agent of
the Government, a half section of land, containing less than
the usual quantity, (to wit. only about two hundred and
eighty acicd,) andofan inferior quality, was selected" 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morninghour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall be permitted to
go through with this bill now. I am not going
to argue it Ion**. 1 should not argue it at all but
for the remarks of the Senator from Iowa, who
has taken up a good deal of time.
Mr. CLARK. I am perfectly willing that the
debate shall go on; but the Senator need not ex-
pect that this'bih is to go through without discus-
sion.
Mr. WADE. I do notexpectanything; I have
no expectations nbout it. I only want it to go
through if the Senate wiU permit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Js there any objec-
tion to proceeding with the matter before the Sen-
ate : ■
Mr. CLARK. What is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished busi-
ness is the joint, resolution (II. R. No. lib) rel-
ative to claims for pay, bounty, and pensions of
the soidieis in the department of Missouri.
Mr, FOSTER, I have been watching with a
good deal of intcrestfor the past ten days the busi-
ness of the Senate, desirous to get up the bank-
rupt hill; but there has been such a press of busi-
ness of gieat importance that 1 have refrained
from antagonizing it with any bill pending; but I
cannot consent to give way to a private bill of this
description, without at least trying the sense of
the Senate on the question whether they will not
take up the bankrupt bill, rather than consume
tin1 day with a piivate bill. I must, therefore,
objeet to this discussion proceeding, with a view
of asking the Senate to take up and consider the
bankrupt bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut objecting, the unfinished business of
yesterday will he regarded as before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone everything
else for the purpose of proceeding with the con-
sideration of the bill (bl. R.. No. 20o) for the re-
lief of the heirs of Stephen Johnston.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 13.
Mr. WADE. I hope now, sir, that we have
got along with all questions of order; and I intend
to proceed very orderly in the few remarks I have
to make on this bill. I do not deny that I feel
strongly on this question, because 1 fuel the equity
of the case very strongly; and I believe that it is
as just a case as ever came before a legislature or
a court. When \ was interrupted I was proceed-
ing to show how it was viewed by the Committee
on Private Land Claims as fnr bark as 1840, and
the reason they assigned why it was that these
heirs were dissatisfied with this grant of land; not
because they wanted to levy the certificate on a
mill site or on Logansport, but because the Gov-
ernment—inadverten tiy ,no doubt—had done them
a great injury- The Government had made their
location upon land that was very infetior m qual-
ity and defective in quantity. The heirs lost some
eighty acres of land by it; and in regard to the
land they did get, so far from being of an average
quality, there was very little of it that was suscep-
tible of cultivation. 1 do not suppose the Govern-
ment intended to swindle these parties; but by
some inadvertency this state of things existed; and
when this was made known to the Government
they came forward here and candidly stated it m
their report, and the evidence bore it out. It was
not from any fault of these heirs, but because the
grant was really defective; not technically defect-
ive, but substantially defective—not worth one
third what it would have been, probably, if they
had had the average of that land.
Why does the Senator wish to prejudice the
Senate against this claim because they were dis-
contented with this land? When was it made?
Why, sir, they had no voice in it; they were mere
infants, small children, having no discretion and
no power to protect their own rights. When this
land was selected for them, they became tenants
in common with the United States in that tract of
land. Suppose the United States had been a pri-
vate individual, who was a tenant in common with
them, and that private individual, of full age, had
gone forth to assign their proportion, and set it
off into severalty to these infant heirs, docs not
every lawyer here know with what jealous scru-
tiny a court of equity would have looked upon
that transaction ? Would they suffer this co-tenant
to harm a hair of these infants' heads in making
.the assignment himself? No, sir; they would not;
and the Government, the very moment they were
aware these infant heirs had been injured by this
selection, had the grace to rectify it so far as they
could; and they said to them: Surrender this
piece of land to the United States and we will give
you a certificate that shall pay for any half sec-
tion of land that you may levy upon, not subject
to preemption. I have got theexactlauguage here.
Air. President, I do not know that it becomes
very essential to give a construction to this act of
1840; but, nevertheless, I think it is best to do so
m order that the Senate should understand what
the provisions of that act were. I have already
shown you by evidence that is totally unimpeach-
able, and ought not to be sought to be impeached,
why it was the oi igmal selection was surrendered.
As I have repeatedly said—and I want that to be
understood—these childien were not in fault, be-
cause that land was entirely deficient both in quan-
tity and quality, and they ought not to have been
satisfied with it; and if they had been satisfied
with it, the Government should not have been.
They were tenants m common, as I have already
said, and it became the duty of the joint tenant,
if he attempted to set off the land in severalty to
these infant heirs, to do it in such a way that no
man could say it was unjustly or inequitably
done. That is the principle of law; and I intend
to establish this case upon principles of law and
equity.
These facts being made known to Congress in
1840, they proceeded to pass the act which I will
read:
An act for the relief of the children of Stephen Johnston,
deceased.
" Be )t cnocteiU That the President foein? satisfied
that tho claim of the childien of Stephen Johnston, named
m the tieatv with the Pottawatomie tube of .Indians neai
tin- mouth of the iMu^issmcwa, upon the Wabash, in the
Mare 01 Indiana, on tho lOih da> of October, 18-1G, to a
certain half -retain ot land, m and In said treaty gianted
to them, tiie elnidieu of Stephen Johnston, has been, or
may have been, relinquished to the United Elates, oi that
the same n<-v< r haw been hetectod ior or accepted bvthum,
he, iho (.aid President, is requested to cause the Cotnmis-
fnonei of the General Land Office to issue to the children
of tiie said Stephen Johnston and Elizabeth Johnston, or
to their hen--, a certificate receivable in pavment at any
land office in the United States tor any half section not
subject to preemption."
That is the language of the law passed by Con-
gress. Mark the language; because the Senator
from Iowa says I am seeking to shield my self un-
der a technicality merely, and endeavoring thereby
to petsuade the Senate to do something for these
heirs that they ought not to do. This ceitificate
is to he " receivable in payment at any land office
of the United States for any half section not sub-
ject to preemption." The Senator from Iowa and
the officers of the Government have construed that
language to mean that they might locate this cer-
tificate on any land belonging to the United States
subject to pnvrte entry. Can it be said by any
lawyer that that is the meaning of a contract of
this kind ? It became a contract the momentthese
heirs agreed to surrender their original grant to
the United States, in consideration of which they
were to receive a certificate which was to be good
in payment for any half section of land. What
kind "of a half section ? A half section " not sub-
ject to preemption." The Senator says that means
private entry. Does it mean that? Is there a law-
yer m this Senate who can trifle in this way with
