10.0
APPENDIX TO TELE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
37™ Cons....3d Sess.
French Interference in Mexico—Mr. MeDougall.
Senate.
Government. I have shown that she has been
acting in fraud of this Government, and com-
menced with falsely stating her purposes. I have
shown that she has undertaken, without cause
and against every rule of justice, by a course of
proceeding which offends the common sense of
justice of mankind, to subjugate the people of
Mexico for her own profit, and not only for that
purpose, but to prevent any increase of power on
our part on this continent. I say France has
nothing to do with our increase of power on this
continent, no more than we have to do with her
treaty as to whether she shall have Nice, or
whether it shall belong to the States of Italy. 1
have shown that she has committed herself to the
establishment in Mexico of a monarchy of the
Austrian line. I have, I think satisfactorily shown
that, while establishing a monarchy in Mexico ir-
respective of the will of the people, she has a pol-
icy which involves her own immediate occupation
of a part of the present territories of Mexico, and
that she is now undertaltinga policy whereby she
expects to seize hold of a part of the domain which
at the present time belongs to this Confederacy.
The fact which is not disputed, that her diplo-
matic agents have been feeling the way to see
whether they cannot get possession of Texas, in-
dependent of the southern confederacy, proves
this. The fact that she has been struggling for
years to occupy California proves this. Her
movements upon Sonora prove this. Her treach-
ery in getting fraudulent entry into Mexico proves
all this, and more.
With these facts before us, shall we tamely
abandon a policy more important than any one of
our fundamental laws; a policy we had regarded
as established, and as essential to our own as well
as all free institutions; a policy, the bare affirma-
tion of which served as a perfect shield over the
Spanish American Slates, sufficient to protect
them from the arms of banded continental Europe;
a policy which a great English statesman declared
had " dispensed the groatestjoy, exultation, and
gratitude over all the freemen of Europe?" Shall
we, 1 say again, merely take counsel of our fears,
and yield not only an established policy, but a
great principle, the maintenance of which is de-
manded of us by the very laws of self-preserva-
tion ?
For what shall we do this? If any one says that
either policy or necessity demands or requires
■such a course, I here deny the statement. We
iiave not as yet even remonstrated with France.
But suppose we require of her the withdrawal of
her troops from Mexico, and the demand is de-
nied; give arms, authority, and the flag of the
Union to the people of California, and California
will send twenty thousand loyal, brave, and tried
men, men worthy to bear our flag; and when the
folds of that flag mingle and move with the aland-
ard of our sister republic againsl the French in-
vaders of this free continent, they will continue
to move until the legions of the robber emperor
are driven into their ships or into the sea. Cal-
ilorniahas asked the permission to send ten Ihou-
sand troops on t!iis side to aid our cause against
the rebellion. The permission was denied. We
have all the force in California, so far as men and
soldiers are concerned, that can be necessary in
giving sufficient aid to Mexico; but we want a
fleet upon our coast; we want harbor defense;
but, above all, we want the lequisiie arms and
munitions of war. We have all the force requi-
site for ourselves and Mexico; give us but the fa-
cilities and the authority to apply them. When
llie French shall have either left their bones in
the mountain passes of Mexico or taken to the
sea at Vera Cruz and Oruayarms, our troops may,
perhaps, do good service in Texas or elsewhere
where the Union cause needs soldiers.
No European Power can be strong on this con-
tinent. Our expeuenee in 177g, and again in 1812,
is full proof of this; the French embairassments
in Mexico, thus far, prove this. Four thousand
miles of sea is a barrier not easily overcome.
The transportation of men is one thing, the trans-
portation of materiel andsuppliesanother. Franco
lias undertaken a task greater, I think, than the
estimate. It is not certain but that Mexico may
herself bt equal to her necessities; but 1 do not
deubt that we can give all requisite aid without |
one half the sacrifice of life incurred in any one
of several of the battles of the rebellion.
Some gentlemen may be timid because our com-
merce will suffer. So it will suffer; and so will
French commerce suffer; and so has our com-
merce suffered before, and so must it suffer again
whenever we engage in war with amaritime State.
This will be no war for a punctilio; it will be for
the maintenance of an essential principle; and if
it involves the lying up of our entire commercial
marine, it will prove but a small sacrifice if the
right be maintained. We must not sacrifice to our
fears or to our love of thrift either great principles
or our nation's honor. But, in fact, we are in-
finitely stronger upon the sea than ever before;
but why not start out, as of old, our volunteer
Navy, unchain our old sea lions, and set them on
the track of the enemy? French commerce will
be scarce upon the seas in a brief time. French
looms will need cotton more than they do now.
We have in every port ships, and sailors to man
them; true sailors are all sea-soldiers. He who
has battled fearlessly with the tempest fears no
human enemy; and our sailors are the first sea-
warriors of the world. France must carry on her
land war upon our own continent; and we can
drive herfrom the seas. I ask, thefi, what is there
to fear in war with France ? Not half so much as
from the preservation of a treacherous peace.
It is said a war with France will give aid and
comfort to the South. 1 would state the question
differently: will it weaken this Government in its
efforts to overcome this rebellion; or will it impair
the chances of our ultimate success? However
some of the South might be comforted by the im-
mediate fact, it isperlbclly clear, in my mind, that
the war would lend strength to the Government,
and essentially promote its complete reestablish-
ment. In my judgment, a war with France would
have a most healthy influence in that very direc-
tion. its influence certainly would be to unite
firmly the people of all the loyal States, and re-
new that war spirit that seems to have faded before
military management and congressional legisla-
tion; and observe, sir, this is at this time a con-
summation most devoutly to be wished.
There is another consideration. How would the
truly democratic masses of the South care to band
with the Emperor of the French against the United
States? I am of the opinion that it would greatly
impair, not aid, the home strength of the rebellion.
Independent of this, however, publish the full facts
of the outrage of France upon Mexico; publish
this to the American people. Expose the fraud,
outrage, and robbery being now committed by
France in Mexico. Show what are the designs of
Fiance upon us. Let France appear confederating
with the South. We will require no more draft-
ing. We will need no borrowed enthusiasm. We
will be stronger against the rebellion with its allies
than against the rebellion as it is.
And permit me to expiess the opinion thatthis
assault on free institutions by the French Empe-
ror will detach from the rebellion many true repub-
licans, who from this, taking warning, will seek
the old standard and with us once more join hand
in hand in the maintenance of the cause of free
institutions.
In fine, Mr. President, I am well assured that
we have nothing of value to lose by a French war.
We have everything to gain, and fur one 1 am un-
willing to avoid it.
There is another subject upon which I should
remark. One of the resolutions requests the Pres-
ident to communicate these views to the Mexican
Government. If we entertain them, why should
they not be expressed to the Government of Mex-
ico? That would give them some moial aid, if
nothing more; and then, why should we not make
a treaty with Mexico ? In the first place, I would
have a reciprocity treaty with Mexico, and then
there would be no question raised by Secretary
Stanton or by Secretary Chase as to whether we
might transact commercial exchanges generally
between us and the Government of Mexico. The
truth is, a reciprocity treaty would be of infinite
service to Mexico, while it would be of yet greater
service to ourselves. So far as I am concerned,
I believe it is our duty to lend to Mexico what-
ever aid she may require; not denying to her the
privilege of buying our old muskets, while gsying j
to France the opportunity of buying transporta-
tion. I believe it is our duty to lend her whatever
aid may be necessary; that we should spare her
twenty thousand men, armed and equipped for
war, or whatever number might be required.
Why, sir, the present war is not felt in the great
North, except in individual families. Last fall,
when I traveled in the North and West, I went
through towns and villages and counties where
there was no sign of war. It was only upon the
great highways that you observed it. The pres-
sure of this*war is not felt; you may say it is
scarcely known, except through the public press,
in the States on the Pacific. We can afford to do
this for Mexico. Itis our duty to do all this; and
1 say it is of the first importance-that we should
assert our right and discharge our duty; and, in
this, we make ourselves a stronger people.
I am one of those who think that our po'licyin
the Trent case weakened the moral power of this
Government. If it were right that tnesecommis-
sioners should be surrendered, they should have
been surrendered by terms stipulated and agreed
upon between the representatives of the two Gov-
ernments, so that Great Britain might have been
at least committed to a rule of international law.
The surrender was made as if we feared the shake
of Earl Russell's head; they were suirendered 111
the face of a demand in the form of a threat. Na-
tions have as much strength in their appearance
of strength as they have in their armed legions.
I would have in this business the exhibition of
somethinglike national spirit, pluck, if you please.
France knows what our rights are, what our
wrongs have been; let her understand that we not
only know them, but dare state them; (singular
again, I repeat, this dues not appear to have been
done.) Beino; stated well, let our i ights be firmly
demanded. Is not this Government equal to this
dignified duty? If France hesitates to acquiesce
in our just demands, advise France that we es-
pouse the cause of Mexico. If this be done, and
properly done, I dare prophesy that the diplo-
matic tune of the emperor will be played upon a
different instrument, and that he will be content
to dismiss for the present from his mind great
visions of ambition, and trust to their realization
at some more propitious season. If France per-
sists, then let war come; this is certain, we will
have done something to secure a decent respect
from the other nations of the woild.
I fear our Secretary regards Prince Talleyrand
a proper pattern for a republican diplomatist, and
admires that skill by which words may be used
to conceal our thoughts, and that, m a too great
effort to imitate his example, he has failed to say
anything; therefore, perchance, nothing has been
said. For my part, I think the sum of the science
of American diplomacy may be found stated in
the instructions of Geneial Jackson to Mr. Mc-
Cauley when he sent him to Tripoli. McCauley
protested against the appointment, as he knew
nothing about the business; and if he must go
he must have his instructions. The President
replied* "your instructions will be brief, sir.
Ask for nothing but what is right, and submit to
nothing that is wrung." The instructions proved
sufficient; he continued in the discharge of his
duties in Egypt until the time of his death. I
wish the Government would open a school of di-
plomacy and have the instructions culminate in the
understanding the meaning of the Jacksonian rule
and full training in the manner of its practice.
Let us demand all our rights; let us discharge
all our duties. This nation will never die as long
as she dares fearlessly to discharge the duties
charged upon her, as long as she dares firmly and
with a true faith raise erect whatever be the burden
with which she may be chaiged. If we play the
hare among animals we will be killed by the wind
of the first arrow. Resistance and will and con-
sciousness of power are the elements of strength;
thus far we have been as weak as water. I have
raised the question whether this shall continue.
I have presented a series of resolutions, the jus-,
tice and truthfulnessof which cannot be disputed.
Now I desireyour voices, Senators. Shall wead vise
tame submission, or shall we advise the assertion
of ourselves as alive nation ? i trust at least a di-
rect vote may be had on the subject. Idonotwish
16 it buried by the legerdeiiiain of legislation.
