THE -CONGRESSIONAE1 GLOBE
5^^
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D;. 0.; ;;;
Tihrty-Seyenth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1S63.
New Series...-
the words of a grant which declares that m loca-
ting this certificate they shall only be limited by
this provision; that it does not come in conflict
with land subject to preemption; that is to say,
they shall not levy it on any land where another
man has a claim of preemption; but anywhere
else, on any land belonging to the United States,
they may locate their warrant and this certificate
shall pay for it. I ask again, can it be said that
I am quibbling with language, that I am standing
upon mere technicalities, when I stand upon a
cbntract as broad as the heavens? Lands subject
to preemption and lands subject to private entry
are as different in value and in the value of a grant
as anything can be. Which of you, Senators,
■wishes to give this narrow construction, this ille-
gal construction under this grant against these
poor heirs, whose father was killed in the last war
with England, who sacrificed his life and paid for
this land with his blood ? Sir, this grant was the
price of blood, the blood of the father of these
claimants shed in the service of the country.
The facts of the case are these: in the last war
with Great Britain, Fort Defiance was besieged by
the enemy, and it-was necessary to communicate
that fact to General Harrison, who then had com-
mand of the northwestern army. The father of
these claimants bravely and nohly volunteered to
carry that communication, and lost his life in the
attempt. Even the savages who killed him,
moved to make some remuneration for the act
they had done, had a reservation made in their
treaty for the benefitof these heirs, of the pittance
it may be of half a section of land. Thus they
became tenants in common with the Government,
as I have said before, and the surrender of that
halfsection that was selected for them, and wrong-
fully selected for them, was the consideration that
they paid for the grant contained in this act.
They were told that if they would surrender it
they should be entitled to any half section in Lhe
United Statesnotsubjectto preemption. That is
all there is of it. My friend fiom Iowa says
"preemption" means " private entry;" and ho is
at the head of the Committee on Public Lands!
It means no such thing, and was not intended to
mean any such thing.
1 ask Senators to look at the other facts of the
case. In 1840, when it was surrendered, how much
was the land worth, poor as it was in quality and
deficient in quantityWhy, sir, all the evidence
in the case shows that it was worth from five to
seven dollars per acre at that time. The Gov-
ernment of the United States received from these
children this grantof land that had been selected,
which was worth from five to seven dollars per
acre, and they relinquished it to the United States
for this certificate, which the Senator says was to
be levied upon land worth $1 25 per acre ! Sir, if
there is an absuidity on God's earth,that is one.
They surrendered land that was worth from five
to seven dollars an acre, and took acei tificate that
compelled them to take any land they could get
for $1 25 per acre; and the Senator says that was
the real understanding of the Government in pass-
ing this enactment! Sir, it would be a slander
upon the Legislature who passed the act to admit
that construction. They were moved by no such
narrow principles. They knew the meritorious
manner in which this grtint derived. They knew
how nobly the father of these children had sacri-
ficed himself in the service of his country. They
were willing to do generously for them, and they
did. They said to them, you are now of age;
surrender the grant that was made to you when
you were infants, and take another, and levy it
wherever we have land not subject to preemption.
That is the language; and yet I am supposed to
stand upon a narrow technicality to vindicate the
rights of these men. Thcie is not a lawyer of this
body who would thus attempt in any enlightened
court to garble the language of a contract like this,
and mak^ its plain, palpable words mean an en-
tirely different thing from what they do mean, and
that, too, against the gVantee; to construe it in
favor of the United States and against these chil-
dren, and to make it mean a ve.ry different thing
48
from what it did mean; and to so construe it as to
present the palpable absurdity that they were ad-
vised by anybody to surrender land that was worth
from five to seven dollars an acre and take a cer-
tificate that would enable them to take land worth
25 an acre. That is all there is about it.
The Senator from Iowa says they mi*ht have
located their certificate on land at any time, and
they may now. Sir, they have been trying from
that time to this, and as often m they have se-
lected a piece of land and come to the land ofiice
for it, they have met with every kind of objection
here and there and everywhere. They did try
twice—once on this very reservation where this
land was reserved for them. They were not per-
mitted to locate there. That was an Indian reser-
vation, and therefore they could not locate their
certificate upon it. Was it subject to preemption ?
No. Was there any limitation on the grant? No.
Why not, then, locate upon it? Did the land be-
long to the United States' Yes. The law says
you may locate it on any such land, but the Sen-
ator from Iowa says, " no, you shall not do it;"
and the officers of the Government say, " you
shall not do it." Why not?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On this point permit me
to ask the honorable Senator a question. The
United States own navy-yards; the United States
own this Capitol, and the grounds around it.
These are not subject to preemption. Could this
claim cover these grounds, or cover the navy-
yard ?
Mr. WADE. I should contend for no such
thing. All grants should receive a reasonable con-
struction. Allel claim is, that it was th< lr right to
levy the certificate on any land that was subject
to sale; not that they could take a city, not that
they could lake a navy-yard; nobody contends
for that. All these grants must receive a reason-
able construction ; and such an absurd consequence
as that, of course, would not be permitted; but that
is not involved here, for all grants are to be taken
reasonably, rationally; but there was no limita-
tion on it; it was to apply to any lands belonging
to the United States; any lands that they had to
sell.
I do not care whether they were brought into
market or not. The Senator say* it applied only
to land that was brought into market and subject
to private entry. The grant says no such thing;
and to give it that construction would be not only
a palpable absurdity, but a manifest injustice to
these heirs. You can give no such construction
to it without doing violence to every principle of
law and common sense. The fact is that they
have not been permitted to levy it anywhere.
The Senator has sought to prejudice the claim
of these heirs here, because after they had been
bluffed off once or twice, and failed to get any
title, they levied on land at Fort Snelling. What
kind of land was that? Here is the law that placed
that'land, when it came into market, upon pre-
cisely the same principles with all other lands.
The law itself—[ neednotread it—directs the Pres-
ident to put it to sale on the same principles that
all other land was sold. Very well; that was not
subject to preemption when they levied there; but
it is said it was valuable.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the honorable Senator
from Ohio to speak to this point, on which I am
inclined to think this claim is entitled to some
merit: was any application made to locate this
scrip before the 4th of March, 1843, and refused
on the part of the officers of Government?
Mr. WADE. I am not certain that there was.
Mr. COWAN. The act which gave them the
light to this certificate was limited in its effect, I
see, until the 4th of March, 1843.
Mr. WADE. Their levy was made within the
time. I understand that. There is no objection
on that ground.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand it so. It
was nearly a year after that before they attempted
to locate.
Mr. WADE. I understand it barely from the
fact that the officers make no objection as to the
time, but simply as to the place where it was lo-
cated; and for that reason I suppose it was made
in time. - J
Mr. CLARK. I think if the Senator will
amine the report of the Court of Claims* be wiff
find that they made application in 1844, and th*|
decision of the Attorney General was in 1845;- '5
Mr. WADE. I am inclined to think thtftws#
not so; but I am not certain about the dateof ttt&?
location. I have not been able to find, on reading*
these papers, any objection to their claim made-
on that ground. ' "
Mr. CLARIC. I will state to the Senator a feel;
that I think will be decisive on that point. Their1
act expired on the 4th of March, 1843, and the ac$
authorizing the sale of the Wyandott reserve-was
only passed on the 3d of March, 1843, one day1
before.
Mr. WADE. It is a part of this case, a part-
of the report of the Committee on Private Land*
Claims of the House of Representatives at thafc
time, that they attempted to levy their certificate
on the Wyandott land, when they had liberty I'd
make theii last location of land, but it had theft1
all been sold, so that there was none to levy upon.
Mr. HARRIS. With the permission of the
Senator from Ohio, I will state how that was.
The Wyandott reserve was put up for sale at
public auction in September, 1845, and these heir#
bid off a halfsection of land at twenty-five dollar^
an acre, and proposed to surrender this certificate
in payment, but it was refused. Then these heirs
came to Congress, and in the winter of 1847 they
got a joint resolution passed authorizing them to
pay for that land which they had bid offat twenty-
five dollars an acre, with this certificate; but be*
fore the resolution was passed the Land Office had-
sold the lot.
Mr. WADE. The resolution, however, was
passed. That explains it all. They got another
resolution enlarging the time; but before they*
could locate under it, the land was sold.^ That
was the case, and that disposes of that point. I
know that theie is nothing in any objection here
as to time, and that they were not cut off by a
limitation. Now, Mr. President, it is singular
that in the first place the committees away back
in 1840 all reported favorably  
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment in answer to what he said
in regard to the limitation of time? If he will ex-
amine the opinion of the Hon. J. Y. Mason, then
Attorney General, he will find that one question
turned on that very point.
Mr. WADE. 1 never noticed anything turn-
ing on that point, but of course it is of no conse-
quence.
Mr. CLA RK. He says in the opinion, " 1 am
of opinion that this certificate could not be received
in payment for lands at any land office for any"
land which was not, prior to the 4th of March,
1843, in a condition to be sold." He limits it
expressly.
Mr. WADE. This claim has been favored as
often as it has been in Congress. When it first
came here, the committee found all the facts to be
as I have stated them, and passed such an act as
I have already read here, when it came up last
in the House of Representatives, the committee
,, of that House made a candid and fair report, which
I' I should like very much to have read, stating all
' the facts in the case, and I believe the committee
unanimously came to the conclusion that these
parties ought to have the relief that is granted Jo
them in this bill. It went before a like commit-
tee of this body, and, with what unanimity I do
!i not know, they reported in its favor also, and ree-
sj ommendod that the prayer of the petitioners be
l| granted by passing this bill.
Now, sir, what do these parties ask? Anything
! very unreasonable? I ought to remark, however,
first as to the prejudice which is sought to be made
!i against their claim because they endeavored to
!i levy their certificate on land near Fort Snelling,
[\ that I see no reason why they were not entitled to
\ ■ do so. The Senator from Iowa has said that that
t! land was estimated at some hundreds of dollars
lj per acre. I know there was a tinae when there
