102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
37 th Cose....3d Sess.
Ship Canals—Mr. McKnight.
Ho. or Reps.
land canal who is hardy enough to declare that
Perry could have won the mastery of the lakes?
But we are told, that the scheme will require an
outlay of $50,000,000, according to the fierce ha-
rangue of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Por-
ter*,] and others swell it to $100,000,000. Since
gentlemen draw their figures from their fancy
why not say $500,000,000, or any other sum.
The estimates are $16,000,000; and the bill re-
quires the States of Illinois and New York to pro-
vide for anything more that may be required. But
suppose that fifty or a hundred millions were re-
quired, is it worth nothing to insure six hundred
or a thousand millions of property that floats
over these waters ? Nothing—to protect Milwau-
kee, Chicago,Detroit, Cleveland,and Buffalo,and
Toledo, and Erie ? Nothing—to save nine million
people from invasion, and their lands and prop-
erty from tribute and spoliation? Estimate the
wastes of war. The amplesr tables are now before
us. Many of them time nor thrift can ever restore.
Why, sir, an armed vessel in a single week, in
those narrow lakes, could destroy twice as much
as these improvements would cost, under the fab-
ulous estimates of even the opponents of this
measure. And is it worth nothing to prevent the
hazard of a war with England? Does anybody
suppose that with the certain means of controlling
these lakes, and thus of controlling Canada, there
would then ever arise a probability of war?
My able colleague from the Dayton district
[Mr. Vallandigham] opposes this measure, be-
cause he says that it is a direct war upon the in-
terests of five or six States, and of as many great
cities. This is a grave declaration, indeed, it
is kindred to the opposition of the two gentlemen
from Indiana, [ Mes&rs. Holm an and Voorhees,]
who with their tears swell the crystal waters of
the Mississippi. They seem to regard this as a
direct war upon thatriveV, and if it succecds, that
rather respectable stream would incontinently
" dry up. I cannot understand how this measure
can affect the Mississippi. It makes it no longer;
it removes no town from its banks; it leaves every-
body and thing that choose to meander down its
romantic and aromatic tide as ever, with no hin-
derance or additional burden. In what way could it
result adversely to the States and cities of my col-
league [Mr.vallandigiiam?j Why, a ship canal
connecting the Mississippi and Lake Michigan
would open up such a clump and magnificent out-
let, so much nearer and more direct, and to so
much better a market, that the overburdened lands
ofthe Westand Northwest would be diverted from
older, more circuitous, and much dearer routes to
a worse market, to the new. And the people of
the States and cities icforred to would thereby lose
their profits made up wholly of these enormous
charges for transportation and costs of marketing
by these old and expensive routes. And to whom,
pray, would the difference between the old and
new transportation and cost of marketing fall by
this change? To the producer, to be sure, as it
should. It increases to him by just so much the
market value of every article he raises, itcomes
to the sweating worker of the millions of fertile
^crcs in the far-off West, whose products rot and
molderaway on his hands, or are burned for fuel,
offending heaven and the day with the smoke of
a blasphemous waste. It comes to him like a
revealed beneficence, for it brings an equivalent
for his products, and bears his before useless corn
to the hungry remote thousands for whom God
intended it. I was amazed at the logic of the
gentleman from Ohio. That argument would
have forever prevented the construction of a canal
or raihoad, that puck-horses and wagons might
receive their accustomed patronage, and that way-
side inns might -still feed hungry men and horses.
The wise legislator would, if he could,annihilate
space between producer and consumer, and abol-
ish the earner who lives on both, producing noth-
ing but devouring charges.
And I beg my mourning Indiana friends, and
in tins I include the gentleman on my left [Mr.
Pouter] also, to remember that when we had
this same Mississippi rolling its tide of fertilizing
mud uninterruptedly to the sea, with the present
means of transportation eastward ail in working
order, that still the poor workers starved in Eu-
rope, and the ooor workers burned corn in Illinois.
All the nations of the earth rise up and condemn
this state of things; and when we propose to im-
prove as we may this relation of the parties, the
gentlemanfrom Indiana [Mr.Voorhees] exclaims
against it as a sin against nature. The old ways
opened up by the Almighty are preferred by him.
These Indianians seem to think that their noble
State was born of the Mississippi; as old Egypt
was of Nilus slime. Sir, had the Mississippi been
their only QjitJet, Indiana would have been a wil-
derness to-day, with not one hundred and fifty
thousand inhabitants in her borders.
This constellation of great western States were
born of the East; and, like the children of the
Magians, their faces are ever toward the Orient.
I can remember when there was not a harbor
improvement from Buffalo to Milwaukee. I can
remember, too, the sneers and jeers at the scheme
of the ponderous-headed, deep-eyed Clinton, of
connecting the waters of Erie with the Atlantic.
And yet the prophet voice that spoke it into ex-
istence invoked the mighty West into being. The
dim recesses of interminable forests, the great
empty prairies—empty since the dawn of time—
heard that voice, and came forth with their teeming
millions to realize the dreams of old imaginings.
Sir, in my judgment, as a commercial and peace
measure, there now exist the same reasons for
the works proposed by this bill as existed for the
great enterprise of Clinton. The same forces that
produced that, still work with a tenfold energy;
and how any man can fail to see this, is to me
incomprehensible; and how any man of the West,
or who sympathizes with it, or who loves to see
his nation develop and swell to her grand and
just proportions, can withhold his support from
this measure—as I fear all my colleagues save two
will—is still more incomprehensible.
It is easy to call this a sectional scheme, and
denounce it; butlet gentlemen beware; the North-
west, now but a huge outlined giant, is rapidly
filling up and hardening and solidifying into its
just proportions, and will soon cease to be a sec-
tion; it will become the nation, and will in its own
good pleasure and time dispose of the sections.
It was to be expected that Pennsylvania would
oppose it solid, although she, too, rests upon the
lakes. Nothing traverses her soil from which
she does not exact tribute. And her citizens for
a whole winter, with arms in their hands, recently
forced the whole traveling North to patronize her
peanut-venders at Eric, tne placc where Perry's
fleet was built. The nation has cheerfully shaped
its policy to develop her resources. Her coal and
iron are exempt even from taxation; and yet her
Representatives stand here the "goblins of the
mines," a stupid, inert mass of selfish obstinacy,
to w&all up the way of this great measure. We
say to Pennsylvania, too, we bide our time.
Die unregenerated gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Voorhees] desires no artificial channels of
intercourse and interest to bind together the re-
mote parts of the Republic; the water-courses of
nature are ample for him. Can that gentleman,
in the blindness of prejudice, have forgotten that
it is commerce, born of thrift and gain, that has
opened up all the beautiful ways of intercourse
between the peoples of the earth, has been the
bearer of civilization, preceded the missionary of
Christianity, and trafficked in the arts and sciences
themselves? Under her genial care, the gentle and
sweet amenities of domestic life, love, marriage,
and family ties, have made alien tribes one people
in blood and interest.
Sir, I regard, in this aspect, this measure as one
of vast national moment. We have already de-
creed the construction of the Pacific railroad. Not
an argument fot that but pleads for this. That
is the grandest national labor of this age. It
weds the Orient and Occident; and their beautiful
progeny, going and coming upon it, like the an-
gels on the filmy ladder in the dream of the old
patriarch, shall strew the continent, flower-like,
with blessings.
In the fierce and organized opposition to this
measure, I see something ominous of its present
fortunes. Let not gentlemen exult; it will be only
postponed to a better day and wiser counsels. If
it fails now, I transmit my labor in it to my abler
successor, and those who may follow him, till it
is accomplished.
SHIP CANALS.
REMARKS OF HON. R. MoKNIGHT,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1863,
On the bill authorizing a subscription in bonds of $13,300,000
to the Illinois canal, and $3,500,000 to enlarge the New
York canals.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, at this late
stage of the discussion I shall trespass very briefly
on the patience, or impatience, of the House. I
have not felt content to sit passive while a scheme
involving an expenditure of such magnitude was
being forced through. The House cannot forget
that even a portion of this gigantic job, that is,
the Illinois canal, found little favor at the last ses-
sion, and was unceremoniously tabled. But now,
sir, when our national outlay is even more enor-
mous than at that time, entailing vastly increased
burdens on all our people, we are met by a huge
log-rolling scheme, combining the enormity of the
last session with another—the enlargement of the
Erie canal.
Our Illinois brethren, by plowing with the
New York heifer, have drawn to their aid New
York and New England. At the support of the
New York delegation, especially of those along
the line of canal, and those in the vicinity of New
York city, whose commerce is to be swollen by
the contemplated improvement, I am not so much
surprised; but that New England, honest, virtu-
ous, thrifty, economical, Puritan New England
should be so far swayed from her propriety and
her legitimacy as to favor this extravagance, does
excite my "special wonder."
I have regretted, Mr. Speaker, that the discus-
sion could not be conducted with less acrimony
and bad temper. I am willing that gentlemen
shall advocate their favorite measures on this
floor with all the earnestness of which they are
capable, under the presumption that they are act-
uated by proper and patriotic motives, how much
soever I may deem them mistaken in their states-
manship, leaving them responsible to their con-
sciences, their constituency, and posteiity.
The champions of this measure profess them-
selves surprised at the violent opposition it has
encountered; and yet, sir, what is the full extent
of the scheme involved? On the face of the bill,
nearly seventeen million dollars are appropriated;
and yet I presume not one member thinks this
sum adequate for the ends proposed. Nay, sir,
I do not think that twice seventeen will suffice.
But I oppose this wild venture not alone be-
cause of the expense, but for its impracticability,
so far as it concerns the great purpose for which
it is alleged these canals are to be made. Its friends
and advocates say it is a military necessity—a
phrase used to cover many a flagrant act! So
far as the New York branch of the scheme goes,
if we could at once, on the passage of the bill,
as with the enchanter's wand, open this canal for
the passage of our gunboats to the lakes, it might
be worthy of consideration. But who does not
know that years must pass before we could reap
the benefit of the enlargement? So .that for the pur-
poses of the present war it would be entirely use-
less; and if it be pressed asa measureof precaution
for future wars, I take it we had better postpone
alt works of internal improvement, of merely pro-
spective advantage, until the restoration of peace,
when we shall have more leisure and a fuller ex-
chequer. Moreover, the argument that, in case
of a war with England, our only reliance for the
protection of our lake towns and shipping must
be on gunboaLs forwarded from the ocean til rough
the New York canal, does not carry great weight
with me.
Leaving out of view the fact that in such an
event we will need all our vessels of war, and
more, to protect our coast and shipping, 1 cannot
overlook the otherfact, thateven if this ship canal
were completed to a depth sufficient for the pas-
sage of gunboats, it is liable to be closed with ice,
as admitted by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Oi,in] for some five months of the year, per-
haps the very period when we should most need
to use it, if we depended on it for the protection
of our lake towns. And after all, in case of war
