754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
was a fictitious value attached to that Fort Snell-
I do not icttow how much it was worth;
but I beiieve, and I think the fact will be found to
be., .that the whole tract has been sold at the Gov-
ernment price of $1 25 an acre, including the very
land on winch their certificate was sought to be
levied. At ail- events, that land was ordered to
be sold precisely on the same principles as any
other public land of the United States. Why
should not their certificate have covered it, Mr.
President: Can you or any Senator tell why a
certificate that authorized these heirs to take any
land of the United States not subject to preemp-
tion} should not have gone on that as well as on
any other land ? The Senator from Iowa says that
that was a special tract of land somehow reserved
for some special purpose, if it was, I should not
claim it. if it has been set aside by the Govern-
ment of the United States for any particular use,
I should not contend that they could locate their
certificate on it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inform the Senator that
it was reserved for a military post, for a fort.
Mr. WADE. I know the Government had a
fort there, but the Government only occupied a
very small portion of the land, and nobody ever
thought of levying on the land which was re-
served for the fort. The fact was that that land
was ordered to be sold just as other land, not that
portion of it reserved for a fort, but the rost of the
land there, and it then came plainly and palpably
within this grant. I hold that if they had levied
the certificate on the Fort Snelling land,and noti-
fied the Government of the United States that they
had done so, from that moment an equitable litle
would have acciued to them which any court of
chancery would have executed. The making of
such a location by them on land not subject to
preemption, and notifying the Government of the
fact, would have vested the title in them in such
sort that it could not have been divested, but they
could have called for the specific execution of the
contract against an individual, although of course
they cannot sue the Government.
That, however, is not what we claim. We claim
nothing for that. We failed in that, as we failed
everywhere. We could not got the Government
to say that we could take any land unless we
should take that which was but 25 an acre,
which would have been a poor and miserable
compensation for the noble grant that the Govern-
ment intended to make to these heirs. There, sir,
is where these heirs have been injured all the ume
by the attempt of the Government officers con-
stantly to belittle their grant, to turn them olT
with land that was only worth $1 25 an acre.
They would not take that, of course. They sought
to avail themselves of the full benefit of their grant
honestly and honorably; there is nothing under-
handed, nothing wrong about it. They sought
to take just precisely what the Government said
they were entitled to, but the officers of the Gov-
ernment have been continually trying to make
something else out of it. Now, sir, I do not care
what the Court of Claims may have found; I do
not care what your land officers may have ruled;
but I know the principles of law, and every law-
yer here knows that m law the grant was broad 1
enough to cover anything and everything that
they sought to obtain by it. But suppose there
haa been no law; what then? Thus far I have
proceeded upon the strict piinciples of law appli-
cable to the contract that the Government made
with these heirs when they surrendered this land
to the Government; but now suppose we drop all
that; let us say for a moment that these heirs had
no right, that they were endeavoring to claim
more than was due to them, that they sought to i
locate their certificate on land that they were not 1
in law entitled to locate it upon; what then? You
see the origin of their title; you set- the endeavors
Congress has constantly made to give them re-
dress; and I ask each Senator hen*, who is not
tied down by any law or any technicality, is there
any reason why you should wish now to put these
parties off with a mere pittance, and say that thov
shall not have the full benefit of that grant which
was made so meritoriously to them, which cost
the Government nothing, which was a reserva-
tion from the Indiaus made: in their behalf? In
foi m, to be. sure, the treaty says that by an agree-
ment made this land was reserved by the United
Slates; but an agreement with whom? With the
Indians, for this very purpose, it never did be-
long to the United States; but suppose it had be-
longed to the United States, what do we ask in
the bill ? We ask nothing for the Fort Snelling
land; we ask nothing for any particular land; but
we simply say that in that great fertile reserva-
tion, which was among the very best land in our
western country,as everybody knows,these heirs
shall be entitled to have the benefit of the grant
of an average half section of land, the same as
though it had been fairly and honestly awarded
to them at the time this grant was made.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. The Wyandott land was sold
at auction, with a limitation that no bid should
be received less than $2 50 an acre. Am I right?
Mr. WADE. 1 believe you are.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was the minimum
of the bids as limited by the statute. The reso-
lution of 1847 allowed these parties to take any
land that was in the marketat a minimum of $2 50,
as I understand. What construction does the
gentleman put on that resolution of 1847 ?
Mr. WADE, i must say to the Senator that
I can put no other construction upon it than that
if the Wyandott land belonged to the United States,
and was not subject to preemption, they might
take that. I can see no reason why they could
not.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am not talking about
the reason, but about the construction given to
that resolution which limits tho minimum to $2 50
an acre. All the Wyandott land was limited to
that minimum.
Mr? WADE. But now suppose there was no
reservation; suppose it was at large to-day; what
would you do? They have not got their land, and
they have not got it because it wa« not fairly
awarded to them and laid ofT by the Government.
They have not been able to get it, according to
their views of the grant. There is nothing wrong
in ail this; and 1 would have it understood now
that, although it is sought to change them with
something wrong, because they have been simple
enough (if that is so) to believe that they were en-
titled to take land anywhere which was not subject
to preemption, there is no proof of any wrong on
their part. They sought to get land m the Wy-
andott reservation; the Government would not
let them have it; the Government said they were
not entitled to it. Now, 1 want to call the atten-
tion of the {Senator from Vermont to this: if they
were limited to take land that was worth only
$2 50 an acre, what would they make by surren-
dering that which was worth at least from five to
seven dollars an acre ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The difficulty was, as I
understand it—and my inquiry was with a view
to understand it—thatthey parted with their ori-
ginal lands before the Wyandott lands came into
market. When they came up and surrendered
to the United States their certificate under the act
of 1840, at that time the United States did not own
the Wyandott. lands at all.
Mr. WADE. Very likely.
Mr. COLLAMER. The United States acquired
that land m 1842 or 1843. When these parties
came up and surrendered the land on the Potta-
watomie reservation, and took the certificate, the
Wyandott land was Indian land; the United States
had nothing to do with if.
Mr. WADE. That might be.
Mr. COWAN. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that I think the construction is perfectly
plain. The resolution is that the certificate shall
be received in payment of a half section of the
Wyandott lands as described here (it may be
that they were all actually described) at a mini-
mum of $2 50 per acre. The persons who framed
the resolution seemed to beappiehensive that the re
might be other lands at a minimum of $1 25, for
instance, and the resolution is clear that the cer-
tificate should be received for a half section of any
$2 50 minimum land, no matter what the maxi-
mum might be.
Mr. WADE. As i have already said, there
vvaf no limitation to that grant; it extended to any
land that was not subject to preemption. I do
not suppose lt.made any difference how valuable
it might turn out to be afterwards, they had a right
fco take any tract of public land which was not
then subject to preemption, if I were to buy a
land warrant in the market, precisely the same
argument could be used against my claim. If I
buy a land warrant, i have aright to locate it upon
any land subject to private entry. Would any
one stand here to argue to me, " sir, you may find"
a tract on which to locate your warant that may
be worth a fortune to you; a gold mine may be
upon it; it may have a mill site upon it; it may
have great advantages; and if you find such a
place, you cannot suppose that you are to be per-
mitted to locate your warrant upon that.'5 Aland
warrant may be located on any land subject to
priy&te entry; it may cost me but fifty cents an
acre, and yet I may be fortunate enough to fish
up with it some land that may be worth $500 an
acre, if I do, can I not avail myself of it? Is it
wrong for me, if 1 am fortunate enough to find
such a place ? Dops the chance, the opportunity
to do that, vary the price of your warrant? itia
so remote that it is not taken into consideration
at all. It is no more to be taken into considera-
tion in the case of this grant than in the case of a
land warrant. It may be true in either case that
you can get a very valuable location with the cer-
tificate or the warrant; but that is no argument to
show that the grant is void. There is, however,
no such question in this case; it has nothing to do
with the claim.
I was arguing the question on the supposition
that 1 was entirely wrong as to the legal effect of
the original grant, and was asking what you
would do then. You have seen the beneficial,
to the Government the meritorious, origin of this
claim. You have seen that the price of this grant
of land was the blood of the father of these claim-
ants. Which of you now wishes to give it a nar-
row construction that shall injure its purpose?
They arc to take land. Land is not as valuable
now as it used to be. The time was, when these
grants were made, that land was very much
sought. Since that we have given land to any-
body who would go and occupy it. Your land
warrants have fallen in price from §1 25 to fifty
cents an acre. Land is a urtig in the market. We
lack many things; but land is not one of them.
All these claimants now ask is laud, land that will
compensate them for the land which they surren-
dered.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator does not intend
to misrepresent his own bill, I am sure; but the
fact is that it does not ask for a foot of land. That
is what I am willing to give them in my amend-
ment, and to give them double the quantity origin-
ally granted; but they do not want land.
Mr. WADE. I have entirely misunderstood
this bill, if they ask for anything but land.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly, there are more
points than one in the Senator's speech which
illustrate that he does not understand the subject.
They do not ask for a foot of land.
Mr. WADE. I understand they do.
Mr. CLARK. The bill is for land scrip assign-
able by indorsement.
Mr. WADE, i know the bill proposes to grant
land scrip. If the Senator from Iowa makes a
difference between land sciip and land his obser-
vations are perfectly just. All they ask is what
they have always asked, a right to receive what-
ever they are entitled to in land, and nothing but
land. Gentlemen need not undertake to quibble
upon that. There is no difference that I know of
between a land warrant and land. If you agree
to take your pay in a land warrant it means land;
f speak of it as such. Now, what do they claim?
Do they claim anything wrong? In 1840 they
ought to have had three hundred and twentyacres
of the average quality of land m the Pottawato-
mie reservation. Was that not their right? I
put that question to every Senator. If the land
to which these infant heirs were entitled had been,
m 1840, laid off to them in severalty, ought it not
to have been the average quality of land in that
tract? Does anybody doubt that ? Alltheyask,
then, is that the Court of Claims may go on to as-
certain what such a half section of land was worth
there where they were likely to have had it, and
where they would have had it had it not been for
the blundering of the officers who set it off to them
to their injury. How much was that worth, then,
at the time they were entitled to take it, when it
was undertaken to be set off to them ? The court
is to ascertain that without considering any ex-
traneous advantages, and simply to decide what
it was worth to them. As they could not get it;
as they have been bluifed'oft constantly; as they
have tried every way, by every means within their
power, to obtain the title to H, and the Govern-
