February 6,
treaty, or this special act of Congress, you will
fihd nothing to distinguish this case from others,
in the treaty itself there'are, i think, nearly one
hundred grantees that take lands by the same title
precisely with the heirs of Stephen Johnston. They
were then entitled tea fair, average piece of agricul-
tural land'. Now, it is.nowhere shown that Con-
gress intended to give them anything more than
this. In each of tne two special acts of Congress
that hfove been passed in their favor, the phrase-
ology tyill bear out no other construction than that
Congress intendedvto allow them to exchange that
half section with which they were dissatisfied for
some other half section of land. There had been
no additional consideration given by them to the
Government. The object of Congress certainly
must have been merely to transfer their rights
from that half section to some other half section
of land. It is not indicated in any one of these
acts that it was intended by Congress that they
Should have more than a fair, average half section
of agricultural land. The officers of the Govern-
ment have bo held; and I desire, if I can turn to
it, to read the very phraseology used by the offi-
cers of the Government in interpreting the act uf
Congress under which the Senator from Ohio
iksems to suppose these heirs have acquired addi-
tional rights, rights that were not granted to them
in the treaty, for it all depends on this. And when
we examine the treaty we find that it grants them
a life-estate in a half section of land, which, ac-
cording to the uniform construction of such gifts
or grants, cannot be held to mean more than a
fair, average piece of wild land unimproved. In
this case it was in a new country where there were
no inhabitants, without towns or villages or other
improvements. That is all that was granted in
the treaty. Now, unless Congress intended to
grant more in the special acts for which no con-
sideration was received, they ought to be content
with' this. If they have lain out of the use of this
land for a quarter of a century or more, it is their
own fault; they have rested on their own rights;
they have deprived themselves of the enhanced
value of land by their own negligence. I will read
from the letter of J. Y. Mason, Attorney General,
interning this special act of Congress in which
the Senator from Ohio seems to suppose these
parties acquired additional rights. He says:
u 1 do not sec any reason to disturb the dccMon made
ks this ease by lion. Robert J. Walker, Secretaiy of the
Treasury."
Thus it will be seen that the Secretary of the
Treasury decided against these parties; and then
they went to the Attorney General, who says:
,{1. The certificate issued by virtue ofthe act of20th Juty,
1840. Was made 1 receivable in payment at any landoflice of
the United States for any half section of land not subject to
preemption.' I am ofopimon that tins certificate could not
be received in pajment for lands at any landoflice, for any
Jantfcwhich was not, prior to the 4th of March, J 813, in a
condition to be sold-
"I think the location must have been according to sec-
tional lines, and therefore that it could not be made before
the survey ofthe lands. The recently decided case of Barry
and Gamble (3d Howard, 32) is not in conflict with this
opinion.
u 2. The act of 3d of March, 1843, clearly shows that the
Wyandott lands wore to bo offered at sale. No light of pre-
emption or private emiy existed, but the whole oi the lands
were to be offered at sale, and not to be sold, nor to be sub-
ject to private entry theiealtcr, at le.-s than SO per acre.
"I do not think it an unauthorized conclusion that the
certificate authorized by the act of 1840 could be used in
payment for thosse public lands only which were liable to
preemption claims. Huch claim* could only be asserted as
to lands atthe minimum of$l 25 per acre. "Thcholdeis of
the certificate were to have half <t section of land not sub-
ject to preemption. The Wjaudoft lands were not and
could not be subject to preemption without further legis>l<i-
tion.
" The considerations winch induce Congress to put them
on a different footing are very obvious.
u To authorize the location of tins certificate on these
lands would be inconsistent with that manifest pmpose.
The question, it appears to me, was rigluly decided by
Mr. Hecretary Bibb, and I do not perceive any ground on
which his decision should be leveised."
It will be seen here that first the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, then Mr. Secretary
Bibb, and afterwards Mr. Secretary Walker, and
afterwards the Attorney General, J. Y. Mason, all
decided that under that special act of Congress
they had no right to go on to a teservation; that
they must locate their certificate width they se-
cured under this special legislation of Congress,
on a half section of " public land."
This, then, i  the whole of their right. That
brings me to reply to the statement made by the
S&eator fr^ia Ohio^ that these parties hail been
continually trying to locate their certificate and
had been bluffed off at every point. It does not
appear in the whole record that they ever tried to
locate this certificate except on the Wyandott In-
dian reservation and on the Fort Snelling military
reservation, neither of which was any part of the
public lands as understood by Congress and at
the Department. Neither ever had been, and nei-
ther ever has been since that period. They were
both reservations taken out of the body of the pub-
lic land for special purposes, and when ordered
to sale, were ordered to sale under special act of
Congress, in which the manner of the sale was
definitely laid down; so that, in my opinion, the
officers of the Government have construed the law
in this case correctly. In both of these instances
it does not appear that they have ever tried to lo-
cate their land certificate anywhere else except on
either an Indian or a military reservation.
Then, if it was not the intention of Congress
to give them more than was granted in the treaty,
they have acquired no additional rights. If not,
they have not been damaged except by their own
laches. They declined to take what was granted
by the treaty. They prayed for an act of Con-
gress to allow them to locate a half section some-
where else, and Congress gave them that right,
and they declined to locate it anywhere else within
the purview of that grant, and claimed the right
to go outside the public lands on either an Indian
reservation or a military reservation. This is the
whole of the case; there is nothing else iu it; and
if you overturn these decisions of the Department
in the construction of the law, where will you
end ? You have millions of l^nd scrip now float-
ing in the country in the hands of thousands of
grantees, subject to location on any ofthe surveyed
public lands. If you allow these parties to come
in and secure indemnity, in money or in land
scrip, do you not lay a foundation for innumera-
ble applications of the same kind? The heirs of
Johnston have done nothing for the Government.
The only merit in the case was the patriotism of
a father, who lost his life in the country's service;
a civilian, not a soldier; nor was he in the civil
service of the Government proper, he held no
office; but he was employed to carry a message;
he lost his life, and the Government granted to
his heirs a half section of land.
Now, on the question of equity, of merit, on
which the Senator from Ohio dwelt so long and
so pathetically, I inquire how much greater are
the claims of these heirs than the heirs of a man
who falls in battle ? The heirs of those who have
fallen m the Indian wars in fighting the battles of
the country, those who fell in the revolutionary
war, in the wdr of 1812, or in the Mcxican war,
received land scrip for one hundred and sixty
acres of land subject to sale at private entry. The
heirs of Johnston accidentally shot by the Indians
now hold their certificate for double the amount.
Now, on what principle can you enlarge their
grant that will not equally entitle the original hold-
ers of military land warrants to an equal measure
of damages? I pray that Senators shall be con-
sistent, and conform their legislation in this case
to some principle which it may be safe to follow
in all similar cases.
The Senator from Ohio urges that the public
lands are now less valuable than formerly; that
we have rendered them so by the passage of our
homestead bills. Rut may not every one who
heftis a military bounty land warrant come in and
say with equal propriety, 44 why, here, this land
warrant is the price of blood; it is the price of the
blood of my noble sire; he fell in the defense of
his country; he poured out his life for the inter-
ests of this Government; now you have passed
a homestead bill and rendered the lands eilmost
valueless; I come in here now and demand that
! you shall give me something like an equitable con-
| sideration for this land scrip which you, by your
; act, have rendered valueless.5' Would not the
claim of every holder of a bounty land warrant be
equally equitable with that of the holder of this
scrip ? Is it more meritorious to carry a message
on a frontier m a civil capacity, than it is to bear
arms in defense of the country on a battle-field?
As it seems to me, Mr. President, if you depart
from the well-established principles of the Gov-
ernment in this case, in favor of these parties,
you will throw the door open to a very large class
of claimants; and I sea not where such a policy
will eo'4.
Now one Word in relation to myself. This bill
ought to have gone to the Committee on Public
Lands. It was not sent there. I supposed my-
self, as one of the members of that committee, to-
be under some obligation to the Senate to watch
these bills and to see that no such bill should pass
the Senate in conflict with the principles that have
controlled the legislation of Congress, and that
have controlled the execution of the laws of Con*
gress by the Departments of the Federal Govern-
ment without calling the attention of Senators to
the innovation. I supposed that was apart of my
duty as a member of that committee; that I was
placcd there as a kind of sentinel to guard the in-
terests of the Government. So far from being en-
titled to the censure and the denunciation that I
have received here from the Senator from Ohio,
it seems to me that I am entitled at least to a
respectful consideration for my good intentions,
because certainly I have had no other motive to
prompt me to say a single word in relation to this
case. What these parties claim in this bill is in
conflict with the principles that have controlled
your land department from the beginning, is in
conflict with the land laws, is in excess of the
grant made by the President and Senate originally
in the treaty, and, as it seems to me, in excess of
the relief intended by Congress in the special legis-
lation to which reference has been made; and if
so, the original bill ought not to pass.
Now, to show more conclusively that I could
have had no vindictive feelings in the amendment
that I have proposed, I enlarge the grant some-
what. Originally these parties were entitled to a
half section. If my amendfrnent should prevail,
and they choose to locate it on the public domain
that has not been reserved for any special pur-
pose, they can secure a full section of land, six
hundred and forty acres; or if they choose to lo-
cate it on the line of a railroad where the reserved
sections have been put up to §2 50 an acre, they
may select the original quantity, a half section.
The Senator says, though, that the lands now
are not as valuable as they were then. In this the
Senator commits a great uiror. The public lands
outside of the settlements are as valuable now as
they ever were. What these parties have com-
plained of is that their land was outside of the set-
tlements, in the Indian country, beyond any im-
provement, mere wild land. They complained that
they were required to take that by the treaty, and
that they were not granted the land to which ad-
ditional value had been attached by the labor of
other men. They think that it might have been
so located that the labor expended by others in
building a city, in constructing a canal %or in erect-
ing fortifications would have.made it more valua-
ble. The citizens of Ohio residing along the Mau
mee canal had improved the country and greatly
enhanced the value of the surrounding lands. The
heirs of Mr. Johnston struggle hard to locate their
scrip on this reservation, that they may reap the
fruits of the labor of other men. Out in Indiana
they find the lands granted them in the Indian
country worth but little. This reserve, on the
line of a canal in Ohio, they find to be worth much
more. They struggle to procure it—land on which
they had bestowed no labor, that had been in-
creased in value by nothing which they had done,
but by the labor of others. But they fail. They
then complained of injustice when the Departments
held that they have no right to locate their certifi-
cate on that reservation, and insist that they, at
least, ought to have the right to go up into Min-
nesota and take a piece of land which had been
reserved for a fort, a military reservation, to which
a large augmentation of value has attached on ac-
count of the expenditure of the money ofthe Gov-
ernment. The Senator says that it was not the
fort they desired to buy. Certainly not; but it
was a part ofthe military reservation, a piece of
land adjacent to the fort that had been made val-
uable by the expenditure of the money of the Gov-
ernment. They have now, under their certificate,
the right to go on to the public domain and sclect
any half section of the public land, however val-
uable, they themselves being their own agents,
being their own judges of its value. They may
now, as heretofore, make an advantageous loca-
tion, if they but exercise ordinary discretion^that
will run up in value as the country improves, in
the same manner precisely of those which they
have heretofore coveted, If, then, they have suf-
fered any damage in this* case, it is by their ©vrn
