104
4.4WENDIX TO SEE CONGffiSSSIONAL
[February 2,
Stai Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Bollins.
Ho. of Reps.
ican progress and civilization. Thegreatand good
Washington taught and advised " that the unity
of Government which constituted us one people
should ever be dear to us."
"Itis justlysOjforitisa.m^Ui^iHariii thecdiftccofyQur
real Ihdepi^lftence; the supportofyour tranquillity athomc,
%your poaoe abroad; of your safety; of y6tir prosperity ; of
tfigt very-liberty which yoa so fti'ghly prize. Kutas ittseasy
to foresee that, from different causes and from different quar-
ters, much paini will be taken, many artifices employe*!,
' to weaken in your minds this conviction of this truth—as
this is the point in your political fortress against which the
batteries of internal and ex-r.ernal enemieswiil be most con -
.ja^aiuly and actively (though often covertly and insidiously)
directed—it is of infinite moment that you should pioperly
estimate the immense value of your national Union to your
collective and individualhnppinesf, that you should cherish
a cordial, habitual, and iinmovabie.attachment to it; aecus-
tQiningyoui selves to think ami speak ofit/isofthc palladium
of your political safety and prosperity; watching for if.- pres-
ervation with jealous anxiety•> discountenancing whatever
may suggest even a suspicion that it can, in any event, be
abandoned; and indignantly howning upon the first dawn-
ing of every attempt to alienate any portion of our couutry
from the Vest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link
together the various parts.
" For this you have every inducementof sympathy and
interest. Ciiuens, by bhti) or choice, of a common coun-
try, that country ha* a nght to concentrate your affections.
The name ot Jbncrican, which belongs to you in your na-
tional capacity. mu->f ulwavs exalt the ju-*t pride of patriot-
ism more than any appellation derived trotn local discihn-
inatlons. With slight shades of difference, you have the
utainc it'ligion, manner*, habits, and political principles.
You have, in a common c.utse, fought and triumphed to-
gether; the independence and liberty you po^es* are the
work of joint counsels and joint efforts, of common dan-
gers, ^uficiiii£s, and huceesscs.
" But these considerations, however powerfully they
address themselves to your sensibility, are greatly out-
weighed by those which apply more hnmedintoly to your
interest; here every portion of our country finds the most
commanding motives tot carefully guarding and preserving
the union of the whole,
"The North, in an unrestrained intercourse with the
South, protected by the equal laws of a common Govern-
ment, finds m the productions of ihe latter great additional
ruMwrces of maritime ami coinmeicial enterpi use, and pie-
ciou* maleriaN of manufaenning indn-^tiy. The South,
in the same intercourse, benefiting by the same agency of
the North, sees its agriculture grow and its commerce ex-
pand. Turning pailly into its own channels the t-camen of
the North, it finds it*. particular navigation invigorated;
and while it contributes in different ways tonouush and
increase the geneial mass of the national navigation, it
looks forward to the protection of a maritime strength to
which itself' is unequally adapted. The East, in like inter-
course with the West, already finds, and in the progressive
improvement of interior communication by land ami water
will more and more find, a valuable vent for the commod-
ities which it brings from abroad or manufactures at home.
The West derives fiom the East supplies lequiMte to us
growth and eomlbitj and what i->, perhaps, of still greater
consequence, it mu-t, of necessity, owe the secure enjoy-
ment ol indispensable outlets for its own productions to the
weight, influence, nod the future maritime strength of the
Atlantic hide of the Union, dnee ted by an indissoluble com-
munity of inteiest as one nation. Any other tenure by
which tiie West ran hold this oseimai advantage, whether
derived from its oww separate sirength ot from an apostate
and unnatural connection with any loroign Power, must be
Intrinsically precai ion.<.
While, then, eveiv part of our country thus feels an
immediate and pariicular interest in union, all the parts
combined cannot fail to lind, in the united mass of means
and dibit**,Renter strength, gieater resource, pioponion-
ably greater sceui tty fioni externa) danger, a less Ircqmrnt
intenuption of their peace by foreign nations; and what is
of inestimable value, they must derive from union an ex-
emption hum those broilrt and wars between themselves
which so frequently ailhet neighboring countries not tied
together by the .same Government, which their own rival-
Miips alone would be sufficient to produce, but which op-
posite foreign alliances, attachments, and intrigues would
stimulate and embitter. Hence, likewise, they will avoid
the necessity ot tho.-e overgrown military establishments
which, under anv form of government, are inuuspictous to
Jihertv, and which are to he regarded as particularly hostile
to republican liberty. In this sem«e it is that your union
ought to be eonsideied as a mam prop or your liberty, and
that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preser-
vation of the other."
This was his farewell legacy to his children.
Let us not forget it. Let his wisdom be embalmed
in our hearts. And if we are to perish, let us go
down, not mutilated and in fragments, but as a
great people, who had not the sense, the intelli-
gence, the wisdom, the patriotism, and the prin-
ciple to preserve themselves; and letit be inscribed
upon our grave-stones, "Here lies a nation of
fools who had not the integrity to preserve the
richest inheritance of a wise and noble ancestry!"
But how, sir, are we to save this Union and
carry on this mighty contest to a successful issue?
It is by preserving the unity of the sentiment of
the nation. If our counsels are distracted all is
lost. We must act in harmony. We must keep
in view the grand object to be attained, the pres-
ervation of the Constitution. We started out right
in this contest. There was no dissenting voice
then. At the July session, 1861, of this Congress,
the following resolution passed, with only two dis-
senting voices:
i( Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United States, That the present deploi able civil
war has been lorced upon the country by the disunionists
of the southern States now in revolt against the constitu-
tional Government, and in arms around the capital; that in
this national emergency Congress, banishing all feeling of
mere passion or icsenttnent, will recollect only its duty to
the whole country; that this war is not waged up^n our
part in any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of con-
quci-t or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering with the rights or established institutions of those
States; but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and to preserve the Union with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unimpaired ; that
as soon as these"objects are accomplished, the war ought to
cease."
Everybody approved it of all parties, in the
free and in the border States, from the President
down. We cannot recur to this resolution too
often; it covers the whole ground; it contains the
true doctrine; it should be engraved upon every
patriot soldier's heart. With this resolution us
our guide, our arms will bo finally crowned with
success, for upon it the whole nation can unite,
or all those who desire in good faith to preserve
the Government. And it is for the reason that
the bill now under consideration, and offered to
us by the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, destroys this national unity, and violates
altogether the letter and spirit of the foregoing
resolution, that I oppose it. Sir, in my poor
view this measure is fraught with infinite mischief
to our cause. Already it divides us, to whom is
committed the legislation of the country. Men
in civil life all over the country are divided upon
it. The uress is divided; ay, sir, and your Army
will be divided, officers and men, until not only
distrust, but war itself will be the fatal conse-
quence among ourselves.
This law cannot and ought not to be executed
in a single one of the border Slates. Any attempt
to carry it out theic will produce a fatal collision
between the Genera! Government and the citzens
of these Stales. However much men may love
the Union, however true and faithful they may
have been heretofore, and strong their desire to
preserve the Government, they will not, without
resentment, suffer their property to be taken, and
their homes endangered contrary to all their ideas of
justice, and in down i ig lit violation of the very prin-
ciples of the Constitution which they are fighting
to preserve. Sir, this is taxing the patriotism of
that class of our people much further than you
have any light to do. As was truly remarked a few
days since by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
White,] this is a white man's war, and ought
to be fought out by white men; and it is degrad-
ing to the manhood of the twenty million white
freemen in the nation to have it said that they
were unable to put down this rebellion without call-
in# to their assistance, to aid them in fighting their
battles, the poor degraded negroes of the country,
and slaves at that. Sir, I venture the prediction
that if we cannot save the Republic except by such
means, then we are irretrievably lost, and we might
as well acknowledge it and disband our armies
at once.
Nor do I believe, sir, that this law can be exe-
cuted in the northern States. The very first at-
tempt of white men or of negroes to enlist and re-
cruit negro soldieis in any of the large cities of the
Union, you will find to terminate m collision, in
mobs, in weakening the cause of the Government
and of the Union. It is unnecessary to inquire
why these things are so. The fact exists; every
man knows it. There is an utter repugnance on
the part of the white race to any association on
terms of equality with the negroes of the coun-
try. It has always been so, and thus it will ever
continue. Nor is this truth confined to any par-
ticular section of the country. This prejudice of
which I speak is universal; and whether founded
injustice and reason, is a fruitless inquiry. The
ban is upon the negro in all the departments of
political, military, social, and domestic life, and
this attempt to ride over this deep-rooted preju-
dice of the white race, in giving to the negro a
position in the armies of the Republic, and placing
him side by side with the American soldier, will
prove an utter and disastrous failure." 1 care not
what his courage, what his capabilities,; I repeat,
sir, it will prove upon trial an utter failure.
But, sir, in this attempt you are not only doing
the cause of the Government an injury, but you
are about to commit a great wrong upon the we-
gvo himself. You will thus awaken & deep hatred
on the part of the rebels against the negroes.
They will never recognize their equality with our
white soldiers. They will not treat them as pris-
oners of war, according to any recognized rules
of well-regulated warfare. They will be butchered
wherever they are found in arms. This has been
our experience thus far, even where they have
been employed to do only the menial service of
the camp. Sir, I will not by any vote of mine
add to the ferocity of this unnatural contest; and
humanity to the black man teaches me that we
should not place him in a position where he is
wholly incapable of sustaining himself, and
wherein, if this be a contest of long duration, it
must end in his destruction, and it may be his
total annihilation.
But, sir, there are other objections to this bill.
Its obvious tendency would be to incite insurrec-
tion and servile war in the southern States. Is
tiiis desirable? Is it becoming to us as an enlight-
ened and benevolent people to enter upon a policy
like this?
I know the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sedgwick] professes not to see any greater hor-
rois in a servile than in a civil war! Perhaps, sir,
if he resided in a slave State, in the midst of a
black population, where not only his own life, but
the lives of his children and friends, would be
placed in constant jeopardy, by arming a set of
ignorantand unthinking men, not likely to be con-
trolled by any proper military discipline, but
governed alone by their own heated passions and
prejudices, he might change his views upon this
subject. He might then recognize the difference
between the horrors of a servile and civil war !
Sir, so long as this is a contest between the
white men of the country its excesses will be bad
enough, but they will be kept within some proper
bounds. But follow out the policy indicated by this
measure by arming one hundred and fifty thou-
sand negroes, and even increasing this number as
the exigencies of the service may demand, and
every man must see the fierceness and cruelty
which must be added to this war. The hmocent
and the guilty in the southern States would be
placed upon the same footing. All would be de-
spoiled of their property alike; all would be sub-
jected to the same dangers. The torch of the in-
cendiary would bo applied alike to the dwelling of
the rebelin arms and that of the defenseless widow
and orphan! The knife of the infuriated negro
will be placed alike upon the throatof the devoted
Unionist struggling for his country's salvation
and the vile traitor whose efforts are directed to
its overthrow. It results at last in a remorseless
struggle revolting to humanity, inconsistent with
all the usages of civilized warfare, shocking to the
religious sentiment of the age, and far beneath our
own boasted Christian civilization. Sir, I wish to
avoid these terrible realities, and that stain which
a struggle like this would imprint upon our coun-
try's history!
But, sir, arm your three or five hundred thou-
sand negroes, what is to become of them after the
war is over? According to the terms of this bill
the sl%vcs who enlist are to be free, and their fam-
ilies are also to be free. But are they to be sol-
diers no longer? Will they be disbanded, or are
they, or a part of them, to be consolidated into
our Army, and remain a part of the permanent
military defense of the country? Are the wounded
and disabled to be placed upon your bounty and
pension lists? Are medals and commendatory
resolutions and votes of thanks to be awarded to
them by our legislative assemblies for their prow-
ess and valor upon the field of battle? Or will
you thus use them, and still keep them beneath
the iron heel of a social and political despotism ?
Will you keep closed upon them all the avenues
to distinction, all the portals which lead to use-
fulness, to honor,and to fame? Oris your object
to break down all the bulwarks of society, to
overcome and by force at once the fixed opinions
and prejudices of the people, strengthened by a
growth of centuries? Sir, if this be your grand
purpose, you have u mighty task before'you.
These changes in the ideas and sentiments of a peo-
ple raust always be the work of time, wrought out
