1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
negligence to take what was clearly granted, and
not to (Contend for more than they were either
legally or equitably entitled to.
Mr. WADE. Only one moment; for I have
said pretty much all I intended to say about this
subject. If 1 have said anything that reflects upon
the Senator from Iowa, I have said what I did not
intend to say. I may have made use of the word
" vindictive," but I intended no such thing, if I
did say it. But, Mr. President, the Senator argues
in relation to this claim, in the first place, that we
claim that the land wasofno value,and,secondly,
that it was very valuable. He says we are incon-
sistent with ourselves in this. I want to putmy-
self and the Senate right on that subjcct. In 1826
the right to this land accrued. All land in that
reservation was much less valuable then than it
was in 1840, when the privilege of making the fur-
ther selection was given. That was a very infe-
rior piece of land, or there is no truth in the evi-
dence. It was shown to Congress in 1840 to be
deficient in quantity nearly eighty acres, and very
deficient in quality; although it was deficient in
quality, it was, nevertheless, worth in 1840 at least
five dollars an acre. What 1 claimed was that
it was not as valuable as the average of land in
that reservation. That was the subject of com-
plaint. And now, sir, after all that has been said,
all that is claimed by this bill, all that is recom-
mended by the committee, is that the parties shall
be made exactly whole in the same way and to
the same extent that they would have been if the
Government had partitioned off to them a half sec-
tion of average land in that reservation. That
they were entitled to, and that the bill predicates
itself upon as a foundation. It is all we claim.
Then why talk about Fort Snelling or anything
else? Thatis all we claim, and that I believe the
Senator thinks we might be entitled to.
Although the land set apart to us was inferior,
I say again in 1840 it was worth five dollars per
acre, and the whole tract was worth, therefore,
$l,(i00. The Senator says now, after twenty
years' struggling to get it, that we ought to take
land worth $800 and no more. That is his amend-
ment. Under our bill, if the court shall find that
even the tract which the Government located for
us was an average tuict of land, then we arc out
of court. If it was what the Senator says it was,
an average tract of land in that reservation, the
court may award it to us under this very bill.
But they are to inquire what an average tract
was worth; they are to give us interest on that,
and then they are to give us land sciip for the
amount. That is all the bill asks for; and now
if we are not entitled to that we are not entitled
to anything. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. FOSTER. The consideration of this bill,
sir, promises to consume the entire day. I say
nothing about its merits or demerits; but there are
very few persons who have any interest in it, and
it certainly is not a question of great interest to
the public. There is another bill, there are many
others, but the one to which I allude particularly,
the bankrupt bill, is a bill of great public import-
ance, and a vast many private individuals are also
interested in it. At this stage of the session I can
hardly hope to get that bill up without antagomz-
ingit with some other bill; and itscemsto me this
is one which is of as little importance as any which
we shall probably be called upon to consider during
the session. I must, therefore, in order to test the
sense of the Senate on the question, move that the
further consideration of this and of all priorordcrs
be postponed,and that the Senate resume tne con-
sideration of the bankrupt bill; and on that ques-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays, because I want
the sense of the Senate on the question whether
they propose to act upon that bill during the pres-
ent session or not; for unless we can get action
to-day or to-morrow it is pretty apparent that
nothing can be done with that bill during the ses-
sion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. 1 hope that motion will not pre-
vail now. The debate on the pending bill is about
to close.
Mr. FOSTER. It will take the whole day.
Mr. COWAN. I think not. I think this is
just the way to lose time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Colhiraer, Doolittle, Foster,
Grimes, Hicks, Howe, King, Sauisbury, Sumner, lea
Eyck, Wall, Wilson ofMassachusetts, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—14.
NAY^—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Cowan, Fessenden,
Foot, Harding, Harris, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Pomeroy, Powell, Uice, Richardson, Turpie, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willcy, and Wiimot—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Semtor from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan.1
Mr. CLARK!. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, after the time
that has been consumed in the discussion of this
question, I do not propose to occupy much fur-
ther time. It seems to me, however, that there
are two or three considerations which should con-
trol the Senate in the discussion of this case.
When the Pottawatomie Indians made their
grant of land to the Government they reserved a
half section of land to the heirs of Johnston,
whom they had murdered. It was not an ordinary
half section of land; it was a section upon the
Indian leservation, which the Senator from Iowa
has characterized as more valuable than the or-
dinary Government land. In 1840, the heirs of
Johnston, for whom this reservation was made,
came to Congress representing that injustice had
been done them. Now, what was their condition
at that time? They had a half section of land,
which had already been granted to them, and
which had been located for them by the Govern-
ment. They said that it was deficient in quality
and quantity, and for that reason they came for
relief to Congress. But what had they? They
had two hundred and eighty-two acres of land
on the Pottawatomie reservation, and the proof
is uncontrovcrtcd that that land at that time was
worth from five to seven dollars an acre.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow mo to
inquire what is their proof except their own state-
ment about it?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know, but it was so
reported by the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and Congress acted on it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 find no proof whatever of that
fact except their own statement.
Mr. HARRIS. I shall not go into the testi-
mony on that. Congress acted on it and adjudged
that question. Congiess m 1840 adjudged that
question. It is res adjudicata that the land was
worth from five dollars to seven dollars an acre.
They claimed that they ought to have had land
worth more. I believe that they ought to have
had. But at any rate they had this land. So Con-
gress adjudged in 1840, and they said that is not
enough, they ought to have had more land and
better land. Then Congress passed a bill author-
izing them to smrender this land to the Govern-
ment, and to receive a certificate for a half section
of land that they might locate on any Government
lands not subject to preemption, which I under-
stand to mean any Government lands upon which
the right of preemption has not as yet been exer-
cised. That is what they received from the Gov-
ernment.
Now, what did Congress intend to do ? They
intended certainly to place the parties in a better
condition than they were before. They had al-
ready a piece of land which they estimated to be
wortlrsixtccn or eighteen hundred dollars. Con-
gress intended to-confer a benefit on them,notan
injury; but if the construction of the Senator from
Iowa be correct, Congress conferred a positive in-
jury on them, absolutely gave them a right to have
land which was worth $800 when they already
had land worth twice that amount. It would be
almost absurd to put a construction on a congres-
sional act which should produce such a result as
that. Congress never meant any such thing. I
think any man can see that Congress did not mean
to put them in p. worse predicament than they
were in when they came for relief; yet that would
be the effect of the construction which is con-
tended for by the Senator from Iowa.
What followed > Believing that they had a right
to locate a half section of land wherever they could
find Government lands unlocated, they bid off in
1845 a half section of land on the Wyandott re-
serve, at twenty-five dollars an acre. The Gov-
ernment officers say, " you cannot have that; all
you can have is a credit for $800 toward th'is land,
and no more." They came again to Congress,
and Congress pass a joint resol ti@n.i!i 1847, say?-
ing that this certificate,which.the parties receive^
under the act of 1840, shall be receivable.in pay-
mo ill. for any half section of land upon the Wyan-
dott reserve which is subject to location ata^iij- •
imum price of $2 50. Then the officers of ..{to
Government say," that meansthat this certificate
shall be received for$800, no more; and you.hav-
ing bid twenty-five dollars an acre for the lot, the
difference between twenty-five dollars wx acrc and
$2 50 an acre shall be paid in cash before you get
a foot." I insist that that is an absurd construc-
tion to' be put upon the resolution of 1847. - ,
Now, what is right in this case ? What will any
man's sense of equity dictate? Thes.e parties
surrendered land which was worth from five dol-
lars to seven dollars an acre in 1840. They sup-
posed they were going to get a benefit by making
that surrender. Now it is claimed that tbey thall
only have six hundred and forty acres of iand.a,t
§1 25 an acre, common Government lands. My
own senseofjusticeisalmostshocked bytheptpp-
osition that after forty years these parties 3hull
be turned off with six hundred and forty acres
of land subject to private entry at §1 25 an acre.
It seems to me that any man will see that if these
parties supposed they were getting any such relief
as that, they would have preferred to .sell their de-
fective lot, their lot of two hundred and eighty-
two acres, take their $1,600 for it, and with the
§1,600 buy twelve hundred acres, twice as much
as the Senator from Iowa will give to them now.
They could have bought twelve hundred acres of
any Government land subjcct to private entry
then. That was the dictate of common sense.
They thought they were getting a benefit. I,t
seems to me any man's sense of justice will show
him that these parties are entitled to what would
have been the value of this tract of land if it had
been judiciously located by the Government as it
undertook to do in the treaty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my honorabk friend
allow me to say that that is just precisely what
they could not do, sell the land? The grant under
the treaty never gave them the fee of the land; it
simply gave the right to live on the land to them
and their children. That is just what they couM
not do, sell the land, and they then came in and
asked Congress to give them a certificate so that
they could go and locate some land to which they
could get a title; and now, under pretense of get-
ting a certificate to locate a half section, they, in
my opinion, are attempting to commit a great
fraud on the Government of the United States;
trying to steal our military reservation, to get it
located on such land as was not atall expected to
be offered for sale, and going into the Court of
Claims and claiming this immense sum against the
Government.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask my friend if
lie is serious in putting that construction on tha
treaty.
"To the children of StephenJohnston, killed by the Pot-
tawatomie Indians, one half section of land to be located
under the dueetion of the Presidentof the United States."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have read the treaty,
which expressly declares that they shall not have
the power to sell the land.
Mr. COWAN. Do I understand the Senator
to say that that limits them to a life estate, be-
cause there are no words of inheritance in the
grant?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not say it is the life
estate of the fust hens of Stephen Johnston. It
may go to their children if they live on it, but
they cannot dispose of it. It is given to them to
live upon, them and their heirs. That is tha
effect of the treaty.
Mr. COWAN. I knew nothing about this case
before to-day; but 1 have paid considerable atten-
tion to it during the progress of the debate, and I
think that now it is the duty of Congress to vin-
dicate itself by doing justice to these people. To
my mind, the case is perfectly simple. They were
fiist given a half section of land, to be located un-
der the direction of the President of the United
States. It was improperly located. Such was the
1 opinion of Congress; so Congress decided; and
' in lieu of that, as compensation for the blunder
that had been committed in executing the first do-
nation to them, they were to have, with words of
inheritance " to them and their heirs," a certifi-
cate receivable in payment at any land office in
the United Slates, for any half section of land not
