1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GffiOBS.
37th Cong 3d Sess. '
Negro Soldiers—Mr. Rollins,
Ho. of Reps.
by high mental and moral culture, and those en-
larged and liberal, benevolent policies looking to
the elevation and amelioration of our race, and
which hitherto have been one of the distinguishing
features of the nineteenth century.
Sir, to see such results springing from such in-
fluences and causes, in the steady march of en-
lightened progress, was a spectacle attracting the
notice and awakening the regard of every humane
heart. And I confess to you, sir, that it was through
policies and agencies such as these, and that ele-
vating influence exerted upon masses of men by
a free Government, and the quickening spirit of
liberty regulated by written constitutions and
wholesome laws, that I hoped to see not only the
march of empire across the continent from ocean
to ocean, with State after State springing up, add-
ing star after star to that beautiful emblem of
American nationality, but also in the midst of this
physical and political growth was my vision illu-
mined with the hope that through the same influ-
ences, exerted by free institutions, in educating
the common mind, in expanding our commerce,
in enlarging our moral ideas, that all men at last,
without distinction of race or color, and in the
final results of a better Christian civilization,
would rise to the dignity of true manhood in the
enjoyment of universal freedom. Such, sir, was
the peaceful theory by which I hoped that the
problem of African sla vet y would be solved upon
this conbiiiswt. To have worked out such results
might have required centuries of time, but that
such would have been the final solution of this
great question I have never doubted, if the Amer-
ican people did not themselves fail in their exper-
iment of self-government.
Sir, 1 hear the most painful theories announced
in reference to the future conductof this war. It
is not unfrequently said that the southern people
are to be not only subjugated, but, if need be, ut-
terly exterminated. Sir, disunion is bad enough.
No man deprecates such an event more than the
humble individual who addresses you; no one has
more appreciated the blessings which the Union
has conferred upon the American people. But,
sir, there are some things worse even than dis-
union, in my view. Rather than see these people
annihilated, their towns and cities burned and de-
stroyed, and their brightand beautiful land, filled,
as it is, with so many memorable and patriotic
associations of the past, converted into a wilder-
ness, for one I must say, with all my heart, let
them go, let them go 1 I anticipate no such results
as these. It is simply a contest of physical power
between the Government and those who are in
arms against it. The southern people have thought
proper to make their appeal from the ballot to the
bullet. It is an issue of their own choice; and
whenever it is made apparent that the Govern-
ment is able to maintain its authority, 1 take it
for granted that the contest will terminate, and
that those who have had the rashness to test its
strength will have the good sense to return to their
allegiance, and with " all the rights, dignity, and
equality of each of the States unimpaired." It
may be that the leaders who have instigated this
atrocious rebellion ought to be compelled to4 'leave
their country for then* country's good;" but the
Government of the United States would be false
to all the teachings of its past history if it pursued
any other than a liberal and benevolent policy to-
wards the masses of the southern people who have
been reluctantly diawn into this maelstrom of
rebellion and levolution.
1 hear also, Mr. Speaker, a great deal of talk
about the reconstruction of southern society, of
infusing into the minds of the people there north-
ern ideas and sentiments, of giving them the basis
of a new population. Rest assured, sir, that these
benevolent and kind-hearted theorists who follow
such fancies, and who expect to accomplish such
results, have an immense job before them. These
results will not be seen in your day or in mine,
sir. This thing of eradicating the fixed ideas of
a great people, of upsettmgthe whole framework
of society, and impressing new modes of thought
and action, is not the work of a day. You might
as well attempt, sir, with yourpuny arm, to pluck
up by its roots the monarch oak of the forest,
whose tali crest had for centuries defied the light-
ning and the storm. 1 know, sir, that wonderful
and sudden changes may be brought about by a
great revolution, such as that through which we
are now passing, and I feel that we are not to come
out of this mighty contest withoutmarkedehanges
upon the body-politic, and, it may be, sir, in the
very form and character of our Government; but
no such radical changes in the structure of society
as seem to have entered the minds of a few dreamy
theorists will be born of this revolution. Polit-
ical changes and modifications of our organic laws,
even, may take place, but the manners, the cus-
toms, the habits of domestic life, and the solid
framework of our moral and social existence as
a great people, will remain the same.
From the beginning I have regarded this as a
war prosecuted for the preservation of the Gov-
ernment, and not intended to destroy it; a war to
maintain our nationality, and at the same time to
uphold the Constitution, and vindicate the right-
ful authority of the Government, in the execution
of all its laws, in every part of the Republic. And
whenever it ceases to be prosecuted for these high
and honorable objects; wheneveritbecomesa war
of subjugation and of conquest, or dwindles into
a miserable abolition war to free the slaves of the
South, or to gratify the cupidity of had men in
the indiscriminate plunder of the southern people,
then the sooner it is abandoned the better for the
entire country. Sir, the people are not prepared
for any such ignoble struggle as this; the Army
will shrink from such a contest; and while it is
my purpose to stand by the Government in every
vote which I shall cast to maintain its authority,
I will never conscnt to involve the country further
in debt, in voting men and supplies, when I am
convinced that the war is likely to be permanently
diverted from the true objects for which it was be-
gun and for which it ought to be waged—the pres-
ervation of the Jhnerican Union and the Federal Con-
stitution. The proclamation of the President of
the United States fortheemancipationof the slaves
oftheSouth,and the bill now underconsideration,
would seem to be different parts of the same
scheme, and intended to accomplish the same
unwarrantable objects. Sir, both will fail. The
proclamation fell still-born, and this bill of abom-
inations, if it becomes a law, will rest a dead letter
upon your statute-book. In no section of the
country are the great body of the people prepared
to cairy out measures like these, and those who
press and advocate them will finally meet with
overthrow and condemnation by the enlightened
public judgment of the entire country.
Sir, we encounter in these degenerate times an
occasional queer patriotism. Some gentlemen
seem desirous of passing this bill in order that
they may enjoy the high privilege of enliatingand
marching under the banner of a sable captain! It
was only a few days since that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] notified us that he
would " rather follow the black man than a slave-
holder as an officer; for I would expect that the one
would betray me, whatever his ability, while I am sure
the other would be loyal and trucy and fight it out."
This is precisely such a sentiment as 1 would ex-
pect to fall from him*, and I take it that the gen-
tlemanfrom NewYork, [Mr. Sedgwick^wIioisso
reluctant to discriminate between the atrocity of a
servile and civil war, is in full sympathy with him.
If these gentlemen had lived in the days of our
revolutionary struggle they might have repudiated
the leadership of Washington, of Marion, of Mor-
gan, and of Sumter, lest these slaveholding gen-
eials might have betrayed the sacred trust com-
mitted to them by their country ! If they had been
called to act during our second war for independ-
ence, they would have scorned to have followed
the lead of the Jacksons, the Shelbys, the John-
sons, of that eventful period in our country's his-
tory ! And to-day, in this terrible crisis of suffering
toourimperiled and bleeding country,they would
prefer to decorate their brows with a garland of
victory won under the leadership of some bold
and adventurous "Sambo" than m following the
successful dash of a Rousseau, a Crittenden, or a
Jackson 1 Well, sir, be it so; I have not one word
of censure to bestow upon these gentlemen for
holding such sentiments. It is mainly a matter
of taste, and about which patriots have a right to
differ. Sir, there are men all over the country
who prefer the companionship of the black to that
of the white man; and it should not create sur-
prise that here and there one should be found who
would seek to follow (he command of k negro
rather th&ri a white man, and especially if the,foo-
ter happened to be a " slaveholder." ' •
Mr. Speaker, it is seldom that a discission
place here relating to this rebellion ^at reflec-
tions are not constantly cast by radicafinen hpqri
the border States. Their loyalty is ifripugnte&(
and their fidelity to the national Governmental
some way distrasted. Sir,•'all such reflections aFte
alike gratuitous and uncalled for. If the timely
admonitions of the true men of these reviled bo£*
der States had been listened to in the beginning,"
then this rebellion Would not have disgraced our
national escutcheon. And to-day t sir, allow meto
say that for what is left of the Government of the Uni-
ted States yon are, in a great degree t indebted to the
actionof the border States. If they had united with
the rebellion the Union would have been broken and
the Government lost beyond redemption. Instead
of their green fields being made the bloody thea-
ter of war the contest might have been transferred
to the north bank of the Ohio. -Their attachment
and fidelity to the Government and to principle
have warded off from you the scourge and devas-
tation of war; and they constitute to-day the onhj
link that binds the two sections together. And, sir,
mark the prediction: if the day of reconstruction
shall ever come; if the thirty-four States of this
once blessed Union shall ever again be gathered
beneath the folds of a common flag; if peace and
unity and concord shall, in the future, bind to-
gether the discordant elements of a-people now
estranged by war, you will acknowledge, sir, and
the whole country will acknowledge, that for the^e
blessings they are indebted to the prudent action,
the noble principles, and the unbending patriot-
ism of the border States! Sir, they have pioved
their devotion to their country in every way by
which the patriotism of men may be tested. They
have promptly answered every call made upon
them to increase the size of your Army. They
have resisted rebellion in every form in which it
has presented itself from the beginning of this
controversy. There is not a battle that has been
fought, not a victory won in the entire West, iw
the dangers and glories of which they have not
shared.
Look at my own State, sir. What hardships
and perils have the Union men not undergone, and
many of them slaveholders at that? Some parts
of the State utterly ruined and desolated by the
blighting influence of this cruel and unnatural war;
men robbed of their property; driven from their
homes; subjected to all manner of insult, first by
the rebels, and afterwards, in some localities in the
western part of our State, in shame be it spoken,
by men who disgraced the uniform of the Amer-
ican soldier. Yet, sir, our Union people have
borne these things with meekness and with pa-
tience; they have not faltered in the discharge of
the duty which they owed to their country; they
have not forgotten the blessings which they en-
joyed under that good Government which traitors
North and South, in their wickedness and folly,
are attempting to destroy. They have stood by
the old flag; they have hugged closer to their hearts
the Constitution of their country, and, with a
steadiness of aim and purpose worthy of a great
and glorious cause, they mean still to stand by
that flag, that Constitution, that Union, until—
u The star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave,"
and we may once more
"Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to
dwell together in unity."
As was remarked by my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Harding,] a few days since, in his excellent
spccch delivered in this Hall, we do not intend to
be driven from one rebellion into another. Our
purpose and wish is to preserve the Government
and the Union, and we mean to act with those,
and with those only, who have in view the same
high and noble and honorable aim; ay, air, " the
Constitution ai> it is, and the Union as it was."
This is a motto fit to be inscribed upon every ban-
ner, and worthy the admiration of every true and
loyal heart; and those who war against it place
themselves in the same category with Davis and
his misguided followers, and deserve the condem-
nation of all patriotic men. I speak it in all can-
dor, sir, when I say that neither as a Represent-
ative on this floor, nor in my character as a citizen
