106
APPENDIX TO THE OONG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February Y,
37th Coxs....3d Sess.
Ship Canals-—Sir. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
of the Republic, have 1 ftiade any factious oppo-
sition to any of tiie measures of this Administra-
tion. On the contrary, I have given to it an hon-
est support in all those measures relating to the
-war wbii^in my view were calculated to strength-
en the arm of the Government in crushing this re-
bellion. I have given no vote here as a party man,
and I have given but one vote, since I have had
the honor to occupy a seat here, that I would
change, find that is the vote cast by me a few days
-since in favor of a bill offered by my colleague,
[Mr. Noetx,] appropriating money to aid in the
emancipation of slaves in Missouri. That vote
-was an error; I admit it; and if in my power I
would recall it. Not that I am opposed, situated
as Missouri is, to a fair and equitable plan of grad-
ual emancipation, but because the sum named in
that bill was wholly inadequate for the purpose
intended. Prevented from amendment by the op-
eration of the previous question, I never believed
it would become a law, or, if it did, that the Legis-
lature of Missouri would ever adopt a plan of
emancipation based upon its provisions. At an-
other time, I shall have more to say upon this
subject. I have neither sympathized with nor en-
couraged any efforts to arouse opposition to the
Administration with a view to mere party suc-
cess. Sir, I value my country far higher than
party, and I care not what party succeeds, or who
is made President, if this nation can be restored to
peace, its unity preserved, and our hitherto free
institutionssavedfrom annihilation and ruin. He
may come from Maine or from Georgia, from the
"Pacific or the Atlantic side—I care not fov his po-
litical antecedents—if he will only take the Con-
stitution of the United States for his guide,-if he
will bring back to us that union and harmony
which, in folly and madness, have been sacri-
ficed, for one, I would swear to yield to him a
steady and unflinching support.
Sir, in regard to these great questions I have
long since made up my mind. I am for the Con-
stitution and the Union as our fathers made them.
They arc good enough for me and for my chil-
dren. I want no change. 1 cannot improve upon
them; nor do I know tiie men who are wise enough
to bolter them. AH that I have, all that I am, all
that I expect to be, I stake upon the preservation
of these. In the language of the elder Adams, of
revolutionary memory, "sink or swim, live or
die, survive or perish," 1 am for exhausting the
Inst resource of the nation in order to preserve the
nation's life. Sir, I do not. believe that if we are
true to ourselves this Government will yet he
permitted to die; it has but just entered upon its
glorious mission, the redemption and elevation of
man kind, and their rescue from the heavy burdens
of despotism which hang upon them under the
oppK'SNive Governments of the Old World. Al-
though nt piesent we have little to cheer us, and
the future looks dark and unpromising, I yet truest
that a way for our deliverance will be opened up,
and that the sunlight of hope and of joy will ere
3on«r dissipate the dark cloud that hangs like a fu-
neral pall around the dome of this Capitol. Sir,
the loss of (his Government, of our national unity,
would be the heaviest blow that was ever struck
against the cause of civilization and of human
liberty, and we of this generation would be justly
cursed in ail the sue,ceding ages of time as the
most degenerate and faithless among the children
of men. Uefoic this shall be permitted letus blot
out our history, (ear down this Capitol, raze to
its foundation-stone yonder monument, destroy
every woik of art illustrative of the genius and
taste of our people that adorns this city, and dis-
own forever that we are the countrymen of Wash-
ington! Sit, what ought we not to do to prevent
a catastrophe like this 5 What sacrifices ought we
not to endute? What compiomise ought we not
to make? What opinion or idea ought we not to
yield in order to preserve such a heritage?
But, sir, if, in the providence of God, our people
are thus to be dishonored; if, as a nation, we are to
parish, and by our own suicidal act; if the Amer-
ican Union, hallowed by so many tender and glo-
rious associations—the theme of the grandest elo-
quence, the inspiration of poetry and of song—is
now to bedissolved,and the pall of death is io be
spread over the great Republic, and the cause of
civilization, of Christianity, of human liberty, is
to receive this terrible shock, then I have only to
add that the great State which I have the honorin
part to represent on this floor, and whose people
have clungwith such fidelity to the national Gov-
ernment, will go where her interests may direct.
Bound inseparably by her geographical position
with her sister States of the great Northwest,
theirs will be a common destiny; and, in any re-
construction of the " broken and dishonored frag-
ments of a once glorious Union," may God in his
infinite mcrcy deliver us from any future alliance
with people and with States whose fanaticism
provoked and whose madness and folly initiated
secession, rebellion, and treason".
SHIP CANALS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. KELLOGG,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1863,
On the bill to construct a ship canal for the passage of armed
and naval vessels fiom the Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan, &c.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Speaker: While this great national work is,
to the region of country where i reside,and which
I have the honor to represent upon this floor, of
vast importance, I cannot doubt that it is at the
same time of equal or nearly equal importance to
every other portion of this Republic. It is, in my
judgment, of great national concern and of na-
tional importance.
So early in the history of this Government as
1787, the question of a public high way that should
unite the waters leading to the Gulf of St.. Law-
rence and the waters that flow into the Gulf of
Mexico occupied the serious consideration of our
statesmen. Before that vast country was inhabited
by white men, or at most but by a few adventurous
pioneers and hunters, when it was occupied by red
men of the forest and plain, before efforts had been
made to develop its resources and to ascertain its
wants and capabilities, long before the State of
Illinois was known at all, the statesmen of A merica
saw how important and absolutely essential it was
to have a national highway connecting the great
lakes and the waters of the Mississippi river.
And to accomplish and secure this object, in the
ordinance of 1787, establishing a territorial gov-
ernment over all the territory of the Confederacy
lying north and west of the Ohio river, it was or-
dained and declared that the waters running into
the lakes, and those running into the Mississippi
river, and the carryingplace between them, should
be forever a public highway for the use of the peo-
ple of all the States and Territories; and in nearly
all the legislation of Congress for many years
thereafter, touching in any wise the jurisdiction of
those waters, the same provision was continued
and enacted.
At a later period, when the country was being
settled and improved, when commerce and trade
had grown up, the Government aided in the con-
struction of thepresentcanal, which hasmaterially
added to the wealth and prosperity of the West
and to the commerce of the country, and which
forms an important link in the great system of
navigable and railway highways, that has here-
tofore so much united our interests, and will here-
after strongly tend to unite us in one common des-
tiny. In the onward march of progress, it is seen
that to fully unite the commerce of the rivers and
the commerce of the lakes it is necessary to en-
large that canal, and to make it a canal of the di-
mensions that are now proposed. 1 make this
statement to show that this is not a new measure;
that it is not a project started merely to benefit the
particular locality through which itpasses. I was
surprised, nay, mortified, to see gentlemen of ac-
knowledged ability take so narrow and sectional
a view of this subject as was manifested by the
opponents of this bill in the debate on yesterday; |
certainly too narrow a view of the subject for
statesmen to take. Some gentlemen seem to look
upon this measure favorably or unfavorably,just
as it does or does not benefit their own particular
localities. This, I submit, is not a fair test of the
merits of the bill, or a liberal mode of argument.
Sir, while it benefits the locality in which I re-
side, yet I would not vote for this measure were
it not broader in its benefits than the State of Illi-
nois. The gentleman from Indiana founded his
argument upon the ground that it does not as di-
rectly benefit the States ofOhio, Indiana, and Penn-
sylvania as it does some other States. It is to
be rejected because it does not benefit so directly
those three States.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yield to me to ask him two or three ques-
tions.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I yield to my
friend for that purpose.
Mr. PORTER. I ask whether the Illinois river
that it is proposed to improve is not wholly within
the limits of the State of Illinois? Is not the Illi-
nois and Michigan canal wholly within the lim-
its of the State of Illinois? Do not the bonds of
the State of Illinois to-day sell for more in the
market than those of the General Government?
Is there a State in the Union that has received
more munificent donations from the General Gov-
ernment ? In the construction of that gigantic rail-
road extending from Cairo to Chicago tiie General
Government has bestowed an amount of land never
bestowed upon any other public improvement;
and it comes with bad grace from the State of Illi-
nois to demand this expenditure from the General
Government, when her bonds sell higher than
those of the Government, and the Government is
engaged in an almost desperate struggle to raise
sufficient means to prosecute the war. Nor is it
very graceful in the gentleman from Illinois to
charge that.the Representatives ofOhio, Indiana,
and Pennsylvania oppose this measure because it
does not locally benefit those States.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will answer my
friend. He need not have taken the time of the
House in regard to what he has just now stated.
It was not necessary to inform the House about the
geography and topography of that river and canal.
He wants to know whether the Illinois tiveris not
in the State oflllinois, and whether the Illinois and
Michigan canal is not in the same State. I say to
my friend, so that he will not be mistaken, that
they most certainly are. So much for the ques-
tion of geography.
The gentleman alleges, in vindication of his op-
position to this bill, that the State of Illinois has
received a most munificent grant of land for rail-
road purposes. Sir, I admit that the General Gov-
ernment made a most liberal and munificent grant
of land for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of the IllinoisCentral railroad. It was a most
liberal grant to theStateioflllinois;and more, itwas
in its effects and results a most princely grant to
the Republic itself.
Itshould be remembered that by this grant of land
the Government has not been the loser one dollar;
for while every alternate section for several miles
(six, 1 think,) on each side of the line of the road
was donated, yet all remaining within that limit
was raised to just double the former price; and
from all or nearly all of which the Government
has realized this increased price. And it should
bo borne in mind, also, that the people oflllinois
have not only paid this increased pricc for Govern-
ment lands, but have paid for the land granted to
construct the railroad mentioned an average of over
twelve dollars per acre; so the gentleman will see
that in what he so exultingly calls' a munificent
donation to Illinois there was and has been ample
consideration and compensation both to the Gov-
ernment and to the State of Illinois. But, sit, 1 say
to thegentleman and the House that the construc-
tion of that road has induced a settlement in that
before unsettled portion of our State of hardy,
loyal, and patriotic people, that have given tens
of thousands of their sons to the service of their
country, and thousands as a sacrifice upen her
altar, whose blood was freely spilled in defense
of the Constitution and flag of their country. Re-
proach not Illinois for want of compensation or
devotion to the Government.
Thegentleman asked me so many questions that
I cannot recall them all. When interrupted I was
stating that members from Ohio, Pennsylvania,
and Indiana seemed to be opposing this measure
because it did not especially and locally benefit
them. It is said that Illinois has heretofoie been
benefited by the action of the Government, and
therefore it is urged that this improvement should
not be made; and it is charged that it is a local
