1863,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37tii Cong....3d
Ship Canals—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
measure because it may benefit Illinoismore than
it does some other States, or becausc it is not local
in its benefits to them. Now, sir, I was surprised
to hear gentlemen make that argument. I am
now satisfied that I struck the keynote of the op-
position when I said that members are opposing
this measure because it is not locally beneficial to
them. Mr. Speaker, if this bill is truly only local
and sectional in its character and benefits, and not
general and national, I do not ask that it pass, but
frankly say to the House it should not pass, if
it be not a national work, vote it down.
I do not complain that Illinois has not had her
advantages in the Government. She is now, and
I trust in God she will ever be, a part, a joint part
of this Government, and for that reason she is en-
titled to her due portion of its benefits. 1 lmve
voted for donations of land, and measures that
benefited almost every State in thisUnion,andfor
the very good reason that each forms a part of
this great family of States.
Tell me,sir, that because Illinois has been bene-
fited by grants of land, therefore this great work,
because it improves her rivers and crosses her
prairies, shall not receive the approbation of Con-
gress, and you will have adopted a narrow and
sordid governmental policy. Sir, it is a great
national work, and because of that I am in favor
of it.
A discussion kindred to this sprung up yester-
day, and I thank my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] for speaking in tones, in language,
and in power fitting a Representative of that State
where stands, high towering towards the heavens,
the monument of Bunker Hill. He declared that
they held their place in this nation on no tenure
but the tenure of being a part of the heart and soul
of the Confederacy; no limb standing off by it-
self, but that portion which reaches and grapples
around the very heart of the Republic.
Illinois, sir, stands in the same relation to the
Government of the United States; and I believe
she has not a son that upon this floor would or dare
declare that there was any contingency of legis-
lation here in relation to the improvement of the
country that would affect in the slightest degree
his or our loyalty to the Union.
Here let me say, that whether you pass this bill
or not; whether you say that Illinois has had her
portion of benefits in the Union or not; no heart, no
hand shall falter in this great struggle for national
existence. She has an interest in the waters of
the Gulf; she has an interest in the Mississippi;
she has an interest in the great chain of lakes over
which she floats'her commerce toward the Atlan-
tic ocean. We will not separate from the Union,
and you shall not separate it from us. Why, sir,
have we 110 interest in Kentucky? Have we no
interest in Missouri? Have wo no interest in Ten-
nessee ? Sir, within the bosota of those States rest
to-day and are hid away the brightest jewels of
our State; and the grass is growing in the States
of Kentucky and Tennessee and Missouri and
Arkansas and Virginia and North Carolina, and
everywhere where this infernal rebellion rages,
over the graves of the best and the brightest of our
sons; and while the light of heaven shines upon
their graves, we will never consent that this Union
shall be severed, or a star or stripe of the old flag
under which they so bravely fought and nobly fell
shall be dimmed or obliterated.
Now, sir, I was proud the other day to hear,
in tones of Roman grandeur, the old patriot from
Kentucky [Mr. Grider] declare that-while the war
ravaged his country, and guerrillas were crossing
their border every day, and desolation was spread-
ing over the land, that not a hand faltered, and
not one heart but was true to the country. I
thanked him then, and I thank him now. Sir,
let us be done talking about the possibility of a
dissolution of the Union. We have all a right to
the East, we have a right to the South, the North,
and the West, with their dark and fearful present,
and the clustering memories of the past, and we
will part with neither. Before that shall happen
we will invoke war's direst desolation, deep, daik,
and dreadful, from the Gulf to the lakes, and from
the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. We will have
one Union and one country, held together by a
bond which never can be broken; a bond reconse-
crated and baptized in the blood of a loyal and
patriotic people.
Now, sir, I was surprised, yesterday, at the
course and tone of the argument. It was said, if
not expressly, yet impliedly, that in this measure
the southern portion of the three States named
were not to be benefited. I was surprised, and
more than surprised, that such an idea should be
entertained. Certainly that region of the country,
in common with all other portions of our common
country, will be benefited by the proposed national
work; but its very statement indicates that because
of its locality this national work is to be opposed.
I assume, sir, that this measure is designed to, and
will, if carried out, connect and commingle the
commerce of the great sections of the country. I
desire to call attention to that class of commerce
and its magnitude.
In this connection I desire to read an extract
from the very able and comprehensive report of
Colonel J. D.Webster,on the subject now before
the House:
" The Mississippi system of navigable waters Is variously
estimated at from ten to twenty thousand miles. Its nu-
merous ramifications penetrate a countiy of unrivaled fer-
tility, and in many parts abounding in the useful metals.
On the lakes we have a coast of tlnee thousand five hun-
dred miles. Their commerce is estimated at the value of
$400,000,000, ' in articles of prune necessity to the inhab-
itants of the eastern States, and to our foreign commeice.'
That of the Mississippi, in peaceful times, is supposed to
equal this. It is the union of these two mighty systems
that we contemplate in the proposed improvement.
"For this puipose no othei route exists, comparable to
the line now proposed, in the economy of cost of the .im-
provement, or in geneial utility. It is one of nature's high-
ways—one of the lines which she marks out tor the guid-
ance of the great emigrant movements of the race, and by
which topography foretells the match of empire. The abo-
riginal savage traveled it by instinct, and now educated in-
telligence can find no better place for completing and uni-
ting lines of navel and traffic embracing half a continent."
Sir, by fliis improvement you unite the com-
merce of the lakes, the gulf, the ocean, the rivers;
you unite through the center of our extended coun-
try a course of commerce which, when united,
will swell to the amount of $800,000,000 per an-
num. That line of commerce cannot, will not
flow directly by the door of every Representative;
but, sir, it does and it will flow through the cen-
ter and through the heart of this Republic. It
will touch the border of Kentucky and of Missouri
and of Tennessee and of Mississippi and Louisi-
ana, and in its influence and direct benefits extend
to all the States upon the Mississippi river and its
tributaries; it will flow by all the States bordering
upon the lakes of the North, and in the northern
part of the Confederacy, reach to the heart of New
England, and the great commercial metropolis of
the nation, New York.
It is thought it carries the tide of commerce too
far north, and becausc of that is the strenuous
opposition of some portion of your own State,
[Mr. Pkndt.f.tom in the chair,] and of some por-
tions of other States I have mentioned. I ask you,
sir, is that in the line of a statesman's argument,
that because this work does not run most directly
by your door it should be ignored and rejected ?
Why, sir, I have in the Morning Chronicle of
yesterday a key somewhat to the opposition of
my friends from Pennsylvania, and I will read it,
that we may not bo left altogether in the dark as
to the reason why some gentlemen feel it for their
interest, and therefore their duty, to draw and
force by their doors the stream of commerce, at
the ruinous expense of those who by their indus-
try and efforts produced that which makes the
commerce of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make it the point of order
that the gentleman cannot icad a newspaper here
as indicating the reasons why members from Penn-
sylvania are going against a cei tain measure. The
Morning Chronicle is no organ of Pennsylvania
at all.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is a matter
I do not propose to discuss, but !• presume the
figures in the Morning Chronicle may have sig-
nificance in this case, as showing the reason of the
opposition of certain portions of that State to this
measure.
Mr. JOHNSON. If they are true.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. "Pennsylvania
Railroad Company" it is headed:
"The earnings of this company for the pact year font up
$10,300,000. From tin* deduct forty per cent, for running
expenses and the interest on bonds, &.o.,and we have a net
sutplus of over five million dollais, earned on a capital of
$13,000,000. This exceeds anything jet recorded in the
annals of railways."
When the Mississippi rivet is blocked upo-sd
its navigation prevented; when the freights upon
the highways leading North and stretching- from
the North to the East are chocked and filled with
commerce, so that the rate of transit i^ncreased
until it takes all the value of the products of the
West in the hands of the producers to-reach the
ultimate market, can any man fail to see that- there
is a necessity, a stern necessity, for improving
and opening up this great channel of commerce,
and that statesmen should not force the-products
of the West through channels where the tariff of
freights proves destructive of the producing inter-
est. I ask you, sir, as a member from the noble State
ofOhiojifyouare willing, and if western gentlemen
are willing, to force the products ofthe great West
through this channel, simply because it will make
money to the monopolies that exist in that region
of our country? I mention this because I think
I see in it some of the reasons for the spirited,
technical, and persistent opposition to this meas-
ure.
Mr. PORTER sought the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My friend will
pardon me. I decline to yield.
Mr. PORTER. I thought the gentleman was
through. He is prolific in perorations. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And the gentle-
man is hardly so prolific in courtesy to-day as
commonly.
Mr. PORTER. I protest against the gentleman
suspecting me for any want of courtesy. Our re-
lations are too pleasant and intimate to allow me
to treat him otherwise than with the utmost kind-
ness.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is true, and
I trust it will never be otherwise.
Now, sir, in this connection, I want to say one
word in relation to legislation aiding and benefit-
ing the different portions of our.country. Since
I have been in Congress I have voted continually
to impose tariff duties that, while they produced
the required revenue, benefitdirectly theNew Eng-
land States and the State of Pennsylvania. Sir, I
knew that it was an indirect tax upon my con-
stituents, but I knew that New England was a
part of my country, and that their prosperity was
our prosperity. 1 knew that she was part of the
great family of States through whose veins as pure
and patrioticblood throbbed as any on earth. They
have responded nobly. They come up almost to
a man and say to the West, " we will aid you m
securing the facilities to reach the East, the ulti-
mate market for your productions." Why? Not
because it is the West; not because it is Illinois;
but because it is a part of the nation. That is the
reason, sir.
We have continually voted a tariff upon iron
that has been an immense benefit to Pennsylva-
nia, that you know and I know was a tax upon
our people, and all the theories in the world will
not divest it of the fact that it is a tax upon our
people and a tribute to Pennsylvania; and yet we
voted for it. Pennsylvania was a part of the coun-
try, and when she prospered we prospered. Our
interests are so intermixed, so connected, so in-
divisible that no man should attempt to distinguish
between them. What, sir, is the response to this
policy ? How now stands she ? By the side oi old
New England? Why, sir, when it is proposed to
enlarge the Illinois canal, so that th(f commerce of
the whole West may float through it and reach
the East,bringingback the iron and manufactured
articles of the East, we are met with the proposi-
tion that defeat shall follow the measure, because,
forsooth, it may benefit New England and New
York and the Northwest more, perhaps, than
Pennsylvania. I voted the other day to lay down
a telegraphic cable all along the shores of our east-
ern border. I did not stop to inquire whether
it touched Illinois. I did not care whether it
touched Illinois. It was beneficial to my country,
and I voted for it; and during the short remaining
time that I may have a seat upon this floor, so
help me God ! no considerations of a sectional or
State character shall prevent me from voting for
what I believe to be for the best interests of the
whole country.
The next assault made upon this bill by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] was made
upon the estimates for the work. It is charged
