110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
3Tth Cong....3d Sbss.
Ship Canals—Mr. Segar.
Ho. of Reps.
part of our national strength. So that the meas-
ure contained in this bill is one not only of protec-
tion to "a national commerce, but is the guarantee
of a national production. And the cost of such an
enterprise, I say with all deference, is, compared
with the-magnificent results that hang around it,
a mere lusterless bauble and insignificant trifle.
Why, sir,the mere fact that the proposed enlarge-
ment will enable steamers from all points on the
Mississippi and its navigable tributaries to deliver
their cargoes on board the lake vessels, and the
latter to'enter the Mississippi without breaking
bulk, is a matter of immense account in the navi-
gation and commerce of the whole Mississippi
valley.
Trivial and unmeaning as this fact may seem
to the common mind, it is nevertheless one of
great significance in more aspects than one. The
breaking of bulk is always, in practical commerce,
an expensive and a profit-destroying operation.
Trade always abhors it; to avoid it, will encounter
greatly increased distance and time of transit. It
is always a check and incubus upon commerce,
and wherever it is removed trade begins to ramify
and expand. And in this case, if it be avoided,
a reciprocal commerce between the lower Missis-
sippi and the lakes and the eastern Atlantic cities,
never known before, will atonce spring up through
the internal lines, because, with the increased
cheapness and speed of transit acquired by avoid-
ing the breaking of bulk, and by the augmented
capacity of those lines, it will be as cheap to send
the products of the country up the Mississippi and
through the internal lines to New York and the
more easterly cities as by the route down the river
and around the Atlantic coast. By the internal
route, too, the loss by soilage in the New Orleans
market is avoided, which will leave the internal
line the advantage—and a decided one—over the
down-river and ocean route. Another point of
significance is, that the new reciprocal trade thus
generated between the more southern localities
and the northern and eastern will have the genial
effect of assimilating and harmonizing the inter-
ests of both, and cementing kindly relations to
each other and to the Union. For example, the
cotton and sugar of the Southwest, under the im-
proved intercommunication, would seek the east-
ern cities of the sca-board by the inland transit
instead of that round by the ocean. Just com-
mence this sending of the cotton and sugar of the
►Southwest to the northern and eastern cities by the
inland route, and you at once commence uniting,
by tiie strong ties of lcciprocal interest, the sugar
and cotton-producing regions and the communi-
ties north and east of them that will be purchasers
of the augar and cotton, perhaps at better prices
than in the New Orleans market.
liuf the gentleman from Indiana attempts sum-
maty disposition of the whole subject, by an in-
genious argument of non-necessity. 1 [e says the
people of the West are satisfied with the channel
which the Almighty has provided for them, the
Mississippi; that it is better than any of our canals;
that no artificial channel of man's creation can
compete with that which the Almighty has cre-
ated in tiic Mississippi valley; and that we can no
more check the tendency of the agricultural prod-
ucts of the West to go down stream to the Gulf
of Mexico than we can turn back the current of
the groat Father of Waters. If this argument were
sound, there would be, so far as commerce and its
movement are concerned, at once an end of the
question. But it is not sound in any particular.
The people of the West are not satisfied with the
rhanncl of trade created for them by the Almighty.
Else why have they constructed numerous rail-
ways across their country at right angles with the
Mississippi, and leading in a direct line to Haiti-
more, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston ? Is
not the building of these cross lines conclusive
evidence that the western people are not satisfied
with the Mississippi as an outlet to market?
Would they spend their millions in these cioss
railroads if the Mississippi were all they want?
Nor is it accurate to say that the Mississippi,
a? an avenue for transmission, stands above com-
petition. These many cross railways have com-
peted with it, and so successfully as to have at-
tiuctcd to themselves almost the lion's share of
the trade that once went down the Mississippi to
the Gulf. And still less foundation is there for the
idea that it is impossible to curb the down-stream
tendency of western products. The thing has been
done already. TheMississippi has already yielded
up a large portion of the freights which its bosom
once monopolized. A revolution has been going
on in that regard for more than twenty years, and
in no case was the maxim thatu revolutions never
go backwards" so true as in this.
Mr. Speaker, while I was a member of the Le-
gislature of Virginia many years ago,itfell to my
lot to be the advocate of a line of railway from
the head-waters of the James river at Richmond
to the Ohio river. I argued that this line of rail-
way through the heart of Virginia (and still more
so a canal) would inevitably attract to the Vir-
ginia line of transit, and to the Virginia sea-board
cities, a liberal share .of the down trade of the
Mississippi. I was met, sir, by this identical ar-
gument of the gentleman from Indiana, that the
thing was hopeless, because downstream the west-
ern products would go, and that no human power
could prevent it. I met the argument then, and
by way of answering it now again, I beg leave to
reproduce what I then said:
" Sir, we all know that a most remarkable revolution is
going on in the trade of the great Mississippi valley. In
times past the whole of it went down stream to New Or-
leans, for the best of all reasons, that it had nowhere else
to go. New Orleans was then the sole depot of that enor-
mous trade. But the magic-working railway was inuo-
diiced, and line after line of artificial transit has been built
across the country from the western interior to the Atlantic
cities, being to those cities whatthe Mississippi was to New
Orleans, so many channels of transit and conductors of trade
to them. The result has been that moi e than one third—
one lmlf, says De Bow—of the trade that once passed down
to New Orleans ($250,000,000 in value) now passes by the
artificial lines to the northern cities, the cities of Virginia
not realizing a ton of it, (though nearer to it,) except by the
round-about course of the noithern cities, and by thor-
oughfaies not her own.
" Anorhei reason is the great unhealtliincss of New Or-
leans. Nor is it difficult to account for this change. Al-
most eveiy article of western production sutlers material
damage from the climate of New Orleans. Bacon is often
a total lost:, tobacco never less than ten per cent. Butter,
lard, beef, corn, pork, flour, even cotton, and almost every
article are soiled, eithci by the damp, hot climate, or by
other caur.cs. For this reason alone produce very natuially
eschews the New Orleans market.
" Next come the dangers of the western navigation and
of the Florida coast, all of which are avoided by the artifi-
cial transit. The value of this consideration is estimated
from the following statistics of casualties on the western
rivers: In January last, eighteen steamers were totally lost,
and twelve more or less injured; destruction of property,
$1,000,000; lives lost, nineteen. In February, twelve
steamers were lost; destruction of property, $1,000,000 ;
lives lost, eighty. In March, twelve steamers weic lost,
and one hundred human beings found a watery grave. And
in the first six months of the year the total loss was seventy
steamers sunk or destroyed by fire, and more than one hun-
dred and fifty barges and eoal boats, valued at $2,000,000,
and two hutidtcd arid fifty persons drowned or killed by
other casually.
" Then we iiave the high charges on produce sent for-
ward from New Oilcans. These are, river insurance, one
and three fourths per cent., fire insurance, one fourth per
cent., weighing, double drayage, storage, and pilotage,
which, will) the loss by soilage, make a shipment by way
of New Oilcans ko costly as todiive a laige portion of the
trade across by railroad and canal to the cities of the sea-
boatd.
" Again, the price of most of the western staples is bet-
ter in the Atlantic cities than it is in New Orleans, which
luither induces the artificial transmission.
" And, lastly, New Orleans is too remote from both the
foreign and domestic markets to be a favoate point for
shipment. A ton of produce arrived at an Atlantic city,
Noilolk, for example, is from two thousand live hundred to
three thousand miles neaicr the Emopean markets than it
would be at New Orleans.
" These are some of the causes that have wrought this
extiaoidiuary change in the current of the western trade.
Tint whatevei may be the reason, theie is the fact star-
ing us in the face, undisputed and indisputable, that nearly
one half of the commerce that once swept down to New
Orleans i* now transmitted by the inland artificial routes
to the Atlantic j-ea-boaid *'
Then the great West is not satisfied with the
natural channel of the Mississippi; docs use ex-
tensively and advantageously other channels of
transport; and therefore the argument that the
proposed canal enlargement is a matter of super-
erogation, falls to the ground.
The argument ofthe gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vallandiuham,] that the passage of this bill will
greatly damage the interestsof eight of the west-
ern and middle States, including my own, 3 must
say, in all deference, I do not comprehend. He
instances Pennsylvania* and Ohio; but how are
they to be damaged? I find the statement made
in Mr. Ruggles's memorial, that of the four hun-
dred and ninety-four thousand and fifty-seven tons
of mineral coal transported in the year 1861 on
the Erie canal and its branches, every ton came
from the coal fields of Pennsylvania and Ohio.
Now, by the proposed canal enlargement, increas-
ing, as it does, the capacity for freights, and re-
ducing the cost of transportation, the great coal
interest of Pennsylvania and Ohio will be mate-
rially benefited and advanced. The quantity sent
forward will be much larger, because the facilities
of transportation will be greater, and the cost of
carriage less. And so of all the products taking
a northern direction. As for that portion of the
trade going down stream to the Ohio, and thence
down the Ohio to the Mississippi, every ton of it
isbenefited in this, that when it reaches the mouth
of the Ohio it will have the choice of two routes,
that down stream to New Orleans, or that up
stream through the enlarged and cheapened me-
dium to the lakes, and thence to the eastern mar-
kets. I will illustrate by an example. Western
Virginia sends much of her products down the
Ohio. Now, suppose a ton of these products to
have reached the mouth'of the Ohio. Arrived
there, it has, as the case now stands, no option
of going by internal lines to the northern mar-
kets, because of the defective and uncertain nav-
igation of the Illinois river and the Illinois canal,
and the consequent necessity of breaking bulk at
the lakes. So it is bound to go down the Missis-
sippi, there to encounter the soilage and high transit
charges of that market, and the perils of the ocean
coast. So the proposed river improvement and
canal enlargement give to this ton of produce the
choiccof two transits and two markets. Which it
will choose will depend mainlyon the comparative
cheapness and safety and speed of the competing
transits. My own opinion is, the up-stream route
and the northern market would, to a great extent,
have the preference. And what is true of this ton
of Virginia produce is equally true of all the trade
that starts on a down-stream course. Kentucky
and Tennessee would prefer the new route—the
new Mississippi, as it has been aptly styled—for
their tobacco, because it would then avoid the
soilage of the New Orleans climate of ten per
cent.; and the cotton States of the Southwest
would prefer it for their cotton, because it would
escape the mud and filth of New Orleans levees,
the double drayage, and other exorbitant transit
charges, and the risks of the coastwise shipment;
and because it would find a better market at New
York and Boston than at New Orleans, besides
its being, when in those cities, more than twenty-
five hundred miles nearer the foreign market.
There is but one interest of the States named by
the gentleman from Ohio that can be injuriously
affected by this scheme,and that is their railroads.
But even this is secure from hurt. When the pro-
ductive capacities of the great West shall have
been stimulated and expanded to the utmost point
of development; when the now vacant lands num-
bering hundreds of millions of acres shall have
come My thin the sway of the sturdy husbandmen
of the West and Northwest, whose numbers are
increasing at almost fabulous rate, there will bo
tradeand travel enough togorgeevery line of trans-
port, natural and artificial, and to fill to repletion
every artery of circulation, great and small. There
will be enough for all and to spare. 1 religiously
believe, Mr. Speaker, that the effect of this meas-
ure will be to augment the business of every rail-
roa'd north of the Ohio; and that in ten years from
the date of its success, new lines will be demanded.
Some gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, would detract
fiom the value and nationality of this enterprise
by denominatingita " bigditch in Illinois." This
seems to me a contracted view of the subject. Its
being "in Illinois" by no means constitutes it
local. The great Erie canal, the eighth wonder of
the world, lies wholly within the territory ofthe
State of New York, and yet, by universal confes-
sion, it stands for far-reaching nationality without
a rival in this or any other land. Sir, the pro-
posed improvement should be regarded as a link
in a grand chain, a part of a great system of in-
ternal navigation, extending from the head-waters
; of the Missouri and the Mississippi through to the
city of New York, and uniting the whole of the
Mississippi valley with the Atlantic. In this view,
it gives completeness to the most magnificent sys-
tem of internal water-line communication upon the
earth, and therefore takes to itself the merit of an
especial nationality.
