1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
37th: Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canals—Mr. Segar.
Ho. ojf Ebps.
There is yet another national bearing of this
scheme that commends it to my support. It, and
all others like it, tend inevitably to add strength to
the foundations of the Union. It has been said
more than once in this debate that it is not ma-
terial bonds that we want to knit the various sec-
t-ions of the country together, but those of " jus-
tice, liberality, and right." I differ from this rea-
soning. There are, in my judgment, stronger ties
by far than those even of justice and light. The
Admission may not be very complimentary to hu-
man nature, but it is the fact nevertheless. Neither
individuals nor States always practice justice or
do right. But there is a principle stronger than
justice or right—a bond more binding and potent
—and that is the bond of interest. Whatever it is
the interest of individuals or States to do, they
are prone to do. Attach individuals or States or
communities by the tie of interest, and you bind
them together by a ligament that will hold when
"justice, liberality, and right" would be unavail-
ing. Set the Union of these States, the harmony
and good will of all sections, on the basis of a
common interest, and you set them on the firmest
foundation known to human institutions.
Mr. Speaker, in times long past it was my task,
as i have already indicated, to have advocated a
general system of internal improvements for my
State; and among the arguments I advanced in its
favor, there was none that I urged witli more sat-
isfaction than that it would tend to make stronger
and closer the bonds of the Union. And if the
House will allow me, I will recur to the senti-
ments then expressed. To me I must confess,
Mr. Speaker, it is not an unpleasant reminiscence;
for it will be seen that more than a quarter of a
century ago I was, as, thank God, i still am, a
devoted lover of the Union of these States.
On the 12th of February, 1838, from my seat
in the hall of the House of Delegates of Virginia,
I spoke as follows:
now call the attention of the House to the political
beaung of a liberal system ot internal intercommunica-
tion in consolidating the power ol" the State and strength-
ening the bonds of the Union. Evciy line ol connection
betwoi n the gicat sections of our country is an additional
tie to hind together this* glorious Confederacy of States. In
proportion as communities art* united by facilities ot inter-
communication, their moral and political affinities are as-
similated and uniformity of interest pioduced. Commeiee,
indeed, is the great connecting link ot political communi-
ties, being to them what consanguinity is to the various
members of a single family. I recollect very well that the
girat statesmen who projected the New Yoik canals,
enforced, among other recommendations, the tendency it
would have to strengthen tbe Union. On this patriotic
ground they pleaded for the Erie canal. And may! not with
peculiut propriety, at this time, addiess this consideration
to the membeis of this Lcgislatinc? You know, Mi.
Speaker, and the membeis ot this House know it—and it
is a melancholy reality to which we ought not to close our
<>yes—that there is not tho same veneration for the Union
that once there was. The dissolution of it has become an
oidinaiy topic of conversion, if not of discussion, until
we have come to think and speak of it irreverently. Sir,
we talk frequently of dashing into fragments this ptoudext
structure ol human wisdom, as though it had cost our fathers
nothing to erect it. We seem, in our degeneracy and inyiat-
itude, to forget that its eo^t wa«. the patriot's Wood freely
shed, and Ins blood freely expended. Jt there be one idea
more prevalent than another in this country, it is that this
gloiiouh Union is destined ere long to destruction.
"In this state ol public feeling, it becomes our solemn
duty to piovide all the safeguards we can against a catas-
trophe so revolting to every patriot. Our own reputation
demands it. Gratitude toour noble ancestors, who, through
blood and toil, tiansuutted to us this b) ight and all-«Ionous
inhei itance, demands it. Philanthropy demands it. Human
hbet ty demands it at our hands. Patriotism, mi , is too fiail
a dependence lor the preservation ot thi^ caered Union.
Circumstances often control it. Personal advantage may
modify it. Ambition, avance, passion, a thousand circum-
stance?, aft'eet it. Sir, if you would place the union of the
American States upon a basis which nothing can shake,
be interest that basis. That is the foundation which can
never lail you. IVIuiual dependence, leciprocity ot ex-
change, fitqueiit communication—these ate tbe pillars
that must ?u*>t.un the grand temple of American freedom.
Jf, then, we would prove ouiselves worthy of our vntuou->
and noble ancestor.-—if we would hand down to our pos-
terity that nch, proud, inestimable, incalculable inhent-
ance, which came to in bright and pine tiom the hmuN of
our patriot fathers—if we would bo a lree, united; and
happy people, lot u> cherish tbe policy nfinteiualimprove-
ment—unite the East and the West—make our sisten of
the West, South, and Southwest, our neighbors—ally them
to u.-> by continuity «tnd lecipiocnl interchange, commercial,
tocial.'and political, and we place this precious Union on
the rock of ages."
Such was one of the pleas it was my lot to have
put in for the Virginia, system ofintei nal improve-
ments, and I solemnly believe that if that system
(of which a canal and railroad from the tide-water
of the James river to the waters of the Ohio were
parts) had been consummated before theopening
of the rebellion, Virginia would have been bound
by an indissoluble tie to her sisters of the West,
and that,' with them, she would this hour be fight-
ing the battles of the Union. The strong com-
mon interest between her and them, generated by
constant social and commercial intercourse, and
strengthened by the fact that she possessei for
herself and them the shortest and the cheapest
line of transit between the great western valley
and the Atlantic capes, would have detached *her
from disloyal southern affiliations, and attached
her, by ligaments too strong for disruption, to the
blessed Union of our fathers.
For the very same reason that I sustained the
Virginia system of artificial intercommunication
do 1 now support the scheme of this bill. It is
one in a series of like measures, looking beyond
my own State, and comprehending many flourish-
ing States, that is destined, sooner or later, to join
ait sections in fraternal concord together, and to
put secession and treason to blush forever.
But far higher authority than my own humble
opinions may be invoked in behalf of the principle
of this bill. One of the most distinguished intel-
lects that ever illustrated the annals of American
statesmanship, on more occasions than one urged
upon the country the adoption of a grand system
of measures of the kind indicated in this bill. I
refer to Mr. Calhoun, of South Carolina. Per-
haps the authority of las great name, inseparably
associated as it is with the State rights faith, may
ease the conscience of some of the State rights
members of the House who may be hesitating
whether they can consistently yield their support
to the bill before us. No such authority is needed
for my own satisfaction, Mr. Speaker; for I long
ago made up my mind that a Government that
has not the power to make roads and canals for
war and commercial objects, and, I may add, to
protect its own industry, and to regulate and keep
uniform its own currency, is no government at
all—is unworthy the name of government.
But to the authority. While Secretary of War
under Mr. Monroe—and the country never had
an abler head of the War Office—Mr. Calhoun,
in his annual report of December 24, 1824, rec-
ommended to Congress the most gigantic system
of internal improvements ever proposed in this or
any other country. After assuming that all such
roads and canals as " tended to bind all parts of the
Union together, and the whole with the center, were
of national importance, and as such were duties of
the Government," lie proceeded to unfold his
plan.
u The first and most, important was conceivcd to be the
route for a canal extending trom the seat of Government,
by the PoXomae, to the Ohio river, and thence to Lake
32ric."'
"The route which i« deemed next in importance, in a
national point of view, is one extending through the entire
tier of the Atlantic States, including those on the Gulf of
Mexico. Tin* includes, also, canals to connect the Dela-
ware and T'aritan, Damnable and Buzzards bays, and
Boston harbor with Nairagansett bay.'5
And the third route recommended was " a dur-
able road from the scat of Government to New
Orleans, through the Atlantic States." Besides
these, other grand intercommunications were
suggested, as the connection of the Alabama and
Savannah rivers with the Tennessee, the James
liver with the Kanawha, the Susquehanna with
the Alleghany, Lake Champlain with the river
St. Lawrence, and St. John's river, across Florida
neck, with the Gulf of Mexico.
Such is the system advocated by Mr. Calhoun.
But it is not his systemthixt I have to do with,but
the grounds on which he commended it—the reasons
of his impassioned enthusiasm and confident faith in
it. They went to its effect m making stronger
and surerthe cords of the Union. On that patiiotic
ground almost exclusively lie plead for the great
system that would link all the sections of the
country together by a common interest. His ever
to be remembered words were: " Let us bind the
Republic tog-ether; let us conquer space by a perfect
system of roads and canals."
Now, sir, on the same ground on which Mr.
Calhoun vindicated his grand scheme do 1 sustain
the scarcely less humble one embodied in this bill.
It will help to " bind the Republic together; it
will conquer space;" it will rivet the fastenings
of the great structure; it will lay broader, deeper*
and firmer the foundations of our blessed Union J.
To apply this reasoning palpably, suppose the
system of Mr. Calhoun hau been consummated,
or the leading parts of it, would the Union be 00 W
lying in fragments? ,
But how is this happy effect to be wrought?
Why, sir, it is the very nature of the thing, Con-
nect communities when and where you will ky
ready thoroughfares of traffic and travel, and you
at once link them together. Build a log cabin in
the far backwoods, where for years the smoke
of but one chimney curled, and where the stroke
of but one ax broke the stillness of the forest.
Then build a road from that lonely cabin to some
other cabin further down in the wilderness, and
very soon the tenants of the two will come to-
gether. They will first talk together, then smoke
their pipes together on the same fallen trunk, then
hunt together; next their wives and children visit;
by and by some sort of trade springs up by means
ofth is opened road; and finally, ties are formed not
easily to be severed. Now, the principle becomes
stronger and stronger, more potent and yet more
potent, as you apply it to cultivated and devel-
oped communities. The cords strengthen as they
permeate. This is the simple theory, as vindi-
cated by the uniform experience of society.
But 1 will endeavor to show how the meas-
ure we are considering will operate practically to
strengthen the Union. A new idea has been
started of late in several parts of the country*
that of " leaving New England out in the cold;"
in other words, of reconstructing the Union so as
to leave New England out of the programme al-
together. And this idea has taken deeper root
than is generally supposed. A portion of the
press has taken hold of it; some politicianscher-
ish it; and is it altogether certain, Mr. Speaker,
that there are not members of this House who are
looking in this direction? Sir, come from whom
it may, the idea is of Ueason's conception. It is
treason's self—utreason to all intents and pur-
poses," as Mr. Ritchie, the Jupiter Tonans of the
State-rights Democracy of Virginia, once said of
secession. It is secession in its most brazen form.
11 is the very crime—for crime it is—of which the
seceding States have been guilty, and which has
brought upon our once happy country this un-
happy civil war, with the unnumbered woes un-
der which it writhes in agony. And he who would
countenance the idea for one moment is a traitor at
heart, and ought to be in the ranks of the rebels,
for there he belongs. Mr. Speaker, 1 protest
against this wicked suggestion of disintegration.
1 loathe it in my inmost soul. For one I am not
willing to part with New England. Her Puritan-
ism may not suit my tastes, but even her Puritan-
ism is preferable to South Carolina secessionxsm.
And there are thousands and tens of thousands of
^ood men and true in New England who ardently
love the Union, and who stand by the Constitu-
tion as the wisdom of revolutionary statesmen
framed it. There is much genuine conservatism
there, and old Time will yet bring all things right.
Put New England out in the cold! How can we
when we rccall theglorious memories of her past?
When we think of her James Otis and her Oxen-
bridge Thacher, who, as far back as 1763, when
denouncing tyranny's writs of assistance, set the
ball of American revolution and American inde-
pendence in motion; when we think of Concord
and Lexington and Bunker Hill and the martyr-
dom of Warren and Montgomery; of the frequent
assemblages of the " Sons of Liberty" on Boston
Common, and the throwing of the tea overboard
in Boston harbor; when we bring up the thrilling
reminiscences that" in the times that tried men's
souls" Virgmiaand Massachusetts stood shoulder
to shoulder, and that messengers from these States
crossed each other in conveying the sad news of
the passage of the stamp act; when we remember
that Putnam and Hancock and the Adamses and
Webster and Choate and Everett and Wmthrop
and Story and Prescott were the countrymen of
Washington and Henry and Marshall and Madi-
son and Rutledge and Laurens and Cotosworth
Pinckney and Marion and Sumter and Lowndes;
1 say, when we cast our eye back upon these
bright spots in our common history, how can we
brook the thought of casting New England off?
Sir, I am* as the distinguished gentleman from
