1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57th Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana Elections—Mr. Crisjidd.
Ho. o?B'i
The proceedings will bo conducted and returns thereof
made in aecoidanee with law.
No person will be con-idered ns an elcetor qualified to
vote who, in addition to the other qualifieationsof an elect-
or, does not exhibit to the register of voters, if ins resi-
dence be in the city ot" New Otleans, or to the commis-
sioners of election, if his residence be in any other place in
said districts, the evidence of his having taken the oath of
allegiance to the Umt.ed States.
Given under my hand and the seal of the State of Louis-
iana, at the city of Orleans, this 14th day of
[l. s.] November, A. £> 1862. and of the independence of
the United States of America the eighty seventh.
GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,
Military Governor of Louisiana.
By the Governor:
James P. Miller, Acting Secretary of State.
Mr. Crisfield here gave way for a motion to
adjourn, and the House adjourned.
Tuesday, February 17,1863.
Mr. CRISFIELD (resuming) said: The brief
time, Mr. Speaker, allotted me under the rules of
the House is wholly insufficient for any elabora-
tion of the points to which this case gives rise;
and I can therefore do little more than announce the
propositions which, in my judgment,are involved
in it.
When interrupted yesterday by the adjourn-
ment of the House, I was stating the facts of the
case, and the condition of affairs in the State of
Louisiana before and at the time of this election.
I had traced those facta down to the issuing of the
proclamation of General Shepley, and now I pro-
ceed to speak of them from that point.
In pursuance of that proclamation this election
was held, and, so far as we have evidence, it seems
to have been conducted in a regular manner. So
far as the manner of voting was concerned there
does not appear to have been any coercion or hm-
derance of those who desired to vote. We have
no evidence from which we can infer that that
election was not fairly cond ucted, except the single
fact that the number voting was but about half as
large as voted in the same districts two years be-
fore. Thi.- Committee of Elections endeavored
to account for that by the number of enlistments
in both armies in that interval.
Mr. Speaker, that may be true; the number of
voters remaining there was no doubt greatly re-
duced by these enlistments; but the discrepancy
may just as easily be accounted for by other
causes. It may have arisen from circumstances
which I shall bring to the notice of the House be-
fore I close. I do notintend to impugn any of the
facts reported by the committee; but we cannot
fail to note, and ought not to forget, there are no
persons here contesting the right of the claimants
to these seats, and that all the evidence before us
is ex parte. I agree with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] that from the evi-
dence before us we are bound to believe that this
election was made by loyal people; that the per-
sons whom they have sent here are loyal men, fit
and worthy to be members of this House, and
that they received clear and decided majorities of
all the votes cast; and I do not yield to him in my
anxiety that some mode may be discovered by
which these gentlemen may [awfully and consist-
ently with our duty be admitted to seats upon this
floor. But, sir, i have carefully examined this
case, and, with all my anxiety to vote for their
admission, I have reluctantly reached the conclu-
sion that I cannot do so consistently with my
duty under the Constitution and the laws.
Now, sir, these gentlemen present themselves
here claiming seats on this floor by virtue of the
certificates of a gentleman who styles himself mili-
tary governor of Louisiana, that they were chosen
at an election caused to be held by him in that
capacity. The regularity and validity of that elec-
tion is insisted upon on these grounds: first, that
General Shepley is to be considered as substituted
ill the place of the constitutional Governor of
Louisiana, and that the election, as held, was a
substantial compliance with thclaw; and second,
that unless we recognize and adopt the principle
on which this election was held, there is no other
mode by which the loyal people of States situated
as Louisiana is can ever regain their rights upon
this floor.
The Constitution of the United States, article
one, section two, provides that—
"The House of R«-pte>en?atives shall be composed of
members cho>en evoiy second year by the people of the
NEW Series—No. 8.
several States; and the electors in each State shall have
the qualification's requisite for electors of the most numer-
ous bianch ot the State Legislature."
By same article, section four, it further provides
that—
" The times, placcs, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof, but Congress may at any
Time, by Jaw, make or alter such regulations, except as to
the places of choosing Senators."
And by the fourth paragraph, section two, arti-
cle one, it further provides that—
" When vacancies happen in the representation from any
State, the executive authority thereof shall issue write of
election to fill such vacancies."
Congress has passed no law for carrying these
powers into effect. The State of Louisiana has;
and her laws, with these provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States, constitute the sole
rule by which this case may be lawfully judged.
I fit be conceded that General Shepley was sub-
stituted in the place of the constitutional Govern-
or of Louisiana, and may lawfully do in respect
to this subject what hemighthavedone, wemust
find that thte election was held and conducted ac-
cording to the laws of that State, or it cannot be
sustained. Was itso held and conducted ? Island
here for the purpose of showing that, in three im-
portant, vital paiticulais, the law of Louisiana has
been violated; and if this election had been held
under the direction of the constitutional Governor
himself it would have been void. In fact, Mr.
Speaker, had an election in time of peace and
under the ordinary and regular working of our
system, been called and held by the constitutional
Governor as this election was called and held, not
a doubt would have been entertained of its inva-
lidity, and not a member of this House would
have risen in his place tosustain it. Thiselection
violates the law of Louisiana, first, in respect to
the time of holding the election; second, in re-
spect to the evidence of the electors'right to vote;
and third, in respect to the qualifications of the
voters.
The law of Louisana, as it stood at the time
of these elections, is given to us by the commit-
tee in then* repoit as follows:
" Election1? for representatives in the General Assembly
>hall bo held on the fir-t Monday in Novemboi, 1855, and
every nvo years thereafter," &c. * * * *
"Sec. 01. That all geneial elections foi members, of
Congress shall be held at the same time and conducted in
the same manner a< is provided tor the election of repie-
sentativc: to the Gi'nei.il A—•embly." * * *
"Sec. 33. That in c< .->e ol vacancy bv death or other-
wise in the said office of Representative between the gen-
eral elections, itshall be the duty of the Govcrnoi by procla-
mation to cause an election to he held according to law
to fill said vacancy."—Laws of Louisiana, approved March
15, 1855.
This, sir, is neither a general election, nor is it
a vacancy within the meaning of Louisiana law,
which mny be filled by election on the proclama-
tion of the Governor. It is not a general election,
the time for holding which is fixed by law; for
that should have occurred on the first Monday of
November, 1861. It did not so occur. General
Shepley, in his proclamation, avers that Louis-
iana "is now and has been without any Repre-
sentatives in the Thirty-Seventh Congress;" and
we would have been bound to take notice o'f the
fact that theie was no election if he had not stated
it, for no such election has been reported to this
House. The office never having bet n filled, there
could not have been a vacancy that could be filled
on the proclamation of the Governor under the
provision relating to vacancies occurring by death
or otherwise between the general elections. The
term vacancy in its popular, unrestricted sense,
would Certainly include an office without an in-
cumbent, no matter how or when. An unfilled
office is, in this sense, a vacant office. But in this
law the term is used in a technical and restricted
sense; it is a vacancy of a peculiar kind, one oc-
cuning by death or otherwise between the gen-
eral elections, which the Governor is directed by
pioclaination to cause an election to beheld to fill.
It must first have been filled before there could be
any vacancy which the Governor, by his own mo-
tion, could appoint an election to fill. There hav-
ing been no general election foi members of Con-
! gress, the state of circumstances never < xisted
I which warranted the Governor to issue his proc-
[ lamalion ordering a special election. The act, if
I done by the constitutional Governor, would have
been without warrant of Jaw, and void"; can It Kel„
of more validity when done by General Sl^'pMytj
But the second exception I take to this£leeuofr^
is still more important and conclusive. 'OerietfSp,
Shepley has assumed to dispense with the fegfe
proof of the voter's right to exercise this; prmlfeg}
and has undertaken to establish a new and diflfr-
ent tribunal to judge the right, and prescribed "new"
evidence by which it is to be tried. The law of
Louisiana provides for the appointment of a re-"
gisierof voles, who, so far as the city of Ne w Or* >
leans is concerned, is the sole judge of the elector's
right to vote; and the certificate of his judgment'
isconclusive evidence of the right. General Shep-
ley dispensed with this positive law, and author-
ized the commissioners of election to decide on
the qualification of voters, and directed them to
receive the vote of any loyal citizen who is a legal
voter as provided by a law which had been re-
pealed. Let me call the attention of the House to
the statutes of Louisiana. By the act of 1856 pro-
vision is made for the appointment of a register,
whose duty it shall be to register in a well-bound
book the names and residences of such citizens as
by the constitution and laws then existing, or
which should thereaftei be enacted, may beentitled
to vote. The register's term in office, his qualifi-
cations, modes of proceeding, penalties for failures
of duty, and liability to the injured party for mis-
feasance and malfeasance, are all set forth with
particularity. By the fifth*section he is directed
to issue to every citizen registered an original cer-
tificate of his right to vote at the date of the grant-
ing such certificate; and by the fifteenth and
twentieth sections it is provided that such original
cettificateof registry "shall be held conclusive of
the right of such person to vote, and no commis-
sioner of election shall require, under the pains
and .penalties imposed by the sixteenth section of
the act, any other evidence of the right of said
person to vote." The twenty-first section is in
the following words:
" Sec. 2i. Beit further enacted, $•<:., That no person shall
be entitled to vote who shall not have registered his name
in putt-uance with the provisions of this act."
Here is the express law of Louisiana, prescrib-
ing the condui ms needful to and the evidence of
the voter's right, forbidding him the exercise of
the privilege in the absence of these conditions,
and forbidding, also, a resort to any other evi-
dence to establish it. Does General Shepley con-
form to the law? By his proclamation of the22d
of November he repeals the law practically. He
dispenses with the registry entirely, and directs
the commissioners of elections to decide on the
qualifications of voters. I will read from that
piociamation. It is as follows:
Executive Department,
New Orleans, November 23, 1862.
General Order No. 22.]
1. The central board of commissioners m and for the par-
ish of Oilcans will be composed of the mayor of the city of
New Orleans, the eify attorney of sanl city, the register of
voters for said city, and Or, Edward Ame-, and Charles
Leaumont, Esq., " two citizens of New Orleans-, who have
resided in tins State at least five years, hereby appointed
by the Governor."
The central board of commissioners hereby constltured
will perform the duties imposed by the act of J857, No 289,
entitled "An act relative to elections m the patWi of Or-
leans."
2. Inasmuch as it has been found impracticable to sceure
a full registration of all the loyal voters in the parish of Or-
leans in reason forthe enduing election for Representatives
in Congress, the commissioners of election in the parish of
Orleans, to be appointed by the central board, will decide
upon the qualification of voters in the same manner as in
the other parishes of the State, and may receive the vote
oi am loyal ciii/a'ii who is a legal voter as provided in the
thirteenth and fourteenth seenon^ of"An act relative to
elections?," approved March 15, 1855.
By order ot Brigadier General George F. Shepley, mili-
taiy governor of Louisiana.
JAMES P. MILLER,
4Assistant Adjutant General.
It will also be seen that he has dispensed with
the tribunal which alone has jurisdiction to de-
termine the right, and he sets up a new one, ap-
pointed by hunself, to determine it without the
guards which this law throws around to insure
the correctness and fidelity of its action. If a con-
stitutional Governor of Louisiana had so done,
there is no legal mind that would sp far risk its
reputation as to say it was legal. There is no
lawyer in the House, or out of it, who would not
at once repudiate it as improper and wrong.
But that is not the only objection. Not only
