114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
31th Cons....3d Sess.
Louisiana Elections—Mr. Grisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
does he change the evidence of the voter's right
and. the tribunal to determine it, but he ingrafts a
new condition on the right itself. The constitu-
tion of Louisiana prescribes the right of voting.
I read from the constitution of that State, found
in a volume entitled Revised Statutes, 1852, as
follows:
" Art. 10. In all elections by the people every free white
male who has been two years a citizen of the United States,
who has attained the age of twenty-one years, and resided
in the State two consecutive years next preceding the elec-
tion, and the last year thereof in the parish in which he of-
fers to vote, shall have the light of voting: Provided, That
no person shall be deprived of the right of voting who, at
the time of the adoption of this constitution, was entitled
to that right under the constitution of 1812."
General Shepley adds another condition. In
the proclamation of the 14th of Novemberalready
read, he declares that—
" No person will be considered as an elector qualified to
vote who,in addition to the other qualifications of an elector,
does not exhibit to the register of voters, if his residence
he In the city of New Orleans, or to the commissioners of
election, if his residence be in any other place in said dis-
tricts, the evidence of his having taken the oath of alle-
giance to the United States."
Now, sir, I do not object to tho condition as a
thing wrong in itself. I would not be undetstood
as holding that a man who is not loyal should be
permitted to exercise the elective franchise; but I
do say that this brigadier general has transgressed
the power rightfully-belonging to the constitu-
tional Governor in attempting to add any new con-
dition to the rights of suffrage as defined by law.
If he can add one new condition, he may add a
dozen or a thousand. He has transgressed his
power, and his act is null and void.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are vital departures
from tho law of Louisiana, and an election held
and made in conformity with them cannot be sus-
tained. It is no election at all. If so conducted
by the regularly constituted authorities of Louis-
iana in time of peace and older it would scarcely
be accordcd a rcspectful consideration; it would at
once be discounronanced. fn those times of dis-
order and revolution we should ho a thousand
times more careful not to allow these seats to be
occupied by those who come not here in accord-
ance with the Constitution and the laws.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. CRISP!ELD. I hope my friend will not
consider mo discourteous if I do not yield. 1 am
asked if I consider adherence to tho register law
is vital to the validity of ihc election. Most cer-
tainly I do. Thorn is no other mode prescribed
by whiehyoucandeterminewhoarevoters. Your
Constitution says that time, place, and manner of
holding elections shall be prescribed by the Legis-
lature of the State, unless Congress shall determ-
ine otherwise. The Legislature has piescnbed
this mode and Congress Imsacquiesced, and theie
is no power to dispense with it. if you do not
elect according to this law, you do not elect under
any law.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion which 1 wish to ask is this. Whether the
registry laws, the checking and recording of the
names, or any other formal law of that kind, has
ever beg^ treated in the determination of cases of
tins character as vital to an election ?
Mi. CCUSFIELD. I urn unable to tell my
fiiend from Massachusetts what may have been
held. Island here for the purpose of .showin
what is the law. There are many decisions which
are not law; and many decisions in election cases
are not free from this infirmity.
This registry law is not a formal law; it is the
vital, essential law, without a compliance with
which there can be no legal election. Doubtless
there are provisions in it merely formal, the neg-
lectof which would only impose penalties on the
party in default, without impairing the elector's
right; but then; aie other provisions which cue
essential, and cannot be dispensed with ns !o:k.
as the law remains unrepealed. The provisions
dispensed with in this case are of the latter class.
The register is made the sole judge of the voter's
light; and his certificate is the conclusive evidence
of that right; these are not foimal provisions, they
are matters of substance. Arid again, unless the
voter is registered he has no right to vote, which
is still more vital and important. These provis-
ions go to the very essence of the right, and
emmot be neglected or dispensed with and the
right to vote in the districts affected by the law
remain.
The Constitution says the States may prescribe
the times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Representatives in each State, but Congress,
if it sees fit, may make or alter such regulations
at any time. The State of Louisiana has spoken,
Congress has not, and what the State says is the
sole Taw of the case. If it be not adhered to, then
you have no law under which a member of Con-
gress from that State can be elected. I think that
it is important you should adhere to the law, and
not allow persons to come on this floor, with the
privileges of membership, except in pursuance of
legal warrant. If you admit men who come here
in any oth'er manner, this House will soon become
a mere mob, and speaking in the name of the
Constitution a farce.
So much, Mr. Speaker, for this election con-
sidered on the hypothesis that General Shepley
may execute the powers belonging to the constitu-
tional Governor of that State. Even so considered,
it is, in my judgment, absolutely voi<J. But enn
he be regarded in any legal sense as substituted
for the Governor of Louisiana, and may he right-
fully administer the powers belonging to that offi-
cer? In my judgment he cannot. Their offices are
wholly dissimilar; they claim by different titles,
and hold by different tenures; they have different
qualifications, are charged with different duties, and
aie controlled by different responsibilities. Their
powers emanate from different sources. They are
in every particular unlike, and in some respects
even antagonistic.
The Governor of Louisiana derives his power
from the constitution and laws of Louisiana.
They prescribe his qualifications and define his
duties. He must have been a citizen of the United
States and a resident of the State of Louisiana fif-
teen years before his election, have attained the
age of thirty-five years, and hold no office under
the United States. He is elected by the qualified
electors of the State for the term of four years,
and must take an oath to discharge the duties of
his office agreeably to the Constitution and laws
of the United States and of theStatc of Louisiana,
lie is charged with the execution of the laws of
that State, is a coordinate branch of its govern-
ment. lie represents the sovereignty of the State,
and is authorized to speak in its name.
Now, what is General Shepley? Does he de-
rive his authority from the constitution and laws
of the State of Louisiana? Does he represent any
portion of the sovereignty of Louisiana? Why,
sir, he comes in not under the constitution and
laws of that State; he has taken no oath to exe-
cute those laws and support that constitution.
1-Je has not the constitutional qualifications to be
Governor of that State. He bears a commission
in the United States Army, and, as far as we know,
has never resided in Louisiana. He is there only
to execute the mandates of his military superior.
To suppose that he exercises and can exercise the
dutieNofGovernor of Louisiana, and is substituted
in his place, involves a wonderful and a strange
confusion of ideas. He calls himself not the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana, butjhe military governor of
Louisiana. There is no such officer under the
laws andeonstitution of Louisiana. Look through
that constitution and those la vvs, and you will find
no such office, or anything like it, described, pro-
vided for, or recognized.
What is a military governor? Where shall we
find the measure of his authority, and by what
authority does he act? Sir, there is no such of-
ficer desci ibed in American jurisprudence I have
not been able to find in any law book the mean-
ing of the term " military governor." There is
no such office. In legal contemplation itdoes not
exist. It i.j a mere designation which for con-
venience sake is applied to a military officer who,
in the progress of war, is compelled to exercise
control over persons within his lines, but not of
his command. He acts altogether by virtue of
military authority, and in no other way can he
act. Shepley is a brigadier general of the United
States, and he wen tin to Louisiana in the discharge
of kis military duties under the command of his
superior officer, acting in virtue of the right of a
belligerent, and he has no other title but military
force. He is not Governor of the State, but only
a military officer exercising his authority over
civilians within the district subjected to his arms.
His exercise of authority is an incident of war,
which has displaced the civil authority, and is a
necessity, for otherwise there would be no civil
authority or government within his district.
Sir, there is actual war in Louisiana, and it
has been going on for nearly two years. Armed
forces are upon its soil;]jattles have been fought,
and the war is still in progress. What is the
nature of that war? I care not whether gentlemen
call it a civil war, a revolutionary war, or a war
of insurrection—and it is certainly one or the
other—yet, in all these, the principles of interna-
tional jurisprudence established by the usages of
nations to govern actual war between sovereign
States are applicable to and control the case.
General Halleck, in his excellent treatise on
International Law and Laws of War, says:
"Warsofinsurrection and of revolution are generally thoso
undeitaken to gain or to regain the liberty or independence
of the party or State which undertakes them; as was the
case with the Americans in 1776 against England ; of the
Mexicans and South American States against Spain; of the
Greeks in 1821; and of the Hungarians in 1848, and the Ital-
ians in I860. A war of revolution is generally undertaken for
the dismemberment of a State, by the separation of one of
its^>arts,or for the overthrow and radical change of the Gov-
ernment; while an insuuectionary wai is sometimes waged
for a very different purpose. Both, however, haveiespect
to tiie internal affahs of the Suite lather than its external
relations They are therefore, in one sense, eivil wars, and
are governed by the same geneial lulcs which are applied
to that class ol wars.
" Civil wars are those which result from hostile opera-
tions, canied on between different parts of the same State,
as thewarsofthe Roses in England, of the League in Fiance,
of the Guelphs and Giubeline& m Italy, and of the factions
in Mexico and South America, Wars of insurrection and
(evolution aie, in one sense, civil wais; but this teim is
more usually applied to those contests which are waged be-
tween rival families or factions for party ascendency in a
State, lather than for its dismemberment, or for a radical
change in its government. Each-party, in such cases, is usu-
al!) entitled to ihc right* of war, a& against the other, and
also with lespeet to neutrals."
These opinionsof General Halleck arc sustained
by all the approved writers upon international law.
Vattol is even stronger.
Now, sir, what aie the rights of warapplicable
to the case? The military forces of the United
States, m the progress of this war, have driven
the insurgents out of all that part of Louisiana
covered by the first and second congressional dis-
tricts, and occupy the same. The officers of the
State government were parties to the insurrection
and have fled and abandoned their offices, and, as
a matter of fact, we all know the State govern-
ment ts not in operation, the forces of the United
States having overcome the forces opposed to
them, and occupied the territory. Now, by the
rights of war, what is the character of that occu-
pation, and the rights of the forces holding it?
Turning to the same authority, we are told:
<% The right of one belligerent to occupy and govern the
terutory of tho enemy while in its military possession is
one of the incidents of war, and flows directly from the
right to conquer." * * y * k * +
" The government established over an enemy's territory
during its military occupation may exercise all the powers
given"by the laws of war to the conqueror over the con-
quered, and irf subject to all the restrictions which that
code imposes. Itis ot little consequence whether such gov-
ernment be called a military or a civil government; its char-
acter is the same, and the source of its authority is the same;
m either case it i$ a government imposed by the laws of war,
and, bO fai as itconcerns the inhabitants of bucli territory,
or the lest of the woild, those laws alone determine the le-
gality or illegality of its ads,'* " *
" Political laws, as a general mle, are suspended during
the military occupation of the conquered territory. The
political connection between the people of such territory
and ;.,e State to winch they belong is not entirely severed,
but it is interrupted or suspended so long as the occupation
continues." * - * * * *
"The municipal Jaws of a conqueied territory, or the
laws which regulate puvate lights, continue in foice dur-
ing imhtaiy occupation, except so far as they are suspended
or changed by the acts ot the conqueror. Important changes
of tins kind are seldom made, as the conqueror has no in-
terest in interfering with tho municipal laws of the coun-
tiy which he holds by the temporaiy rights of military oc-
cupation. He nevertheless has all the powers of a defacto
government, and can at his pleasure either change the ex-
isting laws or make* new one*- Such changes, iiowever,
aie iri general only of a temporary character, and end with
the government which made them."
These authorities, in harmony with all the writ-
ers 011 the subject, show that the occupation of
these districts is a military occupation; that they
were, at the time of this election, held by con-
quest; that General Shepley and his superior in
command of the army of occupation act with re-
spect to the people and territory occupied only by
