THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
do not pass, House bill No. 42, far the relief of
George Ashley, administrator de bonis non of
Samuel Holgate.
The bill was laid on the table.
HANNIBAL GRAHAM.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have in my hand a claim
very peculiar in its nature. It is embodied in
House bill No. 536, for the relief of Hannibal
Graham. This is a colored man who, for some
years past, has been in the employment of the
House. I think if the House will hear a state-
ment of the facts of the case, there will be no ob-
jection to the immediate passage of the bill.
Mr. ARNOLD. I must object to the consider-
ation of the bill at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will not
object.
Mr. ARNOLD. I must insist on my objection.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar,and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be piinted.
J". W. DYRR AND OTHERS.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back Senate bill No. 338,
for the relief of Joseph W. Dyer, Ancil L. Dyer,
and Wm. W. Dyer; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and, with the accompanying report, ordered
to be printed.
JOHN K. BOULIGNY.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, leported a bill for the relief of John
E. Bouhgny, of Louisiana; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SIIIP CANALS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 718) to construct a ship canal for the
passage of armed and naval vessels from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Michigan, and for the en-
largement of the locks of the Erie canal and the
Oswego canal of New York, to adapt them to the
defense of the northern lakes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. OLIN. I would like to suggest whether
that is precisely in accordance with the under-
standing of the House?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. There was no understanding
on this side of the House about it.
The House divided upon Mr. Hoi.man's mo-
tion; and there were—ayes 33, noes 65.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FENTON. [ hope my friend from Indi-
ana will not insist upon calling the yeas and nays.
There seems to have been an implied understand-
ing that the canal bill was to be considered to-day.
I yielded with great rcluclance to the importunity
ot gentlemen to yield up this day for this purpose.
I hope, therefore, that the motion to go into the
consideration of the Private Calendar to-day will
not be pressed, with th'e understanding that Fri-
day of next week shall be devoted to the consid-
eration of private business.
Mr. HOLMAN. There m one other objection.
It is certainly very desiiable that the Private Cal-
endar should have one day's consideration.
Mi. FENTON. I yielded with great reluct-
ance, with the understanding that next Friday
shall be set apart as objection day.
Mr. HOLMAN. i insist upon the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I rise to ask a ques-
tion of tire Chair. I ask if there was not yester-
day an understanding "that this day should be
devoted to the canal bill?
Mr. ARNOLD. Ch-arly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no such
understanding-.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there had been, I certainly
would not violate it.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's mo-
tion; and it was decided m the negative—yeas 38,
nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Baily, Clem-
eats, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Cravens, Cuth-r, Davis,
Dunn, Edgerton, Grider,HalP, Raiding, Harrison, Holman,
Johnson, Law, Lazear, MeKmght, McPherson, Maiiory,
Maynard, Menzies, Moorhead, Morris, Peiry, Porter, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Fiancis Thomas, Vallandigham,
Verree, Ward, Whaley, Wickhffe, Wright, and Yeaman—
NAYS—Messrs. Aldriefi. William J. Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baker, Baxrer, Beaman, Jaeob B. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blait, Blake, Buffiuton, Burnham, Calvert, Casey,
Clark, Colfax, fto^coe Conkling, Dawes, Delano, Dela-
plainc, Edwards,Eliot,Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Franchot, Fiank,Gooch,Good-
win, Granger, Haight, Hooper, Hutehins, Julian, Francis
W. Keilo":g, William Kellogg, Keirigan, Knapp, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovejoy, MeKeau, Marston, Mitchell, Noell, Nor-
ton, Odcll, Ohn, Pike, Potter, Price, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Riddle, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, James
S. Rollins, Sargent, ijegar, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Smith, Spdulding, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Tiowbridge,Van Horn,Van Valkenburgh,Van Wyek, Wads-
worth, Y\ alker, Walton, VVashburne, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Wiudotn, and Wood—81.
So the House refused to go into committee.
STEPHEN JOHNSTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, T ask to have
entered upon the Journal of the House a motion
to reconsider the vote by which Senate joint res-
olution No. 119, to confirm the adverse decision
of the Court of Claims in the case of Stephen
Johnston and others was passed.
The motion was entered.
SHIP CANALS.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order
to be the consideration of House bill No. 718, to
construct a ship canal for the passage of armed
and naval vessels from the Mississippi river and
Lake Michigan, and for the enlargement of the
locks of the Erie canal and the Oswego canal of
New York, to adapt them to the defense of the
northern lakes; on which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I feel no slight de-
gree of embarrassment as to the course which
1 think ought to be pursued in reference to the
measure now before the House. 1 did not sup-
pose, when this bill came before the House in its
proper order, and when I had yielded to every
suggestion to so dispose of the measure as to meet
tjie wishes and convenience of the House; when,
sir, I had yielded twice to the suggestions of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] for his
accommodation, I did not expect to be met this
morning by an attempt to resort to that little,
petty trickery sometimes resorted to in this House
to prevent the consideration of a measure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The subject under debate la the bill for the en large-
men of canals.
Mr. OLIN. 1 am coming to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. The trickery to which the
gentleman refers, and with which he appears to be
ho familiar, is not the subject-matter now before
the House for discussion.
The SPEAKER. The debate must be confined
to the merits of the bill before the House. Noth-
ing else is before the House for discussion.
Mr. OLIN. If my friend from Indiana will
have a little patience I will directly come to that
subject.
The SPEAKER The gentleman must confine
his remarks to the subject under consideration.
Mr. OLIN. 1 have learned that much since I
have been a member of this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I suppose that my friend on
my right, [Mr. Stevens,] who has moved an
amendment to this bill, desires an opportunity to
discuss it. Where agentleman can give the House
information on the subject of any bill before the
House, and desires to have an opportunity to dis-
cuss it, I am exceedingly reluctant that he should
be precluded from doing so. Still, I think we should
consider the great pressure of the public business
and the exigencies of the present hour. And 1
am less reluctant on this occasion to see this de-
bate close, for the reason that this bill has long
been the subject of discussion and reflection m
this House, and its provisions are well under-
stood m a great degree by its members.
But, Mr. Speaker, I think that,on this occasion,
I will «ay a few words in reference to what i be-
lieve are misrepresentations intentionally and per-
sistently ciiculated by men who I trust will yet
he brought to a just responsibility for their action,
•on this bill. iN'ow, a repoit has been made, au-
thorized by the Committee, as appears on i^| face,
on Naval Affairs of this House in reference to
this measure; and I take the responsibility to soy
here, that in every material feature of it, it is a tis-
sue of misrepresentations and misstatements.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 call the gentleman
to order.
The SPEAKER. On what ground?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. For using language
indecorous and insulting to a committee of this
House.
Mr, OLIN. If that is so then I take it back.
[Laughter.]
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask that the Chair
shall decide on the point of order,
Mr. OLIN. 1 will retract the words.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask to have the
words taken down.
The SPEAKER, The words as taken down
by the reporter are as follows:
Now. a report has been made, authorized by the Com-
mittee, as it appears on its lace, on Naval Aflaiis of this
House in reference to this measure; and I take the respon-
sibility to say here that in every material feature of it, it is
a tissue ol' misrepresentations and misstatements."
The gentleman from New York rises to a point
of order that these words are not decorous to the
House or to a committee of the House. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. OLIN. I should have been happy if the
gentleman had allowed me to retract what I did
say. Yet 1 believe what I said is true. If I had
not I should not have said it. [Laughter.] I did
not charge, and I did not intend to charge, that
the gentlemen of that committee had made any
intentionally false representation. I only intended
what I believe to be true, to charge that in every
material fact it is an utter misrepresentation of the
whole question before Congress, and the truth of
that assertion I think I can demonstrate to every
intelligent and candid man in this House. .
Mr. Speaker, I shall not on this occasion review
this report. 1 am persuaded, however, if anyone
has perused it, that it is quite likely he may bo
misled by its statements. It is asserted in this
report, not on the authority of any responsible
name, except that of the author of the report, that
the expenditure essential to enlarge the course of
the Erie and Oswego canals would amount to the
sum of $30,000,000.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. That statement is
untrue.
Mr. OLIN. Is that in order ?
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I call the gentleman
to order. The statement he has made is untrue.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does the
gentleman rise ?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. To a personal expla-
nation. The gentleman has made a statement in
regard to this report which is at variance with the
fact.
Mr. OLIN. There is another suggestion in
this remarkable report to the effect that there was
no necessity for opening the Erie, Oswego, or Illi-
nois canals to reach this great northern chain of
lakes; that there were a number of rivers, har-
bors, and bays on which vessels of war could be
constructed, and which enter the lakes, without
the great expenditure required to enlaige these
canals, the construction of which at these places
would be no violation of our treaty stipulations
with Great Britain. The author of this report has
studied geography some time in his life, doubt-
less, pnd he will inform the House where those
waters are upon which you ean construct vessels
of war and take them into these lakes, and where
we would not, by so doing, violate thd treaty stip-
ulations with Great Britain as to the construc-
tion of the boats upon the lake itself. I think that
the locality particularly in the eye of the author
of this report is Lake Winnebago, connected with
Green bay by the lower Fox river. There is no
other sheet of water, to my knowledge, con-
nected with this chain of lakes, covered by our
treaty stipulations, on which vessels of war can
be built, except Lake Winnebago, connected by
the Fox river with the northern lakes. Nobody
better knew, if I may speak of the putative
author of that report, than he did that you cannot
get a boat of any description from Lake Winne-
bago to Green bay without a large expenditure
of money for the improvement of the Fox river
and the construction and enlargement of a num-
ber of locks.
The gentleman says, speaking of the locks on
the Canadian canals, that there is little danger
that vessels of war \yould 4< clapiber up those
locks*' to get into those lakes. But he sees no
