1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
objection to a vessel of war clambering down the I
locks of the Pox river from Lake Winnebago to
Green bay. To say nothing of the beauty of that
figure by which a vessel of war is made to get
upon its hands and knees and clamber along, I do
not see the force of that suggestion that it may
not clamber up as well as down the locks of a
canal. 1 have before me the report of the engi-
neer in charge of the Fox river improvement,
who states that a very large expenditure of money
will have to be made in order to permit vessels of
war drawing only six feet of water to clamber up
or down the Fox river from Lake Winnebago to
Green bay.
Now, this measure is attacked in another way.
In the first place it is alleged that the Erie canal
has not been enlarged to the capacity we claim for
it, and that a large amount of money will neces-
sarily have to be expended to make it of the capa-
city required by the draft of these gunboats which
are proposed to be constructed, and that is a draft
of six feet six inches.
I assert again that this report contains intrinsic
evidence upon its face that the author of it knew
certain facts in relation to the condition of those
canals; and, knowing them, must have known also
the fact that it was another misrepresentation to
say that the canals had not been arid would not
be enlarged to the requisite depth.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man from New York is hardly within the lule.
Mr.OLlN. I wasabout to say,and (repeat 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to repeat the
same remarks.
Mr. OLIN. I will endeavor to kepp within the
rule. I do not mean to step aside from the court-
esy of debate upon this occasion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided before
that when the gentleman made a mere charge of
misrepresentation, he did not consider that it came
within the parliamentary rule; but where there is
a charge of anything like intentional misrepresent-
ation it would. The gentleman now states that
thegentleman from New York must have known
a fact, and, knowing it, misrepresents it. The
Chair thinks that comes within the rule.
Mr. OLIN. I will not, then, state that fact;
for, of couise, I wish to keep myself within the
rule, and treat this subject with the courtesy which
belongs to this House. I wish to say that the
facts are stated m this report, based upon inqui-
ries at the canal department, showing what the
condition of the Erie canal was as to depth, and
they were deiived fiom a source which must, of
necessity, have communicated the intelligence to
the engineer, whoever he was, of the precise con-
dition of those canals. And I think, if he had
been very industrious in his inquiries, he would
have known that when the State entered into con-
tracts to have the canal enlarged to a certain ca-
pacity and depth, by reason of the dishonesty of
some few of the contractors on that canal, and the
complicity with those contractors of the engineers,
the work in some places actually had not been ex-
cavated to the contract depth. That was found
by an accurate resurvey of the canal. Although
the engineers of the canal had reported the work
as completed, although the State had contracted
for the completion of the work, and paid for such
completion, yet a fraud was practiced upon the
State, and as soon as that fraud was discovered,
a remedy was applied to it and the canal put in
process of enlargement to the reqmsitedepth, and
that excavation had nearlyjjeen finished before
this report was made, and will be completed be-
fore the opening of navigation next spring.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 ask the gentleman
from New York whether I understood him to re-
fer to the depth of water in the canal, in his last
remaik ?
Mr. OLIN. I referred to the depth ofthe canal.
There is another objection to this measure which
I will notice m this connection. Itisoften asked—
and at first blush there seems to be some apparent
force in it—that if you construct the Illinois canal,
and thus gain access to the waters of those lakes,
what is the necessity of enlarging the Erie and
Oswego canals so as to give access to vessels of
war to the lakes in this direction?
Any one at all familiar with the topography of
those lakes will know that in the (list place you
get no access to Lake Ontario, unless you get ac-
cess to it from the Erie and Oswego canals, or by
a side cut near Rochester, or in that vicinity, as
proposed by some gentleman. Therefore, that
lake, to all practical purposes, remains unde-
fended, unless the Eriecanal be enlarged from tide-
water of the Hudson river to the junction of the
Erie and Oswego canals, and to the lake, or from
Rochester thence by a side cut into the lake.
Again, I suppose that everybody knows that St.
Clair river is a narrow channel which connects
lake Erie with the upper lakes, and that a fortifi-
cation upon either shore ofit would command the
entire channel, and that it is so narrow, in fact,
that a rifle shot is effective from shore to shore,
and that it is a work of little labor or difficulty to
obstruct the free navigation of St. Clair river, and
once obstructed there is an end of all communica-
tion between the upper and lower lakes.
Now it is said, in the next place, that this is not
a military measure; that there is no military ne-
cessity for it, and we are told, on the one hand,
that when these canals are constructed of the ca-
pacity required by this bill, no vessel of war could
be carried through them. Whogivesthisopinion?
Now, the Committee on Military Affairs, upon
this subject, relied, in a great measure, upon the
opinion of the inventor of the Monitors, Ericsson,
who was specially consulted upon that subject,
and, after a most patient and careful examination,
he expresses the opinion that it was possible to
build vessels of war as impregnable as any vessel
can be built, of a dimension which would pass
through the Erie canal, if enlarged to the extent
contemplated in thus bill. Who controverts this
position? Who questions the accuracy of this
opinion ? Nobody. 1 say that no man of any in-
telligence or information upon the subject has ven-
tured an opinion to this House or to the country
m contradiction to that. What does Ericsson say?
He expresses the opinion that a vessel drawing
only six feet of water without her armament
may be constructed so as to be as impregnable as
it is passible to construct a vessel, and that the
same vessel, when loaded with her armament, may
draw eleven feet of water. So far as i know, or
have heard, the opinion is uniform among expe-
rienced men, that a vessel drawing eleven feet of
water is manageable and serviceable upon those
lakes, and may be navigated and managed upon
those lakes with as much facility as any vessel of
different dimensions.
Again: look at the provisions of this bill in an-
other aspect. A variety of suggestions have been
made to obviate the necessity of this expendituie,
one of which was made by the learned gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens;] and
which !«, that it would be cheaper to construct your
gunboats or vessels of war upon land, and then
take the various parts of such vessels to the lake
shore, and put them up upon the lakes. Perhaps
it would be cheaper, and perhaps it would not.
This suggestion supposes that your enemy would
quietly look at the process of putting together,
and not disturb you until your vessel was ready
for action. However that may be, I ask you to
look at one feature of the proposed measure. If
you build a vessel on the lake shoie at Chicago;
if you build a vessel on Lake Erie, or anywhere
else, that vessel of war will be serviceable on Lakes
Erie and Michigan, and nowhere else. It is cut
off from all connection with other portions of the
country. But open this channel through the
Illinois river with these lakes, open the Hudson
river to Lakes Ontario and Erie, what do you
dor You open eight thousand miles of steamboat
navigation for these vessels of war in what is
known as the upper Mississippi. And of course,
if you open that canal, yon allow your gunboats
to be used upon the lakes, if it be necessary that
they should be used there, and you allow them
to be taken into the Mississippi to be used on
every stream having connection with it; and you
allow them also to be used on the whole Atlan-
tic coast. Now, is not that of some importance?
Gunboats of the piecise diameter of those which
have done such service during this war, can be
constiucted to pass through this canal, and up
and down every navigable uver intersecting the
whole continent.
But it is said that this is merely a commercial
measure, and is thrust before the House upon a
false pretense. I suppose it was notoutof order to
charge, as the repoi I alluded to does in effect, that
this bill is thrust before the House as a military
measlfre, when it is only a commercial one. Is it,
I piay you, a commercial or a militaiy meonuro
which has so much detracted, and divided1 the
Committee of Ways and Means during the wh:e>le
of this session in their attempts to raise-the neces*
sary means to defray the expenses of this war,
ana in which their efforts have not been very .cred-
itable, not certainly on account of the absence of
ability, but simply for the lack of harmony?
Is H a war measure, I repeat, which calls on us
to raise now $900,000,000.? It is for war purposes
and war purposes alone. Well, what have -you
raised by the aid of these lakes and the Erie'canai
during the year 1862? I have the official state-
ment from the Secretary of the Treasury before
me, in which is shown all of the exportsof bread-
stuffs and provisions that we have been able tosend
abroad during that year, and with which we have
either paid our foreign debts, purchased our goods,
or brought home money in exchange for such
produce, and by which we have been better able to
carry on this war. And how much in value, think
you, of all the foreign exports that left the United
States went from the great valley of the West?
That statement shows me that the aggregate sum
sent from the entire country during the year 1862
was $212,920,639. Of that sum, $122,321,629 was
in the breadstuff's and provisions ofthe Northwest,
which were taken through the lakes and the Erie
canals,and overour railroads to the Atlantic coast.
To that sum should be added $11,100,069, which,
coming from the same source, were taken into
Canada. The total amount of domestic ex ports for
that year was $212,920,639. To the existence of
the Eriecanal the nation owes at least $100,000,000
of that sum.
Now, sir, we have heard a great deal upon this
floor of the gieat importance of the Mississippi
river as a bond of union between the great North-
west and the Gulf States. Thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. VisfeLANDiGiiAM] said—in substance,
1 do not remember his polished language—that
every drop of rain that foil upon that magnificent
valley of the West rolled into and swelled the tide
of the Mississippi, and that the destiny of the
Northwest was mdissolubly connected with that
stream from its head-waters to its mouth. Sir, I
would not disparage the importance of that mag-
nificent stream, but is any man so ignorant of
what has been transpiring in this country for the
last twenty-five years as not to know—however
important that Mississippi river may be—where
the great channels of trade and- commerce have
been? With all the facilities that the Mississippi
river affords, what has been the course of your
trade ' l ias it been down the Mississippi river?
Have yfli ever exported $10,000,000 of produce
in any one year from New Orleans, exclusive of
| cotton? And with your cotton has it amounted
J to a tithe of the commerce from the West to the
j East? In what period m the history of this Gov-
| ernment has the great Mississippi been the chan-
j uel of so gieat and magnificent commerce as those
northern lakes and the Erie canals, opened by the
wise and sagacious statesmen of New York, who
have but poor representatives here to-day?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. J think the
investigations of the gentleman from New York
will satisfy him that, to a very large extent, the
mouths of the Mississippi river have been turned
New Englandwaids by the enterprise and capital
of New England.
Mr. OLIN. That is precisely my idea, that I
was endeavoring, in my feeble way, to illustiate.
i was endeavoring to show that, however great
and magmficentm & commercial point of view and
in a military point of view the Mississippi river
may be, it does not control the sources of industry
and the avenues of trade; that intelligence, enter-
prise, capital, are always their master.
Now, there is another objection to this bill, and
1 desire to meet it here; because 1 see that, with
certain gentlemen, it has great weight. It is said
that the State of New York should not come here
a mendicant for the sum of $3,500,000 to enable
it to enlarge its canals to the proportions which
will meet the exigencies of the General Govern-
ment. Sir, that objection comes with an ill grace
from most of the members who occupy seats upon
this floor. 1 am not here to boast on every occa-
sion that I lepresent a gallant constituency, and
the greatest State in this Union, lam content that
the history of New York shall be read and under-
Stood, ana that she shall stand, as she always has
stood, an example to all the world. With natural
resources iiitimiely inferior to those of Virginia,
