116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February IT,
37th Cons....3d Sess.
Louisiana Elections—Mr. Crisfield.
Ho. of Reps.
form elected United States Senators. They came
here to demand the admission of California as a
State into the Union, and it was done. Considered
as a question of constitutional law, why should it
not have been done? Everything that was done in
that case it was competent for Congress to order
to be done, and whatever Congress can order to
be done it can ratify when done without its order.
It is the familiar principle common to courts of
equity that it will ratify when done without order
whatever it would have ordered. But this case is
entirely different. We are asked to ratify an elec-
tion of members of this House made by a military
officer, acting by no other authority than the laws
of war. You could not have ordered this militaiy
officer to prescribe the time, place, and manner of
holding this election, and.to hold it just as hedid.
It would have been a plain violation of the Con-
stitution. And you cannot ratify his act because
you cannot ratify what you have not the consti-
tional authority to order.
But, sir, 1 must hasten on. Gentlemen say that
this doctrine admits the right of State secession
and a practical dissolution of the Union. Not at
all, sir. I have already, in reply to my learned
friend from Massachusetts, endeavored to meet
that objection. The State of Louisiana is just as
much in the Union as ever it was. Its people are
citizens of the United States, and well entitled
to-day to all the benefits and protection of the na-
tional authority. The constitution and laws of
the State are in full force, but they are paralyzed
because there are no officers there to execute them.
The whole machine of State goverhment is per-
fect in all its parts. You have theconstimtion and
the laws of Louisiana; but you have no Governor
and no Legislature and no judges to execute them,
and until they can be appointed in some way, that
government will reffiain inert and inoperative.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWRS. I cull the previous question.
Mr. CHISF1ELD. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a few moments longer to close what I
desire to suy.
Mr. DAWES. If no other gentleman objects,
I will not.
No objection was made.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I shall avail
myself of the indulgence of the House for a few
moments only. 1 will simply state propositions
without stopping to argue them.
I come now to that view of the case which more
than fill others lias induced me to go into the ex-
amination of this subject. By reason of the trea-
son, flight, and abdication of the State officers, the
State governments in Louisiana and other States
have become inoperative, and their forms sup-
ply n<> an ana by which the vacant offices may bo
filled; mikI the question i*?, how is this chasm to be
bridged over? How is this difficulty,an incident
of the rebellion, to be cured, and the loyal people
of the seceded States lawfully brought back to the
enjoyment of all their constitutional privileges,
and the regular course oflaw be restored ? Tins is
art important question, and eveiy individual in the
country is deeply interested in its solution. We
are in a state of tembie agitation, irregularity,
and uncertainty, and the mind of evecy patriot ia
turned with anxiety to the contemplation of the
means by which the evils of this rebellion may be
cured and the wounds which have been inflicted on
our Constitution and laws may be healed without
leaving terrible scars, or, what is even worse, with-
out planting the seeds of anew disease which will
destroy their vitality, ^
Sir, how are State governments again to be put
in motion, and the accustomed couise of law to
be restoud? The advocates of these resolutions
tell us that it is to be done by ratifying the nets of
military authorities, and supporting elections held
under their direction. Another class of gentlemen
think that it can be done by calling sovereign
conventions, and through their agency bringing
about a restoration of order.
Air, THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Maryland whether he
takes the position on the floor of this House that
thcie i.s a /egal chasm to be bridged over ; and if
m>, whaf created that legal chasm? I contend that
there is none.
Mr. CRISFIELT). The clnjsm which is yawn-
ing lis is a matter of fact.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Yes; but
you spoke oflaw. There is no legal chasm.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I agree to that, but there
is an actual chasm. The officers of the State gov-
ernment are displaced, arid the government is in-
operative. That is a fact; I care not whether you
call it legal or otherwise. It certainly arises from
illegal conduct. There is a condition of things ex-
isting in Louisiana at this moment which there
is no law in Louisiana to remedy. The people of
Louisiana have got no Governor, no Legislature,
no State officers; but they have got a constitution
and laws, and the question is how they are to get
a Governor and Legislature. How is the defect
to be supplied? That is the chasm to which 1
refer. 1 have never sustained the legality of any
of the proceedings by which this condition has
been brought about. This whole revolution, from
the beginning, was not only illegal, but a crime.
I was saying, sir, that these difficulties were
proposed to be removed by one class of gentle-
men through the agency of elections held under
military dictation, and by another class of gentle-
men through what are called sovereign conven-
tions, the people in their primary capacity meet-
ing together and forming a new constitution; while
by a third class it is contended that the States
whose people are in rebellion against the United
States have committed suicide,and what remains
of them may be seized as the goods of a felo de se,
and confiscated to the service of the king. This
last proposition is not only illegal, but it is ab-
surd. How can aState commitsuicide? It has no
physical existence, it has no body to be kicked,
and no soul to be damned. It cannot cut its own
throat, hang itself, or take poison. How, then, is
it going to commit suicide?
A State is a legal entity. It has no existence
but in its constitution and its laws. Whatever its
administrative officers do outside of the constitu-
tion and laws, is done in violation of its govern-
ment as much asof the Govcrnmcntof the United
Stales, and is void. Its officers may commit trea-
son, but the Slate cannot. They may forfeit their
offices, but the Suae survives. Its officers may
violate the Constitution of the United States, but
the State cannot; for it is the law of its being. All
acts done in the name of the Slate m violation of
its organic laws are simply void. It lives in them,
and must live while they live. It cannot commit
suicide. Such a docti ine is as absuid as it is ille-
gal. All of these ideas, according to my notions,
arc revolutionary. They have no warrant in law;
and although in the histoiy of a country it may
be sometimes necessary in cases of great emcr-
neies, not otherwise provided for, to resort to
irregular means to save the State, such emergen-
cies are extremely rare, and such means ought
never to be resoited to so long as the constitution
by its regular and oidinary operation will sup-
ply a mode by which the object can be accom-
plished.
Will any gentleman tell me why it is not in
the power of this Congress to piovide the ma-
ehinei y by which State governments can be again
putin motion? Have we not the power under
the Constitution, and is it not our duty to exert
it? The Constitution pledges that " the United
States shall guaranty to eveiy State in thisUnion
a republican form of government." What does
that mean? Does it impose no duty upon us in
this emergency ? Two things are included in this
provision. Wc are to guaranty to each State in
this Union a government, and we are to guar-
anty that that government shall be republican in
form. In the exercise of that power we may do
whatever, in good faith, is necessary to cany it
out.
We are bound to exert this power, as well for
the protection of this Government as of the States.
It was placed in the Constitution to be used,
among others, for the very purpose for which it
is now invoked. Judge Story, in commenting
upon it, says:
Without a guarantee usurpation might rai*c its stand-
ard, and trample upon the 1 ibet ties of the people, while the
national Government could legal Iv do nothing inoie than
behold the encioachments v\ nh indignation and regret. A
successful faction might erect a tyiannyon the ruins of
ordei and law, while no =uiceor could be constitutionally
afforded by the Union to the friends and supporters of the
Government. Hut this is not all. The destruction of the
national Govcrmnt nt itself, or of nosghboitng States, might
re>ult Horn a successful rebellion in a single State."
The Constitution further provides that all the
judges in these States shall take the oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States as the
supreme law, any law of the State to the contrary
notwithstanding. These provisions make it the*
duty of this Government to see that every State
has a government, that that government is repub-
lican in form, and that the officers of that govern-
ment shall conform themselves to the Constitution
of the United States by taking the oath to support
it, the State laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
These duties cannot be neglected or left unper-
formed by Congress, with fidelity to its constitu-
tional duty. If we turn to the clause of the Con-
stitution which defines the duties and powers of
Congress, we will find that Congress has power to
" Make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution m the Government of
the United States, or any department or officer thereof."
Mr. Speaker, why, under these provisions of
the Constitution, can we not repair the difficulty
unhappily existing in Louisiana and other States
in like condition? Why can we not pass a law
that the people of Louisiana shall hold an election
for Governor and State officers ? Would that vio
late any right of Louisiana? Is it not remedial it'
its object and tendency, securing to the loyal peo-
ple of Louisiana the benefits of a regular govern-
ment? I should like to hear what objection can
be urged against it as a question of constitutional
power. I know that this is a new topic, and that
it has not been well considered by gentlemen of
this House, and hence they may be disposed to
reject it. Yet, if the Constitution is examined,
carefully examined, and the best commentates
upon it are studied, it will be found that while
the plan will restore order to the States whose
governments have been paralyzed by the incidents
of the rebellion, it does it in a mode piovided for
byourown Constitution,and will bcanotherman-
ifestation of its excellence and perfection. It is
beneficent in its purpose, and will prevent great
and dangerous disorders. And even if it be of
doubtful consistency with the Constitution, which
I think it is not, it is no more doubtful' nor half
as doubtful as the means which other gentlemen
propose.
i have prepared a bill embodying the ideas I
have endeavored to express, and will append it to
these lemaiks.
Mr. Speaker, I thank the House for its indul-
gence, and will not longer appropriate its time.
A bill to provide for the election of Representatives to Con •
giess, and foi restoring the State governments in those
States the people whereof are in rebellion against the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States, whenever he shall be
of opinion that a majority ol the eleetors of any congres-
sional distiiet in any State the people whereof are now in
rebellion against the United States, not represented in the
House of Representative*,are loyal, and in good laith desire
to be represented therein, shall by proclamation order and
direel an election theiein on some day to he named for u
Representative in Congiess ; and the same shall be held at
the places and hp conducted in the manner ptovidedfoi by
the laws of the said State as they existed on the ist day of
December, 1660; which election shall be certified find're-
turned by the ollieeis, and in the manner piovided by said
laws, to the Governoi, aetmg Governor, oi other person ad-
ministering executive authonty iherein, who shall make
and leiain a copy of the «,ime among the records of his of-
fice, and transmit the onginal lo the Speaker of the House
of Reptesentatives,and tiic per.-on elected at any such elec-
tion shall be a member of thecal House,and entitled to all
the puvileae* appertaining thereto to the end of the then
current Congress. ''•And the President is hertbyauthorized
to appoint all officers provided lor by the ^aid laws ot any
such St.ite to hold >«uch election, who --hall have the qual-
ification* preset died therein, and he governed thereby; and
all pcisous entitled to vote by the said laws shall be en-
titled to vote at any such election.
Sfc<\ 3. Jim! he it fmtker enacted. That m casre any State
described m the fust section *hall. under the apportionment
of tepiesentation made in accordance with the e< nsus of
I860, yam or to-e a member, and lequue to be ledi-trieted
m consequence thereof, it shall he lawml torthe President
of the United States to appoint live pir-on>. who shall be
citizens ol said State, to be commt<Moncr5S, wIxkc duty it
^hall be to divide the said State <ufo as many congressional
diftnct- as equals thenumbci ot Representatives'to which
said State may he entitled according to the *aid apportion-
ment; and the said commissioners -hall lepori the division
made by them in writing to the President, who shall by
proclamation give notice theieul to the people oi the State,
and the same shall be the districts entitled to cloct mem
bers ot Congress, until altered bv Congress oi the State
Leghlatuie, upon the full resolution of the State govern-
ment; and the said commissioners shall each leceive for
