768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
with1 natural resources vastly mferior-to Missouri,
with natural resources inferior to almost any one
State in the Union, except old rock-bound Mas-
sachusetts—God bless her—you see her towering
above her sisters of the Confederacy who are look-
ing with admiring eyes and longing to emulate
her example. What has been the cause of her
greatness and prosperity ? Sir, it was the far-see-
ing wisdom and foresight of the men who once
Held sway in that State—of our Jays, Clintons,
and Hamiltons, and that class of men. They
never sought to aggrandize simply the State of
N^w York. They pursued no narrow or selfish
policy. They embraced the whole Union. Why,
sir, is any man soignorantas not to know that, of
all the produce carried through the Erie canal
during the last twelve months, not more than one
fifteenth was the production of New York? The
■vast proportion in value and in tonnage was the
product of the valley of the Mississippi. It is that
policy which has made you of the West what you
are.
I listen sometimes—and I like to hear them—
to my friends from the Northwest when they
undertake to persuade us that they are thegreatest
people in the world. I am half inclined to agree j
with them; but I beg them never to forget that '
most of their population worthy of admiration or
praise but yesterday tied up their little bundle of
clothing in their pocket-handkerchiefs, or, it may
be, packed up their little trunks and left their home
in New England or the middle States, for the far
West, followed by their fathers' hopes and mo-
thers' prayers; and remember, above all, that
you owe to New England training and New York
enterprise what you are.
Now, sir, the three great agricultural States
of Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York, are sup-
posed, in the estimation of most people, to be grain-
growing States; but I assert here that the statistics
will show that during the ten years ending in 1860,
those three States did not raise wheat enough to
support their own population within six million
bushels.
Now, let me state one other fact. The Illinois
farmer who has during the last year raised a
bushel of corn five miles from the Illinois Central
railroad, and a hundred miles from Chicago, has
been enabled to net upon that bushel of corn six
and a half cents, unless he sold it in payment of
lands purchased of the Illinois Central railroad,
which allowed him fifteen cents, us I am informed;
but the actual market value of it, when raised
within five miles oft he Central railroad, and within
a hundred miles of Chicago, when rerifhing the
tide-water in New York, would not exceed six and
a half cents per bushel. The most intelligent men
who have examined this subject have stated, and
I wish the House to bear this in mind, that the
enlargement of these canals will reduce the cost of
transportation on a bushel of corn, from the Mis-
souri river to the Atlantic, at least fifteen cents.
You can readily see how it will do so. This in- [
creased capacity of the Erie canal will admit the \
passage of boats whose tonnage would be about
three times the present tonnage of the boats used
upon it, while the expense of the propelling power
and the hands employed would be but slightly
increased. So immense was the amount of pro-
visions and breadstuffs shipped through the Erie
canal last year, and so great was the demand for
transportation, that the prices of transportation
were raised neaiiy fifty per cent, above that of
preceding years; not by reason of tolls, but be-
cause the amount of produce was so groat, and
the boats and the means of transportation so lim-
ited, that those who were engaged in the business
of transportation could command and exact exorb-
itant rates of freight; and the result has been, not
that the State of New York has taken advantage
of this exigency of trade and profited by it, but
that those engaged in the carrying trade have
reaped a rich hm vest.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Has not the cffcct been
this, that whenever there has been an advance in
the price of breadstuffs in Now York there has i
been a corresponding advance in freights from the
Westf
Mr. OLIN. Certainly. Those engaged in tlie
carrying trade have, like other business men, reg-
ulated their prices according to the demand, and
will continue to do it until facilities are given to
let your produce go forward upon terms affording
a reasonable compensation; or, in other words,
until the facilities of transportation are equal to the
productive resources of your country.
Now, one other fact 1 wish to state in this con-
nection: bv reason of the limited capacity of the
canals and the great amount of breadstuffs and
provisions asking shipment from the West to the
Hudson river, at Troy, and Albany, the passage
of a canal boat from Buffalo to Troy, which usu-
ally occupies eight or nine days, during the past
year occupied from fifteen to twenty days. And
this is not extraordinary. All the boats employed
on the Erie canal last season would, if placed con-
tiguous to each other, constitute a line of more
than eighty miles in length.
I desire to say another thing in thisconnection
as to what has been the policy of the State of
New York in regard to those canals. It had its
origin in no feeling of selfishness, and no narrow-
sighted policy. For the purpose of showing what
its policy has been, I call the attention of the
House to some statistics in reference to canals of
that State, covering a period of near forty years.
In 1830, after the canal had got into operation, and
before us enlargement, the toll on a barrel of flour
from Buffalo to the Hudson river was fifty-five
cents.
Robert Pulton thought, in his day, that if the
rate did not excced one dollar, it would be a mag-
nificent endowment to the great West, as it would
open a channel to their products and enable them
to live and prosper. In 1838 the toll was reduced
to thirty-five cents; in 1846, to thirty-one cents;
in 1854 to twenty-three cents, and in 1861 to nine-
teen cents, where it has remained up to this hour.
It is true that there was one period when the
toll was reduced to fifteen cents; but the revenues
of the canal did not pay the expenses of its man-
agement and the interest on its debt, and the tolls
were put back to nineteen cents, and.the deficiency
of over five million dollars had to be made up by
a direct tax on all the people of the State of New
York, and paid to the canal fund.
Such has been the policy of the State. And
now, after having paid nearly ninety million dol-
lars for this work, in principal and interest, we
have been constantly putting down the tolls, to
meet the public requirementsand the wants of the
commercial community, to the lowest possible
rates that would ultimately secure the payment of
the canal debt. When this is paid, it is the policy
of the State to render these canals as free as the
Illinois canal willbe, subjecting whatever is trans-
ported over them to such tolls only as will be suffi-
cient to keep the canals in repair.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him what the revenues of the New York ca-
nals have been last year?
Mr. OLIN. I have not the figures before me;
but they wen? very large.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman from
New York how many months in the year are these
canals navigable, and what will be the probable
expense of this work to the United States ? These
are the points I want to get at.
Mr. OLIN. The work will onlycostg3,500,000.
The canals are open ordinarily for seven or eight
months in the year.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Will the gentleman
from New York permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. OLIN. Certainly.
Mr. WADSWORTII. I desire to know how
the gentleman obtains the estimate of cost for the
Oswego and Erie canals, for the Mississippi and
Illinois canal, and for the Lake Champlain canal ?
Mr. OLIN. In regard to the Erie and Oswego
canals, the estimate is made by the State engineer.
The question is simply one of engineering skill.
The amount and character of masonry to be con-
structed can be estimated to the fraction of a foot,
and the expense ascertained. The bill does not
propose to meddle with the Champlain canal. As
to the estimates for the Illinois canal, I will let
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] answer
the question.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Kentucky as to the
basis of the estimates for the improvement of the
Illinois canal, I will state that the most careful
and efficient survey has been made by distin-
guished engineers. They know from the canal
already in existence the entire character of the ex-
cavations. They know every foot that th$re is
of clay, every foot that there is of rubble, every
foot that there is of rock. Most accurate surveys
and calculations of the cost have been made. A
distinguished engineer, formerly of the topograph*
ical corps, was-detailed by the Government of the
United States to examine and verify the estimates
that had been already made. It is from these
sources that information in regard to the cost of
this work is obtained.
Mr. VOORHEES. May I ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question?
Mr. OLIN. Waitamoment; I wish to call the
attention of the House to a proposed amendment,
and it will connect itself with another suggestion
which I wish to make to the House on this sub-
ject. I refer to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania,[Mr. Stevens,] which
provides that before the bonds shall be issued to
the Slate of New York under this act, that State
shall transfer its property in the Erie and Oswego
canals to the Government of the United States.
All that'I have to say in regard to that amend-
ment is that it seems to me it would be a more
statesmanlike and fairer mode of meeting the ques-
tion to say to the House that the proposition to
enlarge the locks of the Erie and Oswego canals
was an unwise and improper one, and to move to
strike out that section of the bill. His amend-
ment proposes that the State of New York, after
having paid nearly ninety million dollars for these
canals, shall now, for the expenditure of the sum
of $3,500,000, cede her property in them to the
United States.
Now, New York would have cheerfully done
this work if she could have done so at the present
time. In the great exigencies in which the coun-
try is found, New Yoik would have stepped for-
ward and done this woik, as she did step forward
in this rebellion and lend the Government ninety-
five per cent, of all the money that has been lent
to it. New York does not come here in the char-
acter of a mendicant. She never has appeared in
this House in that character. Look to your past
legislation. See where New York has stood in
reference to these canals. Thank God, her sons
have dictated the policy which has developed her
own resources, and made her what she is. Why,
then, does she now wish the cooperation of the
General Government? Because this work can be
done in no other way. There was at one time the
question raised whether it was not wise and pol-
itic for the State of New York to sell her canals;
but in 1846 a new constitution was formed which
settled that question so long as that constitution
remains unchanged; and also prohibited the Legis-
lature or people from contracting any debt or ob-
ligation in reference to these canals over and above
the revenue from tolls. That is the obstacle which
stands in the way of the State doing this work.
The people would first have to assemble in con-
vention and change their constitution. It was
thought that this was a measure of such vast im-
portance to the nation that the General Govern-
ment might well be asked to attend to it. Every
dollar expended on it will be only carrying out
that grand system which develops the commer-
cial resources of the wholecountry, and will prove
alike advantageous to the citizen of Illinois and
the citizen of Massachusetts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will my colleague yield
to me?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. VOORHEES. As the gentleman from
New York, the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee, after promising to yield, so that I might
ask the gentleman from Illinois a question, de-
clined to do so, I will ask the gentleman -himself
to give me an answer to the question which I de-
sired to propound to the gentleman from Illinois.
I have listened with a degree of interest that I sel-
dom give to a epcech on this floor to the speech
of the gentleman from New York. I had some
doubts before as to the propriety of this measure.
These doubts have been deepened and confirmed.
If I ever had any idea of voting for the bill, I should
now have none at all after listening to the remarks
of the gentleman from New York.
In regard to the engineering and exploration
that have been made in reference to this proposed
work, I wish to ask this question: whether it is
not a fact that, from the mouth of the Illinois river
to St. Louis, for a great portion of the year, the
Mississippi river is navigable only for boats of the
smallest class; and whether the improrement of
