770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
bered it, in the rate of freight, exorbitant charges,
and othe'r burdens. This is the only possible way
to relieve it from those burdens.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. How does the gentleman
estimate that amount? Does he only take that
which has gone down the Mississippi river for
the purpose of exportation to a foreign market?
Mr. DAWES. I mean that which goes over.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is only one fiftieth
part that goes down that river. -
Mr. DAWES. One word^more, and I am
through. I want to say that I shall vote for the
bill notwithstanding what the gentleman from
Indiana has said.
Mr. HOLM AN. I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. DAWES. One word more, and I am done.
I want to suggest to the gentleman from Indiana
that we hold our position in this Union upon no
condition whatever. We are not to take our faith
from anybody. We are not to ask him upon what
terms we are to remain in the Union. We do not
acknowledge that we are to remain in it by un-
puruanizing ourselves. I defy the gentleman to
prescribe the terms upon which we are in the
Union, whatever may have been the difficulties
heretofore.
Mr. DIVEN. I call the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to order. His remarks have no con-
nection with this bill.
Mr. DAWES. We are tenants in common in
every battle-field of this Union. We have incor-
poreal hereditaments.
Mr. DIVEN. I call the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The remarks of
the gentleman from Massachusetts are not perti-
nent to the bill before the House; but as the de-
bate has been allowed to others the Chair will in-
dulge the gentleman from Massachusetts. The
Chair therefore overrules the point of order.
Mr. DAWES. We have incorporeal rights.
We-have our rights in the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river which cannot be partitioned. And, sir,
the bones of our sons are sleeping with the bones
of his constituents, and they will not be separated
until that great day when they will all be called to
account.
I will not undertake to detain the House on this
great national measure. The gentleman may cher-
ish what political opinions he pleases. I do not
ask him to surrender them. All these complaints
about New England have been ground into impal-
pable powder thirty years ago in the other end of
the Capitol before the assembled multitude of this
nation, and I defy the gentleman from Indiana,
with all of his skill, to galvanize them into life
again.
M r, VOORHEES. I desire to make an apology
for the gentleman from Massachusetts. I am as-
sociated with him on a committee wlvre his con-
duct is characterized with more amiability than it
has been to-day. The bad temper which he has
exhibited was drawo out by nothing I have said;
and I have no doubt that he will be ashamed of it
to-morrow, as I am sure his friends have been of
]t to-day.
Mr. DAWES. It is the normal condition of
the gentleman that he is not aware that he has
said anything offensive.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. VOORHEES. If tins be a specimen of
New England good manners 
Mr. DAWES, h is sufficient for the occasion.
Mr. VOORHEES. Not for any proper occa-
sion.
Mr. DAWES. There are certain men who, as
the Bible says, you must answer according to
itrar folly.
Mr. YOORIIEES. There is no man better ac-
quainted with folly than the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr.Speaker, so long as the
discussion between gentlemen tended tothrowany
light on the main question, I was glad to have it
continue; for, sir, it is not for the purpose of
making a speech that I rise on this occasion. I
am aware that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] only utters the sentiment of an
honest and patriotic heart when hu speaks the en-
thusiastic words which have just fallen from his
lips. My colleague [Mr. Voorhees] and he are
not the less devoted to their country because they
divide intensely on the measures of its policy.
Permit me to say, sir, that I trust in God that day
will never come when the great Northwest, with
its grand and hopeful prospects of the future, will
be separated from that portion of the Union whose
fields contain the honored dust of the Revolution,
and whose monuments perpetuate the fame of he-
roes and statesmen whose memory is even now
the best treasure of the Republic; and it is, sir,
because I would perpetuate the union of the States
still loyal to the nation, and preserve at least the
ardent hope of seeing reunited the bleeding frag-
ments of our once glorious Union upon the old
policy and foundations on which ttfey so long
stood in safety, that I rise, sir, to protest against
the passage of this bill—a measure, in my judg-
ment, full of danger to the future of the country.
I will not discuss in the spirit of my friend from
Massachusetts the claims of patriotism of the sev-
eral States; but I say to that gentleman, and I say
to this House, there must be even-handed justice
in the administration of the affairs of this nation,
if we expect the integrity of the Union to be pre-
served. It is not by establishing artificial chan-
nels of traue and by brilliant yet partial systems
of national improvement, but it is by even-handed
justice between the various sections of the Union
that Massachusetts, with all her glorious memo-
ries clustering around her, the middle States, with
their wonderful development, and the great States
which have sprung up in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi and now compete with them in the giant
race of progress, shall be through all time united
together. If I believed, sir, that the passage of
this measure would tend to knit these States more
firmly together, I should regard that as an unan-
swerable argument in favor of the appropriation
of these vast sums of money sought no w to be taken
from the public Treasury. But I do not believe
it. This scheme is not for the Union, and I was
surprised at the opening remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] the other day, when
he entertained the House by a very able discus-
sion of this subject, and presented in the most
favorable light all the arguments which can be
presented in favor of this appropriation of money.
I understood him to say that there existed in the
Northwest an organized effort to still further deep-
en the national misfortunes by separating the
States of the Northwest from the Northeast; not
to divide, but, more unfortunate still if it were
possible, to disintegrate the nation and tearitinto
bleeding fragments.
I must be permitted to call that statement in
question. It is possible, but I do not think it is
probable. 1 do not believe that there is any such
movement on foot, or that there is any society,
secret or otherwise, which proposes to disunite
the northwestern States from other States still
loyal to this Confederacy. The loyal Northwest
harbors no such brood of conspirators. Rut I say
to him that in bringing forward this measure for
uniting the Mississippi with the lakes, and thence
with the head-waters of the Hudson through the
New York canals, under the pretense of uniting
this Union more firmly, he excites a dangerous
suspicion that it is by agencies like these, instead
of by patriotism and fraternal affection and good
will, that this nation is to be united. He would
unite the nation by the strong manacles of trade
and capital, not by the stronger ties of patriotism
and national justice. Sir, it has not been by such
artificial bonds that the country has been united
during the last eighty years, but rather by patri-
otism and justice and honor—equal justice to all
the States, favoritism to none. Can we safely
reverse the old policy at such a time as this ? A
few States favored by a policy which excites ran-
cor and bitterness in others!
This measure, in its partiality, in the injustice
it works to some sections of the Union, in its un-
timely draft upon the publicTreasury—every dol-
lar of which is now needed for other and more
pressing emergencies, in arraying State against
State in the interests of trade and commerce, will
tend more to destroy the friendly relations of dif-
ferent sections of the Union than anything which
has happened in the lifetime of the Republic.
Does not the gentleman know that there are great
States occupying central positions and swaying
vast influences, like Pennsylvania, Ohio, and In-
diana, and I should add Kentucky, and others,
both North and South, which regard this meas-
ure as directly intended to impair their just rights
by changing the natural channels of commerce,
anel that too by a policy which makes them con-
tribute to their own destruction, and building up
the interests of particular Suites by overthrowing
others, and at the same time crushing down the
public credit, now so feeble as to demand the
whole resources of the nation, and concert and
union and harmony among the men everywhere
who are loyal to the Government of their fathers ?
I have before me, sir, some resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of the great State of Ohio, and
I desire, as an indication of the public sentiment
of that State* and an indication of their sense of
the impropriety of this measure, to have these
resolutions reported at the Clerk's desk.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
" Whereas, large expenditures of money will be required
for the payment ot thecurrentexpenscsof tho General Gov-
ernment, and the prosecution of the war in putting down
rebellion ; and whereas, bills have lately been introduced in
the Congress of the United States, contemplating the ex-
pendttine of a fabulous sum of money for the construction ot
a ship canal in the State of Illinois, and for the enlargement
of the canals in the State of New York; and whereas, the
true policy of the Government, in times like the present,
should be to confine its expenditures strictly to its absolute
necessities, and to «uspend all proposed improvements, and
other enterprises that are not iunnediatelxnecessary in the
prosecution of the war: Therefore,
" Be it resolved hu the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the State of Ohio, That we do hereby earnestly and
solemnly protest against the proposed ship canal in the State
of Illinois, and the enlargement of the canals in the State
of New York, or any other expenditure of money not ab-
solutely necessary for the maintenance of the General Gov-
ernment and a vigorous prosecution of the war against re-
bellion.
£k Resolved, That oirr Senators in Congress be, and are
hereby, instructed, and our Representatives requested, to
use all their power and influence against the passage of any
law looking to projects of internal improvements which are
not immediately necessary for a vigorous prosecution of the
war to a successful conclusion.
Resolved, That the Governor is hereby requested to
transmit a copy of this preamble and resolutions to eaeli of
our Senators and Representatives in Congress, with a re-
quest that a copy of* the same be laid before their respective
Houses."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Indiana whether those
resolutions passed the General Assembly or the
Senate of the State of Ohio?
Mr. HOLMAN. They passed the House of
Representatives of that State with only seventeen
dissenting voices, and the Senate with only one
dissenting voice; and I suggest, sir, that the una-
nimity of the representatives of that great State
ought to challenge the earnest consideration of
gentlemen who are pressing this measure to a final
consummation, and the pledge of millions of the
public treasure.
Resolutions substantially the same as these, as
1 am informed, were passed by the Legislature of
the gallant and loyal State of Indiana with similar
unanimity. I undertake to say, sir, that no meas-
ure has been before Congress for years past, in
reference to which in those two States there has
been such unanimity of opinion; first, because the
condition of the national finances and the public
credit does not admit of this expenditure; and,
secondly, because the measure is not intended to
promote any great national purpose, but to sub-
serve sectional and local ends and to become a
magnificent scheme of public plunder. I warn
gentlemen against this sectional animosity and
bitterness which this measure is calculated to pro-
duce. Beneficial it may be to the State of Illinois,
for that State has for years past considered this
an important measure, calculatcd to advance her
local interests; beneficial it may be to the State
of New York, for this scheme carries out the whole
system of canals, which has commanded the vigi-
lant attention and employed the resources of that
State since the days of Clinton. Illinois and New
York would prosper at the expense of their sister
States and of the public credit, and that, too, on
the miserable pretense of providing for the na-
tional defense.
If the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] in
the remarks I have already referred to, intended
to intimate that this new channel of trade, tend-
ing, not to the Gulf, but to the sea-board at New
York and Boston, would satisfy the Northwest
m being deprived of the free navigation of the
Mississippi river, or that, upon any condition or
contingency, the people of the Northwest would
be willing, in view of these facilities for reaching
the sea-board by way of the northern lakes, to
abandon their control of the Mississippi river,
hitherto their source of life and power; or if the
gentlemen from New York and New England
entertain such a belief, he and they, sir, laboi
