118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,.
37'ra Cong....3d Sess.
Frauds on the Treasury, &c.—Mr. Van WycJe.'
Ho. of Eeps.
not realize so much. "With such examples in the
chief seats in the temple is it any wonder that
frauds should be manifest, such as have lately
been examined by the Solicitor of the Treasury
Department, whereby some clerks in the apprais-
ers' department collude with brokers and mer-
chants, and for large considerations pass goods at
undervaluation ? No wonder the concern is full
of fraud, reeking with corruption. The system
wants remodeling, and the institution needs purg-
ing. The starving, penniless man, who steals
bread to save life, you incarcerate in a dungeon;
but the army of magnificent highwaymen, who
steal by tens of thousands from the people, go
unwhipped of justice, and are suffered to enjoy the
fruits or their crime. It hns been so with former
Administrations; unfortunately it is so with this.
The entire want of knowledge and apparent in-
difference as to the amount of moneys received
on the part of these gentlemen, if other facts were
excluded, might manifest a refreshing simplicity
in these times. My judgment is that we have not
yet obtained the fuli amount of the same. Let
me illustrate. In January the committee, I sup-
pose, from their high appreciation of the collector,
and enjoying his hospitality in the use of an ele-
gantly furnished room in the oustom-house, did
not swear him, itwould seem, for the printed test-
imony inserts it as the tf statement of Hiram Bar-
ney, Esq.," in which he says:
" First. In inference to the amount of moneys received
by mo by virtue of my office, I refer to the statement an-
nexed to the testimony of Mr. Ogdcn, the auditor. All the
moneys received by me, by virtue of my office, arc there
stated; and I have not derived any profit, benefit, or emol-
ument of any kind, or from any source, In consequence of
holding iny office, except as stntod therein, and by Mr. Rob-
inson, cashier. 1 desire to say, in icfurence to the com-
missions npou money-* received for State officers, that upon
my appoimment to ofllcc I was informed by my'predeces-
sor, and'! a.sceitatned on other examination, that thepeeom-
lnUsiioii-i had been allowed to andieceived by the collector
for over twenty years p:iM,and without intemipuon, under
an arrangement with tho State oflieei-i, for whose benefit'
and account they are collected. They are collected by me
fortheconvenienoe,and at the special* request,of the State
Officer, and could not well be collected by any one else. I
will alsoiidd that^ince mymenmheneyof the office of col-
lector, owing to the war and the unprecedented state of af-
fairs occasioned by it, t have been charged with very many
new duties, hoiiic of them entirely foreign to tho ordinary
functions and powers of collectors of the revenue, and in-
volving great responsibilities, foi which no indemnity or
protection is allowed oi provided by existing law*.. I have
nlso,'While acting within the line of my official duties, been
very often compelled hy the new and peculiar exigencies
incident to the war, to act with great promptness, and upon
suspicion, to seize and detain vessels and property, and oth-
erwise to exercise acts of authoiity uuder the direction of
the Government, oi in its behalf, in which f have occasion-
ally assumed great and unprecedented responsibilities in-
volving veiy heavy pecuniary risks; and I see no reason
why I should not be indemnified. There is a manifest pro-
priety that I should be included with other officers ot tho
Government in the bill of indemnity now pending before
Congress,"
lie talks like very much afllictcd patriot, who
has suffered and expects to suffer more for his
country. Wants an indemnity act. He and Floyd
should be indemnified in the same bill. A casual
reader would suppose he was accounting for all the
money he had received from the Government, but
not so, by any means. He speaks often of his
office, mid by virtue of his office.
Then, to illustrate his patriotism, self-sacrifice,
and devotion, lie parades his grievances in long
words oft repeated. lie says the unprecedented
slate of affairs ha#charged him with new duties,
foreign to the ordinary functions of collector, in-
volving great responsibility, for which no indem-
nity is allowed. He has acted with great prompt-
ness, he add*, in detaining vessels under direction
qf the Government, when lie has assumed unpre-
cedented responsibilities, involving very heavy
pecuniary risks. The collector resembles the
ostrich, who when he gets his head under the sand
thinks his body is safe.
An honest man in reading his statement would
naturally conclude this very excessive labor was
done without compensation. He speaksof seiz-
ing vessels and property; the act of 1861-62, pro-
viding for the seizure and confiscation of certain
vessels and cargoes, contained a section giving one
half of such seizures to the revenue officers, so
that he runs the same risk he does in seizing
smuggled goods—the risk of dividing one half.
That section got in the bill and passed the House
without the knowledge of the Committee on Com-
merce, who reported it, or the House, i have
been informed Mr. Jordan, the Solicitor of the
Treasury, introduced the section at the sugges-
tion of Secretary Chase, obviously for the benefit
of the collector. If lam in error on this point
I will be happy to do the parties justice.
The unprecedented state of affairs also brought
into the port of New York Government cotton.
It was necessary some one should sell—a cotton
agent must be appointed. John A.Stevens, Esq.,
a very respectable merchant of New York, offered
to take charge and sell at usual commissions,
which would be twenty-five cents per bag and ten
cents for storage; there were three thousand three
hundred and twenty-live bags. That, of course,
would cost the Government too little.
IIOW MR. BARNEY WAS APPOINTED COTTON AGENT.
Mr. Chase's friend the collector was in New
York; he knew he was receiving about thirty
thousand dollars a year for his services, and he
ought to have known that if the collector hod any
time, not required by virtue of his office, the Gov-
ernment was entitled to it without further compen-
sation. Yet he employs the collector, and makes
a contract, so the collector says, whereby he act-
ually leceived in commissions for the selling the
cotton $6,762 91 during eight months. The whole
expense, including storage, Mr. Barney says, is
$13,851 12, These facts were communicated a
few days since by the Secretary to the Senate in
answer to a resolution of that body. See the long-
worded , mock philanthropy of the collector when
he tulked about his labor and risks. Tho risk in
selling the cotton was the same as the other risks
—that of getting money. According to his own
evidence he realizes about forty thousand dollars
per annum.
When the Secretary of the Treasury appointed
Barney Government cotton agent, he did that,
for which unless explained, he deserves the cen-
sure of the people. In the name of a dividing
country and bankrupt Treasui y, what has Hiram
Barney done for this nation that he should have
a carte blanche to dive into the Treasury as far and
as often as he desires ? Forty thousand dollars
per annum! Must 1 submit to so glaring an out-
rage,and be told,as I often have, that the revela-
tion will injure my party and political friends?
That is not my party—those are not my politi-
cal friends who will allow or tolerate such prac-
tices. Did not the Secretary know that the ar-
duous duties of the collector had rendered his mind
vei y weak? Why impose the labor of taking
nearly seven thousand dollars more from tho
Treasury on a man already overburdened ? It was
cruel; indeed itwas. Mr. Chase must have known
that the collector was very obnoxious to most of
the merchants in New York, and many believe
he is entirely incompetent for the duties necessary
by virtue, of his office. Why then superadd those
of cotton agent?
Sir, there is but little difference whether armed
rebels destroy us in front, or polished, amiable
gentlemen cat out our substance in the rear.
THE LABOR CONTRACT.
Before 1859 the collector employed the labor-
ers in the appraiser's store and cartmen to haul
goods. A contract was made in August of that
year with Collector Schell, affirmed by Howell
Cobb, then Secretary of the Treasury, and Wm.
N. Melntire and his associates, for three years,
to perform such labor for $123,000 per annum.
Upon this contract the parties made from fifty
to seventy-five thousand dollars yearly. Yet they
claimed that, notwithstanding their large profits,
the Government saved several thousands annually.
This shows the criminal arid wicked disregard of
their duties by former collectors, for there is no
reason why the collector could not have done the
work as cheaply as the contractors, thereby saving
the contractors' profits to the Government. It
only illustrates the corruptions of this Augean
stable of the nation. Many Democrats opposed
this contract and tried to have it annulled, but
failed.
IIOW AND WIIY THE CONTRACT WAS TRANSFERRED.
The evidence shows the mode of the transfer
of this contract. The previous holders found it
necessary to introduce Republicans as part own-
ers, hoping thereby to palm the thing upon this
Administration. They state distinctly that was
their object, and they sought to arrange it in such
a way as to secure a renewal. Accordingly the
law office of Barney, Butler & Parsons was sought
The transaction was partially a sham. One or two
of the Democrats went out, and Republicans were
included to share the bounty. Mr. Butler was
the professional adviser. He says " $20,000 was
the nominal price." Mr. Simon Stevens paid one
half. Hcevidently did notadvance all the money,
for Mr. Stevens had only one eighth of the profits.
Mr. Bixby, a former ownei, had three eighths still
retained. That explains Mr. Stevens's one half-
Mr. Wyman, the ostensible partner, evidently did
not own the other half, for the evidence shows he
took no interest in the contract; never went neaj
the business; did not advance any money. Who,
in fact, owns the other half is still a mystery. Mr.
Butler's check was given for $10,000, Mr. Wy-
man's share. Mr. Butler drew Mr. Wyman's
share of the profits, and he swears: " My knowl-
edge of him (Wyman) led to his being selected,
with the consent of all parties, to act as attorney
in conjunction with Mr. Stevens, and to take the
transfer jointly with him." It was then supposed
this arrangement would secure its renewal, but
when the matter was considered by Secretary
Chase he refused to give it further vitality.
One very significant circumstance tending to
throw some light on the question of real interest
in this contract is the fact that the contractors had
such unlimited control over Collector Barney. R.
W. Blatchford, Esq., testifies to the fact of Mr.
Stevens'sentirecontrol ovcrMr. Barney to remove
any clerks who said aught against this contract.
I will not point this evidence; every one who
reads it can do so. Some one was interested in tho
one half for which the $10,000 check of Mr. But-
ler was given, evidently not Mr. Wvman; and
Mr. Butler does not say it was himself. Under
Mr. Schell, Melntire, Bixby & Co., tho contract-
oYs, had large order stores on the North river side.
By the last shuffle Messrs. Bixby & Co., were
suffered to retain them.
The collector has the selection of the general
orderstorcs. It appears the Democratic firm were
informed that unless they surrendered part of the
contract they would lose the general order busi-
ness. The suggestion was potential. Someone
.must have spoken to them as by authority from
Mr. Barney.
MR. BUTLER'S TESTIMONY.
Great tenderness was shown to Mr. Butler by
the members of the committee who examined him.
True,ten oath was administered, but he was asked
only three questions—first, his residence; second,
if he had read the testimony of the committee;
and third, if he would like to make a statement.
Could anything be more agreeable ? And although
Mr, Butler spoke of the parties in interest whom
he represented, yet he was not asked who were
those parties. Trying to suppress the evidence
was bad; holding thescssions inthecustom-house,
in a room furnished by tho parties arraigned,
where persons would go with much reluctance to
furnish evidence, was bad; but if possible, the
manner of examining Mr. Butler was worse. In
justice to myself, I must say I was not present at
the examination.
The negotiating of this contract in Mr. Bar-
ney'slaw office, and the control over his removals
and appointments by the contractors, making al-
legiance to this contract a test of fitness for office,
seems explicable only on one theory.
If no other good results than the abrogation of
that contract, much has been accomplished; for
Mr. Barney in January stated that it would save
$37,000 annually to the Treasury. There can be
no doubt that the contract system would save still
rnoYe if properly let to the lowest bidder, and not -
given as a reward to personal and political favor-
ites.'
GENERAL ORDER STORES.
The remaining subject of inquiry was as to the
general order stores. There are many bonded
warehouses in New York city, but few general or-
der stores. This branch of business in some dis-
tricts is very piofitable and sought for keenly.
Every vessel one day after arrival is entitled todis-
charge goods under a general order,and the stores
receiving such goods bear the name; and all goods
on which duty is not paid or taken in the .short
space of one day must of necessity go into these
