1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
under a most terrible and dangerous delusion.
The North west will never, never consent to such
a result. The Northwest will hold that river to
the Gulf at every sacrifice of life and treasure;
and when gentlemen propose to reconcile the
Northwest to an abandonment of its great natural
thoroughfare by creating these artificial channels
of communication, they misapprehend the spirit
and temper of the entire valley of the Mississippi.
Sir, the prosperity and power of the Northwest
are indissolubly united with the free navigation of
the Mississippi river. It is a right we never can
or will abandon. The fertile fields of the West
can never find another outlet for their products
without being rendered sterile by the grinding
avarice of the capitalists who will control these
artificial channels. With such channels only the
increased price of oar products only increases the
cost of transportation. Sixty millions annually
will not compensate the Northwest for the em-
bargo on her trade with theGuIf. HaveNewYork
and New England suffered thus from the war?
Mr. ARNOLD. The gentleman from Indiana
expressed very strongly—and I concur fully with
him in- that expression—the determination of the
West to hold the Mississippi at all hazards, and
under all circumstances. Never, under any cir-
cumstances, will we abandon the mouth of the
Mississippi, and he could not have understood
me as expressing any other sentiment. No, sir;
the people of the Northwest will never surrender
the mouths of that river; and it is because of the
very strength of the tie by which the Mississippi
holds the Union together that I wish to see an-
other Mississippi starting from St. Paul and run-
ning to New York and Boston; and when that
shall be accomplished, we shall hear members
everywhere upon the line of that great water-
course expressing the same sentiments of devo-
tion to the whole Union which the gentleman has
so eloquently expressed to-day. When this work
shall have been accomplished by enlarging these
canals, no effort of any sectional or local party
will ever succeed in separating one section of our
glorious Union from the other; but it will all,
East and West, North and South, beheld together
by bonds which no traitor will ever be able to
sever.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is pretended, Mr. Speaker
—for it is a only pretense—that these canals are
necessary for national defense, for introducing
vessels of war from the Mississippi and the Hud-
son to the lakes. I believe that the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] ardently as he has
supported thiss measure, would shrink fx*om the
idea of taking from the nation at this time millions
of treasure for the purpose of opening this new
channel for commercial purposes only. I have heard
no gentleman dare to advocate that. The ami-
able gentleman who stands at the head of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Olin,] has not
dared openlyand plainly to advocate these ap-
propriations upon the ground that they are neces-
sary for a convenient increase of the commcrcial
channels of the country. Military necessity is the
ground upon which these appropriations are
sought. Sir, when the gentleman denounced, with
so much bitterness and llliberality, a report made
to this House by one of its standing committees—
a committee having upon it at least two members
from his own State—when he represented the re-
port of that committee as a tissue of falsehood
and misrepresentation, it seemed to me strange
that the mam idea of that very report should be
embodied in the report of his own committee,
upon which this measure is sought to be forced
through Congress. I find that the report sub-
mittefto Congress on the 20th of Februray, 1862,
by Hon. F. P. Blair, jr., then chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, embodies the
leading idea of the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to say that the gentleman
has, undoubtedly unintentionally, misstated what
I said. I did not use the term " falsehood.5'
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the gentleman used the
term "misrepresentation"or" misstatement." It
is a mere question of words. The idea conveyed
is exactly the same. Now, I find that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs made the following report
in regard to the necessity of these works for na-
tional defense. Speaking of the defense of the
northern lakes, the report says:
"Tlie shores of the*** Ukes are covered with timber suit-
able for ship-building, and m nearly all the ports are build-
ers and ship-carpenters, and in many engine and machine
shops capable of furnishing large-sized engines of all kinds
required for the propulsion of vessels. To the&e sources
we have mainly to look in case of a war for the means of
providing those naval forces required for the protection of
our commerce and the shores of these inland waters."
That is the very idea that is carried out all
through the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that you cannot look to these artificial
channels—the New York canals and the proposed
canal from the Mississippi river to Lake Michi-
gan—for the purpose of furnishing defense for Che
northern lakes in the event of a war with Great
Britain or any other maritime Power, but that you
must rely on the resources and materials upon
the borders of those lakes.
I have read with a great deal of care all the re-
ports upon this subject; and I say that a fairer,
abler, or more impartial report, has not been made
to the present Congress than the one of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs upon this very subject.
I will read their conclusions:
u In view of the foregoing considerations, the committee
are of the opinion—
"First. That'the cheapest, most expeditious, and reli-
able mode of placing war vessels upon Lake Ontario and
the other great lakes, should a necessity for doing so at any
time arise,' is to launch them in the first place upon those
waters.
" Second. That it is not necessary, nor is it expedient,
for the purpose aforesaid, to establish water communica-
tions, adapted to the parage of vessels of war, from other
waters to the lakes."
Thus, sir, according to the report of at least
one of the standing committees of this House—an
impartial committee, not organized for or against
this scheme—we are to look to the northern lakes
themselves as possessing the necessary resources
upon which we must rely for our defense in case
of a war with any naval Power upon the great
inland seas of the North.
Referring to the past history of our country
upon this subject, we find that in the war of 1812,
when our Navy amounted to almost nothing, and
when England had invaded those waters, we were
not only prepared to meet her there, but in the
course of a very short time, by the agencies, and
facilities, and materials which the lakes them-
selves furnished, we were able to drive Great
Britain dishonored from the face of those northern
waters. I find the following statement in the re-
port of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and it is
from one of the standard histories of the country:
"Throughout the year 1819 both countues were amazed
to dit-cover that on the ocean, where it was said not a sail
was to be spread but by English peimission, the Ameucan
marine, both commercial and military, suffered less iivjmy
and inflicted more th.m that of Great Britain. Butthh char-
acter by sea sunk as low and as fast as American character
aio<-e.
By the heroism of a young man, Oliver Hazaid Perry,
of Rhode Island, the tide of American success was at once
turned from ebb to flood. Without a spar when lie began
to cope with a comma ruling Britis.h f-quadron on Lake Li ie,
Peirv iaiced a fleet from the surrounding forests, and in a
single summei, extinguished forever the power of Great
Britain on the Aineucan lakes."
And now, when those lakes are covered with
strong vessels engaged in the lake commerce,
which could be convei led almost at once into ves-
sels of war—our commercial navy being as four
to one of that of Great Britain on those lakes—
we are told that it is only by taking gunboats front
the Mississippi and Hudson rivers through a canal
into the northern lakes that we can resist the vast
and overwhelming power of Great Britain.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would ask the gentleman
whether he really thinks there is anybody in fa-
vor of this bill ? He seems to be arguing it with
earnestness and zeal. I had not supposed that
there was anybody in favor of this bill. I would
like to know his opinion upon that point. It strikes
me that the expenses of this war will be quite as
much as this Government or this people can bear
withoutgoinginto thisenterprise. I wish to know
whether the gentleman is merely making a speech
for effect or whether he really supposes that the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin,] or any
other gentleman here, is in earnest in urging the
passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have heard the gentleman
from Pennsylvania imperfectly. I say, however,
that if it were not for the pertinacity with which
this measure is pressed; if it were not for the ap-
pearance of a large lobby element about this Cap-
itol; if it were not that for days and weeks and,
I might almost say, for months and months, ex-
traordinary means have been resorted to to secure
the passage of this bill, £ Should sa-y, with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that when the nation
is groani ng under taxation and its very life at stake:'
and its credit trembling to its fall, a measure" like
this, proposing an appropriation for commercial
purposes of from sixteen to forty-five million dol-
lars, was the extreme of folly and madness.
I trust the gentleman from Pennsylvania is cor-
rect. But I believe it is determined that this bill
shall pass, and another page of reckless and vis-
ionary legislation added to our history.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should have been very glad
to yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Has the gentle-
man from Indiana concluded his remarks ?
Mr. McPHERSON. I object to interruption.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not propose
to interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is un-
able to ascertain whether the gentleman from In-
diana has concluded or not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not. I was proposing
to yield, with unusual good nature, to tne gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. F. A. Conkling,]
but objection is made. I am a little surprised, Mr.
Speaker, at the restiveness of my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Kellogg] on this subject. I hold in
my band, sir, a report made by Colonel J. D.
Webster, who 1 find was detailed,as was said by
the chairman of the Military Committee, for the
purpose of making estimates of the cost of this
work on the Illinois canal. There are some very
extraordinary things about these estimates. I
look at the estimates made and reported to this
House by the War Committee, and I find 
Mr. McPHERSON. Not the War Committee
as now organized. I wish the gentleman to make
that qualification.
Mr. HOLMAN. I find that the estimates for
the completion of the Illinois canal showed the
cost to be £13,346,824; and I find, also, that when
this Colonel J. D. Webster, the officer of so much
skill and intelligence in engineering, is called upon
to perform the task of making his estimates of the
expense of this work, he singularly and strangely
enough figures out exactly the same sum, without
the slightest variation. How did that report come
to be made? AVho authorized this Colonel J. IX
Webster to leave the military service of the coun-
try for the purpose of making this investigation?
Not Congress; for, although this gentleman was
so detailed while this measure was pending before
Congress, not even the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Arnold] proposed thata commission should
be created for the purpose of preparing estimates
of the cost of this work. But it would seem that
the President or the Secretary of War assumed
the responsibility of detailing this officer to make
these estimates, and to urge on Congress the adop-
tion of this scheme by the report which I hold in
my hand.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is manifest to everybody
that these estimates have been got up for the pur-
pose of securing, if possible, the passage of this
bill. They are net fair, genuine, bona fide esti-
mates of the cost of the work, but gotten up for
the occasion. The very fact that two sets of en-
gineers, both in the interest of the enterprise, ar-
rive at precisely the same result without the vari-
ation of a dollar, shows the combination. This
Colonel J. D. Webster, a citizen of Illinois, I be-
lieve, the agent of the President and Secretary of
War—not the agent of Congress which had this
measure pending before it--who has been abandon-
ing service in the field and coming here to make
I an argument in favor of the passage of this bill to
1 create new commercial channels and promote the
local interests of Illinois, adopts exactly the same
estimates that weie made by two other gentlemen,
whose interests are probably largely involved in
the expenditure of these $13,000,000, being, as
they are, the secretary and engineer of the Illi-
nois and Michigan canal. He says that he found
the data which they had used, from an examin-
ation of which, with full information as to their
sources, he was perfectly satisfied that, for the
purpose of his report, no further survey was ne-
cessary. Certainly!
