1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Utah and the Mormons—Mr. Oradlebaugh.
Ho. of Reps.-
stores, notwithstanding the merchant could have
them stored in a bonded warehouse for half the
price. The proof is that general order charge is
m many eases doublo that of bonded stores. It is
to the interest of the collector's friends thatgoods
should be hurried into the general order stores,
and of the merchants to prevent it.
These general order stores are in the gift of the
< ollector, and he can distribute them as interest or
friendship dictates. Mr. Bruce, a deputy col-
lector, endeavored to convey the impression that
the collector could be guilty of no favoritism, that
he had no power of selecting. He said," by direc-
tion of the collector the goods go in every instance
into the nearest store of the district-," whereas
Mr. Barney swears that he does select, and has a
principle which governs him, " that the location
shall be convenient to_the place where the goods
which go to the general order stores are landed,5'
&c. While the fact is that in some districts he
does not even make the selection, bountifully be-
stowing upon those who have no stores and do not
intend to have any, but sell the privilege to men
who have.
novel mode of extortion.
These parties have extorted in some cases thirty
per cent, fiom those who formerly had the busi-
ness, in order to retain it. Of this there can be no
doubt; the evidence is abundant. So that Mr.
Bruce is wrong when he alleges the nearest store
must be chosen. Mr. Barney is wrong when he
says he selects and has a rule for selecting; while
the truth is he places the privilege in irresponsible
hands, and they vend it to those who will submit
to the cxaction. Such men would probably sell
their country in the markets of the world if they
could give a title. This practice never prevailed
under any other collector. Mr. Barney knew of
these extortions; at least he was written to upon
the subject, and never checked the abuse; and
thirty per cent, was paid by several merchants tfs
a condition of enjoying the business—a sale of
ofiices of the Government for which Mr. Barney
long ago should have been driven from his seat
in the customs. He must have known it; it was
his duty to know. He knew the persons to whom
he gave it neither owned nor occupied stores, and
did not intend to. He ought to have known it was
only to be used as a means of wringing money
from others.
Let me say here that it has not been attempted
to contradict much of/he evidence taken in March.
It was known to the revenue officers; and their at-
tempt to contradict a portion and not others leaves
the conclusion irresistible that its contradiction j
was impossible. j
I have already alluded to the disagreement be- I
tween the committee and myself, 1 also regret
that the committee should have delayed making
a final report to so late a day that it was impos-
sible to have it printed and acted upon by the
House at this session. Of course I could not ob-
tain consent to make a minority report until the
majority had teportud. j
The report was promised for Saturday the 28th, ;
. then it was deferred until Monday. Monday came, '
but no repent. On Tuesday it was in readiness.
The co mmittce had a right to report it at any time.
I begged of tliem4o do so until midnight of the
3d of March, when I demanded peremptorily to
know whether the report would be presented.
Shortly after it was, when a minority report pre-
pared by myself was submitted.
it is somewhat lemarkable, when the evidence
taken since the last session has been but little and
on few subjects, yet the1 whole term passes until
within twelve hours of its clooe without an at-
tempt to make a icpoit. 1, of couise, could >,ot
speak on this subject until my own report eon- |
taining the evidence was submitted, and the sub- 1
jeet called up for consideration. Such not having :
been done, I availed myself of the only way to be i
heard, and obtained permission to print my speech. '
So there may be no misunderstanding, however,
1 state distinctly that I hold myself responsible
for everything contained in my speech or report,
and any gentleman wl*B f:els himself aggrieved ;
can obtain redress in an}' form his fancy Rug- I
gests. i feel constrained to say this in conse- !
f^uence of so many idle and cowardly threats which j
have been made. I know I have been arraigned I
for daring to makeexposuresin regard to my own I
party. It has been claimed they should have the
same immunity to steal as was enjoyed by pre-
vious Administrations. I know no party alle-
giance where fealty is exacted by fear to do right,
or unwillingness to admit the wrong. I hadhoped
that the corruptions and vices of past political
power were to be discarded. We have promised
the people such should be the case, yet it proved
the word of promise to the" ear only to be broken
to the hope.
It was doubly my duty, because the party to
which I belonged, the Administration I aided to
elect, would beheld responsible, and properly so,
for all matters of censure and complaint. If my
own brother steals or commits murder, 1 feel more
keenly the crime and am more disgraced than
when done by a stranger or enemy. I have a
right to demand that my own friends shall aid in
checking so great outrages; at least, they shall
refrain from committing them. An honest Exec-
utive is well, but it is of little avail if those in sub-
ordinate positions are allowed free course iti the
gratification of the most unholy passions, i am
aware that much of the grand larceny done in and
out of office has been by those not of the Repub-
lican party, but they seem to have thoroughly
taught the mystery to their new pupils. It is
no solace to our feelings that many of the frauds
lately committed were by those who had been
taught at the feet of Democratic Gamaliels, and
that those who have obtained splendid contracts
and heavy commissions are of those who believe
the world is governed too much. Yet,as a mem-
ber of the Republican party and a friend of the
Administration, I feel that we have their sins to
carry, and I desire here to remonstrate. The
neck begins to chafe where the yoke of this heavy
burden is borne.
The Administration has feared to drive such
men from its door, lest hostility should be aroused
against it. That which they supposed strength
has been the great source of weakness. With a
single exception, when has one of these men been
com t-martialed oi punished ? To-day tliry have
injured the Republic more than the South in arms.
Had they been arrested and placed under the gal-
lows or ill Port La Fayette your Army would have
been stronger, your people at home more united.
No wonder that your soldiery and their friends
are dissatisfied. They cannot appreciate the
patriotism of stealing. Your Army, for a mere
monthly pittance, depiivcd ofall the luxuries and,
at tim' t>, the necessaries of life, enduring all the
privations of camp and the dangers of battle, while
they see base men making mockery of the misfor-
tunes of the nation, unchecked and unpunished,
coining gold from the tears and sighs of the peo-
ple. These things produce more distrust than
change of commanders or circulation of newspa-
pers. Some professing friendship for the Admin-
istration, if they cannot have full sway in shaping
its policy, directing its appointments, and control-
ling the pi under, must be allowed, forsooth, to form
new party organizations. Still, in this time of
trial, loyal men can only hope for better times.
In this crisis the Administration and Government
are the same, and they cannot desert the one with-
out betraying the other. We have a right, how-
ever, to ask the Administration to subdue the
army of public plunderers at home, and we will
go forth with a stronger heart and firmer hope to
defend the lla.g as it sways to and fro in the storm
and whirlwind of battle.
utah axd tiic moltmons.
SPEECH OF II ON. J. Cn A JQLEB A (JGII,
Oi XLVADA,
lx hie Ilotm; or rnnief.evi a rn b«,
February 7, 1803,
rin tlie admission (it Utah as a ^tute.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Mr. Speaker, having
resided for some time among th" Mormons, become
acquainted with their ecclesiastical polity, their
habits, and their crimcs, I feel that 1 would not
be discharging my duty if I failed to impart such
information as I have acquired ill regard to this
people in our midst who are building up, consol-
idating, and daringly carrying out a system sub-
versive of the Constitution and laws, and fatal to
morals and true religion.
The remoteness of Utah from the settled regions,
of our country, and the absence of any general
intercourse between the Mormons and the masses,
of our people, have served to keep the tatter in al-
most complete ignorance of the character and de-;"
signs of the former. That ignorance, pardonable'
at first, becomes criminal when the avenues to,a'
full knowledge are open to us.
Mormonism is one of the monstrosities of tlia
age in which we live. It seems to have been left'
for the model Republic of the world, for the nine-
teenth century, when the light of knowledge is
more generally diffused than ever before, when in
art, science,and philosophy we have surpassed all
that ages of the past can show, to produce an idle,
worthless vagabond of an impostor, who heralds
forth a creed repulsive to every refined mind, op-
posed to every generous impulse of the human
heart, and a faith which commands a violation of
the rights of hospitality, sanctifies falsehood, en-
forces the systematic degradation af woman, not
only permits, but orders, the commission of the
vilest lusts, in the name of the Almighty God him-
self, and teaches that it is a sacred duty to com-
mit the crimes of theft and murder. It is surprising
that such faith, taught, too, in the coarsest ana
most vulgar way, should meet with any success.
Yet in less than a third of a century it girdles the
globe. Its missionaries are planted mevery place.
You find tliem all over Europe, thick through
England and Wales, traversing Asia and Africa,
and braving the billows of the southern oceans to
seek proselytes. And, as if to crown its achieve-
ments, it establishes itself in the heart of one of
the greatest and most powerful Governments of
the world, establishes therein a theocratic govern-
ment overriding all other government, putting the
laws at defiance, and now seeks to consummate
and perpetuate itself by acquiring a State ^.sover-
eignty and by being placed on an equality with
^tlie other States of tile Union.
Mormonism is in part a conglomeration of illy
cemented creeds from other religions, and in part
founded upon the eccentric pi'oduction of one
Spaulding, who, having failed as a preacher and
shopkeeper, undertook to write a historical novel.
He had a smattering of biblical knowledge, and
chose for his subject " the history of the lost
tribes of Israel." The whole was supposed to be
communicated by the Indians,and the last of the
series was named Mormon, representing that he
had buried the book. It wasadull, tedious,interm-
inable volume, marked by ignorance and folly.
The work was so flat, stupid, and insipid, that no
publisher could be induced to bring it before the
world. PoorSp'auldingatlengtliwenttohisgrave,
and the manuscript remained a neglected roll in
the possession of his widow.
Then arose Joe Smith, more ready to live by
his wits than by the labor of his hands. Smith
had, t-arly in life, manifested a turn for pious
frauds. He had figured in several wrestling
matches with the devil, and had been conspicuous
in giving in eventful experiences in religion at
certain revivals. Me announced that he had dug
up the book of Mormon which taught the true
religion; this was none other than poor Spauld-
ing's manuscript which he had purloined from the
widow. In his hands the manuscript became the
basis of Mormonism. Joe became a prophet; the
founder of a religious sect; the president of u
swindling bank; the builder of the city of Nauvoo;
mayor of the city; general of the armies of Israel;
candidate for President of the United States, and
finally a martyr, as the Saints choose to call him.
But the truth is that his villainies, together with
the villainies of his followers, brought down upon
him the just vengeance of the people of Illinois
and Missouri, and lus career was brought to an
end by his being shot while confined in jail in
Carthage. It was unfortunate that such was his
end, for his followers raised the old cry of mar-
tyrdom and persecution; and, as has always
proved, "the blood of the martyr was the seed
of tile church."
Mormonism repudiates the celibacy imposed
by the Catholic religion upon its priesthood, and
takes in its stead the voluptuous impositions of
the Mohammedan church. Itpreaches openly that
the more wives and children its men have in this
world, the purer, more influential, and conspicu-
ous will they be in the next; that wives, chii-
