no
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
31"ra Cong....3d Sess.
TJtah and the Mormons—Mr. Cradlebaugh.
Ho. of Reps.
dren, and property will not only be restored, but
doubled in the resurrection, it adopts the use of
prayers for the dead, and baptism,as a part of its
creed. Mormons claim to be favored, with mar-
velous gifts—the power of speaking in tongues,
of casting out devils, of curing the sick, and of
healing the lame and the halt. They claim that
they have a living prophet, seer, and revelator
■who holds the keys of the kingdom of heaven,
and through whose intercession alone access can
be had. They recogr ize the Bible, but they in-
terpret it for themselves, and hold that n is sub-
ject to be changed by new revelation, which, they
say, supersedes old revelation. One of their doc-
trines is that of continued progression to ultimate
perfection. They say God was but a man, who
went on developirvgand increasing until lie reached
hts present high capacity; and they teach that
Mormons will be equal to him; in a word, that
good Mormons will become gods. They teach
the shedding of blood for the remission of sins,
or, in other words, that if a Mormon apostatizes
his throat shall be cur, and his blood poured out
upon the ground for the lemission of his sin.
They also practice other revolting doctrines, such
as are only curried out in polygamous countries,
which isevidenced bya number of mutilated per-
sons in their midst. They hold that the prophet's
revelations are binding upon their consciences,
and that they are bound to obey him in all ihings.
They say that the earth and the fullness thereof
is the Lord's; that they are God's chosen people
on earth; that their mission on earth is to take
charge of God's pioperty, and, as faithful stew-
ards, that it is their duty to obtain it, and are
taught that, in obtaining it, they must not get in
debt to the Lord's enemies for ii; in other words,
they teach that it is a duty to rob and steal from
Gemtfes. They have oil ristened themselves " The
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter D?iy Saints."
They claim that Mormonism is to go on spread^
ing until it oV( rthrows all the nations of the eat th,
and, if necessary for its accomplishment, its suc-
cess shall be consummated by the sword; that
Jackson comity, Missouri, is to be the sent of em-
pire of the Mormon church; that hence the Mor-
mons are to he finally gathered, and that from that
Zion shall proceed a power that will dethrone
kings, subvert dynasties, and subjugate all the
tuitions of the earth.
I have said that their doctrines were repulsive
to every refined tmml. Every other false faith
which has reigned its evil lime upon this goodly
woild of ours has had some kindly and ledeem-
in;; feaiuies. Even the semi-theocmcy of the
Aztecs, us Presc.oU tells you, disfigured as it was
by hon id and bloody rites, was not without them.
Buddhism and Brahmanism, with all their mis-
shapen fable, still inculcated, in no srrmll degree,
a puie code of morals. Nor is the like assertion
untrue of Mohammedanism. It was reserved for
Mormonism, far otF in the hosotn of our beloved
land, to rear its head, naked in all its hideous
d« foimity, and unMushingly, yes, defiantly, pio-
ciaim a ereed without the least redeeming leatme,
and of such character that the Thugism of India
cannot match it.
So at vai lance is the practice of polygamy with
all the instincts of humanity, that it has to be
pressed upon the people with the greatest assiduity
as a partof their religious duty. It is astonishing
with what pertinacity through all their " sermons
and discourses" it is justified and insisted on.
Threms, enueaties, persuasions, and commands,
are continually brought in play toenforce itsoheer-
ful observance. So revolting is it to the women,
that to aid in its enforcement they are brutalized,
their modesty destroyed by coarse, low, vile, vul-
gar expressions, such as I could not repeat, and
wou'd not ask the Clerk to read in youi heanng.
If, however, my conjugal friend, the Delegate from
Utah, will undertake such task, L will most cheer-
fully furnish them forhim; certainly he ought not
to in sitate. If they are proper to be repeated be-
fore large congregations of women and children
in Salt Lake City, the representative of the church
ought not to be abashed at reading them to this
House. Will the Delegate from Utah read them ?
CONDITION OF TI1E WOMEN.
✓ But their teachings, officially reported by them-
selves, give you a -better nlea of their estimation
of woman than anything I could say. I shall read
to you from a few of their sermons on this sub-
ject, only observing that you may pick other pas-
sages inculcating similar doctrines, containing like
threats, rebukes, and complaints, in nearly every
sermon published in the church organ.
President J. M. Grant, in a sermon delivered
September 21,1856, reported in the Deseret News,
(volume 6, page 235,) said:
"And we have women here who like anything but the
celestial law of God; and, if they could, would break asun-
der the cable of the church of ChrKt; there Is scaieely a
mother in I-rae} but would do it this day. And they talk
it to their husband-*, to their daughters, and to their neigh-
bor*, and say that they have not been a week's happiness
since they became acquainted with that law, or since their
husband took a second wife. They want to break up the
church of God, and to break it from their husbands and
from their family connections."
President Brigham Young, in a sermon deliv-
ered the same day, reported in the same paper,
said:
(t Now for my proposition ; it is more particularly for
my slSrers, as it is frequently happening that women sny
that they ate unhappy. Men will say,' my wife, though a
most excellent woman, has not seen a happy day since I
took my second wite;' 4 No, not a happy day for a year,'
says one ; and another ha* not seen a happy day for five
years. It is said that women are tied down and abused;
"that they are moused, and have not the liberty they ought
to have ; ihat many of ihem are wading through a perfect
Hood of tear*, because of the conduct of some men, together
wiih their own folly.
" I wish iny women to understand that what I am going
to say is- for them, as well as all others, and I want those
who aic here to fell their sinters, yes, all the women of this
community, and then vviite it back to the States, and do
a- you plens-e with it. ( am going to give you from this
lime until the 6th dav of October next tor reflection, that
you may determine whether you wish to stay with your
husbands or not, and then i am going to set every woman
at liberty, and -ay to them, Miowgopm way, my women
Willi the nw, go your wa.v.' And my wives have got to do
one of two things: either round up their -shoulder to en-
dure the atHu-iion- of Hits world and live then religion, or
they may h-avu, lor I will not have them about mo. i will
go intoJjeaven alone, rather than iiave sci niching and fight-
mir around me. I will set al at liberty. ' What, first wife,
ton?" Ye?, I will liberate you all.
u I know what m\ women will --ay; they will say, ' you
can have a-- mativ woim-u as you please, tingham.' But I
want to go -omewhere and do something to"gct ud of the
winner ; I do not want them to receive a pait of the, truth
and spurn the te.-t out of doors." * * * *
''Let eveiy man tltu- treat hh wives, keeping raiment
enough to clothe In-- bodj ; ami say to j our vn ive«,' u«e all
th.it I have and he  et al liheity; but if yon stay with me
you shall comp'v with the law of God, and thai, too, with-
out any nunuituingaud whining. You mun lulfill the law
of God in every re-pet t, and round up your bhoulders, to
walk up to the inark without any gnurtimr.'
'• Now. rccolii ci, that iwo week* from to morrow I am
going to set you all .U liberty. But the first wife will say,
1 it haul, lor 1 li.ivc hved with my iuMiand twenty year.*,
or thirty, and tinvc tai-ed a laniMvof eluldien ioi him,and
it a gr cat iii.it to me lor turn to "have uioie women then
I *-i\y it i« time thai you gave him up to other u omen who
will heat children. Il my wife had borne me all the chil-
dren that she evei would heai, the celestial law would
teach mo to take young women that would have children."
" Sisters, I am not jokmtr; I do not throw out my prop-
osition to banter your leelin<r>, to bee whether you will
leave your Inii-baiaK all or an\ of yon. But f do know that
thtie i> no cev.uion totheevei!a tin£rwhintngsofmany of
the women in tin- Teriitory. And il the women will turn
from the C'>mm<uidmeui> of God ami com nme to de-pise the
Older of Heaven, I will prav ihat the cur^e of the Almighty
mav be elo-e to their heel-, and that it mny be following
them all the day long. And tho-e that euter'iuto it and are
faithful, I will promise them that ihey fahall be queens in
heaven and rulers to all eternity."
President Heher C. Kimball, in a discourse de-
livered in the Tabernacle, November 9, 1856,
(Deseret News, volume 6, page 291,) said:
" I have no wife or child that has any right to rebel against
me. it they violate my law- and rebel again>tnie, they will
get into tjoublc )U--t a- qui< KJya- tlVough they transgressed
the counsels and teachings of* Brother Bngham. Doe^ it
give a woman a light to mh Kgan.st me because she is my
wife? No ; but it ^ her duty to do m> will as I do the will
of my Father and nn God. It is the duty of woman to be
obedient to her husband, and unless <he is, I would not give
a damn toi all her queenly i is'U and auUiout>. nor lor her
either, it '-he will qnarn I ami lie about the work of God and
the principle ot plurality.
" A disregard o''plain and correct teachings is the reason
whv so many aie dead and damned, and twice plucked up
by the roots, and I would as soon baptize the devil as some
of you."
October G, 1855, (volume 5, page 274,) Kim-
ball said:
" If you oppose any of the works of God you will culti-
vate a <pn it of apostasy. If you oppose what is called the j
spiritual wife doctrines, the pntiiarchal order, which is of ;
God, that course will corrode you with apostasy, and you !
will go overboard. Still a great many do so, and strive to I
justify themselves in it; but they are not justified ofGod." j
" The principle of plurality of wives never will be done i
away, although some sisters have had revelations that when
this time passes away, and they go through the vale, every
woman will have a husband to herself. I wish more of our
young men would take to themselves wives of the daugh-
ters of Zion, and not wait for us old men to take them all.
Go ahead upon the right principle, your.g gentlemen, and 1
God bless you forever and ever, and make you fruitful, that
we may fill the mountains, and then the earth, with right-
eous inhabitants."
April 9,1854, President Heber C. Kimball said
in the Tabernacle, (see Deseret News, volume 4,
No. 20:)
{i There are some of the ladies who are not happy in their
present situation ; but that woman who cannot be happy
with one man cannot be happy with two. You know all
women are good, or ought to be. They are made for an-
gelic beings, and I would like to see them act more angelic
In their behavior. You were made more angelic and a lit-
tle weaker than man. Man is made of rougher material—
to open the way, cut down bushes, and kill the snakes—
that women may walk along tlnough life, aud not soil and
tear their skirts. When you see a woman with ragged skirts
you may know she wears the unmentionables, for she isdo-
mg the man's business, and has not time to cut oft* the rags
thai are hanging around her. From this tune henceforth
you may know what woman wears her husband's pants.
May the Lord bless you. Amen."
President Heber C. Kimball, in a lengthened
discourse, delivered in the Tabernacle on the 6th
day of April, 1857, took occasion to say:
u I would not be afraid to promise a man who is -ixty
years of age, if he will take the counsel of Brother Brignam
and his hethren. he will renew his age. J have noticed that a
man who lias but one wife, and is inclined to that doctrine,
soon begins to wither and dry up, while a man who goes into
plurality looks fresh, youvgy and sprightly. Why is this?
BccauseGod loves that man, and because he honors his work
and word. Some of you may not believe this ; but < not
only believe it, but I also know it. For a man ofGodrisbe
confined to one woman is small business, for it is as much as
we can do now to keep up under the burdens we have to
carry, and ido not know what we should do if we had only
one woman apiece."
President Heber C. Kimball Uvsed the following
language in a discourse instructing a band of mis-
sionaries about to start on their missions:
  " I say to those who are elected to go on missions, go. if
you never return, and commit what you have into the hands
ofGod—-your wives, yotn children,your biethren,and your
pioperty. Let truth and righteousness be your motto, and
don't go into the woild for anything eKe hut to preach the
Gospel, build up the kingdom of God. and gather the sheep
into the told. You are sent out as shepher ih to gather the •
sheep together, and remember they arc not your sheep;
they belong to him that sends vou; then don't make a choice
of any of those sheep, don't moke selections before they are
brought home and jnit into the fold. You understand that,
Amen."
Such, then, is Mormonism in regard to all that
beautifies life in the conjugal relation; such are
their sentiments and commands pronounced under
the assumed authority of God upon the female
sex. When President Kimball calls liis numer-
ous wives his 44 cows," he but reflects the Mor-
mon idea of women hi the social scale.
The view is sickening. I turn with loathing
and disgust fiotn their legalized status of system-
atic debauchery and lust. Before it the entire
nature recoils. No wonder that it requires the
whole enginery of the IVlormon church, threats,
and intimidations to compel the women to submit
to it. I pity that man or woman who can for one
moment look upon this organized, systematic,
enforced degradation and prostitution with any
other feeling than that of abhorrence and disgust
In matters of affection woman is a monopolist—
she wants the whole heait,or she wants none.
But in Ulah she is compelled take the part only
of the smallest of hearts—a Mormon's heart—little
attention and no devotion.
THEFT AND ROBBERY.
I have said that robbery, as well as lust, was
sanctified by the Mormon creed. One from many
evidences of such teachings will suffice. In a ser-
mon delivered by Heber C. Kimball, September
15,1857, after proclaiming the coming overthrow
of their enemies, and their subjection, he contin-
ues: %
" ' Now,-' says the Lord,4 take that spoil; I consecrate it
unto my peopled The Loidw.il provide l'or the Saints- when
necessary, and in his own imj/."
In the same sermon he quoted from the Book
of Doctrines and Covenants on the same subject
as follows:
" Behold, it if said in my Iiws, or forbidden to get iti debt
to thine enemies; but behold it is nouaid at any time that
the Lord should not take when fie pleaM3?and pay asseem-
eth Hun good. Wherefore, as ye are agents, arid the
Lord's errands, whatever ye do accordmg to the will of
the Lord is the Lord's business, and Be hath sent jou to
provide for the Saints in these Ian days, that they may ob-
tain aft inheritance in the land of Zion. And behoid, I, the
