n2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
But why, sir, is the President of the United
States moving in this matter? What has the Sec-
retary of War to do with it? But, as the report
shows, it was made at the request of the Presi-
dent, and yet the bill waa pending before Con-
gress, not the Executive. This same engineer,
speaking of the availability of this canal as a war
measure, and referring to Commodore Porter,
says that there are over-fifty vessels belonging to
the Government which, with a draught of six feet,
can pass through this canal as proposed to be
enlarged to the northern lakes. Why, do not gen-
tlemen know that there is scarcely one vessel,
however insignificant, in the naval service that
does not draw more than six feet of water even
without her armament? And if they would, of
what value would be such vessels for lake nav-
igation? Not one of the Benton class of vessels
cin be taken from the Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan, if there be notacanal possessing greater
capacity than that provided for in the bill before
the House, and not, at any rate, during one half
of the year. I am compelled to reach the con-
clusion—the very conclusion arrived at by the
Committee on Naval Affairs—that these works
are not intended for military purposes, and are
not intended to enable us to cope with the power
of Great Britain. That nation has no canals
through which large vessels of war, such as might
cross the ocean, can be transported to the lakes.
No vessel of the tonnage of the Monitor can pass
through the Canadian canals. There is 110 pos-
sibility of Great Britain being able to make use
of her great navy on the northern lakes, by bring-
ing her vessels across the ocean and through the
Welland and other canals. No one truly believes
she would ever attempt it. And besides, as the
Committee on Naval Affairs very properly sug-
gests, the very canal through which the vessels
must pass, lying within twenty miles of our bor-
der; could be destroyed and rendered entirely un-
available for any such purpose in a single day.
Now,sir, I ask to have read at the Clerk's desk
a paragraph from the report of the Committee on
Naval A (fairs.which contains the pith ofth is whole
matter, and justly censures the attempt to play
upon the supposed fear and timidity of the nation
to force forward enterprises for local purposes and
individual aggrandizement.
The Clerk read/, as follows:
vC In any view of the case that can be taken, the commit-
tee are of opinion tlml no serious apprehension need be  *n-
tmamed that In case of hostilities with Great Britain hlie
• can pour into the lakes fuich a fleet of gunboats and other
craft as will give her the complete and immediate command
of these wat^r.-,.' The migeestion of ^nch an occurrence
originated vvHh the London Times, avear ago, in a gascon-
ading article winch has nnce funiNied the staple for many
essays and speeches. It may well be doubted whether
practical men, here or in Canada, have at any tune regarded
the scheme as vvoithy of grave discussion; and it is teared
that it has been used as a mask (or designs puteij commer-
cial, and having really nothing to do with any military ne-
cessity, actual or fancied."
Mr. BROWN, of Vitginia. Will the gentleman
from Indiana yield far a motion to take a recess
till seven o'clock?
Mr. IIOLMAN. I have rio objection; though
I should bo glad to conclude what 1 have to say
on this bill. I have but a few additional remarks
to make.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 object.
The SPEAK-ERpro tempore. The motion could
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. OLIN. I request, to have a short paragraph
read from the first page of the same report m con-
nection with whflt the gentleman from Indiana has
just hacl read.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object. Until this thing
can become mutual, it cannot be at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a question of order.
I see that there are a number of strangers on the
floor conversing so loud that I cannot hear what
is being said by members.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Doorkeeper
will see that the mlc respecting strangers on the
floor is curried out.
Mr. PORTER. W^ill the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holm an] yield to amotion toadiourn?
Mr. WASHRURNE. Oh, no!
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes; I yield for that purpose.
Mr. PORTER. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr, WICKLIPFE, Can I make a suggestion5
The SPEAKER pro fempore. Only by unani-
mous! consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFPE. I only wish to say that
the gentleman who represents CJtah, who has not
occupied a moment of the time of the House this
session, desires to speak thisevening, and I hope
he will be indulged.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers on the
adjournment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne
and Johnson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 66, noes 54.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
thereupon (at twenty minutes past four o'clock,
p. m.,) adjourned.
IN SENATE. *
Saturday, February 7, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that on Monday, at
half past twelve o'clock, the Senate proceed to
devote an hour and a half to the consideration of
business relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object; because it is un-
derstood that at one o'clock on Monday we shall
take up the bank bill, and we wish to pass it. It
is a matter of great importance. I hope the Sen-
ator will take a day that will not interfere with
that. I have postponed calling up that bill this
week at the suggestion of other Senators, so as
to give them an opportunity to dispose of other
business.
Mr. GRIMES. The House of Representatives
have fixed Wednesday for the consideration of
business relating to the District of Columbia, and
it is necessary that we should attend to the busi-
ness of this body in relation to the District before
that day shall arrive.
Several Senators. Why not go on to-day?
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing, if the Senate will
consent. I only ask for an hour and a half, com-
mencing at half past twelve o'clock on Monday,
and if we do notget through in that time with our
bills I shall not ask for any further time then. I
think none of the bills, with one exception, will
involve any controversy.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not go on with them
now ?
Mr. SUMNER. Give us five minutes for morn-
ing business first.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my motion, with
the understanding thatat half past twelve o'clock
to-day we shall proceed with District of Columbia
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Missouri bill is set
for to-day; and I hope it will be disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I do not withdraw my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to postpone all prior orders, for the
purposeofsubmittinga motion thatMonday next,
at half past twelve o'clock, be specially signed for
business relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be granted.
It is very reasonable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would prefer that the
Senator should name Tuesday. I deeiro to take
up the finance bill on Monday morning; and [
think we can pass it on that day.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated, while the back of the
Senator from Maine was turned, that the House
of Representatives had agreed to devote Wednes-
day to the consideration of business relating to the
District of Columbia. We want to pass our bills
and have them engrossed, and sent there, so as to
| be ready fur them to consider on that day.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be accomplished
i bypassing them on Tuesday.
j Mr. GRIMES. Provided there were none of
j them very long; but we have six of these bills in
I our charge. They are of very Utile consequence;
] but I will agree, if we cannot get through in an
i hour and a half, to abandon the field to the Sen-
| ators from Maine and Ohio.
| Mr. CLARK. I submit to the Senator from
j Iowa whether it is not sufficient to give his notice
i that he wants that time between tins and Wed-
i nesday, and I dare say the Senate will give it to
; him.
' Mr. GRIMES, if the gentlemen who so
potential, ruling the Committee on Finance and
the Senate, too, are agreed to allow us to have an
hour and a half on Monday, I am content.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw his motion?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to be under-
stood as agreeing to any such thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no mo-
tion before the Senate; the reception of petitions
is now in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Cornell Jewett, praying for the admission
of the Territory of Colorado as a State into the
Union; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. HARRIS presented two memorials of mer-
chants and bankers in New York, praying that
legal tender notes may be made receivable for
customs duties; which were referred/to the Com-
mittee on Finance. '
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of an ap-
propriation for the survey of the public lands in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mending an increase of $25,000 in the appropria-
tion asked for in tl^e regular estimates for the sur-
veys of the public lands in Kansas and elsewhere;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 5th instant, information rela-
tive to the death of General Ward, a citizen of the
United States m the service of the Chinese Gov-
ernment; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Margaret L. Stevens, widow and admin-
istratrix of the late Brigadier General Isaac I.
Stevens, praying compensation for extra services
performed by her husband as superintendent of
Indian affairs in Washington Territory, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2) for the relief of J. J. Lints, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. WILKINSON, ftorn th-e Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 417) for the removal of the Winnebago In-
dians, and for the sale of their reservation in
Minnesota for their benefit, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. ARNOLD,from the Committeeon Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 694) for
the relief of Lieutenant William P. Richner, sev-
enty-seventh regiment Ohio volunteer infantry,
asked to be discharged from its fuither consider-
ation, and that it be leferred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia; which was
agreed to.
ARMY OF TI1B POTOMAC.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the committee on tlx* conduct of the war
he directed to inquire into the condition of the aunyof the
Potomac, both officers and men, and to consider what meas-
ures are necessary in omer to promote us efficiency, to in-
crease the mutual confidence of officers and men, and to
secure from all an unwavering and soldier-like devotion to
the declared policy of the Government; with power to send
for persons and papers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think tfiatresolution had
better he over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it roust he over. §
REPORT OF TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committeeon
Printing:
Resolved, That three, thousand copies of the report of the
Bureau of Topographical Kngmeers be printed lor the llee
of that bureau.
