1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ft
37tii Cong.... 3d Sbss.
Utah and the Mormons—Mr. Cradlebaugh.
Ho. of Reps .
Lord, declare it unto you. and jay words are huie and Miall
not fail. But all thing* mu-4 come to pass in their time;
wherefore, he not weary in well rising, for ye arclayingthe
foundation of a jjieat work, and oiuof small things pro-
ceeded! that which is great."
The code of the Spartans allowed theft as a sort
of discip|ii e for their youth, who were to be thus
fitted for the strategy of war, so necessary among
a primitive and martial people; but in no country
or age before has robbery been taught as a divine
ordinance, the observance of which was binding
as conducing to the aggrand izoment of His people.
Yet, here at last, in the " ferment of an uneasy
civilization," it stands forth in the boldest relief
that language dare give. "The trumpet" here
"gives no uncertain sound."
SHliDDING BLOOD FOR TIIE REMISSION OF SINS.
But the picture, true to life as it is, has yet
darker shades. Murder is openly commanded,
and incessant appeals from the self-constituted
apostles of Almighty God prove beyond all doubt
that its execution is considered and urged as one
of the fundamental doctrines to be enforced and
acted on by the faithful of the Latter Day Saints.
The doctrines which from their own books i
have just read may perhaps merely disgust, but
the doctrine of winch I have now from the same
source to adduce proofs will horrify. In the few
extracts I have to give you, (to which, if time
allowed, I mijfht add a thousand more,) the right
and duty of the chinch to ««spill blood" is as-
sorted in the plainest and coarsest words that our
Anglo-Saxon language affords. Theft, lust, and
murder are canonized in the Mormon creed.
f( It [- a« if the f.and< prevailed
Agam-t tin* seiapl^ the\ as-ailed,
And tluoned ou heavenly seats should dwell
The Iieul inheritors of hen!"
I rend to you from a " discourse" of President
Brigham Young, d< hvered September 21,1856:
" There air .sns that men commit for which they cannot
receive loi-yivetu'*^ in thi1- vvoild, or m that which is to
com*'; ami if they had their eyes open to their hue condi-
tion, the} would he peileetly willing to have then blood
sp.it upon the mound, that tins «moko theieof might ascend
to heaven a- an ottering lor their bin-, and the smoking m-
cen-e would atone lor their sin-; wheiea-, i( *ueh is not
the e i^e. they will Hick to them and remain upon them in
the -pit n wot Id.
" 1 know, u lien you hear my brethren telling about cut-
ting people ml ironi the earth, that you coiwdei it is strong
doctrine ; but it i- to >ave them, not to de>tioy them."
"It I- true the blood of the Son of God was shed for sin5;
throng!) tin (all and those committed by men, jet men can
commit >ui> which it can never remit. As it was in an-
cient day*., m> it i- in uurda\ ; and though tfie piinciples
aie taught publicly fiom tin- ftand. <nll the people do not
under-tanil them ; y*'t the l:twis pieci<oly (lie >ame There
are mii> lh.it can he atoned lot by an offering upon an altar
a-! in ancient <l.iy> ; and tlieie aie Mils that the hinod of a
iamb, o 1 .1 call, or ot turtle dov<"  cannot remit, but they
mu-t be atoned foi hytne blood of the man. That is the
rea-on win men talk tojou as they do Horn tin- stand;
they undei-tand the doctune, and throw out a few words
about it. You have been taught that doctune, but you do
not und  r-tand it."
Of entm ly a similar nature is a "discourse" of
Piesident Jidediah M. Grant, delivered March
12, 1854; he is -speaking of what he calls "cove-
nant-breakers"—those who leave the Mormon
church—and he says:
"Then what ought tin-, meek people who keep the cotn-
m<mdm >iita> ot CSod to do unto thoni • ' Why,' says one,
'they ought to pruy*fo the J^ord to hill themI want to
know if you would' wkh t he Lord to come doini and do all
your ditty worh .* Many ot the Lattf r Day Saint*, will P'<iy,
and petition, and -upphcato the Loid to do a thousand things
they thcmr-elves would be ashamed to do."
ii IVhen u man prays for a thing, he outfit to be willing to
perfo, m it hitmelj. l>ut if the Lattei Day Saints should put
to death the covenant-breaker-, it would try the faith of the
* veiy meek, pi -t, and pious" one- among theni,and it would
cauSc a gi cut deal oj vhinivg in 2-rael.
•' Then there um- anotliei odd commandment. The Lord
God commanded them not to jnty the pet son whom they
hilled, bin to > v cute the Jaw oi God upon p-r.-ons worthy
ot death 77m should he done hy the entire congregation,
MiowiMJ no i'l i y. I have thought there would have to be
<pi,te a i evolution among the .Mormon- before t-ucli a com-
mandment could lie obejed eompl* tely by them. The IVIoi-
mmi- h.ive a gi eai deal of m mputhy. For iti-tanee.if they
can <:••! a man ln-'ore liie tribunal adanmstei mg the jaw of
the land, ami -aa-erd in <retting a iope aiouiul his neck,
and hawtiL' l.im hungup like a dead do«.it is. all right. But
it the i hit)< h and /.inborn of God should step forth and exe-
(ute the la r of God", oh, what a bur-t of Mormon sympa-
tic it would * .Hi«.e ! / u i.sh we were i>i a situation favorable
to'our doni«; that it huh it. justifiable before God, without any
eoitftrnnn/itniz nijhtcnt e of Gentile amalgamation, laws, and
tradition^, thnt the people of God might lay the ax to the
root of the t> ee. and eiery ttee that bri.igeth, not forth good
fruit might be hewn down.
11 What! do you believe that people would do right, and
keep the law of God, by actually putting to death the trans-
gressors ? Putting to death the transgressors would exhibit
the law of God, no matter by whom it was done. That is
my opinion.
" You talk of the doings of different. Governments—the
United States, if you please. What do they do with trai-
tors? What mode do they adopt to punish traitors? Do
traitor* to that Government forfeit their lives? Examine,
also, tiie doing** of other earthly Governments on this point,
and you find the same practice universal. X am not aware
that there are any exceptions. But people will look into
books of theology, and argue that the people of God have a
right to try people for fellowship, but they have no right to
try them on property or life. That makes the devil laugh y
saying: 1 i have got them on a hook now; they can cut them
off, and I will put eight or ten spirits worse than they are
into their tabernacles, and send them back to mob them.' "
President Brigham Young (February 8, 1857,)
said, in a discourse in the Tabernacle, (see Des-
eret News, volume G, page 397:)
" But now I say, in the name of the Lord, that if this peo-
ple will sin no inoie, hut faithfully live their lehgion, thvlr
sins will be forgiven them without taking life. You aie
aware that when Brother Gumming earner to the point of
loving our neighbors, he could say yes or no, as the case
might be; that is true. But I want to connect it with the
doctune you read in the Bible. When will we love our
neighbor a.-> ourselves? In the first place, Jesus said that no
man Jiateth his own fle^h. It n admitted hy all that every
person loves himself. Now, if we do lightly love ourselves,
we want to be saved and continue to exi-st. We want to go
into the kingdom where we can enjoy eternity, and see no
more >onow nor death. This i> the desire of every person
who believes in God. Now, lake a person in this congre-
gation who has knowledge with being .-aved in the kingdom
of our God ami our Father, and being exalted an exalted
one—who know-i and underhand* the principles of eternal
lite, and sees the beauty and excellency ot the eternities
before hitu compared with the v;uti and foolish thing* of the
world ; ami suppose he is overtaken in a gios-s fault, that
he has committed a sin which he knows will deptive him
of that e.xaltatiou which he de-ues, and that he cannot at-
tain to it without ihe-bedding of hi- blood ; and aKo know*
that by having Jus blood j-hed, he will atone for that sin
and be saved, ami exalted with the gods; i- there a man or
woman in this house but what would say,' shed my blood,
that I mav be saved and evalted with the gods?'
"All mankind love themselves; and let these principles
be known hj au individual, and he would be glad to have
hi- blood shed Th.it would be loving themselves even
unto an eternal exaltation. Will you love yout brothers
oi s>i*.ter* likewise, when they have committed a sin that
cannot be atoned lor without the shedding ot their blood ?
Will you love that man oi woman well enough toshed their
blood ? That is what Jcmjx (,'hri-t meant. He never told
a man or woman to love their enemies in theii wickedncsh.
He nevei intended any such thing.*' * * * *
" 1 could lefer you to plenty of instances where men have
been risrnteou-ly slain in ordei to atone for their sins. I
have s«eeii score.- and bundled* of people loi whom there
would have been a chance in the la-t resuirection if their
lives iiad been taken and theii blood spilled upon thegiound
as a smoking incense to the Almighty, but who are now
angels to the devil, until oui elder biothcr, Je-us ('hu-r,
raises them up,cou<juets death, hell, and the grave. I have
known a gieat many men who have left this church, lor
whom there it« no chance whatevci for exaltation ; but if
their blood had been spilled, it would have been bettei for
them. The wickedness and ignorance of the nation" forbid
this principle being in full loiee, but the time will come
when the law of God will be m full toiee
"This is loving our neighbor a^ ourselves; if he needs
help, help him ; and il he wants salvation, and it is neces-
saiy to spill his blood upon the ground in ordei that he may
be saved, spill it. Any of jou who undeisiand the princi-
ples of eternity, il you have sinned a mii requiring the sited-
ding ol blood, except the sin unto death, would not be sat-
isfied nor iv-t until your blood -hould be spilled, that jou
might gam that salvation you desire. That is the waj to
love mankind."
President J. M. Grant said, September 21,1856;
(Deseret News, volume 6, page 235:)
" I -ay theie are men and women heie that T would ad-
vise to go to the ptcsidont immediately, and a-k him toap-
point a comuuttf a to attend to their case ; and then let a
place beseJected, and lot that committee «hcd their blood."
" MEAN DLVILs" GOOD MORMON" PREACHERS.
In a reported sermon, delivered hy Brigham
Young, November 9, 1856, (Deseret News, vol-
ume 6, page 291,) after speakingof'nol embracing
men in his religion, he said: •
" Some of the elder- seetned to be tupped up in a moment
if the wicked can hnd any lault with th" member- ot this
ehuieh ; but. bie-n vour soul-, I w- ul l not yet have thi-
people laultless, for'the day ot ^epaiation has not yet ar-
livtd. l'have many a time in tins stand daixal the world
to produce a- jneandeiili as we can ; we can b< at them at
anuhinji We have the <rie;ite-t and sinoothe-t liars m the
woiid, the cunningest and most adroit thieves, and any
other shade ot eliaiaeter that you can mention.
" We can pick out older- m l-iaol nirht here who can
beat the wuild sit gambling; who can handle the cards;
can cut and shuffle them with the «marte^.t rogue on the
lace of God's foot-tool. I can produc e elder- here who can
shave their smartest shavers, and take their money from
them We can beat the wot Id at any game.
u We can b< at theni because we have men here that live in
the light of the Lord; that have the holy prie-thood, and
hold the kevs of the kingdom ot God. But you may go
i through all the sectarian world and you cannot find a inan
capable of opening the door of the kingdonj of; God 40 ad-
mit others in. We can do that. We can pray the best/pmrcft
the best, and sing the best. We are t:he best looking, and
finest set of people on the face of the earth ; and they-juay
begin any game they please, and we are on.hand, and-.caB
beat them at anything they have a mind to begin*, Tiiey
may make sharp their two-edged swofds, and! will terra
out the elders of Israel with greased feathers, andwhlpthpm
to death. We are not to be beat. We expect to be a^tura-
biing bioek to the whole world, and a rock of oftense (to
them."
Such a " sermon" needs no comment. It will
be seen that the scheme of these religionists is
quite broad enough to embracc polygamy, adul-
tery, incest, perjury, blasphemy, robbery, and
murder, as a part of its-devilish plan.
MORMON INDEPENDENCE THREATENED.
Brigham Young, in a discourse in the Taber--
nacle, August 31, 1856, (Deseret News, voluma
6, page 219,) said:
"Mormonfem is true, and all hell cannot overthrow it. AH
the devil's servants on the earth may do all they can, and aa
Bi other Clinton has just said, after twenty-six yeai*' faith-
ful operation and exertion by our enemies, what have they
accomplished ? They have succeeded in making us an Or-
ganized Tcrruorv, and they are.deterinined to make ns an
independent State oi government, as the Lord lives. {The
congregation shouted 4 amen!']
441 say, as the Lotd lives, we are bound to become a sov-
ereign State in the Union, or an Independent nation by our-
selves." **********
" I have frequently told you, and f tell you again, that tho
very report of the church and kingdom of God, the bound
of Mormonism, is a terior to towns, counties, States, the
pretended republican governments, and to all the worW.
" Why, because as the Lord Almighty lives, and the proph-
ets have ever, this vvoik is destined to revolutionize the
world, and bring all under bubjection to the law of God."
Thechurchgovernmentestablished by theMor-
mons to carry into operation the teachings from
which I have so copiously extracted, is one of the
most complete despotisms on the face of the earth.
The mind of one man permeates through the
whole mass ofthe people,"and subjects to us un-
relenting tyranny the souls and bodies of all. It
reigns supreme in Church and State, in morals,
and even in the minutest domestic and social ar-
rangements. Brigham's house is at once tabcr-
nacifi, capitol,and harem; and Brigham himself is
king1, priest, lawgiver, and chief polygamist. Is
treason hatched in Utah—Brigham is the head
traitor. Are rebel troops mustered against the
United States—Brigham is their commander-in-
chicf. is a law to be enacted—Brigham's advice
determines it. Is an offending "Gentile" or an
apostate Mormon to be assassinated—the order
emanates from Brigham. in addition to all this,
he heals the afflicted by the laying on of hands,
and comforts the widow by becoming her hus-
band. It may be asked, does he do this without
compensation ? No, his pay is both high and cer-
tain. lie taxes his deluded followers to the ex-
tent of all surplus property upon their arrival in
the Territory. He subsequently taxes them to
the extent of one tenth of their annual productions
and labor, and if reluctant to pay, he mercilessly
snatches all that they have. He has through the
Legislature unrestricted license to tax merchants.
By legislation, all estrays in the Territory are im-
pounded and sold, and the proceeds paid over to
him. By like authority he seizes upon tlie great
highway between our Atlantic and Pacific posses-
sions, grants exclusive rights to erect bridges and
ferries across all the streams in the Territory, and
fixes the toll at enormous rates, ranging from five
to ten dollars for a team, expressly providing in
the law that a portion of the receipts shall be paid
over to himself, by which means, whether will-
ing or unwilling, the emigrant to the Pacific coast
is forced to build up the church, and furnish
motley fo emigrate pious sisters to Zion to replen-
ish the harems of the hoary-headed leaders of the
church; and as if to consummate the matter of pay,
all escheats in the Territory are to him; the prop-
erty of the emigrant, and even the habiliments of
the deceased may be sold, and the proceeds paid
over to him. He selects for himself the choicest
spots of land in the Territory, and they yield him
their productions, none daring to interfere.
The timber in the mountains for a great dis-
tance from Salt Lake City belongs to him, and it
is only by delivering each third load, as he shall
order, that the gates are open and the citizen al-
lowed to pass up Ctty creek canon to obtain it.
Having appropriated all that he desires for his
own use, lie has quite extensive tracts of country
furnished him by the Federal Government as cap-
