122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Utah and the Mormons—Mr. Cradlebaugh.
Ho. of Reps.
ittfl forhischurch, He sends his agents, denom-
inating them missionaries, to Europe, who repre-
sent Utah as a paradise, and go into the market
offering each proselyte who will come to Zion a
homestead of a quarter section of land—being in
return compensated by the addition of females to
fill the harems, and the tithing which will in the fu-
ture accrue to him. The cattle on a thousand hills
exhibit hjs brand. He fixes his pay—he pays
himself. His pampered but plebeian body re-
poses in a palace, and scoresof bright-eyed women
call him husband. His deluded followers yield
him implicit obedience, and a church organiza-
tion known as "Danites' 'or' destroying angels,"
stand ready to protect his person, to avenge his
wrongs, and to execute his pleasure.
Brigham is both Church and State. True, the
atrocities committed in Utah are not committed
by him with his own hands, but they are com-
mitted by his underlings, and at his bidding. He
claims that lie is not a criminal, because his hand
is not seen in the perpetration of crime. He pleads
an " alibi," when he is known to be everywhere
present in the Territory. He seeks to avert cen-
sure by feigning ignorance of the atrocities of his
underlings. Such ignorancc can only be suppos-
able on the hypothesis that Mormonism is not a
system and Brigham is not its head; that he is a
despot without power, or a prophet without the
ability to foresee.
Now, Brighartt is either complete ruler in Utah,
or he is nothing. The complicity of the church
dignitaries, mayors of cities, and other territorial
officials, in the crimes that have been committed,
demonstrates that those crimes were church crimes,
and Brigham is the head of the church.
The legislators of the Territory are Mormons.
The endowment oaths bind them to yield an im-
plicit obcdicnco to Brigham, as the head of the
church, and political head of the Territory. His
mandates are superior to ail law. The Mormons
are fanatics; they will keep then oath to obey him.
Did not their religion induce, their fears would
compel obedience, for the vengeance of Brigham,
though silent, is swift, and fearful as the horrors
of death can make it. Mormon punishment for
Mormon apostasy is like the old curse of former
Popes; it extends from the soles of the feet to the
hairs of the head. It separates husband and wife;
it reaches from the confiscation of property to the
severance of the windpipe. Armed with such
power over the hearty arid lives of the people,
Brigham defiantly drives the barbaric chariot of
Mormon robbery, murder, polygamy,and incest
over all law, in defiance of all Federal officials in
the Territory. Brigham not only controls the
legislation, hut he controls the courts, lie uses
the one to aid him in accomplishing the other.
On the 14th day of January, l&>4, lie caused to
be passed the following law, which is still m force.
(See revised laws of Utah, pnge 260:)
" That all quo-mon^oi law, the moaning of wi lung other
than Jaw*, and llie admissibility of testimony, shall bo de-
cided by the 1*01111; .tmi no Jaws, nor paitMif J.hvn -dial I lie
rend, aiirueii. nu-d, <>i adopted 111 any remit, duung any
Uial, c\eepr Uio.«e enabled l>y tlx* Governor and
tive A.wuibly of this Territory, and those pa-M'd by the
Cong_re>s ol the United States when applicable; and no i im-
port," dceisiou,or doing-: ol any eouit fcliall be i« ad, aigued.
cited, or adopted as precedent m any other tual."1
The common law, the wisdom of ages, which
has comedown to us as the handmaid ofoui'civil
and religious liberty, must be done away with,
that the Mormon church regulations may supply
their place in Utah. But, then, how convenient
it is to provide that the decisions made in a Utah
court, under those church regulations, upon one
day, should not be a piecedent for another day.
It leaves the court wholly unuanuneled, and au-
thorizes the judges or jury to make such laws as
they choose in every case. It leaves the courts
open to leceivcany new divine law which Brig-
ham may see fit to £tve them. Ho consequently
feeis it to be a duty to address the judges and
jurors in the Territory.
You will find a specimen discourse of his m the
Deseret News, (volume 5, page 412,) in which
instance he sent quite a number of the jurors on
missions for violating his instructions to them as
jurors.
On the 2d of March, 1856, President Grant said,
in a sermon delivered in the Tabernacle;
" Last Sunday the president elia&tleed sorae of the apos-
tles aiul bishops who were on the grand jury. Did lie fully
succeed in clearing away the fog which surrounded them,
and in removing blindness from their cj'es? No; for they
could go to their room and again disagree, though, to their
credit, it must be admitted that a brief explanation made
them unanimous in their action.
" Not long ago I heard that in a certain case the traverse
jury were eleven against one, and whatsis more singular,
the one alone was right in his views of the case.
"Several had got into the fog to suck and eat the filth of
a Gentile law court, ostensibly a court ot Utah, though I
call it a Gentile court. Why? Because it does not mag-
nify the laws of Utah, a& provided for m the {organic act,'
by which 4 act' and laws it alone exists as a eouit.
"A brief examination will soon convince a person, of
any ordinary observation, that the laws of Utah are not ad-
ministered in our courts, and that the judges must know
that tiict, and that they have been seeking, front the first,
with but one exception, to ovenule them.
" Our laws have been set at naught and walked under
foot, and in lieu thereof a contain efToi^ias been made to
rule in common law, English law, and law after law totaliy
inapplicable."
This attempt of the Mormons to interfere with
the administration of the law, and control the
courts, has been one of the chief causes of diffi-
culty between the judges sent by the Federal Gov-
ernment to Utah, and the Mormon people. From
almost twenty judges sent lo the Territory, with
the exception of two—Judge Zerubbabel Snow, a
Mormon, and J. F. Kinney, the present chief
justice, the only territorial judge who has not
been removed by the present Administration, and
who bears the unenviable reputation of being the
" creature and toolof Brigham Young"—the test-
imony has been uniformly to the effect that the
laws could not be enforced. Not one of these
judges, with the exception of the two named
above, have been enabled to serve out the short
term of four years. Some have left in disgust,
while others were driven away by force.
As one of the associate justices of theTerntory
of Utah, in the month of April, 1859, I com-
menced and held a term of the district court for
the second judicial district in the city of Provo,
about sixty miles south of Salt Lake City. Upon
my requisition, General A. S.Johnston, in com-
mand of the military department, furnished a
small military force for the purpose of piotecting
the court. A grand jury was impanneled, and
theirattention was pointedly and specifically called
to a great number of crimes that had been com-
mitted in the immediate vicinity, cases of public
notoriety both as to the offense and the persons
who had perpetrated the same; for none of these
things had " been done in a corner." Their per-
petrators had scorned alike concealment or apol-
ogy before the arrival of the American forces.
The jury thus instructed, though kept in session
two weeks, utterly refused to do anything, and
were finally discharged as an evidently useless
appendage of a court of justice.
But the court was determined to try a last re-
source to bring to light and to punishment those
guilty of the atrocious crimes which confessedly
hud been committed in the Territory, and the ses-
sion continued. Bench warrants, based upon
sworn information, were issued against the alleged
criminals, and United States Marshal Dotson, a
mosiexcellent and reliable officer, aided by a mili-
tary posse, procured on his own request, had
succeeded in making a few arrests, A general
stampede immediately took place among the Mor-
mons; and what 1 wish to call your attention to
as particuiuily noticeable, is the fact that this
occurrkd more especially among the church
officials and ciml officers. Why wcl'c these
classes so peculiarly urgent and hasty in flight?
The law of evidence, based on the expeiience of
ages, has but one answer. It was the conscious-
ness ofguilt whicii drove them to seek a refuge
from the avenging arm of the law, armed at last,
as they supposed, with power to vindicate its in-
jured majesty. It is a well-known fact that many
of the bishops and presidents of stakes" re-
mained secrcted in the mountains until the news
was confirmed beyond doubt which announced
the retrograde course of the Administration at
Washington. You can easily conceive therejoi-
cing of those who had fled, their rapturous change
from the extreme of trepidation to that of joy,
when at last Governor Cumming could officially
announce to his Mormon friends that the zealous
efforts of the united judiciary of Utah, to expose
and punish crime and administer the law, were
condemned by the national Administration; and
this,too, in thefaceofthat Administration's boast,
that rebellion "had been crushed out" in Utah.
Let me say here, though it may seem rather a
digression, that while it is true that the military
were appealed to foraid in the administration and
enforcement of the laws, and in the protection of
officers and witnesses, it is as equally afid unde-
niably true that the legal and social rights of no
citizen, whoever he may have been, were for one
instant infringed upon, or even endangered by
such a course.
Sitting as a committing magistrate, complaint
after complaint was made before me of murders
and robberies. Among these I may mention as
peculiarly and shockingly prominent, the murder
of Forbes, the assassination of the Parrishes and
Potter, of Jones and his mother, of the Aiken
party, of which there were six in all; and worst,
and darkest in this appalling catalogue of blood,
the cowardly, cold-blooded butchery and robbery
at the Mountain Meadows. At that time thera
still lay all ghastly under the sun of Utah the un-
buried skeletons ofone hundred and nineteen men,
women, and children, the hapless, hopeless vic-
tims of the Mormon creed.
The scene of this horrible massacre atthe Mount-
ain Meadows is situate about three hundred and
twenty miles west of south from Great Salt Lake
City, on the road leading to Los Angelos, in Cali-
fornia. I was the first Federal judge in tha't part
of the Territory after the occurrence. My district
extended from a short distance below Salt Lake
City to the south end of the Territory. F determ-
ined to visit that part of my district, antf, if pos-
sible,expose the persons engaged in the massacre,
which I did in the early part of the year 1859. I
accordingly embraced an opportunity of accom-
panying a small detachment of soldiers who were
being sent to that section by General Johnston—
having requested the marshal of the: Teiritoiy to
accompany or to send a deputy. He accordingly
sent Deputy William H. Rodgers, who went with
me.
The command went as far south as the St.
Clara, twenty miles beyond the Mountain Mead-
ows, where we camped and remained about a
week. During our stay there I was visited by the
Indian chiefs of that section, who gave me their
version of the massacre. They admitted that a
portion of their men were engaged in the massa-
cre, but were not there when the attack com-
menced. One of them told me, in the presence
of the others, that after the attack had been made,
a white man came to their camp with a piece of
paper, which, ho said, Brigham Young had sent,
that directed them to go and help to whip the em-
igrants. A portion of the band went, but did not
assist in the fight. He gave as a reason that the
emigrants had long guns, and were good shots.
He said that his brother (this chief's name was
Jackson) was shot while rumiingacross the Me'ad-
ow at a distance of two hundred yards from the
corral where the emigrants were. Ho said the
Mormons were all painted. He said the Indians!
got a part of the clothing; and gave the names of
John D. Lee, President Haight, and Bishop Hig-
bee, as the big captains. It might be proper here
to remark that the Indians in the southern pailof
the Territory of Utah are not numerous, and are
a very low, cowardly, beastly set, very few of
them being armed with guns. They are not for-
midable. I believe all in the southern part of the
Territory would, under no circumstanccs, carry
on a fight against ten white men.
From our camp on the St. Clara we again went
back to the Mountain Meadows, camping near
where the massacre had occurred. The Meadow
is about five miles in length and one in width, run-
ning to quite a narrow point at the south west end,
being higher at the middle than at either end. It
is the divide between the waters that flow into the
Great Basin and those emptying into the Colo-
rado river. A very large spring rises in the south
end of the narrow part. It was on the north side
of this spring the emigrants were camped. The
bank rises from the spring eight or ten feet, then
extends off to the north about two hundred yards
on a level. A range of hills is there reached,
rising perhaps fifty or sixty feet. Back of this
range is quite a valley, which extends down until
it has an outlet, three or four hundred yards below
the spring, into the main Meadow.
