1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
n
37 th Cong....3d Sess.
Utah and the Mormons—Mr. Cradlebaugh.
Ho. 05" Reps.
The first attack was made by going down this
ravine, then following up the bed of the spring to
near it, then at daylight firing upon the men who
were about the camp-fires; in which attack ten or
twelve of the emigrants were killed or wounded,
the stock of the emigrants having been previously
driven behind the hill and up the ravine. The
emigrants soon got in condition to repel thcattack,
shoved their wagons together, sunk the wheels in
the earth, and threw up quite an inlrcnchmmu.
The fighting after continued as a siege, the assail-
ants occupying the hil!, and firing at any of the
emigrants that exposed themselves, having a bar-
ricade of stones along the crest of the hill as a
protection. The siege was continued for five days,
the besiegers appearing in the garb of Indians.
The Mormons seeing that they could not capture
the train without making some sacrifice of life 011
their part, and getting weary of the fight, resolved
to accomplish by strategy what they were not
able to do by force. The fight had been goingon
for five days, and no aid was received from any
quarter, although the family of Jacob Hamlin, the
Indian agent, were living in the upper end of the
Meadow, and within hearing of the reports of
the guns.
Who can imagine* the feelings of these men,
women, and children, surrounded, as they sup-
posed themselves to be, by savages? Fathers and
mothers only can judge what they must have been.
Far off m the Rocky mountains, without trans-
portation—for their cattle, horses, and mules had
been run off—not knowing what their fate was to
be, we can but pooily realize the gloom that per-
vaded the camp.
A wagon is descried far up the meadows. Upon
its nearer approach it is observed to contain armed
men. See! now they raise a white flag. All is
joy in the corral. A general shout is raised, and
in an instant a little girl dressed in white is placed
at an opening between two of the wagons as a
response to the signal. The wagon approaches;
the occupants are welcomed into the corral; the
emigrants little suspecting that they weie enter-
taining the fiends that had been besieging them.
This wagon contained President Haight and
Bishop John D. Lee, among olhegg,, of the Mor-
mon church. They professed to be on good terms
with the Indians, and represented the Indians as
being very mad. They also proposed to inter-
cede and settle the matter with the Indians. After
several hours of parley, they, having apparently
visited the Indians, gave the ultimatum of the In-
dians, which was that the emigrants should march
out of their camp, leaving everything behind them,
even their guns. It was promised by the Mor-
mon bishops that they would bring a force and
guard the emigrants back to the settlements.
The terms were agreed to, the emigrants being
desirous of saving the lives of their families. The
Mormons retired, and subsequently appeared at
the corraWwith thirty or forty armed men. The
emigrants were marched out, the women and chil-
dren in front and the men behind, the Mormon
guard being j i the reai. When they had mm ched
in this way about a mil'3, at a given signal the
slaughter commenced. The men were almost all
shot down at the first fire from the guard. Two
only escaped, who fied to the desert, and were fol-
lowed one hundred and fifty miles before they
were overtaken and slaughtered.
The women and children ran on two or three
hundred yards further, when they were overtaken,
and with the aid of the Indians they weie slaugh-
tered. Seventeen only of the small children were
saved, the eldest being about seven years. Thus,
on the 10th day of September, 1857, was consum-
mated one of the most cruel, cowardly,and bloody
murders known in our history. Upon the way
from the meadows, a younjr Indian pointed out
to me the place where the Mormons painted and
disguised themselves.
1 went from the Meadows to Cedar City; the
distance is thirty-five or forty miles. I contem-
plated holding an examining court there, should
General Johnston furnish me protection. and also
piotect witnesses and furnish the marshal a posse
to aid in making arrests. While there I issued
warrants on affidavits filed before me for the arrest
of the following named persons: Jacob Haight,
President of the Cedar City stake; Bishop John
M. Higbee, and Bishop John D. Lee, Columbus
Freeman, William Slade,John Willis, William
Riggs,   Ingram, Daniel McFavlan, William
Stewart, Ira Allen and son, Thomas Cartwright,
E. Welean, William Halley, Jabez Nomlen, John
Mangum, James Pricc, John W. Adair, Ty-
ler, Joseph Smith, Samuel Pollock, John-McFar-
lan, Nephi Johnson, Thornton, Joel White,
 Harrison, Charles Hopkins, Joseph Elang,
Samuel Lewis, Sims Matheny, James Mangum,
Harrison Pierce, Samuel Adair, F. C. McDul-
ange, William Bateman, Ezra Curtis, and Alex-
ander Loveridge,
In a few days after arriving at Cedar City, Cap-
tain Campbell arrived with his command from
the Meadows; on his return he advised me that
he had received orders for his command entire to
return to Camp Floyd, the general having re-
ceived orders from Washington that the military
should not be used m protecting the courts, or in
acting as a posse to aid the marshal in making
arrests.
  While at Cedar City I was visited by a number
of apostate Mormons, who gave me every assur-
ance that they would furnish an abundance of
evidence in regard to the matter, so soon as they
were assured of military protection. In fact, some
of the persons engaged in the act came to s^e me
in the night, and gave a full account of the mat-
ter, intending, when protection was at hand, to
become witnesses. They claimed that they had
been forced into the matter by the bishops. Their
statements corroborated what the Indians had pre-
viously said to me. Mr. Rodgers, the deputy
mat shal, was also engaged in hunting up the chil-
dren, survivors of the massacre. They wore all
found in the custody of the Mormons. Three or
four of the eldest recollect and relate all the incidents
of the massacre, coi-roboraling the statement of the
Indians and the statements made by the citizens of
Cedar City to me.
These children are now in the south part of Mis-
soui j, or north part of Arkansas. Their testimony
could soon be taken if desired. No one can de-
pict the glee of these infants when they realized
that they were in the custody of what they called
" the Americans/5 for such is the designation of
those not Mormons. They say they never were
in the custody of the Indians. I recollect one of
them, John Calvin Sorrow,after he found he was
safe, and before he was btought away from Salt
Lake City, alt hough not yet nine yeais of age, sit-
ting in a contemplative mood, no doubt thinking
of the extermination of his family, saying, " oh,
1 wish I was a man; I know what I would do; I
would shoot John D. Lee; I saw him shoot my
mother." I shall never foiget how he looked.
The Indians would not have saved the infant
children from the slaughter. Neither could they
have induced the "emigrants" to have left their
protected position. It should also be borne in
mind that Br.igham Young at the time claimed to
be and was acting as superintendent of Indian
afi'airs in the Territoiy. There is now pending
in this House a claim for thirty or forty thousand
dollars, which includes about four thousand dol-
lars for goods distributed by John D. Lee to the
Indians about the Mountain Meadows within
twenty days after I he massacre, and also includes
pay to Lee while he was engaged in the commis-
sion of the massacre. Whether Brigham will get
it or not \ do not know. This, however, I do
know, that some two years ago Congress passed
an act to pay to the Territory of Utah some fifty-
two thousand dollars for amount paid by the Ter-
ritoiy in suppressing Indian hostilities m the Ter-
ritory in the years 365-2 and 1853. I have before
me every law parsed in the Territory, every ap-
propriation made by the Legislature, and the state-
ment of the temtonal auditor of accounts. 1
defy the Delegate from Utah to show that there
was ever appropriated or paid from the treasury
of the Tenitory an amount to exceed $3,400. It
never was done. But ynu know Brigham says
" that he hat the most adroit scoundrel"* in the icvrld
in Zion, and that he can beat their sharpest shavers."
So there is n" telling but in his persevering he
may succed in procuring his demands for mur-
dering, and expenses of endeavoring to purchase
the Indians to aid him m his rebellion. The
present claim was all made while Utah was in
rebellion.
Why was it that Brigham did not report this
massacre at the Mountain Meadows ? Why, if
he was acting as superintendent of Indian afikirs,,
did he not make a report of the property taken
at the massacre ? And let me ask my conjugal'
friend, the Delegate from Utah, why it was that'
the Deseret News, the church organ, and only-pa*
per published in the Territory, for months after
failed to notice the massacre, even after it was well
known in the States, and when it did so, only did
it to say the Mormons were not engaged in it?
Will the Delegate please answer me these ques-
tions?
The motives which the Mormons had in the
massacre was revenge for the killing of Parley
Pratt, a leading Mormon, who, while in the act of
running another man's wife and children through
Arkansas to Utah, was overtakefi by the outraged
husband, and slain—the Arkansas courts refusing
to punish the perpetrator. They, in addition, no
doubt, were also actuated by a desire to possess
themselves of the great amount of stock and prop-
erty of the emigrants, supposed to be worth sixty
or seventy thousand dollars.
This was emphatically "getting the Lord's
property, "as Heber Kimball expresses it, "with-
out getting in debt to the Lord's enemies for it."
The surviving children, after they were recov-
ered and on the way back, frequently pointed out
carriages and stock that belonged to the train,
stating to whom they belonged.
A great portion of the property was taken to
Cedar City, deposited in the tithing office, and
then sold out; the bed clothes upon which the
wounded had been lying, and those taken from
the dead, were piled m the back room of the tith-
ing office, and allowed to remain for so great a
length of time that when I was there eighteen
months after the room was still offensive.
What a commentary upon the condition of af-
fairs mourcountry 1 Mormonism reveling upui
the spoils obtained by murder, while seventeen
orphan children are turned penniless upon the
woiid. Yet that world has " no ear to hear, no
eye to see, no heart to feel, no arm to bring de-
liverance. " That wo should allow such a condi-
tion of aifairs to exist is shameful, disgraceful to
us all. The disgrace does not alone attach to the
weak, imbecile administration of James Buch-
anan and his legal adviser, who lent himself to
prevent the judiciary of Utah from investigating
the horrible crimes that had been committed in
that Tenitory, and aided in shielding the crim-
inals, but we are all guilty, and should be so held
until we by forcc, if necessary, compel restitu-
tion to the fatherless children so far as it can bo
made.
Major, now General, Carlton, visited that re-
gion; he also corroborates all that is contained in
the abstracts I make from official reports At the
time he was there, he erected a monument to the
memory of the dead. It was constructed by rais-
ing a large pile of rock, in the center of which
was erected a beam some twelve or fifteen feet in
height. Upon one of the stones he caused to bo
engraved: " Here lie the bones of one hundred
and twenty men, women,and children, from Ark-
ansas, murdered on the 10th day of September,
3857." Upon a cross-tree on the beam lie caused
to be painted: " Vengeance ismino,saith the Lord,
and 1 will repay it." This monument is said to .
have been destroyed the first time Brigham visited
that part of the Territory.
It has been said we have courts in Utah, and
the question is frequently asked, why do not the
courts act? The uniform testimony of the judges
is to the effect that the courts are powerless.
More than fifteen Federal judges who have gone
to the Territory have so stated. They have again
j and again told you that the entire legislation of
| the Territory is to pievent the admimstiation of
| the laws; that the church authorities are deterrn-
i incd that the laws shall not be enforced in the
Federal couits; that the grand and trial juror?
I| are Mormons, who are taught that the Mormon
| church laws are the higher laws, and should pre-
'! vail, and who refuse, therefore, to discharge iheir
sworn duties,and have invariably icfused to pun-
j ish any Mormon for an offense committed against
j! an anti-Mormon. To such an extent has this been
! | carried, that although the valleys of Salt Lake have
j1 been replete with robberies and murders, yet the
H records of the courts do not show a single instanc«
