m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February
'37th Cong....3i> Sess.
Utah and the Mormons—Mr. Gradlebaugh.
Ho. op Reps.
of the punishment of a Mormon for an offense
committed against a "Gentile." This is pain-
fully manifest in the history which I now give of
a term of the court held by my colleague, Hon.
Charles E. Sinclair, who convened his court in
C*reat Salt Lake City on the 8th day of July, 1859.
The Mormon gra'nd jury, ever ready to use the
laws for their protection, but never willing to pros-
ecute a Mormon for his crimes, promptly found
a bill of indictment against one Ralph Pike, a ser-
geant in Company I, of the tenth infantry, United
States Army, for an assault with intent to kill,
committed upon one Howard Spencer, the son ofa
Mormon bishop, at the military reserve in Rush
valley. A company of soldiers were stationed on
the reserve to guard the hay of the Government
stacked there. Spencer had been in the habit, at
every opportunity, of driving his cattle to these
hay stacks. Sergeant Pike was ordered to take a
file of men and drive off Spencer and his cattle.
When Sergeant Pike approached Spencer, the lat-
ter refused to go, seized a pitch-fork lying by, and
attempted to stab the sergeant with it. Pike, club-
bing his musket,struck Spencer on the head, and
slightly fractured his skull. Upon capias issued,
Pike was arrested and brought to Great Salt Lake
City. The day following, (August 11,) about
twelve o'clock, m., as Pike was entering the Salt
Lake House, on Main street, to get his dinner,
Spencer stepped up to him from behind, saying,
" are you the man that stiuck me in Rush val-
ley ?" at the same time drawing his pistol, shot
him through the side, inflicting a mortal wound.
Spencer ran across the street, mounted his horse
and rode off, accompanied by several noted "Dun-
nes." The guard who attempted to fire at Spen-
cer were prevented by the police. Pike lingered
in dreadful agony two days before he died, fie was
highly esteemed in the A*my as an amiable,
manly, nnd gentlemanly soldier. The Deseret
News, (ihechurch organ,) at its next isssuc laud-
ed young Spencer for his coinage and bravery.
In the winter of 1857-58, one Franklin McNeil
was inciuceiated in prison, being put in irons dur-
ing the "Mormon war,"for no other crime than
b«jing an Ameiicnn citizen. Frank sued Brigham
Young for false imprisonment on the 2d day of
August. The day preefduig the appointed time
for trial, Frank was called to the door of his board-
ing houM-, just after dai k, by some unknown per-
son, and tthot down. He died from his wound
next morning, and thus the suit was abated. The
murderer was never discovered.
A man by the name of Drown brought suit,
upon a promissory note for $480,against the Dan-
ite captain, Bill Hickman. The case being sub-
mitted to tiie court, Drown obtained a judgment.
A few days alter, Drown and a companion named
Arnold were stopping at the houseofa friend,in
Salt Lake City, when Hickman, with some seven
or eight of his band, rode up to the house and
called for Drown to come out. Drown, suspect-
ing foul play, refused to do so, and locked the
doors. The i( Danifes" thereupon dismounted
from their horses, broke down the doors, and shot
down both Drown and Arnold. Drown died of
his wounds next, morning, and A mold a few days
later. 1 Jiekman and his band rode off unmolested.
Thus, during the short term of Judge Sinclair's
court, the earnest labors of its officers accom-
plished no good On the contiai y, .is it appeal s,
the majesty and powerof thecourt were used to tie
the hands of an innocent man, and lead him as a
helpless victi m to be ruthlessly shot do wn without
the power of self-defense, while at the same time
it protected his murdeier by holding thestiong
arm ofthe law in tenor ovei those who would daie
to take justice' in their own hands and punish the
assassin of their fu<>nd. Thus, during a single
term of the coin t, held m a Mormon community,
the vvann life-blood of four human victims is
shed upon the very threshold of the eouit, and
although the grand juiy is in sesaion, no pioae-
eution is attempted, and not one oi the offenders
will ever be numshed.
This man Howm d Spencer is now in Salt Lake
City, and ha* been ever since. Tins the learned
Delegate fiom the Territory will not deny.
With the history of one more case, I will con-
clude. In the summer of 3858, David Macken-
zie was a ties ted, chaiged with engraving plates
for counterfeitingGovernmentdraftson theTieas-
ury at St. Louis. The evidence showed that the
engraving had been done in the upper part of the
Deseret store, in Salt Lake City. This store is
within the inclosure of Brigham Young's prem-
ises, the same being walled in with a stone wall
some tw-elve or fourteen feet in height. Judge
Eckels, who issued the warrant, directed the mar-
shal, Peter K. Detson, to seize the plates, and
any other matter that might be found in the room
where the engraving had been done which would
establish the offense. 7 The marshal accordingly
went to the room and seized the plate. He also
found another plate there, belonging, as it since
appears, to Brigham Young, and used for striking
off the Deseret currency; and, observing that the
copper-plate upon which the counterfeit engrav-
ing had been made had been cut off one side of
Brigham's Deseret currency plate, he brought
away with him the currency plate. After the trial
Biigham refused to take them back, but brought
his action against the marshal, P. K. Dotson, in
the probate court. Probate courts throughout
the Territory, held in violation of the organic act,
are dignified into courts of coequal jurisdiction
with the Federal courts. It is one of Brigham's
methods pf destroying and nullifying the Federal
'-ouiilfg. He installs into these probate courts his
most devoted creatures. An appeal can be made
from these courts to the district court, but the ap-
peal is almost always refused. J defy the Delegate to
show that Brigham ever brought an action in one of
these creature courts of his in which he did not suc-
ceed. Of course he obtained a judgment against
Marshal Dotson for some $2,600. It would have
been as much more if he had only said the word.
An appeal is refused; execution is issued; Dot-
son's property is sold, and he is turned out of his
house—a property that would rent for $500 per
annum—Brigham's agent having bought it in.
Thus a good, efficient officer is ruined in Utah for
having faithfully endeavoted to preventfraud upon
the Government Treasury.
I have the plates here, [exhibiting them.] I
have shown them to engravers in the city, and
they tell me the original cost of making them
could not be more than five or six hundred dol-
lars, and say that they can be put in as good or-
der as ever they were for twenty-five dollars. No
stronger evidence could be adduced showing the
absol u to control of Brigham Young over the courts
of Utah.
The Federal courts are powerless to do good,
and are used only when they can subserve the
purposes of the Mormons.
The weak, timid, temporizing, cowardly policy
which has ever been pursued towards Utah by the
Federal Government has only led to disorganiza-
tion and anarchy, and to the open violation of the
most sacred rights, and has exhibited Utah before
the world as the gloomy theater where murder
and robbery alternately shift the scene.
The courts beingdeprivod of aid and protection
in the administration of the law, no arrests can be
made, and no criminals brought to punishment.
Marshal Dotson, holding warrants for the arrest
of almost a. hundred murderers, including the par-
ticipators in the horrible butcheries at the Mount-
ain Meadows, is compelled to return those war-
rants unexecuted, for the reason, as he solemnly
states, that he has not the ability to serve them.
In utter disgust he lesigns his office; and in this
connection his letter of resignation, addressed to
the President, is worthy of perusal:
Great Salt Lake City, Utaii Territory,
August 1, 1859.
PiR : I hereby tender to vour excellency mv resignation
as United States maohal of the Teintoiy of Utah, to take
effect fiom the 2Utli mutant.
in lemterms: tin-*, my reclamation. F deem it to be my duty
to warn von that the poiieyof\out Adnuni-ltauon has been
fatal to Federal supremacy in Utah, and can onl> tend to
hudd np, consolidate, and perpetual e tin* political and ecele
-.jn-tieal powerof Bri<rb;un Yonn? and bu -iicciNsor-*.
'J'h" unasked, and to tin,- day derided pardon extended to
treason, ha" only tended to encounter traitors, and tiie pres-
ence ot Federal tsoop-s eiippled and humiliated by the in-
stinct ions and reductions-imposed on them, server only tlie
purpo-e of curielnna the eofl'Ts oi the Moiinou church and
ol -iih-ervin<: the end-- or Mot mon politv.
Tiie courts of the United Status in the Teriitory. power-
less to do pood, indtcadful mockeiy of justice, are com-
pelled to lend the power and majesty ot the .aw to-ubserve
the evil depigns* ot the very eiuninaN they seek to punish.
Impotent to piotect innocence, ih<-v encourage cume.
The Federal ort'ieei^ot the Teiritoiy, opposed and an-
nojed continually by those whose cot dial support and co-
operation could alone enable tliem effectually to sustain the
dignity of the positions which they occupy, ate as forms
without bubstance, shadows without reality.
Thpugh willing to serve the Administration from which
I received my appointment, I cannot remain an officei of tiie
Government without the power to maintain its dignity.
* * * * * * * * * *
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
P. K. DOTSON,
United States Marshal for Utah Territory.
His Excellency James Buchanan,
President of the United States.
tfrave endeavored to set before you a fair and
impartial abstractof Mormonism and its results as
practically exhibited, i am aware that, compelled
by lack of time, the review has necessarily been
meager. I have, however, endeavored to bring
out the salient points, and, if I know myself, have
nothing extenuated nor set down aught in malice.
I have given to you nothing but what the truth of
history will prove.
1 take it for granted that what I have shown
clearly establishes that the system of polygamy in
Utah is distasteful to the female portion of the
community, and that the manner in which it is en-
forced is but a system of enslaving the women,
and of enforcing their subjection to the lustful
desires of the hoary-headed leaders of the church,
1 have also shown that th.ey teach and practice
the crime of robbery under the assumed garb of
religion, and that they also teach and practice the
doctrine of shedding of blood for the remission of
sins. I have given to you instance after instance
wherein they have committed their robberies and
murders. 1 might continue the catalogue if it was
necessary.
The question now presented is, shall this sys-
tem be permanently fastened upon our body pol-
itic? It may be said that under the Constitution
of the United States every man is guarantied the
right to worship God according to the dictates of
his own conscience,and that the Government has
no right to interfere with this people in the prac-
tice of their religious faith. 1 deny that the Con-
stitution contemplates the protection of every class
of persons who may assume to< themselves a re-
ligious faith at war with the most cherished sen-
timents of virtue and morality throughout the
Christian andcivilized world. 1 contend that we
owe itas a duty to manifest our disapprobation of
practices and doctrines so odious, and that it is
our duty to retain this Mormon people under the
general jurisdiction of the Government, so that
their institutions may be reached by Federal le-
gislation if necessary, and thus show in a mostin-
dubitable manner that we are unwilling that the
stain and disgrace shall be fastened upon us. It
is a duty enjoined upon us by the common obli-
gations of justice and humanity.
There can be no doubt that the mass of the Mor-
mon community are misled in their errors by a
set of heartless, fanatical leaders. Their success
may be much attributed to their isolation. That
isolation the fastfillingup of the Great J3asin, be-
cause of its vast mineral deposits, will soon do
a'waywith. Nevada now has a population equal
to Utah. Thriving townsand cities are springing
up on the Humboldt river, and in near proximity
to the Mormons. Brigham sees this, and he knows
and feels that he must place himself in a position
to prevent the consequences to his system which
will grow out of this contiguity of settlement. He
feels that he cannot keep his women where they
have a chance to get away, unless he can protect
himself by legislation further than he is able to
do while his community remains under the gen-
eral jurisdiction of our Government. It is on that-
account that he manifests so great a desire to be-
come an independent State. 1 say he desiies to
become a State, for under his tyrannical sway, and
with the system that is now prevalent, Brigham
would be the State, and the State would be Brig-
ham.
i say, again, there does exist on the part of this
Government an obligation to withhold from the
Mormon people, as far as lies in the power of the
Government, the means of fostering and perpet-
uating this system. It is involved in the general
duty of preserving untarnished the fair fame of
our country; it is enjoined by self-respect and the
promptings of an enlightened humanity. The
civilized world would view with reprdbution and
disgust, and the American heart would shrink
with shame at the admission of Utah in the family
