m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the head of your armies. I do not wish to bring
any outsider into this service, any man outside
of this department; and I am willing that this bill ■
shall be amended by adding" to bo selected from
the subsistence department." I am willing to
confine the selection to that department of the ser-
vice. I do no.t want to bring anybody in there
to-cheat the Government. 1 modify my amend-
ment by adding, after the word 44 general*" the
words -u to he selected from the subsistence de-
fu-tment;" so as to confine it to that department.
his isa permanent bill, which will operate after
the war.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no objection to
that amendment,and I hope, if the Senate choose,
the call for they yeas mid nayawill be withdrawn.
I think that will be very acceptable.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senate I withdraw the demand for the yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the call for the yeas and nays may be with-
drawn. The Chair hears no objection. The
question then is on agreeing to the amendment of
the Senator fiom Massachusetts, as modified.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the bill (EI. It. No. 634) giving aid to the
State of Missouri for the purpose of securing the
abolishment of slavery in said State, which is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The question is on the amendment reported fiom
the Committee on rhe Judiciary, by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Harris,] which is to strike
out all after the cnacting clause, and to insert what
wifi br> read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That whenever satibfajtory evidence shall he presented
to rhe Ptoulenr of the 1'mfed Status that the State of Mis-
souri has adopted a valid and cnn->iituuon;il |;iw, ordinance,
or other provision lor the gradual or immediate emancipa-
tion of all the slaves therein, and the exclusion of slavery
forevei thereof r from said ritule, it shall he 1ns duty to pre-
pa i« and deliver to thy Governor ofsaid State, as* hereinafter
provided, to bo u i'd by --aid State to compensate for the
inconvenience* produced by such change of system, bonds
of the United Stales to the amount of#20,000,000, the same
to brar interest at the late of five per cent, per annum, and
payable thury year- after the date thereof: Provided, That
the .<>aitj boiid:? t-hali not be delivered as herein directed, an
less the aoi of emancipation shall be adopted by said Slate
within twelve months, after the passage ot this act, nor un-
less said act shall provide that slavery or involuntary ser-
vitude witinn ^uil State, evccptm punishment of euine,
Fhall forever cease and determine on some day not later
than the -Itii day of July, 187(5, and never al'tei ward- be in-
troduced theiein : Ami piorida! further, That said bonds
in their a^iegau- amount shall note\e<*ed the sum of $300
lor each slave cnnai'e.p.ited under the provisions of this act
and the act of emancipation to be passed m the State of
Missouri in pursuance thereof, tiotmeluduigany slave who
Khali be introduced into -.aid State subsequently to the pas-
sage of thif aei, or has been emancipated or shall become
free under the piovi>ton.s ot an act entitled "An act to sup-
press insurrection. to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscate the pmp<ityof rebels, and for other pur-
poses,'5 approved July 17, l£62.
Bec.'2. And be it "farther enacted, That in the event of
the adoption by ^m>I State of an act or ordinance for the
abolition of slaveiy theiein, a^ hereinbefore provided, the
President shall, fiom tune to time,.is they may be required,
cau^e bonds to be pi< pared and delivered, as aforesaid, in
such amounts as tiny be necessary to pay for *-aeh slave
made free under the provisions of tins act, and the act to
be passed by the ytate ot Missouri m pur-uance theieof,
not to exceed an average ot' A300j said bonds to bo deliv-
ered only as ?ai<L slaves are made iree, and in the a£gre«rate
not to exceed ^0:i,0U0,000; and not to exceed $10,000,000,
unle>s the law or act of emancipation to be adopted by said
State shall provide for the full and perfect manumission of
alUhe slaw s ?hei< m on oi before tire 4th day of July, A. D.
186.), andth? hituio exclusion of the system of slavery from
tile fc?tate foi'.-wn theren'"tci.
Sec. 3. And he it fiuthcr enuctcd, That upon the enact-
ment ot a 1 uv bv s,i<d State referring to this act, accepting
its pio\ Nions and adopting laws for the ultimate extinction
of slavery liM-'enijlhe laith of the United States and of the
said State will l>- plcil^eit to carry out the terms of the com-
pact thu, created : Provided, Tlnit nothing herein contained
shall prevent tlie Stn,tc fiom making atany time such alter-
ations or amendment* in its emancipation laws as do not
conflict wish thi> act, ur buch its shall only decrease the
time during which slavery may exist in the said State.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. In section one,
Hne i\vei\e of the amendment of the committee, I
move to .strike out 44 twenty" and insert44 twen-
ty-five;" RO as to read 41 §20,000,000."
Mr. POWELL, i uak if the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri is divisible,,
so t!u t we may have a vote first on striking out
the 44 $20,000,000?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doolit-
tle in the chair.) The Chair understands the
effect of the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to be to add the word " five" after the word
" twenty."
Mr. POWELL. I understood the motion of
the Senator from Missouri was to strike out
•« $20,000,000" and insert " $25,000,000."
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. My motion was
to strikeout44 twenty,"and insert 44 twenty-five."
That was the form in which I made it.
Mr. FOOT. It is not a divisible proposition,
Mr. President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair it is not a divisible question.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, 1 ask for the yeas
and nays upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I was not in the Chamber when
the motion was made. I want to suggest that by
a clerical error in preparing; (he amendment for
printing, the words "of$20,000,000, "in the twelfth
line, were left in, whereas they should be stricken
out, and the words 44 hereinafter mentioned " sub-
stituted, so that the motion of the Senator from
Missouri should apply to the eleventh line of the
second section. Whether he has so framed his
amendment or net i do not know.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I find, in the
twelfth line of the first section, as amended,
"§20,000,000."
Mr. HARRIS. The words "$20,000,000,"
in the twelfth line of the first section, should be
stricken out, and the words " hereinafter men-
tioned" substituted; but you can apply your mo-
tion to the eleventh line of the sccond section.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will so modify
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York suggests that in printing the bill
there is a mistake, that the words "of$20,000,000,"
in the twelfth line, should be stricken out, and the
words " hereinafter mentioned "inserted. If there
be no objection that amendment will be consid-
ered as adopted by ihe Senate. Now, the Sena-
tor from Missouii, the Chair understands, moves
to amend the second section of the bill by striking
out the word 44 twenty," and inserting the words
44 twenty-five." That it* the pendingmotion before
the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply wish to say to
the Senate that as I propose to vote against the
bill, whether it provides for an appropriation of one
ccntor $1,000,000,000 for the pin pose of bringing
about the emancipation of slavery in the State of
Missouri, or any other State, I cannot, consist-
ently with my own views, voteforanyamendment
to the bill or the bill itself. I merely make this
remark in explanation of the vote I shall give. I
cannot vote for the amendment without commit-
j ting myself apparently to the principle of the
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
| is on the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
J to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state, before
the vote is taken on this proposition, that I
originally introduced a bill here appropriating
$25,000,000 fortius purpose, that being the amount
requested by the Legislature of my State. I con-
sulted, as I supposed, the feelings of Senators
here, and their views upon this subject,and I am
very thoroughly satisfied this proposition will not
carry. I do not feel at liberty, owing to the request
of the Legislatuie of Missouri, to vote against it;
but I desire to state that 1 have done everything
J could do to obtain the amount of §25,000,000 as
requested by the Legislature. I suppose those
with whom 1 have been most closely connected
in urging this bill forward will do me the justice
■ to say that I have not at any time neglected any-
thing whatever that would tend to increase this
amount to $25,000,000; but, sir, I am very well
satisfied that it will not be granted, although, on
the vote by yeas and nays, I shall be compelled
to cast my vote for it. I should be very glad to
see it done; but I have not felt at liberty to move
such an amendment myself. I desire to ask my
colleague whether, if this amount shall be in-
creased, he will eventually-vote for the bill. 1
hope he will.
Mu*. WILSON, of Missouri. I will answer
very readily that I will not.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I have
received several letters from Missouri from gen-
tlemen perfectly well informed with regard to pub-
lic opinion in that State, and having as great an
interest in this question asany gentlemen can have,
who assure me that $20,000,000 is large enough;
and indeed one of them goes so far as to say it is
too large. I, therefore, shall vote against the
$25,000,000. _
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Henderson and Wilson of Missouri—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,Fessenden, Foot, Foster,Grimes,
Hardin?, Harlan, Harris, Hicks, Howe, Kennedy, King,
Lane of Indiana, bane of Kansa®, Latham, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Poimroy, Powell, Richaid^on, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Turpie. Wall, Wilkinson, Willey,
Wihnot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—36.
So the amendment /o the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I move to amend
the first section of the committee's amendment,
in the sixteenth line, by striking out 44 twelve
months," and inserting "three years;" so that
the clause will read;
That the said bonds shall not be delivered as herein di-
rected unless the act of emancipation shall be adopted by
said State within three years alter the passage of this act.
Mr. President, the object of this amendment is
to give time to the people of Missouri to make the
necessary alterations in their constitution in order
that they may comply with the provisions of this
act. In my opinion the provisions of this act can-
not be complied with without an alteration in the
constitution of the State of Missouri; and if that
alteration is sought to be made by constitutional
means, by the ordinary provision incorporated
into our constitution, which requires one Legisla-
ture to propose amendments to our constitution,
to be ratified by the next succeeding Legislature,
twelve months do not give the necessary time. It
is manifest to me that the Legislature of Missouri
in its legislative capacity has not the power to
comply with all the provisions of this act without
an amendment to ora violation of the constitution
of that State; and, for that reason, I desire that
this time may be extended so that these altera-
tions in the constitution, if desired by the people
of Missouri, may be made according to our co*i-
sfituiion.
This bill, among other things, requires that this
act, to be passed by the Legislature of Missouri,
shall forever prohibit slavery in that State. That
is a power that is not conferred on the General
Assembly of the State of Missouri, and it will re-
quire an alteration of and an amendment to the
constitution of that State before it can be complied
with.
Again, sir, this act requires that the people of
Missouri shall forever surrender a constitutional
right which is exercised by every State of this
Union; that is to say, they are to enter into acom-
pact with the United States of America that sla-
very shall be forever prohibited in that State;
thereby relinquishing, in the form of a compact,
a right which is reserved, as I understand it, to
every State in this Union. Certainly an ordinary
Legislature, exercising only legislative powers,
cannot surrender a constitutional power which is
enjoyed by the people of that State. Many of
the States of this Union have abol'shed slavery
within their limits; but I am not aware that a sin-
gle State of the Union has been called upon by the
United States to enter into a compact that they
will never admit slavery in the future. I grant
that the people of the State may so alter their con-
stitution and adopt a provision prohibiting sla-
very within that State; but that they will bind
themselves to any other Government to surrender
a constitutional privilege forever, I do not believe
the people of Missouri will consent to. For that
reason, I have offered this amendment, in order
that there may be time, in a constitutional mode,
to comply, if the people of Missouri so will it,
with the provisions of this act.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask my col-
league whether, our Legislature now being in ses-
sion, he does not think there is ample time within
the next twelve months, even, to call a convention
and to amend the constitution upon this subject?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will state to
my colleague that many amendments have been
