1863.
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
adopted to the constitution of the Slate of Mis-
souri, all of which have been proposed and
adopted by the Legislature of that State in the
mode pointed out by the constitution itself; and
upon one occasion, in 1846, the Legislature of
Missouri called a convention for the purpose of
making certain alterations in the constitution of
that State. That convention met and proceeded
to frame a new constitution of government for the
people of Missouri. That constitution wits sub-
mitted, rightfully, to the people of the State for
their consideration, and was rejected by a very
large vote. Since that time all amendments pro-
posed to the constitution, except such as have
been adopted by a recent convention from neces-
sity, have be«n proposed in the ordinary consti-
tutional mode by the Legislature of that State.
My colleague says it is constitutional to call for
a convention in that State. I apprehend* it is so,
because that authority has been exercised on sev-
eral occasions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri. ;
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it. It is an important ques-
tion to our people.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL, i shall be obliged to the Sen-
ators from Missouri if one of them will read the |
provision of the constitution of that State which 1
regulates the mode and manner of making amend- j
ments to that constitution. j
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. 1 will do so. It
is jn these words: j
" Art. XII.—Mode of amending the Constitution.
11 The Genera} Assembly may, at any time, propose*ueli ^
•amendments to tin- constitution a- two thirds of each Hou*-e ;
fchaii deem expedient, which shall be published m all the
newspapers published in tins rfuue, three several umes, at
least twelve months* befoie the next general election; and i
if, at the first session of the General Assembly after such
general election, two Kurds of each House shall, by yeas |
and nay.x, ratify such proposed amendments, they shall be ;
valid, to all intents and purposes, as parts of tins constitu-
tion : Provided, That t>uch proposed amendments shall be
lead on three several days, in each House, as well when the
auiue are proposed as when they are finally ratified." j
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I feel some !
sympathy with the Senator who has submitted this I
motion, and I think it is deserving of the serious j
attention of the Senate. His proposition is that j
yqu shall afford proper time to these people who j
are to be bound, according to the doctrines laid i
down by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee :
the other day, in all time to come by the action
which is to be had. It is a fact which I suppose !
will not be controverted, that probably one th'nd
of the people of Missouri to-day, and the proba-
bilities are that they wilt be for the next twelve
months in the same condition, will not be able to
participate in these elections.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why not?
Mr. CARLILE. How many of the counties
of your State are now in the possession of the
Federal Government?
Mr. HENDERSON. All of them.
Mr. CARLILE. Why, sir, I saw itstated, and
there is to mv knowledge now an application be-
fore the President of the United States merely to
relieve from these military assessments that we
have heard of being made in your Slate such coun-
ties as are in such a condition that the laws of
Missouri through the civil authority can be en-
forced. 1 have that through a member from Mis-
souri in the other House. We knosv that there
are a portion of the people of the State of Mis-
souri that are not yet blessed, if blessing it be, with
the civil aut hority as administered in Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Virginia what county in Missouri is not now
under the authority of the Federal Government;
or, in other words, what county is in the occupa-
tion of disloyal troops?
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri, before I reply to his intei rogatory, tell me
why it is that the military are resorting to assess-
ments upon the citizens of his State without au-
thority of law ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I can state for the satis-
faction of the Senator from Virginia, that during
the last summer, when rebel raids were being made
in our Seme, an order was issued by the general
in command at St. Louis that an assessment of
$5,000 should be levied by military authority in
each county in the Stale in which auassassination
should be made of Union citizens. When these
guerrilla raids were made, individuals were assas-
sinated merely because they were Union men. In
a great many counties in the State, numbers of
our Union citizens were arrested and taken away,
and we do not know even to this day what has
become of them. Whether they were murdered
in cold blood,or whether they were taken to south-
ern bastiles or dungeons, we do not know; we can-
not tell even at this time what has become of them.
This order was made, as I understand, for the
purpose of deterring men from joining in these
guerrilla incursions upon our citizens. Aa ! un-
derstand, these assessments have been made. A
great many men were killed by these raids; a great
many were taken off and their families left in the
State in poverty and in want; and under the cele-
brated order No. 3, assessments were made by
commissioners appointed by the military author-
ities in the State, which were to be paid to the
families of individuals who had thus been killed
in cold blood. Now a proposition is before the
President requesting him to suspend those mili-
tary assessments, or rather the collection of the
money; and there is a controversy in my State as
to whether those military assessments shall be col-
lected or not. They have been levied; but a por-
tion of our Union citizens in Missouri are asking
for a stay of execution, believing that these men
will ultimately do better; that they will give up
their heresy of secession and rebellion and will
become quiet and peaceable citizens. A great
many of our best Union men in the State are urg-
ing to-day the necessity of once more forgiving
them. A large portion of the Union men are urg-
ing that if they are forgiven, so soon as the leaves
come m the spring, they will commence again and
we shall be slaughtered and murdered or taken
out of the country if they can do it. That is the
very controversy now existing in my State; and
my people are divided on that subject, as to the
propriety of collecting these assessments. That
is the only question now before the President of
the United States.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I do not know
anything of these assessments and retaliation by
levying upon other people pecuniary assessments.
I have heard of the assassination, by a man named
McNeil, of some ten unoffending citizens of Mis-
souri ; but that is not the question to which 1 de-
sire to call attention.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senatqr, I wish to make a statement right there.
He talks about an assassination by General
McNeil. I will state th.it each and every one of
those men who were shot by General McNeil, al-
though [ compl uiied of the act at the time, had
forfeited his parole. They had been previously
arrested and turned loose, some of them several
times,and they had forfeited their paroles and had
been arrested the second, thiid, or fourth time,
most of them, by General McNeil. The imme-
diate cause of their execution was the numerous
murders that were committed in the immediate
neighborhood of Palmyia at the time by these dis-
loyal people. The Senator says he has heard of
an assassination commuted by General McNeil.
Why, sir, the cause of that thing was the numer-
ous assassinations committed upon Union men in
that section. I ask the gentleman if he has never
heard of any assassinations committed upon Union
men in Missouri?
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that the order
of General McNeil stated that these men were as-
sassinated because some individual had been taken
away; not that he had been killed orassassinated;
and I understand further—if I am wrong the Sen-
ator will correct me—that one individual at least,
innocent and harmless, tendered himself as a sac-
rifice, and was slaughtered in lieu of another.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is not one single
word of truth in that statement. I know I have
seen it stated in the papers. I know that it was
published m England, and it came back and went
into the New York Times, i wrote to Missouri
for information on the subject. 1 was cognizant
of the facts at the time they took place; and al- j
though 1 was not willing at the moment to justify j
General McNeil, after I heard all the facts of the .
case many of my objections were removed. I will
tell the Senator that no man offered himself as a 1
sacrifice for another; and that was thrown in for
the mere purpose of creating prejudice against the
Union men of Missouri. There is not one word
of truth in the statement that any man offered
himself to relieve another.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will ask the Senator, if hi
will allow me, if those persons were tried in any
military court, or were they shot merely at the
instigation of General'McNeil ?
Mr. HENDERSON. They were tried before
the provost marshal of the district. Evidence was
taken against them as to whether they had been
guilty of a forfeiture of their parole or not, and
they were found guilty, and afterwards shot. It
is true, as stated by the Senator from Virginia—
and it was on that ground that I made my ob-
jections to the act—that the order itself specified
that they were to be shot, unless a certain gentle-
man, who had then been recently arrested at Pal-
myra, should be returned. There is-no doubt
that he was killed, for seven or eight months
have since elapsed, and we have never heard of
him. The order stated that they were to be
executed unless he was returned. He was a
warm, decided, and very active Union man. But,
sir, no man was shct by General McNeil who
had not already forfeited his life, under the orders
of the military authorities in Missouri, for forfeit-
ure of his parole. That is the truth about the
matter. The only objection was, that the order
did not specify that tact. The reason given by
the military officer for not doing so is this: if he
had changed the order and said, "1 shoot these
men, not because they did not return this man,
but because they have broken their parole,"
other guerrilla bands would go around and say
to the people, " you need have no fear about en-
tering our band, because unless you have once for-
feited your parole, there is no danger; you will
be treated as a prisoner of war when you are
captured." These men were going around, rob-
bing houses every night, and killing individuals
in cold blood. Numbers of our citizens were
killed m that way; numbers of others were car-
ried off, and we know nothing of them. It was
to put down those practices that those men were
executed. It is true the order specified that the
reason for it was that this man had been taken
off, and unless he was returned they would be
shot. But, sir, when the military court-martial
sat to try their case, no man was taken who had
not already forfeited his life. The objection that
1 had to the proceeding was that General McNeil
did not specify in his order that they had already
foifeited their lives in consequence of violating
their paroles.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There was a still more
objectionable feature in that execution than the one
mentioned by the Senator from Virginia. There
were, I believe, some seventy or eighty prisoners,
all arrested for the same alleged offense. They
selected ten from the seventy or eighty, by ballot,
to be executed; so that it was the mere chance of
the individual who had to be executed under this
order. , I believe that was the case.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Illi-
nois is mostassuredly mistaken in stating that the
men who were executed were selected by ballot.
I have it to the contraryTrom General McNeil him-
self. I have talked with General McNeil about
it, and 1 gave him frankly my objections to the
whole thing; but when ne stated to me all the
facts, my objections were greatly removed. If the
Senator has any knowledge to that effect I should
be very glad to hear it. I have it to the contrary
from General McNeil himself.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I certainly do not wish
to do injustice to General McNeil or the cause in
which he is engaged. 1 was so informed by a
gentleman lesiding in the town of Palmyra who
was present upon the occasion. I shall take the
trouble to make more diligent inquiry, and if I
have done him injustice in my belief, of which I
have been firmly persuaded heretofore, I shall take
great pleasure on the very first occasion in with-
drawing it; for I hope I am mistaken and have
been misinformed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state what has
given rise to the error committed by the Senator
from Virginia. A d*fy or two after ten of these
men had been selected and evidence taken against
them and they had been condemned to be shot,
evidence came in that one of them perhaps was
an innocent man,and a reinvestigation was had
in his case. He was set aside, and another man
selected who was clearly guilty of having for-
feited his parole. That gave rise to the report that
