126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Tax on Sugar—Mr, Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
cent.; those above No. 12, a "higher duty, three
per cent. This is better than the old system of
charging the same duty upon all grades of raw
sugars; but the system is still in a degree unjust,
because cdlor alone is not indicative of the* true
value of sugar. There are certain shades of color
and appearance of grain which give a value to
sugars by fitting them for the custom of the gro-
cers; the propoi don of these is relatively small as
compared with those used by the refiners^ Sugars
of good color, and paying the higher duty, often
contain less cane sugar than the dark-colored
sugars which grade below No. 12. As a general
rule, the value of raw sugar to the refiner is pro-
portionate to the amount of "cane sugar" con-
tained therein; the color is of secondary import-
ance, as his agencies fully master all depths of
colors.
The attention of our Government was given to
this subject about 1843, and Mr. McCulloch made
many experiments to determine the value of va-
rious sugars and molasses furnished from the cus-
toms? But the pi ocesses were tedious and uncer-
tain in result, and further effort was abandoned.
In Europe, however, the demand for more exact
methods of detei mining the value of sugars and
sugar solutionsin tlu-extensivebcetsugai works,
led Biot to turn his attention to the subjcct; and
ho applied the peeulfar qualities of polarized light
to tins purpose. After much research and ex-
periment the labors of the French scientific mind
elaborated the beautiful and perfect apparatus
known as Solid's Sachnrrimitre, which is largely
used abroad, and 1 believe in the French customs,
to determine the exact value of sugar by the
amount of cane or true sugar therein contained.
This instrument, with the accompanying appa-
ratus, is so simple and complete that a tyio in
chemical manipulation may, in a few moments, do-
term me, or actually measure to within one half of
one per cent., the amount of cane or grape sugar
contained in a sample of the juice of cane, sorghum,
beet, or of other saccharine solutions. Tins in-
strument might piove of most essential service to
the experimenters on sorgo sugar m tiie West,
as by it could bo determined at what point the
cane should be cut; how many joints were ma-
tured; the brat lime to grind; the effects of fiost
on the cane, and other points dependent upon an
exact knowledge of the composition and value of
the juice.
I may be permitted to remark at this point, that
in the (all of 1657, in a seiies of observations on
the successive ripening of the sorgo with this in-
strument, I observed an increased value as the
season advanced. Thus, September 28, cane
yielded GU.6 pel cent, of juice, value 5.08 per cent,
cane sugar. ()etober5, cane yielded 70.3 pei cent,
ofjuico, value 5 f> 7 per cent, cane sugar. October
S4, per eent. of juice not noted, value 7.28 per
cent, cane sugar. November'J8, after being fro-
zen, per cent, of juice not ascertained, value 8.95
per eent. of sugm in juice.
Having tested this tnstiumeiU, 1 can beai wit-
ness to its simplicity, expedition, and exactness,
and 1 would commend it to the attention of the
scientific department of the Agricultural Bureau,
with a view to ;h< ir lepoit on its advantages to
the sugar groweis of the < ouutry, with publication
of instructions in its use and the necessary tables
of observed results and values, &c.
In the examination of a iireat variety of sugars
by this inati ument, we find that hogshead or mus-
covado sugars wiry in value of cane sugar from
seventy-nine per cent, to as high as ninety-three
per cent., while I lavaua box and the clayed su-
gnif of Biazii and Mamila seldom range below
iiim ty pet cent, cane sugai, while the value in
coioi may be altogether m favor of the hogshead
sugar.
Should these H-maiks aid in the establishment
of a more scientific, reliable, and equitable basis
of value whereon ro levy duty than the present
"rule of thumb,"! shall be content to wait until
others see with me (hat it is not difficult of attain-
ment.
Mr. Chairman,at this pomtpeimit me tgglance
at the piogi ess made in the cultuie of sugar from
the new cane, sorgo, or imphee, oi other names by
which it is known. In 1857, the optical exam-
inations quoted were made by myself, in connec-
tion with a series of carefully conducted experi-
ments by Joseph S. Lovering, the well-known
sugar refiner, in order to determine, primarily,
whether crystalhzable sugar could be obtained
from the juice; secondardy, to determine the
proper season of cutting the cane, marks or signs
of its maturity, &c., and to devise the readiest
means of defecation, clarification, and crystal-
lization. Thecxperiments continued ovcra period
of two months, or from the time the seed had
ripened until longafter the canes had been frozen;
the results of which experiments, and the prac-
tical hints and suggestions tending to the educa-
tion of the young sugar-grower, were published
at the time. 1 only now remember that he pro-
duced a beautiful sugar in such quantity as prom-
ised a profitable crop; while his final words of
encouragement were, 44 that anybody could make
sugar from sorgo who could make a pot of apple
butter." I would add, that all sugar canes ma-
ture from the ground upward;and thata nice point
with the planter is, when to separate the unripe
top from the grinding-cane, so that the immature
juice (poor in sugar, rich only in feculencies,
gum,and uncrystaihzed sugar) shall notmix with
the richer juice, and retard crystallization and
diaining of the sugar, by reason of its viscidity.
This point can be determined at once by optical
means, but it would be almost impossible by any
other method.
It may be well for the planter to remember that
the constituents of sugar are purely atmospheric,
namely, carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen; so that
sugar in itself is not exhaustive of the soil. Of
the seed and bagasse, or refuse cane, they are, as
other straw and seed, given for our use, but the
refuse to be relumed to the soil. The sugar, how-
ever, you may take and the soil is not the poorer.
Thus our fertile soils tend to the production, or
occasion the piesence of, "mineral salts and chem-
ical agents other than sugar in the cane juice,
which much embarrass the boiler in his efforts to
crystallize the sugar. The presence of a trifling
quantity of table salt (chloridcf sodium) will ar-
rest crystallization altogether, while certain gums
and mttciia^es will entangle the crystals in their
viscid embrace. Rich soil will give you great
canes, much juice, and a crop of molasses, while
from the soil purged and purified by previous corn
crops, I have no doubt a moderate growth of cane
and a laigc crop of sugar will be realized.
The capacity of the West to produce sugar for
our domestic consumption I do notdoubt; indeed,
the advance has been so rapid that we may soon
be exporteis of the article. In 1857, the first ex-
periments were made throughout the country and
in a very small way. In 18G2, the Secretary of
the Interior repoits the crop of sirup from sor-
ghum at 17,000,000 gallons; how much had been
converted into sugar is unknown. The above
ainountofsirup isequivalent to 85,000,000 pounds
of sugar. Such is the growth of this remarkable
branch of industry and internal economy in five
years.
As an example and an encouragement, let us
regard the development of the beet sugar in France;
temomhering that the juices of the beet are less
rich in saccharine matter, and much more impure,
than the juice of the sorgo, and that m the earlier
stages of its manufactuie the makers of beet sugar
encountered difficulties which the grower of sorgo
i is exempt from. Franco was cut off from her
tropical supplies of sugar by the close blockade
of her ports during Napoleon's war with Eng-
land, and she was forced into the production of
sugar fiom the beet. At first it was very expens-
ive, and the production grew but slowly. After
the war it was protected from the competition of
the colonial products by a duty levied upon the
foreign article. Under the fostering care of Gov-
ernment, and all tHe appliances of art and science
in which France is so rich, its giowth became so
large that it crowdcd its foreign rival from the
market, when, in 1837, beet sugar m France was
j subjected to an excise tax, fixed at a rate which
it was supposed would restrict Hs production to
one third the consumption of the kingdom. New
methods, applianos,and processes tended to the
rapid development of the business, and, in the facc
ofthe duty, it continued to displace the product of
the cane. No longer the mfantenterpriseasked the
protecting hand of Government, but as a source
of revenue was able to stand on an equal footing
with its foreign rival,so that in 1847domestic beet
sugar was subjected to the same duties as were im-
posed on the colonial cane sugar. Yet, four years
after, in 1851, to protect the cane sugar of the
colonies from the ruinous competition of the beet
sugar, a duty of one half cent a pound was im-
posed on the beet sugar more than on the foreign
product ofthe cane. Yet the production continued
to increase rapidly, the year 1852 giving some
300,000,000 pounds more than in 1851.
Should a like result attend the present effort to
develop the sorgo culture, how great the conse-
quences; not alone in the production of the im-
mense amount of sugars consumed in the United
States—the present value of sugar consumed being
about eighty-four million dollars—but attendant
in the train of the sugar-boiler will come the ar-
tisan, carpenter, builder, miner, founder, machin-
ist,coppersmith, plumber,and all the companion
trades and occupations; by tens of thousands they
will build up your cities, create home markets,
enhance the value of your lands and the price of
its products, while in return you will receive the
labor of their skilled hands and trained minds,
minus the cost of all the cumbrous machinery of
trade and distant exchange which now stands be-
tween you and your needs.
In a true system of economy, protection is
simply a means, not an end. It is a means to at-
tain to the ultimate establishment of new branches
of business in our midst to work up the raw prod-
ucts of our soil to supply our own necessities
and the needs of the world.
France's experience in the beet culture is but
an example. I do not intend to be diverted into
the fruitful theme of protection, 1 wish to deal
with facts, and leave the conclusions to take care
of themselves.
We make an annual appropriation for the intro-
duction of new seeds, plants, fruits, roots, &c.
In search of new sugar-cane cuttings we sent a
costly expedition. What though it failed ? We
expended thousands in the introduction and distri-
bution of the tea plant. What though we com-
mitted the mistake of sending away to China,
while our neighbor, Brazil, more enterprising in
this than ourselves, already produces several mil-
lion pounds of tea? We have created and en-
dowed a Bureau of Agriculture for the collection
and publication of useful facts bearing on the cul-
tivation of the soil and the pieparation of its prod-
ucts for the markets of the world. What though
it is awaiting a fitting head to develop its full use-
fulness' Tins much has been done for agricul-
ture, and it is well. But a higher end will be at-
tained when we realize a truth, faintly shadowed
in the anticipated benefits which might accrue to
the West on the full development of the sorgo
culture. This truth is, that " trade and manufac-
tures are useful so far, and so far only, as they
contribute to the advancement of agriculture, to
the development of the tieasures of the earth."
Now, sir, a few words on the art and mystery
of sugar refining. When in the course of human
events it becomes the duty of a Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to make decisions on questions
relative to that art, decisions involving large rev-
enue, and his ignorance of the technical terms
of the trade leads him to classify ''molasses,"
" soft," and " coffee sugars" asalike " residuary
products of the refinery/' then,sir, "adecentre-
gard for the opinions of mankind" impels me to
lay before you, for the use and benefit of some
future " public functionary," enough of the de-
tails of the business to explain and illustrate the
technical terms, and so much of the processes
as may be necessary to a proper understanding*
thereof.
Sugar refining may be better understood when
it is known that the crystal of " cane sugar" is
generally transparent and colorless, however dark
and viscid may be the sample of raw sugarunder
examination. This dark color, viscidity, ill taste,
and smell, is entirely external to the crystal, which,
pure and odorless, lies hidden in its unsightly en-
velop of molasses, gum, feculencies, and impuri-
ties, and other rejected foreign substances. The
last processes of sugar refining are based on this
fact, and refining m its simplest sense is to wash
from the crystal the enveloping impurities. The
process, once common in the refinery, still prac-
ticed on the plantations, of claying, was simply
washing the surface of sugar crystal by the water
which slowly percolated from a coating of wet
clay placed on the face of the loaf. An instant re-
