1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
people wlio are to be bound by this proposition
upon it; and itwaswith a view of laying a foun-
dation for the action of the Senate upon a proposi-
tion which I propose to introduce, if I can find
that it is likely to meet with the favor of Congress,
in order to fix a day, a day so far in the future
that we may reasonably expect that all the coun-
try, at least, proposed to be included within the
boundaries of the new State will have an oppor-
tunity of voting freely their sentiments upon the
bill.
Mr. POWELL. I think, sir, that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Missouri
ought to be adopted, for I feel very confident the
people of Missouri cannot have sufficient time
within one year to meet the requirements of their
constitution on this subject. It requires a Legis-
lature to pass an amendment to the constitution,
and then a Legislature elected afterwards to reaf-
firm it and pass it by a two thirds majority, as I
understand the clause which has been read. <
Mr. HENDERSON. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator. My colleague did not read another
clause of our constitution contained in the bill of
rights, where there is a provision which bears on
this subject. I am aware that our constitution
can be amended as a matter of convenience by two
thirds ofone Legislature propositigan amendment,
and two thirds of the next General Assembly,
elected two years thereafter, adopting it; but that
is not the only mode in which our constitution
can be amended. Our constitution may be re-
modeled and amended by a convention. We have
called conventions under the article in the bill of
rights to which I referred on several occasions, and
two years ago the rebels of Missouri considered
it amply sufficient authority to call a convention
■ which would have power to take the State entirely
outoftheUnion;and surely ifthey had the power
in defiance of the Constitution of the United States
to take the State out under this provision, it gives
us power to call a convention for the purpose of
considering this subject. The clause is in these
words:
"That the, people of tliis Stale have tlie inherent, sole,
and exclusive right of regulating the internal government
anil police thereof, and of altering and abolishing their con-
stitution and form of government whenever it may be ne-
cessary to their safety and happiness."
Mr. POWELL. I feel very well satisfied that
within one year the people of the State of Mis-
souri would not have the time to amend their con-
stitution in the mode indicated by the clause of the
constitution last read by the Senator. They would
have to elect a convention, and (he convention
would have to adopt amendments to the constitu-
tion; and the presumption is that the convention
in Missouri would follow the precedents of most
of the Stales that have altered or amended their
constitutions for many years past—by submitting
their action to the people for ratification. I know
that the convention when called will not be com-
pelled to do that; but that I believe has been the
universal practice in all the States for many years
back.
I am satisfied that the limitation to the short
period of one year is proposed by those who wish
to interfere with this local institution in the State
of Missouri because they have now an emancipa-
tion Legislature. 1 have no doubt, with the lim-
ited knowledge I have of the mode in which that
Legislature was elected, that if it had been sub-
mitted to the fair, free suffrage of the people of
Missouri, no emancipation Legislature would now
be convened in her capital. That Legislatuie, in
my judgment, was elected by the bayonet. I have
information sufficient to convince me of that fact.
Gentlemen of integrity have told me that they saw
soldiers thrust the voters from the polls in some
instances.
Mr. HENDERSON. In what county ?
Mr. POWELL, lu counties toward St. Jo-
seph." I do not know the names of your counties,
but the gentleman to whom I refer resides m the
neighborhood of St. Joseph. 1 have no doubt that
this Legislature was elected by the power of the
bayonot. If it were not, the Senators who advo-
cute this bill would have nothing to lose by giving
the people a chance to have an unbiased vote on
the subject. In my judgment, when their consti-
tution shall bo amended so as to affect a great in-
terest like this, if they were left to their free, un-
biased choice, the convention would submit then-
action for ratification to the people. That the con-
vention will have the power to do or to leave un-
done, as it may elect. But the Senator has indi-
cated enough this morning to prove to me that that
State to-day is under the power of the military,
that the civil authorities are overthrown. He
speaks of assessments made there by military com-
manders to pay persons who hesays were deprived
of their property by guerrillas. 1 ask you, sir, if
that is not an overthrow of the constitution and
of the laws of the State of Missouri and of the
Union, too? What power has any military com-
mander to make an assessment of that kind for
any purpose ? That military commander who does
it overthrows the Constitution and the laws of his
country, and is unworthy, in my judgment, to
bear a commission in the service of the United
States. I hold that every true and loyal soldier
will so demean himself as to be in submission to
the civil authorities of the country. The very
genius of our government requires it. I believe
it is incorporated in nearly all the constitutions of
the States that the military shall be in subordina-
tion to the civil power. Do we not know, sir, that
the military in the Slate of Missouri have made
these unconstitutional assessments? If the civil
power were in the ascendency that never could
have been don&.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to submit one
fact to the Senator from Kentucky, with his per-
mission. He has on many occasions deemed it
necessary to reflect very harshly upon military
operations in my State. I can state to him very
frankly that a great many things have been done
in my State that, if I were practicing at the bar
there, or were in my office called upon to give an
opinion as to whether they were constitutional or
even just, I could not say they were; but that
Senator ought to know very well that it has been
a contest m the State If Missouri as to which
party should be driven out. Now, I will state to
him a fact, and a notorious fact, that General
Sterling Price, who at an early day had command of
the rebels from my State, when he was driven into
southwest Missouri, issued a proclamation calling
upon the rebels of that State to come to his ban-
ner, urging as an inducement that there were three
hundred million dollars'worth of propertyin Mis-
souri belonging to Union citizens, which they
could take and divide amongst them. That public
proclamation went forth to tl)eworld,and wasused
by the rebels of Missouri as an inducement to en-
list in his service Now, I say that I am justified
in using any means whatever that are within the
Constitution, or that can be justified by public
law, or that can be justified by any of the usual
modes of self-defense, in putting down operations
of that character.
Much has been said upon this floor about seiz-
ing citizens. If it becomes a question as to
whether I am to be incarcerated, or another man
is to be incarcerated, I prefer seizing upon the
other party to being seized myself. Does not the
Senator know that it has been continually the case
for the last two years that Union citizens in Mis-
souri were constantly in danger of being arrested?
W^e in self-defense had to arrest other men who
were attempting to arrest us. J do not rise for
the purpose of justifying everything that has been
done in Missouri, but I do rise for the purpose of
stating, and I now repeat, that if it is to come to
a war as to whether the rebels or the Union men
of Missouri shall retain the State, I am willing to
use any means necessary for lire expulsion of the
rebels. Sir, we have granted them every privi-
lege that men could grant consistently with their
own self-defense. We have yielded everything
tothem. We have forgiven them again and again.
When we had them in our power we yielded to
them, and they harve only used the time m or-
ganizing new power and new influences in order
toctush us in the State. Now, sir, I say that we
have a perfect right to use against them the means
that they are using against us. When they come
to arrest me. 1 will arrest them in self-defense, if
; I can. When they boldly proclaim that they will
J drive us from the State, we, in self-defense, rather
I' than be driven out, have the right, like the drown-
j< ine man on the plank, to drive them out. Thisis
!■ a plain proposition, and the Senate understands it.
ji Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, 1 am really
! obliged to the Senator for his speech, for if I had
j; had "any doubt as to whether the people of Mis-
j; soun were in a condition to have a fiee exercise
II of their rights and privileges, the Senator's speech
would have removed it, because the very to<.4«
that he has detailed show to us very Clearly thai
the people there are certainly not in a condition
now to have a free vote on this most momentous
question. I condemn, as the Senator would, the
actings and doings of the confederates, if they
seized peaceable, unoffending citizens of Missouri
and carried them captive from their homes. It is
wrong, and I condemn it as much as the Senator
does. I am not now speaking of those illegal
arrests. I condemn them wherever they are made,
whether by the Federal or confederate authorities.
They are all wrong. They are an overthrow of
the Constitution of the country and a violation of
the personal rights of the citizen. But, sir, I am
perfectly satisfied from all the information I have
concerning things in the State of Missouri—and
it is a very unfortunate state of things—that the
people cannot have within one year a free exercise
of their will upon this matter. I do know, as far
as I can know anything from what I hear and
what I read, that the present emancipation Legis-
lature of Missouri were not elected by the free
suffrages of that people. I will read one of the
orders of General Merrill to the voters, which has
been placed in my hands within a few minutes,
and which was presented to the House of Kepi e-
sentatives by Mr. Hall, a member of Congress in
that House from the State of Missouri. I find it '
contained in a speech of Mr. Norton, of Missouri.
I will read the context. During the delivery of
Judge Norton's speech, my colleague in the other
House [Mr. Wickliffe] interrogated him thus:
•' If the gentleman will allow me, I desire to say that I
saw published in the newspapers of Missouri, pending the
1 eecnt election, a handbill purporting to have been issued by
one of these miserable provost marshals or commissioners
of assessment or some such person, stating that the people
of that district, if they wanted to avoid being assessed under
his powers, to pay foi damages said to have been committed
by secessionists, had belter go to the polls and vote for tlie
nominees of the military authorities. Was that a forgeiy,
or is it a fact that such a paper was issued?"
Mr. Norton continued:
"X have no personal knowledge upon the subject-maller
of tlie inquiry made by the gentleman fiom Kentucky.
" Mr. Hill. The circumstance occurred ill my district.
" Mr. Wickliffe. Give us the facts then.
" Mr. Hall. I am told that ihe same thing occurred in
other parts ol ihe State. I only speak of my own district.
Hero is a circular that was issued in one county in my dis-
trict, and I am advised that a similar course was pursued in
other counties:
General Merrill's Orders.
Voters, lead 1 read 1! read ! I !
All disloyalists and sympathizers to be assessed ! !!
The •sub-committee of assessment for Marion coutlty has
been appointed by General Merrill, and tlie work of levying
and collecting will immediately commence.
rarties whose loyalty has been in the lea-t. .suspected heie-
toforc wttt now find it very difficult lo escape assessment,
unless they can show a record unquestionably and uncquiv-
oeallv for tlie Government, sustaining it hi all Its measures
for putting down tlie rebellion. To vote for men opposed to
tin* policy of the Government is a disloyal act. Eveiy sueil
voter places himself on the disloyal list, and becomes a
pioner subject for taxation, under the following rules.^ You,
then, who would escape taxation, must vote right on Tues-
day ! A woid to the wise is sufficient.
•'Then follows the order of assessment."
Now, sir, with such orders as that issued and
posted up in the various counties, will any gentle-
man contend that there was anything lilte a free
election in the State of Missouri?
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire,right here, be-
fore the Senator proceeds any further, to ask hiin,
in all sincerity, if he has any evidence whatever
that General Merrill ever issued such an order?
In thai among the series of orders of General Mer-
rill or any other millitary commander in my State?
Does the Senator assert that to be so ?
Mr. POWELL. The Senator must know that
I have no personal knowledge on the subject.
What I have stated indicates that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it signed by a military
commander or anybody else ?
Mr. POWELL. I stated distinctly the authority
on which t gave it. It is given on the authority
of the gentleman's colleague, Judge IIai,l, a high-
ly intelligent gentleman, who is well known to me
and to him.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does he state that it was
signed by any military commander in that Estate,
o°emanated from any military commandei r
Mr. POWELL. I have just iea(l Judge Hall's
statement. I will read it over again, that the Sen-
ator may see exactly what his colleague states.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the Senatoi from Kentucky, I will state in
