1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37tii Goxg....3d Sess.
Conduct of the War—Mr. Teaman.
Ho. of Reps.
necessary oneness of this country, decreed as they
arc by nature in the lines of our mountains, our
valleys, and our rivers, as engraved by the Archi-
tect of the universe, and taught as they are by the
examples of history, to which he so happily al-
luded. In the dark hours of this dark political
night, these things illumine and warm and make
glad the soul of the patriot, as the harmony of the
centuries and a gleam of light from that omnipo-
tent Intelligence who has made " order Heaven's
first law." These are the inexhaustible sources
of argument and hope upon which I have so often
drawn, in my feeble way, in our hard conflicts
upon the stump in Kentucky, that great theater
whore, I shall ever maintain, one of the material
and decisive battles of the Union was fought.
And often have I seen the honest, sunburned face
of rural patriotism light up with joy and gratitude
as I called the attention of my hearers to those
great and benign influences that are above and
beyond the reach of human schemes and ambi-
tion, and which will ultimately win and compel
us into union, and make that union both happy
and profitable, because it suits us and wc suit it,
and neither suits another condition.
But, sir, what do these historical examples prove?
I readily admit that the hoarse thunders of war
are not the notes of those who make love to each
other; and that the present result of a battle-field,
while stilled hearts are yet warm, and fierce eyes,
fixed m death, arc yet unclosed by the rude touch
of the hurried grave-digger, is not friendship. And
yet, if well studied, these historical lessons show
us that war not only does not pievent a proper and
desirable Union, but they show more: they show
that the centripetalaffinities of a proper Union are
stronger than the centrifugal repulsions of war.
They show still more: they show that when one
Earty to such a Union has foolishly or wickedly
roken it, ankoncstwarfor that purpose will hasten
its restoration, ltdoes tli^p by affordinga vent or
safety-valve for pent-up wrath and malice, and by
teaching conspirators that treason is dangerous
and revolutions expensive. Maikme; I draw (.he
distinction between honest and justifiable rebel-
lion, like that of 177G, and dishonest conspiracy,
like that of I860. Who ever heard of a regular
and powerful conspiracy granting peace to a Gov-
ernment that would condescend to ask it,after that
conspiracy had thrown down the wagerof battle ?
What Government could subsist for a twelve-
month under the avowed policy Of non-resistance
to insurrection against its laws, and acquiescence
in the plunder of its public property, and the
division of its empire accoiding lo the caprice 01
the interests of jealous, ambitious, and disap-
pointed citizens? We are told Great Btitain lost
her dominions in North America by her obsiinate
refusal fo he just and make proper concessions.
That is tiue. And why is it true? Because the
colonists had a real grievance, and for long years
before war began, and for more than a year after
it began, avowed their willingness and anxiety to
be satisfied with its redress. Therefore the infer-
ence does not follow that our-Union has been lost
by failing to make concessions to tho/se who feared
a compromise much more than they did a battle,
and who stealthily prepared for war for two years
before they began it.
Let me ask the gentleman a question about these
histories. When the white rose pricked the red,
if the latter had promptly surrendered or retired
from the assault, would tlie two have ever blended
their leaves and their colors in the same garland
around the same royal brow? I think he will
say not, and agiee with me thnt the rebel and pre-
tending white would have banished the reigning
and legitimate led from the garden. The absentee
and tenant-system were great hardships in Ireland.
Many hard things occurred in the intercourse be-
tween England and Scotland in their public or
governmental relations to each other. But sup-
pose that in the case of Ireland a rebellion defined
mainly by denominational lines had been allowed
to go by default: and in the case of Scotland, a
fierce and protracted border war had been accept-
ed as pi oof sufficient that the Scots and Britons
weic and ought to bo two nationalities: where
would have been the libera! ideas, the beneficent
rule, the enn lent nil find piospei ous obedience, and
the unsurpassed achievements m letteis, in sci-
ence, and in anus, that have resulted from the
New MITT:IT..-:- \'0 (I.
blending of the rose, the shamrock, and the thistle?
To my mind, the woild would have been without
much of them, and the world would have surely
been the loser without them.
Why is it, that Americans, having fought two
wars with Great Britain and been on the verge of
three or four others, and having experienced her
indifference, not to say illy-concealed rejoicing, at
our present difficulties, and all this within a little
over three quarters of a century and within less
than three generations, do yet esteem England
and the English above all other nations and peo-
ple? Why do we send bread to Ireland when
her potatoes rot, and to the spinning districts of
England now that time is shortened or the mills
closed? Tt is because we are of their blood, their
civilization, and their religion, and because our
chief blessings, from thecorpus and the stat-
ute against murder down to the three cent post-
age stamp, and from the Baconian system and
the muse of Milton to the nursery lullaby that
soothes our babies to sleep, are either absolutely
Biitish or an improvement on something that is
British; and bccause, further, that notwithstand-
ing our chronic disposition to fight them, it is our
interest to trade with them. These influences are
stronger between the North and the South than
they are between England and America, or be-
tween England and Scotland, and will sooner or
later produce their natural and bencficent results.
They have not studied history or have not dis-
cerned human nature, or have a secret wish that
is father to the thought, who think that this war
will dissolve this Union. If dissolved at all, it will
be the work of other causes; and while 1 do not
teach that " whatever is is right," I will yet be-
lieve that if the dissolution is effected and remains
permanent, it will be at least an argument that it
ought to be so; and because 1 know it ought not
to be, I believe it will not be.
i am happy to know that while I differ with
the gentleman from Ohio as to the present appli-
cation of these histon&l lessons to our own trou-
bles, I agree with him as to the ultimate result
which they indicate as the conclusion of those
troubles. Have gentlemen considered the diffi-
culties in the way of present peace ? To my mind,
peace to-day would be the independence of tin;
southern confederacy. And what is the southern
confederacy? How is it bounded * What would
be done with those States and parts of States that
have repudiated the rebellion, and yet are claimed
as a part of its territory by the rebels, who are
constantly asserting that claim by force of arms?
Shall Missouri, Kentucky, Maryland, West Vir-
ginia, and East Tennessee he surrendered to the
Richmond despotism, or will it lelinquish its spu-
rious claim to them? What would those gentle-
men who say they are for the Union, but demand
peace in any event, do to secure both peace and
union'' With whom do they propose to nego-
tiate ? With armed rebels, flushed with victory,
challengingus to mortal combat,and openly sneer-
ing at peace on any terms other than separation.
And suppose when the negotiators meet the lebels
lay it down as a sine qua non in the attainment of
peace that the confedeiacy must be acknowledged.
Then what? 1 know,and 1 here affirm, that most
of those who are urging these peace demands
would consent to the sepaiation rather than renew
the fight. Then when you propose to treat with
those who you know will at present treat only for
independence, why not come out in a manly way
and acknowledge the rebellion as a nationality;
1 have all ray "life loved to call things by their
light names,and nevet could see any virtue in an
unmanly evasion. I affirm that 1 will vote for a
peace resolution to-day if the rebels will in good
faith meet us in peace as fellow citizens, and treat
upon terms for restoration. And I affirm that if it
is right for us to surrender at this stage of the con-
test, then it was a gnevous crime ever to have
resisted the warlike aggiessions of the rebellion.
It was a sin as black as hell to sacrifice two hun-
dred thousand noble youths, and two thousand
millions of treasure, if it is light now to surrender
the contest in the midst or on tin; eve of a cam-
paign that will [uobably decide who is master of
the situation.
We aie not quite icady for peacc propositions.
I want peace. The Searcher of hearts knows f
want peace. But, like the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Wrjght,] I want it on terms of
honor and permanency. The objections I am Urg-
ing apply to that present unconditional peace,ac-
companied by a withdrawal of our armies, de-
manded by some gentlemen, while the rebels ttre
confident of achieving their independence in war.
or in peace. As to an armistice, I would say of
that as I would of peace, in one respect, and that
is, I do not want my Government toliave to beg
for it. It must be heartily acquiesced in by both
parties, and the rebels must accept it as a means
and an opportunity to arrange the terms of reun-
ion, and not to arrange the terms of separation.
Such a measure could be made at once more usc-!
ful, more feasible, and more acceptable to all par-
ties when the remaining three strongholds of the
rebellion have fallen into the possession of the
national arms; and it would seem that while our
soldiers are willing to fight the rebellicfri with lead,
our politicians and statesmen ought to remain will-
ing to fight impotent proclamations with truth
and public opinion, without counseling a with-
drawal of our arms and a sunender to the enemy.
If, when peace is possible with us and necessary
to the rebels, such an armistice were- willingly'ac-
cepted by both parties, any of.the ordinary means
of negotiation might be adopted; but as a conven-
tion is at once more familiar and more satisfactory
to the American mind, it would probably be pref-
erable to all others. And if, at the right tioife,
such a convention or interchange of views is had,
what would be the controlling power in its delib-
erations ?
11 is a sublime fact and a poetic thought, illustra-
ted by the numbers, the productions, the temper,
and the geographical position of the great West
and Northwest, that the political children of the
mother of States, embraced on the north by^he
greatest lakes on the globe, pouring forth to the ^
south the greatest river of a continent, feeding half
the world from her more than Egyptian granaries,
have the undoubted power to settle this the great-
est controversy in histoiy. That they will settle
it aright is at once guaiantied by their patriotism,
their avowed political principles, and their highest
commercial interest. The history of our race does
not furnish examples of a sterner and more self-
sacrificing courage than they have displayed in
this war for the unity and constitutional suprem-
acy of the povernment. Still more to their praise
will it be recorded that they were unwilling to
wrong those whom they were so willing to fight.
The wealth of their prairies will command the
spinners and weavers, the storers, the middlemen,
the carriers, and the money-changers of the sea-
board; the same wealth, and their right to float
it over the highway of a continent into the high-
way of nations, will command that region Of the
confederacy, without which it could not stand for
a year. Holding, as they do, not only the bal-
ance of power, but the dominating power on the
continent, it will be their own fault if the conti-
nent is allowed politically to fall to pieces, their
eastern and southern outlets to fall into the hands
of foreign keepers and greedy exacters of tribute,
and their empire to become the vast political and
commercial prison-house of a hemisphere.
In that humane attempt I would gladly assure
all the present constitutional rights in relation to
that peculiar interest of the South in States where
it now exists, with any fuither and more specific
expressions necessary for that purpose. I would
leave the way open for such tendency South and
Southwest as may hereafter be encouraged with
due regard to the rights of our neighbois; I would
require that its retirement from its present north-
ern and eastern limits should be left entirely with
the States severally; and I would fling to the dogs
the two proclamations, the dismemberment of
Virginia, the acts of emancipation for any State,
and the sweeping and unconstitutional features of
the confiscation acts; but, in any and all events,
secession must he denied and the Union must be af-
firmed. Should such a consultation be rejected,
or, being accepted, prove fruitless, 1 then submit
it to gentlemen as a matter worthy of their pro- 9
found* st consideration, whether the permanent
peace of the country and the highest political good
of botii parties would not require that this contest,
being kept a contest between con.stitulional older
and legalized anarchy, should not be continued
until the rebellion conquers all it claims or lies
