ISO
APPENDIX T0 THE (JON(1EESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
SIth Cong....3d Sess.
Conduct of the War—Mr. Teaman.
Ho. of Reps.
prostrate at the feet of the Government? In the
event of the success of the Government in such a
contest, the controversy is closed forever. If the
confederacy succeeds, the greater its territory and
the more diversified its interests, the sooner will
the fallacy of its own constitution be demonstrated
by the disintegration of its own territory; and the
gradual falling back into the old Union of those
States that become disgusted or outraged in the
confederacy, is a process preferable to the pres-
ent acknowledgment of a confederacy of eleven
Slates, and entailing strife and civil war on four
others, to be endured in ascertaining to which Gov-
ernment their citizens will carry them.
i use the word acknowledgment, for it is use-
less to deny the fact that peace or any considera-
ble armistice, without terms, amounts to acknowl-
edgment just now. And I have alluded to the
future voluntary and peaceful retirement of States
from the confederacy and their reinstatement in
the old Union, since Mr. Davis has said that civil
war is impossible between States held together
by their own volition merely. 1 confidently look
forward to the assembling of the next Congress
as an opportunity and a means of offering to the
discontented people of the South reunion upon
the terms I have indicated, or something of sim-
ilar spirit and import.
J am no advocate of war, as such. Could 1
wftike the decree, theswordsand the spears should
ail this day be beaten into pruning-hooksand plow-
shares; to-night every soldier in the world should
make glad bis own family circle, and to-morrow
be found in his shop or his office, or behiird his
plow. But I am dealing with a different condi-
tion of things, with a state of society, of reason
and religion, in which war is permitted, if not
proper. I want the peace propositions, when it is
right they should be made, to come from my Gov-
ernment. I want them to come when we can make
them from a strong if not fiom a commanding
position. I want them to comc when we will not
nave to send them under a flag of truce to an en-
emy defying us for battle, f want them to be
made when we can act with the magnanimity of
a' great and triumphant, a just and a generous
Power. 1 do not want them made at a time when
others might auspect our overtures for peace to
be prayers for mercy. If gentlemen ask for peace
or a compromise while our brave defenders cap-
tured at Fredericksburg, Vicksburg,*and Mur-
freesboro' are confined as felons, they will only
get themselves and their Government laughed at
by an insolent foe, who will easily and correctly
construe your so-called peace propositions into
an acknowledgment of his independence. 1 do
not hold that this trouble must or can be settled
entirely by fighting. The sword has never yet
settled a controversy of so great magnitude as
tins, without the assistance of the pen and a few
sheets of parchment. Perhaps it is best for the
interests of humanity that it should be so. But,
whether it be pride or wisdom, J abhor the idea
of my Government crying " peace ! peace!" to
a lebdlion that has been heating us ever since
the W&l day of September, 1862.
In this connection, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Wright] will excuse me for offer-
ingai'ew thoughtsupon some of the positions and
arguments of his powerful and patriotic speech
(the first one he made) in vindication of the Union
and thcConatitution. For myself, and in the name
of Kentucky, I thank him and the Keystone State
for much that ho said. But if 1 understood him
aright, (f speak from the memory of what I heard,
without stopping to quote the printed speech,) he
observed that this controversy had come to a point
where one party or the other must be exterminated
before it is ended. If the language was used de-
liberately, I know he will concede that lie had al-
lusion only to those in arms. Hut even with this
modification, I think he will ye! concur in the
suggestion that the use of that woid occurred in
that heat of debate which so marked his effort with
earnestness and eloquence. I will undertake to
0 say for him that he only meant that one party or
the other must be badly whipped before the .-on-
test is ended. This much I think is true, and he
and I unite our prayers for the success of that
Government in whose defense one of his offspring
offered up his lire a willing and bloody sacrifice
upon the altar of his country.
One other thought and I will leave the speech,
with no desire whatever to impair its usefulness.
He quoted from Mr. Davis's speech in Missis-
sippi, and from Governor Lctchei's message at
Richmond, to show that the rebels did not want
union, and scouted it upon any terms. It seems
to me it ought to have occurred to so clear a thinker
as he is that he was quoting from men who have
staked their all on the success of the rebellion,
and who know that whenit fails they are lost. No
wonder they talk stiffly. No wonder they would
discourage Unionism at the South. The gentle-
man was quoting from aspiring schemers, reck-
less adventurers, and traitors of the profoundest
guilt, but not from the people of the South. Only
let our armies be successful, and our Government
just; convince the people of the South that if they
cling to the Davis despotism they will share its
fate, and that if they will abandon it, it shall be
impotent to harm them; release them from one
tyranny without subjecting them taanother, and
1 now here affirm that they will not speak as Davis
and Letcher have spoken. And when the gentle-
man quoted the resolutions of the North Carolina
Legislature, to the effect that they would never con-
sent to a reunion on any terms, it was, to my mind,
a happy and significant reply by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Perry,] "that this Con-
gress once passed the Crittenden resolution!" Yes,
sir; this Congress passed the Crittenden resolu-
tion, and found no difficulty or scruple in throw-
ing it overboard so soon as they thought the ship
could ride the storm without that old-fashioned
constitutional ballast. If we had not abandoned
that resolution North Carolina might not have
passed hers; and if we So easily abandoned a good
resolution, she may yet have the good sense and
find the courage to abandon a resolution more
honored in the breach thainn the observance. This
is a politicians5 rebellion. They were the first to
enter it, and, having risked so much, will be the
last to leave it. The people were the last to es-
pouse it, and, if we are w«e, will be the first to
abandon it.
I have said that the great issues now before the
American people will not be settled entirely by
fighting. Upon that subject I will say that! nave
not joined in the idle clamor to exclude New Eng-
land from any reconstruction. The labors of her
Warrens, her Putnams, her Hancocks, her Ad-
amses, her Websters, and her Everetts, not to
mention some of her worthy Representatives now
on this floor, form the record of her title to the
benefits of the Union. But thcie are some New
Englanders who ought to see the fact that their
conduct is often alienating and irritating in its
effects, it is very easy for gentlemen to sit here
on a cushion four hours in a day, sit down to din-
ner at five, and rise from the last course at eight;
gentlemen who represent constituents making
$1,000 a day on shoddy overcoats, pasteboard
shoes, and rotten, worm-eaten transports, (if they
are not themselves growing fat on these corrup-
tions;) it is vei y easy, 1 say, for such gentlemen,
and mean as it is easy, to insinuate treason against
members whose constituency have, three fourths
of them at different times, borne arms for the Gov-
ernment against the rebellion; and when I move
apian to reimburse poor Union men, who love
the Government bccause they are honest, and not
because they are making money out of it, for the
rails taken from their fields, the corn from their
garneis, and the meat and flour from the family
store, to drop the Tubune and spring to the floor
as if startled from a dream, and twirling u pair of
gold spectacles hung to a ribbon as broad as a
Kentucky maiden's Sunday belt, move to lay my
resolution on the table. We wage no war on New
England, but some of her imprudent sons had bet-
ter see to it that the great valleys of the Ohio and
the Mississippi, the leal seats of power on this
continent, do not cease suddenly and forever, by
a change of levenue measures, to pay legislative
tribute to the w oiks hop and academy of the nation.
One word about party. It seems scarcely proper
to go aside from the great concerns of State to say
anything about it, but I will plead for my excuse
the recent, and f might say constant, examples
set for us at the other end of the Capitol, in the
more dignified and decorous branch of the national
Legislatu re.
i have been asked if I intended to join the
Democratic party, after opposing it all my life. I
have considered the matter. I nave been in no
haste or anxiety about my party connections. It
seems to me thatafterthe mixing upand pouring
out of parties that have occurred in this country,
there is little left of any of the old parties more
than the name; and whenever I find myself agree-
ing thoroughly with the Democratic party in their
principles, I would lose my own self-respect if X'
were to chaffer with them about the name. I find
little difficulty in cooperating with the Democratic
party of to-day, as I understand their position of-
ficially expressed. But it would be impossible for
me to indorse their former platforms, embracing
the resolutions of '98 and '99. When quite a
youth I had the fortune, good or bad, to read Dan-
iel Webster on that subject, and have never gotten
over his arguments.
There are many names, but only three parties
in the country, representing three ideas. The se-
cession party, representing the idea of the disso-
lution of all government at the pleasure of a fac-
tion. Theabohtion party, representing the spirit
of intolerance; selecting, for the present,the insti-
tution of slavery for the object of its vengeance,
but which would leap the wall of the Constitution
to gore any other interest or opinion. It would
love to be tyrant over the whole country; but,
failing in this, would tear the country into frag-
ments to govern the pieces in their own way.
And there is the party representing the conserv-
ative and yet liberally progressive idea—the party
of constitutional order. At the South, and con-
fined mostly to the border States, they are the
Union party, made up mostly of Douglas Dem-
ocrats and Bell-Everett men, who stuck to Everett,
but left Bell when he left his platform. At the
North they are made up of old line Whigs, mod-
erate Republicans, and Douglas Democrats, and
the latter, forming as they do much the gi eater
number of the whole jjarty, have given name to
the alliance. Concerning the party of license
and the party of intolerance 1 have not a word
to say, except that nature and education have
united in making it impossible that 1 can belong
to either of them. The conservative party un-
doubtedly reflects several shades ofopirrion. With
the few who think that the extermination of a
whole people can in any event become a justifi-
able measure, and with the few who think it our
duty now to lay down our arms and sunenderto
this rebellion, 1 cannot agree. But I do cheer-
fully and earnestly cooperate with that party, be
it Republican, Union, or Democratic in name,
that will go foran honestand decent effort to over-
come the rebellion, and will not break the Con-
stitution by way of mending it. I have no objec-
tions to being called a Democrat, if that is deemed
the best name for the real Union conservatives of
the country.
But, Douglas Democrats, do you know some
of the men who are now impudently and Icnav-
ishly claiming to be of your kith and kin? Do
you know who are noio foremost, but were not
earliest, in shouting hosannas to the great Demo-
cjtatic party, and will make a bold and unblushing
effort next summer in my State to serve the re-
bellion under the name of Democracy? 1 can tell
you who they are. They are the men who as-
sassinated your party at Charleston and Balti-
more as ruthlessly and for the same reason that
an unnatural son would tear away the shield that
covers the bosom of his mother from his muider-
ous dagger. I hold in my hand a platfoim re-
cently put forth by some of these scheming lead-
ers in Kentucky, composed entirely of an indict-
ment against the Administration, and a series of
skillfully-worded negatives; but I have looked
through it in vain for any condemnation of the
rebellion, or for one sentence, one word, one
breath of prayer for the Government, the success
of the national arms, or the union of the States.
And who are these men who are to-day and this
hour preparing to offer themselves in Kentucky
nextsummer as Democratic candidates,and boast-
ing in the Legislature of Kentucky that they " will
beat the Union party ?n Have you looked at them
and not known them ? Have you read theirrecord,
or their present position5 Have you counted the
stripes and the spots upon their skins r Have you
smelt the odor of treason that hangs like a living
stench upon their political skirts? Have you stood
