782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
one, notwithstanding the argument which the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] made a
few days since, when this bill was up, to estab-
lish the power. -There is a section in the Consti-
tution forbidding it:
" No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or con-
federation, grant letters of marque," &c.
It matters not in what form a treaty, an alliance,
or a confederation: may bemade. If it is offered by
a State or by the Congress of the United States in
the form of a law, the one to the other, and is
accepted by the other, it is as much a compact or
a treaty as though it had been drawn up in the
most formal terms. What do gentlemen here pro-
pose? That the State of Missouri, which, as a
State of this Union, has the right to abolish sla-
very when she may please, and having abolished
it, has a right to leintroduce it whenever it may
be her wiil to do so, shall entcrinto a stipulation,
in consideration of the benefits offered by this
bill, that she shallbe forever barred and inhibited
from the introduction again of slavery into the
State. Has Congress the power to make such
.a compact, such a treaty with Missouri? If it
has, from whence does it derive it? Has the
State of Missouri the power to make such a com-
pact, such a treaty with the Congress of the Uni-
ted States against this express provision? Here
is the language of the Constitution, plain as it can
be written, that no State shall enter into any treaty
alliance, or confederation; which comprehends not
only foreign nations, but also the United States.
Missouri cannot make a compact against this
express provision of the Constitution with any
party.
Where, sir, is the power of Congress to enter
into a compact with a State? The powers of Con-
gress are limned, and are exclusively legislative
in their character. Congress has the right to
legislate within the pale of the Constitution over
Missouri; but not outside of it. Congress has no
power to make a compactor treaty with Missouri
in relation to slaves or any other subject. To make
a treaty or compact requires two parties, and that
both shall have authority to treat; and when they
have made a treaty or compact, neither can abro-
gate or modify it without the consent of the other.
Either may disregard or break it, and the only
remedy of the other is war. Congress may pass
an irrepealable law; but only in such cases in
which it has the requisite power, and that law
would confer some right upon a person or corpo-
ration that it could not reclaim. These princi-
ples apply equally to Missouri. Neither have any
authority to act in the premises. If the proposed
arrangement or compact was made in the usual
mode, being drawn up and signed by one or more
commissioners acting for Congress or the United
Statesarid fortheState,gentlemen would bestruck,
and would admit that it would be without author-
ity. The objection cannot be overcome and the
power acquired by the concurrent legislative ac-
tion of Congress and the State. Although in the
form of legislation, it would, nevertheless, in effect
and essence, he a compact. To admit or to prove
it to be a compact would establish the want of au-
thority to make it; to give it the impress of legis-
lation would make it subject to be repealed, so far
as it may be respectively enacted by Congress and
the State of Missouri, by the successors of those
who make the enactments.
Congress has as much authority to appropriate
money to the State of Missouri to assist her to
establish a system of common schools, to build
churches, or found eleemosynary institutions.
But the learned Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] reminds us that Congress has appro-
priated large bodies of the public lands to such
objects. The relation of the United States to, and
the power of Congress over, the public lands are
somewhat peculiar. The subject has become
rather obsolete, but from the year 1833, and for
eight or ten years atVr that, it was familiar to
every man wiio lead the newspapers.
Mr. Clay, in his celebrated rcpouin relation to
the public lands, and in the bill with which he ac-
companied it in 1833, for the distribution of their
proceeds, gave the most luminous exposition of
this whole subject. Virginia at one time owned
the whole Northwestern Territory, the five great
States of the Northwest, and claimed to own to the
Pacific ocean; Georgia included the present States
of Alabama and Mississippi; and Connecticut put
in some claim for a portion of Ohio called the Con-
necticut reserve, "Whatdid those States do before
the formation of the present Constitution in rela-
tion to those extensive regions ? They respectively
ceded them to the United States upon the express
condition that theUnited States should holdand ap-
propriate them for the benefit of the States, includ-
ing the ceding States. When the States were really
sovereign members of the Confederation, before
the formation of the present Constitution, these
deeds of cession were made, in substance, and ac-
cepted by the United States, as 1 have stated them.
It was one principle of Whig doctrine, that all
the States were entitled in proportion to their Fed-
eral numbers to the proceeds of the sales of all
the lands within these respective cessions, and that
the acts of Congress ceding them to the new States
to construct canals and railroads, and for other
purposes, were in violation of the terms of the
trust upon which the United States had received
them. It was contended that the section of the
Constitution providing that "all debts contracted
and engagements entered into before the adoption
of this Constitution, shall be valid against the Uni-
ted States under this Constitution as under the
Confederation," required Congress to distribute
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, ac-
cording to the terms of those deeds of cession.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has quoted Mr. Clay on this subject, 1 be-
lieve Mr. Clay supported the bill for the admis-
sion of Missouri into the Union originally; and
upon turning to that act I find that there was a
compact made between the United States and that
State upon its admission:
"Sec. 6. %And be it further enacted, That the following
propositions lie, and the same aie hereby, oft'ered to the con-
vention of the said Teriitory of Missouri, when formed, for
their free acceptance or rejection, which, it accepted by the
convention, shall he obligatory upon the United States.
" First, That section numbered sixteen in every township,
and when such section has been sold or otherwise dis-
posed of other lands equivalent theieto, and as contiguous
as may be, shall be granted to the State for the use of the
inhabitants of such township, for the use of &ehoolsi.
" Sccoml, That all salt spiings not exceeding twelve in
numbei, with six sections ot laud adjoining to each, shall be
granted to the said State for the use of said State; the hame
to be selected by the Legislature of the said State, on or be-
fore the 1st dav of January, in the year 1825; and the same,
when so selected, to boused under such terms, conditions,
and i egulations as the Legislature of said State shall direct:
Provided, That no salt spring, the right whereof now is,
or hereafter .shall be, continued or adjudged to any indi-
vidual oi individuals, shall, by tlus section, be grunted to
said State : Jlnd provided* also, That the Legislature shall
never sell or lease the same, at any one time, for a longer
period than ten years without the consent of Congress.
" Thiul, That five per cetir. of the net proceeds of the
sale of I * i - lying within the said Territory or State, and
which shall he sold by Congress from and after the Istday
of January next, after deducting all expenses incident to
the same,"shall be reserved for making public roads and
canal*, of which tin ee fifths «hall be applied to those objects
within the State, under the direction of the Legislature
thereof; and the other two fifths m defraying, under the di-
rection of Congress, the expenses to beinemied in making
of a road or roads, canal or canals, leading to the said State.
"Fou?7/i/Fhal four entire sections of land he, and the same
are hereby, granted t« the said State for the purpose of fix-
ing their «eat of government thereon ; which said sections
shall, under the direction of the Legislatuie of said State,
be located a«> near as may be In one body, at any tune, in
sucii township4* and langcs as the Legislature aforesaid may
select, on any of the public lands of the United States:
Provided^ That such locations shall be made prior to the
public sale of the lands of the United States surrounding
such location.
<■ Fifth, That thirty-six sections, or one entire township,
which'shall he designated by the President ot the United
State-), together with the othei lands beietofore reseived
tor that purpose, «,hall be resei ved lot the use of a semmaiy
of learning, and vested in the Legislature of said State, to
bo appropriated solely to the use of such seminary by the
said Legislature."
That was the obligation on the part of the Uni-
ted States. On the part of the State of Missouri
this was the provision:
" Provided, That the five foiegoing proposition? herein
offered ,uo on the condition that the convention of the said
State shall provide by an ordinance, irrevocable without the
consent of the United States, that eveiy and each tract of
land sold by the United States--, from and alter the 1st dayof
Januaiy next, shall remain exempt fiom any tax laid by
ord^r or under the authontj of the State, whether for State,
county, or township, ot any other puipo^c whatever, for
the term of fivo yparn fiom and after the day ot sale : And
further, That the bounty lands granted, oi hereafter to be
granted, for military services during the late war. shall,
while they continue to be held bv the patentee* or their
heirs, remain exempt a« afoiesaid fiom taxation for the term
of three years from and alter the date of the patents lespect-
ively."
The United States obligated themselves to do
five several things, and the State of Missouri ob-
ligated herself not to tax the public lands, and that
was to be provided for by an ordinance irrevoca-
ble in its nature. Mr. Clay supported that prop-
osition. *
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, Missouri was not
embraced in any of the deeds of cession that I have
referred to, and consequently they cannot affect,
immediately or remotely, any question connected
with the pending measure. But the Senator makes
his quotations, I presume, as precedent and au-
thority for the proposed legislative compact be-
tween Congress, or the United States, and Mis-
souri, of which this bill is to be a part. But, sir,
there is this great and essential difference between
the occasion and subject to which the Senator's
quotations belong and the pending measure. Con-
gress was then engaged in framing a law to admit
Missouri as a State, under this provision of the
Constitution:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union."
The subject was a proper and legitimate one, of
which Congress was taking cognizance by the
express warrant of the Constitution. It passed
a necessary law, in which it could incorporate any
terms and conditions upon Missouri that did not
derogate from her equality with the other States,
and in which all rights ana privileges that it might
confer, and all obligations undertaken for the Uni-
ted States to the State of Missouri not in conflict
with the Constitution, would be of perpetual ob-
ligation and irrepealable. But the present meas-
ure receives no sanction from that law, or any of
its provisions or conditions. Congress has now
taken up the subject of the emancipation of her
slaves by Missouri, with which, every advocate
of this measure admits, it has no authority to
meddle, and whicn proposition is true, whether it
was admitted or not; and it has framed an act to
give to that State $20,000,000 to aid her in that
work, upon certain conditions and restrictions im-
posed upon Missouri, and which it requires to be,
and, if accepted by Missouri, claims to be, irre-
pealable and of perpetual obligation; as also the
stipulations in the act on the part of the United
States for the benefit of Missouri. The friends
of this measure have been challenged, defied, by
its opponents to produce from the Constitution
any authority, or the semblance of any authority,
for Congress to pass it; and they have neither
adduced nor attempted to adduce any, thus con-
fessing that there is none. Can there be a greater
logical absurdity than to concede that Congress
has no power or semblance of power whatever
over the subject of emancipating slaves in the
State of Missouri—a proposition which cannot be
controverted—and yet maintain that it may appro-
priate §20,000,000 to aid her to emancipate them ?
When and how did the Treasury of the United
States and the legislative power of Congress be-
come subsidiary to the abolition schemes of Mis-
souri? Not by the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. W*+l my friend allow me
to call his attention to a precedent.5
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If I recollect—and I have
occasion to recollect it, for 1 believe the Senator
and myself were both members of Congress at the
time—when the treaty was made with Great Brit-
ain in reference to our noitheastern boundary, by
which Maine and Massachusetts relinquished a
part of their territory, they were called in as par-
ties to that treaty; they assented to it, and received
a certain compensation; and I do not know that
any objection was ever taken to it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am familiar with all those facts.
I said at the time, and I have repeated twenty times
during this session, that that portion of the treaty
was without authority on the part of our Govern-
ment to make it, and was not obligatory upon the
States whose territory was ceded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That never occurred to
them, however.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, it occurred to them; and
it was miked of, and it was a question that was
mooted extensively in private circles at the time.
They did not dare to investigate the question
closely, and it never"was investigated closely.
There was a large commission sent here from
Maine, consisting of both Democrats and Whigs.
They were combined for the purpose of prevent-
ing the question being raised. In that way the
consent or acquiescence of both parties was ob-
tained to it; but I say that the cession of territory
in the Ashburton treaty is without the authority
of the Constitution, and is of no eifect. *
