1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Conduct of the War—Mr. Ymmcrn.
Ho. c® Rhps.
beside the fresh-made graves of your sons and
brothers and cousins on every field in Kentucky
and asked yourselves who organized the guerrillas
and who invited the invasions that struck your
brave kinsmen, who had gone to defend my be-
loved State, into that bourne whence the voice of
command or the bugle note to charge will never
call them ? Their homes, sir, are in the wild for-
est, on the high mountain, in the deep glen or the
wasted field, all of which I love Use more for the
violence that has visited them. There no sister
will ever plant a rose over the unknown grave
of brother, nor widow smooth the rough clods
over the bosom of her orphans' sire, nor mother
drop a tear on the sepulchral prison of her soldier
boy, who died for me as for you. And can I for-
get whose faces beamed with joy, whose caps
flew into the air, and who made the welkin ring
with shouts for Jeff Davis and the rebellion over
a fall that draped your households in mourning?
They are the men who have taught strange doc-
trines; the men who have taught sedition, and
boasted that the Government was overthrown; the
men who, in 1860, voted and spoke and worked
for a candidate who, a few weeks after our elec-
tion and glorious victory in August, 1861, accepted
a commission m the rebel service, and in a few
weeks more entered Kentucky, that had made him
all he was and much more than he deserved to be,
at the head of an invading army. They are the
inert who denounced your great leader as an ab-
olitionist and a political scou ridrel,aud boldly pro-
claimed their preference for Mr. Lincoln over such
an " infamous disorganizer." They are the men
who, on the stump or in the Kentucky Legisla-
ture, have neveruttered one word of protestagainst
the iniquities of Montgomery and Richmond, nor
even against the invasion of their own State, but
have found.time and occasion to condemn only
their own Government. They now claim your
victory at the North andjhe reelection of your
leaders on this floor as their victory. A more cor-
rupt or a moie impudent attempt to foster party
and illy-concealed treason on the misfortunes of
the country—one of its chief misfortunes being the
present Administration—has not been furnished
in the history of this nation. They steal the liv-
ery of northern conservatism to serve the devil of
southern secession in. Their sole end is secession,
and they seek to accomplish this by sneaking into
power under the name, the prestige, and the suc-
cess of the northern Democracy, while at heart
they loathe and despise your principles. It is idle,
it is worse (ban idle, it is an outrage, for them to
claim that we must follow in their lead in our op-
position to the sins and the mistakes of the Ad-
ministration. Their persistence in this attempt,
and their refusal to join with us in our opposition
to the Administration, made for the purpose of
saving the Government, and not for securing the
success of the rebellion, will show that it is (heir
own success, and not the Government, they desire
to save, and that they are planning for their suc-
cess as a party for ulterior and hidden purposes.
I have not said these things to disparage the '
Democracy of the North—not at all; only to warn
you against a fellowship that would prove dis-
graceful and disastrous, and bring upon your heads
the indignation of yourown constituents. Ifthey
were in earnest, it would be complimentary to you
that your hue enemies should so soon claim to be
your friends, but rather indelicate just now to
claim to be your leaders.
In all that 1 have said on this subject 1 have re-
ferred only to the schemers. Thepeo'ple whom they
led into the en or of rebellion, or were caiiieJ there
by their own impulses and sympathies, and who
have seen the error of the thing and really want
peace and a permanent and happy solution of this
great calamity, and honestly desire to assist in
rescuing the country fiom the aggressions of the
Administration, without flinging Kentucky into |:
the wh n I poo I of civil war, will fall into their nat- 1'
urai places and be welcomed into the real Dem- p
ocratic Union party with warm hearts and open |j
arms. But there is danger that if we who have p
foujjht the great fight of the Union in KenUfcky 1
are it. be accounted members of the Democratic !
cht'.joh, it would mar our devotions to be placed i;
at the beginning under pastors and deacons of tin1 !
Bieckinudgu coi:spuacy and those blaiant fol- j"
low Ttf of John Bell, who were for the Union until
one State seceded, and for the Constitution until
it was rebelled against, and for enforcing the laws
until somebody violated them. I intend that the
contest in my part of the State shall be a clean
one. 1 intend that if secessionists will stultify
themselves by asking for positions under a Gov-
ernment they have tried to subvert, and offering
to swear to support a Constitution they have
scouted, they shall offer as secessionists or openly
confess their error and offer as Union men.
When the Union party of Kentucky tried to
preserve the peace of the State and of the nation,
these conspirators cried "shame, cowardice," and
fiercely demanded the State should "assume a
position" and "fake sides"in the conflict. A few
months afterwards they hung out the white flag
of peace from ten thousand house-tops, while some
of the men who raised them had commissionsfrom
Jeff Davis in their pockets, and many others were
corresponding with Governor Harris, of Tennes-
see, to arrange the invasion of Kentucky. It
would have been our own fault if they had de-
ceived us then—it would be our disgrace if they
were to do it now. They talk about cooperating
with northern Democracy ! In their unconditional
demand for peace do they indorse the war policy
of the I iidiana 30th of July convention, and their
platform upon which Indiana was carried by the
Democracy? Do they indorse Governor Sey-
mour's war policy? Not they. In their demands
for an armistice do they couple it with a repudi-
ation of secession and the condition of never sur-
rendering the Union, as is done in the resolutions
offered in northern Democratic Legislatures? Not
they. They are not Democrats, but secessionists.
I now submit to gentlemen on this floor, and to
gentlemen all over the country, whether they will
by their conduct give plausibility and influence to
this secession scheme in Kentucky. I give them
an opportunity to espouse it or repudiate it. No
man can stand in his place on this floor and deny
that the northern Democracy succeeded on two
ideas—opposition to the usurpations of the Admin-
istration and an earnest constitutional war against
the rebellion. Thcpc were the reasons Union men
in Kentucky rejoiced; these were the reasons they
proposed, and yet stand ready to cooperate with
you. You cannot deny that the war plank was
in your platform, and the question is, will you
now throw it away and urge peace and union, but
peace any how, with rebels who will accept peace
only with disunion? 1 would be false to myself,
false to my constituents, and false to the coun-
try, if I failed to warn you against the effects of
this.
It is interesting to study the direction, the depth,
and the velocity of political currents in revolution-
ary times, and ascertain by the lights of history
and the principles of human nature what will be the
result of the combination of influences; whether
a calm, a gentle flow, a rapid rush, or a whirl-
pool. In our case, the enormous usurpations of
the Administration alarmed and enlightened the
country into conservatism. But it is the conserv-
atism of a population whose highest and most
earnest political conviction is directed against the
rebellion. They deemed obedience to the Con-
stitution the safest for their own liberties and the
most potent engine to be directed against the re-
bellion. You taught them these lessons. If now
you abandon your own teachings and advocate a
surrender, it will manifestly have two effects. It
will strengthen the abolition war policy of north-
ern radicalism by driving into it those who will
go to its support in resenting: the fraud practiced
upon them, and it will lay the foundation of an
abolition party m the border States by driving to
their support many Union men, many slavehold-
ers, who, choosing, as they think, the least of
two evils, will go with the party who will wield
the Government to protect them against the rebel-
lion. Let us beware Iryt the radical party is not
stronger six months hence than it is to-day. 1
tell gentlemen, and I sneak what I know, th-it the
Union men of the bonlerStates are not yet ready
to surrender. The policy of peace on any terms
evidently erieonra^eh the rebels to demand their
own {enns, sn the hope they will be granted. But
if we finnly hold our to them the choice between
peace,conservatism, and Union on one hand, and
the question who can pound the longest at this
war on the other, thev will not be twelve months
more making their choice* My first public act
after I was elected to a seat on this floor, in Octo-
berlast, was to congratulate theconservativeDem-
ocrats of Indiana on their success, and at the same
time to warn them against the danger of an exr
cessive reaction. I repeat both the congratulation
and the warning, extending them frorti one Statd
to the whole nation. Kentucky was stow to en-
ter into this war. Let those who once reviled her
because of her attempt to achieve one of those vic-
tories of peace no less renowned than those of war,
beware tnat Kentucky constancy does not yet be-
come astanding rebuke to them, and (hat wcwho
once tried to stay the tide of war, do -not yet have
to spur the flagging spirits erf those who, in their
earlier eagerness for battle, did neither understand
nor try to understand the pure patriotism and high
moral courage that prompted our position in the
beginning of this desperate strife.
Mr, Chairman, we are in the midst of avast
scheme, inaugurated by a party lately dominefht
but now repudiated by the people, to revolutionize
the Government and make it an instrument in
the hands of a one-idea party to accomplish their
political prejudices. It is the more painful that
this naughty and impracticable scheme should be
seriously entertained at a time when the existence
of the Government is endangered by the rebel*
lion, and when the Administration, especially in
its financial affairs, is not much more than able
to stand alone. I am not alarmed. I seek not
to alarm others. I am not excited. I have ceased
to fyet at this gieat matter. I am as calm as the
virgin bosom of the forest lake when it kisses with-
out a ruffle the earliest gray beams of morning at
dawn of the calmest day in blooming June or
ripe October. But I cannot close my eyes against
the march of events, and my mind will not reject
their logic. I agree with thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Sfaulding] that we must have victo-
ries, our arms must be successful, or we are, for
the present, undone. I mean thorough, fruitful,
crushing victories on the Waterl.oo order.
We luiveanothcrexampleof the policy to which
I am objecting in the bill for the admission of
West Virginia. I foretold, though not on this
floor, that it would be looked upon at the South
as an abandonment of the main prize at stake and
an ignominious scrambling for the scraps. It was
natural itshould,and my apprehensions haveheen
confirmed by the calm exultation of the rebel Gov-
ernor of Virginia over this measure. With the
waywardness, the folly, and the political sins of
the sons of modernVirginia I have no sympathy.
But I do have a veneration for the memory of my
political grandmother, for the patriotism, the ge-
nius, the eloquence, the courage nf that histor-
ical Old Dominion, the mother of States and of
statesmen. Have gentlemen forgotten her bounty
and her generosity in granting away to us, much
less than a century ago, an empire embracing the
largest continuity of fiist-class soil on the earth;
that in the gift she consented, as gentlemen on
the other side express it, that this vast and pro-
lific region should be " dedicated to the cause of
freedom," and that out of this more than regal
gift hove been created four great States, three of
them already surpassing their mother in material
resources and free population? And shall she now
be rewarded by tearing her, limb from body, be-
cause in a fit of anger or fear, to which all com-
munities are subject, she smote the covenant she
made with her sisters of the Revolution ?
And here is the proposition to parcel off the ter-
ritory of the rebel States and the property of rebel
men among our soldiers now, before we can erect
in that political desert our own national emblem,
that ought to be made, where it goes, the symbol
of meicyas of justice, of law as of power. It
is proposed to convey m fee simple that which the
Government can confessedly enter and hold but
for the life of another: and to do that before we
are able to pluck a**blade from its sod or deliver
n twig or a piece of turf to assure the seizin of
the tenant who is to enter by our authority and
consent. It was customary with the Franks,the
Normans, and others, when they had conquered a
country to parcel it out among their chiefs, and
they in turn to subdivide it among their military
retainers. We are asked to improve upon the
good taste and the decency of semi-barbarians by
dividing it before we possess it, and at a time, too,
