1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sir, there is but one mode by which any por-
tion of the territory of one of the States of the
United States can be lopped off from it and be
added to a foreign country, and that is by the call
of aconvention and an amendment of the Consti-
tution giving its express consent to such lopping
of the territory of the United States. As i have
always maintained, and as I still believe, the only
mode in which that portion of the territory of
Maine, and probably some of the other New Eng-
land States, could have constitutionally disunited
from the State and annexed to a foreign dominion
was to call a sovereign convention in whic^hat
proposition should be incorporated as an amend-
ment to the Constitution,and be ratified according
to the forms prescribed by that instrument itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator rec-
ollect that Vetmont and New York both got an
addition of territory by that treaty; and that the
United States came into possession of the military
post at Rouse's Point?
Mr. DAVIS. That does not touch the question
of constitutional power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would the Senator hold
that that is still a part of the Canadas, and does
not belong to the United States?
Mr. DAVIS. ' It is sufficient for me to say that
no part of the State of Maine has been validly and
constitutionally detached from it, or can be ex-
cept in the mode which I have indicated. I am
not prepared to say what effect the long acqui-
escence of Maine would have; but of course the
territory could not be reclaimed without war, or
another treaty with Great Britain. The case of
Maine is unlike that of Missouri in this: it ori-
ginated* out of a treaty the subject of which was
properly before the Power that made it. But why
was the consent of Maine asked ? Could her con-
sent enlarge the treaty-making power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, even in relation to
the cession of a part of her own territory ? Most
certainly not. Can the agreement or a compact
between Congress and the State of Missouri add
to the legislative powers of Congress, or make an
act passed by it valid and constitutional, which,
without such agreement or compact, would be un-
constitutional and invalid ? Does the Senator from
Maine contend that the Ashburton treaty in any
of its features gives countenance to a position so
absurd? Can Maine and the Government of the
United States, and Missouri and Congress, by
their special and separate agreements and compacts
proceed, outside of the limits of the Constitution,
to develop, augment, and create new and strange
powers indefinitely ? No, sir*, the powers of the
Government of the United States and of Congress
are defined and fixed by the Constitution, and ihey
know neither increase nor diminution except by
its amendment. And any terms, stipulations, or
agreement with which Missouri might attempt
to bind herself, either by ordinary legislation or
amendment of her constitution, in consideration
of this void and unconstitutional legislation of
Congress, would have no obligation whatever.
I accord with the solemn monition given by
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
in this Chamber a few days si nee,that the life of
this nation is now trembling ni the balance." Sup-
pose the United States Governmentshould prove
unequal to put down the rebellion—which to my
mind is a most painful problem—how could the
rebel States be formally disunited from the other
States and properly recognized as an independent
power? Not by the ordinary treaty-making power
of the Government. Will Senators assert the posi-
tion that the treaty-makmg power is competent to
acknowledge the independence of nearly half the
States separately or collectively? That power
cannot thwart, but must act in subordination to
certain vital and paramount obligations of the
United States established by the Constitution.
Among them are to "guaranty to every State in
the Union a republican form of government,"
" to protect each of them against invasion" and
"against domestic violence," "to execute the
laws of the Union, and to suppress insurrec-
tions" in all the States and m the whole territory
of the United States. The treaty-making power
cannot release the Government from these obli-
gations; it might be and remain unable to perform
them; butthe only power that could formally and
legitimately discharge the remaining States and
their government from them and recognize the
revolted States separately ov unitedly as inde-
pendent, would be a sovereign convention of the
States.
But, Mr. President, I am against this measure
upon the ground of its inexpediency a&) its in-
justice to Missouri. My honorable friend, [Mr.
Henderson,] for whom and whose State I have
as much interest as I have for any State outside
of my own, has admitted here that there are about
one hundred thousand slaves in that State; that
even according to the principle of excluding the
disloyal owners of slaves from-compensation, the
Government ought to make compensation for one
hundred thousand belonging to loyal owners.
Will you make a bargain about the value of those
slaves and determine their value at this time? Sup-
pose you had gone to New London, or to New-
port, Salem, and other Atlantic ports that were
blockaded by British fleets in the war of 1812, and
it was kept up for months, and where all their
commerce, their business, and their sources of in-
come and prosperity had been dried up, would it
have been just and right to value houses in those
cities that had been taken for public use, for what
they then would have sold for, or for what would
have been their value in the ordinary condition
and circumstances of those cities ? Now, we are
in a state of war, civil, internecine, ravaging the
whole State of Missouri, and gentlemen make an
assessment for her slaves under the present state
of fact that is temporary and accidental, that must
pass away. Those slaves should not be appraised
under such astate ofcase. What slaves prove worth
in times of peace before the commencement of our
troubles, what they would be worth in Missouri
after these troubles shall have passed away, that
is the criterion by which the owners are entitled
to be remunerated for them.
I have known slave men to sell for $2,000—me-
chanics, rouerh carpenters, and blacksmiths. 1
have known field hands,again and again, through
years, all over the State of Kentucky, and by the
most authentic information, all over the southern
States, to sell for from fifteen to seventeen hundred
dollars. I have known female slaves, again and
again, to sell for from a thousand to fifteen hun-
dred dollars. I have known slave men to hire for
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred dollars
a year, and I have known slave women to hire for
from seventy-five to one hundred and fifty dollars
a year. When persons have a property that will
hire at these prices, and you tell them that their
slaves in the average are not worth three hundred
nor two hundred dollars, do you expect to get any
credence? No, sir. If you were to bring all the
manufactures of New England into the market at
once, all the iron manufactures of the whole coun-
try into the market at once, the supply would be
vastlygreater than thedemand,and they would sell
for an inconsiderable sum, as price, to what they
could be sold for if they were,-put into market ac-
cording to the ordinary course of business; and if
the slaves of Missouri had been put into the mar-
ket hi the ordinary way, before this war began,
those slaves would have averaged something like
six hundred dolla's a head; five hundred dollars
certainly. Gentlemen here from free States, far
from theslave States, who know nothingaboutthe
value of slaves, claim an infallible judgment m re-
lation to these matters, when, in truth, they have
no knowledge about them, lam speaking of things
that I know, that I have experienced, that I have
seen through years of my lite; and 1 here say that,
: under ordinary circumstances, the average value
11 of the slaves of Missouii would be, at a moderate
ji estimate, five hundred dollars per head.
:| Now, sir, to waive the question how far, under
!j the Constitution, disloyal as well as loyal men
wouldheentitled toaremunerationfortheirslaves,
|j restricting it to loyal men alone, according to the
j! estimate of the honorable Senator from Missouri
I! there are one hundred thousand slaves to he paid
for; and at $500 per head, they would be worth
j| $50,000,000; not m your "greenbacks," but in
[i gold and silver. If the owners were allowed to
\\ hold them, they would make them work in their
! tobacco and hemp fields, and all the other modes
! of employment, and make them fully ot the value
| I have placed upon them. They would earn them
: three or four times the interest upon $500. And
■ now you propose to give to the peopleofMissouri,
; forproperty thatisworth$50,000,000,$20,000,000
!| in a stock bearing an interest ot five per cent.,which
[j the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Wil-
• ! son] says lie is assured from authentic soiuces
would not command more than about $9,000,000
in coin. ;
Sir, if you can take this property by compact,
I reckon you cannot take it against the consent-
of the owners without making just compensation'
to them. What slave owner in Missouri, wha£
fair and just-minded man anywhere, acquainted
with the subject, would say that would be an ap-
proximation of a just compensation for her slaves?
Mr. President,! did not intend to enter into this
debate when it first came up; and if it had not been
for the persistent efforts of gentlemen to prove
that by'votingfor the President's sentiment we
were committed to vote for this measure, i should
have remained silent.
Mr. TURPIE. Mr. President, it would be
well at first thought, it would seem, if the whole
world could exist under one form of government.
It would be a vast economy in the maintenance
of foreign relations. It would dispense forever
with the armies and navies of the globe, the eter-
nal witnesses?of national jealousy. It would
settle forever the great question of the balance
of power. In the community, however, it has
been ordered that the interest of the whole is best
promoted by the pursuit of the interest of the in-
dividual in his particular sphere. The self-in-
terest of nationsand of communities has demand-
ed separation and different nationalities—separa-
tion not to be avoided by identity of language,
by identity of religion, by geographical conti-
guity—not to be avoided in any event where the
true and real interests of the community may dic-
tate it.
I do not say this, sir, in justification of the
crime of secession, but I say it to show how en-
tirely imbecile and weak is the plea for national
unity,founded only upon the circumstance of geo-
graphical contiguity, and the identity of race, of
religion, and of language. Self-interest divides
and it separates. The American Union was
formed on the principle of different interests of
local communities being protected and more ef-
fectually protected by that Union than by any
other means. It was formed upon the sole idea
that the reserved rights of the States and the peo-
ple should not be interfered with by the General
Government so created
It is useless to talk about imaginary lines not be-
ing sufficient to divide nationalities. Sir, the line
which divides your own State from the Canadas
is an imaginary line drawn by the compass of the
surveyor. Its virtue, its power, its efficiency,are
as well known to every negro-larcenous fenatic
in this country as it is to that pleasant speaker of
parables who darkens the presidential mansio^
with his shadow and yet refuses to recognize the
efficiency of a line thus drawn. If we would pre-
serve national integrity, if we would extend and
keep expanded the national domain, we shall have,
above all things, to show that the interests of com-
munities, the interests of States, the interests of
Territories, the interests of the future population
who are to inhabit this country, will be best sub-
served and protected by a national Government.
The moment you abandon that doctrine, the mo-
ment the Federal Government, under any excuse,
under any pretense whatever, interferes in such
a way as to show that it no longer consults the
reserved rights of the States and the people and
the self-interest of separate communities compos-
ing it, you destroy the only tie which can bind
them to our nationality.
The States made the Union; the Union did not
make the States. It is a sufficient answer to the
dogma that the States have no status out of the
Union to say that the States existed before the
Union, and must have existed out of it. The
Union was formed solely upon the idea that cer-
tain rights should be reserved. What rights are
they? The right of life, of liberty, of the pursuit
of happiness; the right of property, its acquisi-
tion, Us possession, its disposition after the death
of the owner; the right of freedom of the press;
the toleration of religious opinion; the right of
freedom of speech; all the most sacred rights of
political,domestic, and social relations are among
, those reserved to the States and the people, and
cannot be interfered with by the General Govern-
! | ment in any manner whatever. If there had not
!j been such a reservation the Union never could
jl have existed; and if thai reservation be destroyed
i> the Union will perish with its destruction,
i The guardians of these rights—you may eall
