1863.'
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrBOBE.
37tii Coxg....3d Sess.
Restoration of Peace—Mr. Wood.
Ho. ob* Reps.
floor; they appear in many forms among those
who have a disunion scheme to accomplish by dis-
paraging the border States. I scorn such knaves
arid fools. We are a thousand times more loyal
than they, or we would before now been in arms
against their injustice and nonsense.
I am not talking about northern soldiers. They
have suffered much and accomplished more.
Kentucky,'while having put a third of her sons
in the field, is yot profoundly grateful to them for
the assistance they rendered her in an hour of
peril. Nor am 1 talking about preachers. 1 love
a preacher—an earnest, upright man, who says
and feels "woe isunto me if I preach not the Gos-
pel." I appreciate such men as they deserve, and
agree with one of them that "the corruption and
perversion of the ministry is the greatestcalamity
that can befall any land." No; I am alluding to
those ornamental pulpitcharacters whogo to one
ball, one theater, and twoopeias every week, and
lecture twice every Sunday on "old parchments,"
sometimes called constitutions*, editors who shoot
better with the quill than the rifle, and never hit
the mailt with either; and smart hotel politicians
with rakish moustache, infinitesimal shirt collars,
and enormous breeches.
In my discussion of tho proclamation I asked
anothcrquestion winch has not yetbeenanswered,
and winch will not be, though I then did and do
now call especial attention to it. It was this: if
the Union can be restored by abandoning the proc-
lamation, which would the radicals prefer, the
Union or the negro? Have gentlemen considered
what great difficulties these proclamations may
become in our way, if adhered to? What does an
armed rebel care for paper proclamations while
he is beating us in the more practical business of
war? He fears not, but laughs at us and thanks
us for them. We get all the blame for evil inten-
tions without exciting any fear of our ability to
enforce them. He thanks us because the procla-
mations do not free the negro, but enable him to
continue Ins despotism over the white man.
It is a terrible undertaking in another light.
When once done it can never be undone, provided
you are honest and acted with the authority of
law on your side; because if you have the right
to emancipate the slave, having once done it, you
have 110 light to reenslave him. Those who con-
tend that the relation was illegal and sinful ab in-
itio, would scarcely consent to remand a freed man
into that condition. Then having told the wgio
he is freed, and pledged to his support the Army
and Navy of the Government to maintain that
freedom, suppose the fortunes of war vary, or
without varying, continue to favor the rebel*, and
we become wholly unable to comply with our
promise. What shall we do? Continue the war
forever, or break faith with the negro? 1 ask foi
information, not to embanassanybody. If proc-
lamations are so powerful as to free four million
slaves, L suggest that one be issued to imprison
only a tenth of that number of men, say foui hun-
dred thousand rebel soldiers, and end the wai at
one stroke of the pen. And taking that procla-
mation with tho one about martial law, military
arrests, trials, and executions, let us be careful that
while one fails to free four millions of the black
race, the other does not succeed in enslaving
twenty millions of the white race.
The business before us is to break the military
power of the rebellion. That done, and no ex-
termination, no abolition will be needed. With-
out that we can do nothing; with that all smaller
difficulties will vanish, or surrender, easy victims
to the good sense of the Ameucan people. The
houi of compromise, of armistice, of peace, has
not yet arrived. Let us quit proclaiming great
things, and commence doing something practical.
Let us beat the rebels if we can, and then have a
family talk, and see if the Constitution as it is is
incompatible with the Union as it was, and as it
ought to be again; and my word for it we will
b. nt you at the polls, and we will do it without a
■vote fiom the seceded States.
Note. The foregoing speech was prepared im-
mediately after the Grover resolutions were in-
ttoduced into ihe Kentucky House of Represent-
atives, and before the meeting of the so-called
Democratic convention at Frankfort, on the 18< h
instant.
RESTORATION OF PEACE.
SPEECH OFJHON. BENJ. WOOD,
O? NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
Februaiy 27, 1863,
On the proposition for a general convention to devise meas-
ures tor tho restoration of peace to our country.
Mr. WOOD. During the first session of the
present Congress, and one week before the slaugh-
ter at Manassas had awakened our people to the
realities of war, I offered in this House the follow-
ing resolution:
Resohed, That this Congress recommend the Governors
of the several State?: to convene their Legislature?, for the
purpose of calling an election to select two delegates from
each eongreshional district, to meet in ireneial convention
at Louisville, in Kentucky, on the fii>t Monday of Septem-
ber next, the purpose of the said convention to be to devise
measures for the ic-stoiation of peace to our country.
That resolution was laid upon the table. In
its place, from time to time, emanated from this
and other branches of the Government certain
edicts,laws,and proclamations which, while pow-
erless to affect rebellion at the South, have revo-
lutionized the political sentiment of the North.
I sincerely believe that had my resolution been
adopted, the then vacillating feeling of the South
would have been won to honorable compromise,
and the blessings of peace and Union would this
day cheer the land. But even if ineffectual—look-
ing back to the period when I presented it, and
over the blood-stained recoid of the intervening
time—I feel that its adoption could have lent no
additional horrors to that fearful history. If the
logic of events should bring the conviction that
the course I then suggested might have averted
from our country the curse of a desolating war,
the responsibility of its rejection will not be mine.
Sir, 1 desire to shun the language of icproach,
and to a\oid unnecessaiy retrospection. 1 drag
the past fi om its shtoud only as an imploration for
the future. For two years we have been leagued
with d'-aih. We have inflamed ourselves into the
wildest state of wailike fienzy. In our legisla-
tive halls, in our market-places, and in our tem-
ples of worship, we have tumbled the white image
of peace from its pedestal. Upon the edge of the
sword we have balanced our country's fate. We
have rebuked and vilified and chastised and shut
out from the light of heaven all those that would
not reecho the hoaise notes of war. Passion,ex-
citement, an overstrained philanthropy, a false
inspiration for the emblem of our nationality, a
heroic but misdirected devotion to the Union, all
these have had their sway. It is lime that reason
should sit m judgment, taking counsel only from
humanity. We invoked the spirit of war to save, it
came but to destroy. Ourtrea.surirs are emptied.
Our posteuty will be accursed with a crushing
debt. Hundreds of thousands of our bravest rest
111 untimely graves. As many more, limbless,
with shattei ed fiames or broken by disease, moan
in hospitals, or crave alms by "the highways.
Everywhere the garb of mourning afflicts theeye
—a silent reproach fiom orphans, widows, and
bereaved parents. The death-blow, struck upon
the battle-field, is felt in the cottager's distant
house. There you may find the saddest ^pcord
of the war. You will'trace it in the lines upon
the matron's blow; you will see it in the white-
ness of the young bride's cheek; you will hearit
in the subdued tones of the father's voice, who
feels the staff of his age shivered from his grasp.
Graves m our valleys, sufferers in our hospitals,
desolation at every hearthstone, distrust in our
rulers,distrust in ourselves, bankruptcy,anarchy,
and ruin—these are the triumphs won by your
relentless policy.
All that has been done is but what, were the
past revocable, reason and humanity would re-
call. With all respect for the valor of our armies,
and without reproach to the capacity or fidelity
of our generals, not one tangle of this gordian knot
has the sword scveied: not one avenue has it carved
through the frowning and steadily enlarging bar-
rier between North and Sou'h. j
The close of each campaign tells the repeated i
tale of victories ban en of all fruits, or of defeats '
with an equal absence of result; of advance and ;
retrogression; of generals hurried up to the high j
postofhonorsand ashastily thrust aside. The Ad- ;
ministration, through its partisan presses, occu-
pies the people with rich promises of achieve-
ments in the future, but achieves only the st$le
nothings of the past. Assuming that ther^con-
struction of the Union is the object of the struggle,
1 ask every citizen not willfully blind to our pres-
ent condition, have we not been receding from
that object? Has all this blood-letting abated one
jot the fever of rebellion ? Has it not confirmed
its malignity; deep-seated it into the very south-
ern heart? Sir, it has done more; it has made
disunion the sentiment of the entire South.
ft is habitual to throw the weight of responsi-
bility for our impotence upon the Administra-
tion and its generals. Imbecility and incompe-
tence have indeed been sufficiently conspicuous,
but not to these do 1 attribute the failure, the utter,
unequivocal, and irremediable failure of our en-
terprise of conquering back the Union. The failure
of the scheme is simply due to the impossibility
of its accomplishment. We can never, by force
of arms, control the will of a people our equals
in the attributes of enlightened manhood; and
while the" will of that people remains adverse to
political companionship with us, political com-
panionship is impossible. Bloodshed, destruc-
tion of property, and occupation of lands are pos-
sible; much suffering, grief, and folly are possible;
we have too sadly proved it; but a constrained
union of sovereign States is an impossibility,
which, if Omnipotence could accomplish, Omni-
science would not attempt. Six million Ameri-
cans, whether they occupy the North, the South,
the East, or the West, cannot be governed except
in accordance with their sovereign will.
Sir, I mean this not as an idle compliment to
the American character. The experience of the
past twelve months has revealed in that so much
of passion, pride, and blood thirst, that I am more
inclined to humility than boastfulness. i feel that
upon the fresh, pure soil of the New Woild we
have throwp the seeds of discord, and they will
take root. But while my experience, and the test-
imony of our fathers through eighty-seven years
of prosperity and progress, have well established
my faith in the beneficence of a union^ of the
States, I cannot understand that its blessings are
of a nature to be enjoyed upon compulsion.
But granting it possible, the question arises of
equal moment,is it desirable? Has not thestrug-
gle already been too fierce to admit of unity aod
cordial feeling between a conqueiing and a con-
quered section? Sir, I fear it has. 1 believe that,
while the memory of this war exists, the people
of the North and South, united by constraint,
would never sufficiently forgive the past year's
record to admit of kindly relationship in the same
political household. Right or wrong, men will
cling to their own impressions of a great and san-
guinary struggle, in which they or theirsires have
been participants. As the living fathers of future
geiieialions this day feel, so will they bequeath
to their children, and in natural course the North
and South will nurse their own and separate views
of this* unparalleled epoch of carnage and conten-
tion.
Will the text-book of history conned by the boys
of Massachusetts serve hereafter in the school-
rooms of the Carolinas? Will the stories of Ma-
nassas, of Shiloh, of An tietam, of Fredericksburg,
ofa hundred other battle-fields, be told in the same
spirit northward and southwaid from the banks
of the Potomac? Will the winter talcs be similar
when the youth of either section gather aboutthe
hearthstone, and feel the young blood tingl# in
their veins at the words of white-haired heroes?
Will the matrons of Louisiana train their offspring
to venerate the name of Butler? Will the remem-
brances of Davis, Lee, and Johnston be identical
in New England and Virginia? No,sir. Unless
mutual consent should leunite us, the pages of
history and the words of tradition will breathe of
the sympathies that now exist; and the genera-
tions to come will as surely be educated to diatinct
and opposite prejudices. The school-room, the
pulpit, and the press would then, as now, incul-
cate doctrines that cannot assimilate, and in this
Capitol, the representatives of the people would
be the icprcsentatives of sectional antipathies.
Sir, to avoid this, we must avoid inflicting the
sung of submission, or engendering the pride of
conquest.
