1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ^LOBE.
m
I ask my young friend, the Senator from Mis-
souri, whether he is willing to inaugurate such a.
system as that?
"What would be the fate of the slave is as certain as is
the fate of the North American Indian, thedtffoience being
that the Indian flies from civilisation, which destroy-* him,
while the imitative and mild-tempered African clings to civ-
ilization, which as certainly destroys Aim."
***** * * * * *
il From some of our western States the colored man has
been entirely excluded. This is a wise provision, and a
merciful one, to the blacks who come into the free Slates
only to drag out a few years in some menial employment,
and then disappear with their tamihes, it' they have any.
leaving no trace behind, ff history and experience tcacii
us anything, it is this, that two races constituted like the
Anglo-Saxon anil the Afiicau can never coexist in a state
of equality, winch means competition. So long as the in-
ferior lace is in a dependent condition, and can claim sup-
port and protection from the white, it remains, with rare
exceptions, contented and happy, the gieat burden ot such
a relation falling, in fact, upon the master, and not upon the
slave. The moment that lelation is changed, the negro,
thrown upon his own resources, and exposed to the wither-
ing and blasting effect* of thai ineradicable antipathv which
exists toward-* all of African descent, that moment.his fate
is sealed ; he perishes like the autumn leaves when comes
a killing frost, and in course of a very few generations not
a vestige remains to show that he had ever existed "
And, sir, can you change the course of history;
can you change the inevitable course of events
which must occur if you goon pursuing this policy
of emancipation, throwing the blacks widespread
over the North ? There arc no friends of the black
man who can advocate a policy like that. He is
the worst enemy of the negro who will attempt
it, because it must lead to his inevitable destruc-
tion,
Mr. President, I have occupied more time than
I intended when I rose; but it does seem to mo,
in watching the course of legislation pursued in
this Chamber and in the other, and the course
pursued at the extreme end of the avenue, that
we are engaged in the most impracticable system
of legislation that the world has ever known. I
know nothing like it, except it may be in that cole- ij
brated acadcmy which that master of sarcasm
speaks of at Lagado, in the island of Liputa, <|
where political philosophers were found engaged |j
in all sorts of experiments. One was engaged in ||
endeavoring to bottle up sunbeams extracted out j,
of cucumbers for the purpose of letting them out 1
in inclement seasons to protect the governor's gar-
den. Another was engaged in attempting to build
houses from the roof downwards; and another in
attempting to make silk out of cobwebs; and a
fourth in attempting, As I remember, to calcine
ice into gunpowder. Senators, you may as easily
calcine ice into gunpowder, manufacture cobwcbs
into silk, build houses from the root downward,
or extract sunbeams from cucumbers, as you can
subdue this rebellion by measures like those that
you are attempting to pass through both Houses
of Congress.
My friend, if I may call him so on a short ac-
quaintance, the Senator from JNcw Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] in some very eloquent temarks that
he made the other day, exclaimed that he saw,
through emancipation, the pathway to the crush-
ing out of this rebellion and to the establishment
of°x lasting peace. I will say to the Senator from
New Hampshire, if he can only prove to my con-
stituents that that pathway will lead out of the
lurid glare of war into the shadow of a lasting
peace,°they will even strain a constitutional point
to travel that pathway with him. But, sir, I am
afraid it is among the impracticable measures of
legislation which seem to oiiginate on the other ^
side of the Chamber, and which I fear wiil have i|
but little effect. The President of the United States, j
in his message, told the country that history would ,1
never forget him nor this Congress. Sir, I do not ,
thinkitwill. As Sir CharlesTownshend once said .
to Lord Thurlow,who was an exceedingly profane ;;
man, when, in ahnrst ofenthusiasm upon the floor ;;
of Parliament he said, " if I forget my sovereign j'
may my God forget me"—"no, no/' said the j
witty To wnshend," he will see you damned first. |<
A.nd that, Senators, t am afraid will be our con-
dition with history if we go on passing these
enormous acts. . '
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to say a word in a r
perfectly calm and quiet way. My colleague, in j.
the course of his remarks, has seen fit to allude lo s
a resolution submitted by mo at the last session of ,
Congress. /
IVlr. WALL. I will give my colleague the reso- i1
lution; peihaps ho has foigotten it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Not at all, sir; I ha*r a rhs- '
tinct recollection of the resolution. I abide by it
to-day as firmly as I did the day I introduced it in
the Senate, and I am glad to find that my colleague
coincides with me in the sentiment it contains.
He declares it is the sentiment which lie enter-
tains. IIo theoretically adopts it. I hope that
my colleague will on every occasion be found to
act up to it in his conduct and his practice. In
the general principles there enunciated 1 declared
that the Constitution was paramount, and that the
Union was to be maintained in accordance with
its principles and its doctrines; that all men were
required to pay obedience to it; and that even the
Government itself, by violating its precepts, would
be as guilty of treason as a private individual.
Mr. WALL. Will my colleague allow me to
interrupt him ? 1 have no doubt at all that that
is the construction he put upon it. It is the con-
struction which I accept, and therefore there is
hardly a necessity for his arguing that point any
further. I have no doubt that that was the inten-
tion . It is the idea which 1 have in my own mind.
K is the idea which 1 believe is entei tained by
every loyal man in the North.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Undoubtedly.
Mr. WALL. Unquestionably.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I only object to the use
that my colleague saw fit to make of it. He inti-
mated, as I understood him, that it was a decla-
ration aimed at the Government; that they were
about to violate the Constitution, or that the Gov-
ernment had violated the Constitution m some of
its transactions.
Mr. WALL.
idea at all. i
Mr. TEN EYCK. That was the idea which j
would naturally be conveyed by the expressions j
of my colleague m his speech,and in the tone and |
connection of his remaiks; and it was to correct
any idea of that soi t that I rose upon this occasion. ,
Now, sir, I do not behove that the proposition j
contained in this bill does violate any provision j
of the Constitution. I do not believe that the ap-
1 did not wish to convey that j
propriation of money designed by this bill will ;
amount to a violation of the Constitution of the j
United States. I believe that the Treasmy can '
be called upon and used fis lawfully and pioperiy
in this way, to put an end to or ei ipple the rebel-
lion, as by paying for the propeny of people in
Missouri taken for public use, 01 paying for any
chattel or article of pioperty of citizens thus taken
to effect such a result. I have no doubt upon that
subject.
Now, sir, a few words more, since 1 am np, in
relation to the bill before the Senate. I do not feel
inclined, nor am 1 cctUm that 1 shall vote for the
bill in its present shape. I undeistand it to pro-
pose an appropi lation of §20,000,000, or a pledge
of the bonds of the United States to that amount,
to the State of Missouri for the immediate abo-
lition of slavery therein, oi $10,000,000 for the
gradual emancipation of slaves there. It is in the
alternative: if slavery shall be abolished by the
agency of the State, through its convention, or by
any organic law, any constitutional act, as early
as then Congress by this bill undertakes to
pledge itself to appiopnate $20,000,000 for that
put pose. Cut if it is to take effect after that pe-
liod, it proposes to npprnpuate $10,000,000, pro-
vided the emancipation takes place by 18TG.
Mr. WALL. Will my colleague p< rout mc to
interrupt him one moment, to <ihk him a single
question? I understand, if 1 can catch his re-
marks, that he is arguing m favor of ihe consti-
tutionality of this bill. Am I correct'
Mr. TfcN EYCK. I am not arguing.
Mr. WALL. Louder.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It would give me veiy great
pleasure if my colleague would come to this side
of the Chamber wheie he could hear me better.
Mr. WALL. I simply osk the question now.
I will go on that side piesently.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 dm not arguing the ques-
tion of constitutionality. I have not attempted
to raise that question, further than to say that i
have no doubt'of its constitutionality.
Mr WALL. i ask, then, my colleague asim-
ple question: does he believe that this Congress
have the rhrht to appiopnate money to pay for
divorce suits in the State of Missouri? because,if
they have that power, they certainly may have the
power to pay fordissolvmg the bond between mas-
ter and slave. Tht-v arf both domestic instun-
Mr. TEN EYCK. " Sufficient unto.the day is
the evil thereof." We are now upon the subject
of emancipating slaves in the State of Missouri,-
and not upon divorces, or rather of rendering aid
on the part of theGencral Government for the pur-
pose of aiding that State in that objeci; and t re-
iterate what I said before, that I have no doubt in
my own mind of the right of Congress thus to ap-
propriate money to cripple and put an end to tins
rebellion. Ido not believe theGovernment, 01* the
President, or Congress, in proposing this meas-
ure, propose an unconstitutional one. 1 believe
it to be constitutional; and so far as I believe in
the expediency and propriety of the measure, £ am
prepared to go for it; and if I am not satisfied of
the expediency or propriety of it to the extent
which this bill proposes, I am not prepared to go
for it to that extent.
But certain persons have said that the Senate,
or such members of Congress as voted for the res-
olution to which reference lias been already made,
are committed to vote for this measure. I do not
so understand it. During the month of April last,
not quite a year ngo, the President sent to both
Houses of Congress a resolution. Both Houses
of Congress passed that resolution by decided
votes, and it was in the following words—I beg
leave to read it again, although it has been rqad,
that it may go along with my remarks:
" Resolved, That the United States ought to cooperate
with any State which may adopt giadual abolishment ol sla-
very, giving to -itch State pecumaiy aid, to be used by such
Stale, 10 us dip-action, to eompensnto ior the inconven-
ience-:, public and private, produced by such change ofsys-
jem."
Accompanying this resolution was a short mes-
sage from the President, a partof which 1 i>eg leave
to read. The author of it sent in connection with
the resolution, when he submitted it, the follow-
ing: '
,  If the proposition contained in the resolution does not
i meet tin; appioval of Congress and the country, there is the
I end; bat it it does command Mich approval, I deem it of
| importance that the State-* and people immediately inter-
[ es-ted should be at once distinctly notified of the fact, so
I that they may begin to considei whethei to accept or reject
j it. The PYdeial Government would lind its highest interest
| in -iHih'a mea<*uie, as one ol the most efficient means of
1 sell-pie-orvi\tion. The leadersoftheexisimg insmiectiow
! entertain the hope that this Government will ultimately he
I foiced to tu knowledge the independence of *omc part of
; the disaffected region, and that all the slave States 1101 ih of
1 .such part will then >ay, < the Union lor which we have
| s-tuiiisled beingalre.nl> none, we now choose to go with tlie
.1 t-nmhein section ' To deprive them of tin* hope, tuhstnn-
1: tially ends the rebellion ; and the initiation of emancipation
completely deprives them ot it as to all the States initiating
;; iT The point a not that all th«*Jtato  tokiatmg slavery
'I would verv mjoik if nt all, initiate emancipation ; but that,
j', while the offer is equally made to all, the more northern
shall, by such initiation, make it certain to th« more south-
ern that in no event will the toimer ever join the latter in
their ptoposed confederacy. 1 say ' initiation,' becausc, in
my judgment, giadual and not sudden emancipation is bet-
ter tor ail."
Mr. President, I think so, too; I think "'grad-
ual and not sudden emancipation is better for all, *'
Such has always been my opinion on this subject. *
The Senate on the 2d day of April last passed
that resolution by a decided vote—a vote of 32 to
1U. 1 voted foi the icsolution then. 1 stand by
its principles and Us provisions now. 1 am will-
ing to extend pecuniary aid to the State of Mis-
souri to compensate her for the inconvenience
which bin: may sustain by the change of her sys-
tem in the abolishment of shivery wthin her bor-
deis. 1 think the United Statesought to cooper-
ate with the State of Missouri now that she has
invited our aid, and inauguiated that policy for
herself; and I am willing to go even to the extent
of $10,000,000, if required, to enable tier to carry
out or establish a giadual system of emancipa-
tion. I believe a gradual system of emancipation
is better for both races, foi the white and for the
black. It avoids violent shocks; it avoids all the
i' evil consequences which would result from turn-
' in<v fifty, seventy-five, or one hundred thousand
|! slaves loose at once upon the white people ol that
ji State wtfhoutprotection, witho.utadequate means
j1 for their support, and without providing for their
i| deportation, colonization,or thepropei care,con-
i trol, and management of them. But, sir, 1 am not
:| prepared to vote an appropriation of $20,000,000
!' to pay the full value of all the slaves in Missouri
j' to effect theii imnndtatc emancipation. I should
rejoice to see the shackles fall from the limbs of
' every slave in this Union; and if it rested upon
ij iYiy voice, and I had the right so to act without
| interfering with the rights of others under the Con-
.1 stitution. they should go fr«*<\ in Heaven'* name,
