188
TEES CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
February %
provided that such.enfranchisement would not re-
duce them to a most miserable and wretched state
of existence, i sympathize with this movement;
I hope it (nay be gradually carried out through
all the States of thisUnion; but I am not willing
to sustain and support a measure which I think
must prove ruinous and disastrous to both whites
end blacks throughout the length and breadth of
this land. I had no idea that 1 pledged myself to
such a measure when I voted for the proposition
sent to us by the President, with the accompany-
ing commentary written upon it at the time when
he sentus that resolution.
Sir, what will be the effect of the passage of
•uchabill? What will be the effect of establish-
ing a precedent such as this bill will establish?
Why, sir, to require the General Government to
pay the full value of every slave in every State in
this Union which may ask for emancipation: the
full value of every slave in Delaware—for these
©vents will hurry after each other, one fast upon
the heels of the other—of every slave in West Vir-
ginia, (there is a proposition to that effect now,)
of all the slaves in Maryland, and of all the slaves
in Kentucky, and who' can tell what millions of
money will be required for such a purpose ?
Mr.President,! am disposed to pause,in view
of the enormous public debt, in view of the thou-
sands of millions of indebtedness which will accu-
mulate in the further prosecution of this war, in
view of the great variety of measures now before
Congress calling for the pledge of Government
bonds and securities to build ship-canais and other
works. Sir, the Government is asked to pledge
its bonds to the amount of many millions to con-
struct canals, and for the constructionof railroads,
from one section of the country to another, and to
lay telegraphic wires on the sea-coast; for all these
is asked the pledge of public securities amounting
to several millions. Sir, in view of the variety of
measures now pressed before Congress, all of
which are proposed to be based upon the pledge
of Government securities, I ask how-any reason-
able* prudent legislator in either House of Con-
gress, with all the debt now resting upon us, and
the depletion of the public Treasury, can ask for
the enactment of a measure which must produce
bankruptcy and ruin r In other words, how can
the Government ever pay tins debt? What man
fccting for himself, controlling and managing his
own affairs, being hopelessly involved, having
expended his last dollar in hand, and having ac-
cumulated expenses beyond any immediate hope
of payment, would still go on pledging his per-
sonal responsibility and his personal security for
objects of a character similar to those now intro-
duced and insisted upon by tlus bill ? No rea-
sonable, prudent man would do that. Why, then,
should we, or how can we, as agents of the Gov-
ernment, acting for our constituents, and discharg-
v ing the duties of a responsible trust, act in a dif-
ferent way frojn that in which wc would act as
private individuals?
t I am willing, without taking up more of the
lime of the Senate, to say that*1 am in favor of
giving aid to all the States that shall ask for it to
compensate them in establishing a system of grad-
ual emancipation; but I do not see my way clear
in undertaking to pay for all the slaves in Mis-
souri,and forevery slave within the .several border
slave States, and for every slave in any other State
that maybe restored to thisUnion either by force
of arras or by the return of its citizens to their
former allegiance. It cannot be done; the Treas-
ury cannot stand it. The country cannot sustain
the burden. We may assist, we may do a part,
to gain the end in view; wecannotdoitall. Willi
tiiese explanations and these remarks, I shall vote
in favor of the bill if it shall be so amended as to
appropriate a sum of money for gradual abolition;
but against it, if it involves the principle of imme-
diate abolition and the payment of the full value
of every slave so "emancipated.
In the State of New Jersey we gradually eman-
cipated our staves by the act of 1820. It was done
in that way, and not a ripple was ieft'to disturb
the public mind. It died out gradually; it went
out of existence quietly, and until within a very
short period there were left a very few slaves (too
old to be enfranchised by the act) in the State,
and they were left in the control of their masteis,
whose onljrcharge of them was to take care of, pro-
vide for, and maintain them. I do not myself pro*
pose to offer any amendment, but I bop« the bill
may be put in such a shape as that we may vote
to aid the State of Missouri, and thus establish a
precedent for the other States that may ask for
assistance in the gradual abolition of slavery.
This, I think, will result in general good to all
parties, and avoid the violent shocks, animosities,
and contentions which would be likely to grow out
of a measure so immediate and decided as the one
now before the Senate.
■ Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, at the
time of the formation of the Federal Constitution
African slavery existed in every State ofthe Union
but Massachusetts. It is true that in the States
of Pennsylvania and Rhode Island it was in pro-
cess of abolition. In the States of New Hamp-
shire, New York, Connecticut, and New Jersey,
slavery was abolished after the adoption of the
Constitution under which we now live, antyyhich
each one of us has taken an oath here to support.
The people of Pennsylvania passed an act of
emancipation in 1780; Rhode Island about 1784.
All of these States acted for themselves, and their
people sustained the loss, whatever it was, for the
act. They did not call on the people of the other
States to pay them to set their sla\es free. After
the adoption of the Federal Constitution, New
Hampshire, New York, Connecticut, and New
Jersey emancipated their slaves, each one for itself,
neither of them asking aid of the other States or
the General Government to effect this purpose.
New Hampshire, by her constitution adopted in
1790, abolished slavery.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think the expression
quite right that she abolished it by the constitu-
tion; but there were such statements and declara-
tions of right in the constitution, without any al-
lusion to slavery, as led to its abolition.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I thank theSenatorfor
placing me right in this matter. New Hampshire
for itself, without aid from the General Govern-
ment, abolished slavery. The State neither asked
nor obtained aid in this behalf. New York, I
believe, passed the act of emancipation in 1798,
neither asking nor obtaining aid from the Genej al
Government. New Jersey passed its enactment
for emancipation in 1820, and, like New Hamp-
shire and New York, suffered the loss without aid
from the General Government; and so with Con-
necticut.
I hi>ve shown that the States of Pennsylvania
and Rhode Island emancipated their slaves, or
took the initiatory stepsto do so, nmlerthe Articles
of Confederation, i have also shown that the
States of New Hampshire, New York, New Jer-
sey, and Connecticut, since the adoption of the
Constitution, have each foritselfemancipated their
slaves without aid fiom the General Government.
During our entire existence as a nation till the ad-
vent of Lincoln into power, we have had uniform
and harmonious action upon this point. The
States, and the States alone, had the sole and ex-
clusive power to act in this matter, and did alone
act. No one, till the present Executive, has ever
claimed that Congress had constitutional power
to appropriate money for any such purpose. There
has been no difference of opinion or action here-
tofore. Hence the Senator f'rum Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,]vvith great propriety propounded the ques-
tion to my colleague, [Mr. Trumbull,] to know
where he derived his authority to make the ap-
propriation of twenty millions to aid the State of
Missouri to emancipate her slaves;in other words,
to pass the bill and amendments now under con-
sideration. My colleague [Mr. Trumbull] con-
fessed by his answer before the Senate and the
country that there was no clause in the Federal
Constitution that warranted the appropriation
sought to be made by this bill. My colleague said
the authority was in the sameclausethatgave Con-
gress the power to appropriate money to colonize
•the negroes. I deny that you have the constitu-
tional power to appropriate one dollar or one cent
to aid Missouri or any other State or individual to
free the negro, or colonize him after he is free. I
call upon Senators now to point out the clause
in the Constitution that authorizes you to vote for
this bill. None of them dare undertake the task.
The President himself has, in the most public
manner, admitted the want of power, by asking
Congress to submit amendments to the Constitu-
tion to give it.
In view of these facts, I say our people -are just-
ified in the declaration that they will not pay taxes
levied upon them for purposes not warranted bf
the Constitution.
I repeat the invitation to Senators who intend
to vote for this bill, to point out the clause in the
Constitution conferring the power upon Congress
to make the appropriation, or to instance the act
of legislation heretofore or the judicial decision-,
which would justify the exercise of the power
claimed by this bill. 1 apprehend none can be
found; if it existed, the fiiends of the measure
would parade it before us.
Sir,during the progress of our history under the
Constitution, in times of prosperity, when money
was abundant, the States went on and, with sole
and clear right to do so, abolished slavery. The
Federal Government never aided them. Nobody
ever pretended that the Federal Government haa
the power thus to aid them. It was reserved for
this Administration, when our Treasury is ex-
hausted, and our bonds selling in the market at
fifty cents on the dollar; when we are in a great
struggle for national existence; when we are stand-
ing by the fresh-made graves of two hundred thou-
sand of our soldiers who have perished in the war;
when we have on our hands one hundred thousand
widows and five hundred thousand orphans; when
your Army in the field has not been paid,because
you have not the money to pay them, (having ex-
hausted the means which should have been paid
to them, on vagabond contrabands,) to bring for-
ward such a scheme as this—a measure calculated-,
if carried into effect, to lessen the value of our se-
curities in the market, and to impair what little of
public confidence is had for the Chief Magistrate
and his friends in Congress; a measure full of mis-
chief and wrong, without a single feature of good
or benefit to the country to redeem it in the pop-
ular estimation. There is no line or sentence in
the bill that I could support. The millions ap-
propriated for the freedom ofthe negro would make
comfortable many a widow whose husband, and
many an orphan whose father has offered up his
life on the bloody field for the cause of his coun-
try, and for whose want and suffering you arb
making no provision.
Mr. President, 1 might rest my objection to
the bill on the want of power in Congress under
th<  Constitution. Rut, sir, if we had the power
there are other reasons why I could not lend it
my support. The President has issued a proc-
lamation to free all the slaves in the rebel States.
He and his friends claim that he did this under
necessity as a war measure. The reason assigned
is that he has the power to weaken the enemy by
withdrawing from their midst and employment
the slaves who cultivate the crops and raise thfe
products to feed and clothe armies; that the slave
does the work while the master goes to war. In
other words, the slave is made to aid the rebel-
lion. This is the argument that he and his apol-
ogists urge for his proclamation. If the reuela
profit as they say by slavery, why, when we can
avail ourselves of their labor, should w^not profit
by the example that is set us by them ? You pro-
pose by this bill, as it is claimed by the Senator
from Missouri, to set free seventy thousand slaves.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. One hundred thou-
sand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I thought the Senator
said seventy thousand. You propose to give
$20,000,000 if they are set free in a year; you
propose to give only $10,000,000 if it is deferred
to a later period. You propose to set free one
hundred thousand negroes. Those one hundred
thousand negroes in the State of Missouri pos-
sess power and force enough, if employed for our
benefit, to enable full fifty thousand white men to
go to the war and fight, while the negro remains
at home to raise the wheat, the corn, the beef, and
the pork to feed them. We can employ them
profitably in this way; there is no other way we
can. The rebels thus use them and make them
profitable; wc can, if we are wise and sincere in
profession of preserving the Constitution and the
Union. One hundred thousand negroes belonging
to Union men, sensibly employed, is a power vast
and mighty to aid us, but they can only aid us by
being owned and used by their masters, in like
manner as the rebels use them. Set free they are
of no earthly use; it will cost us $20,000,000 now,
and we will have to feed, clothe, and carfe for them
as we feed, clothe, and care for those wfe set free
in this District ©r tht>§e that have feesn seduced
