1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
!7xii Cong....3d Sess.
Colorado Territory—31r. Bennet.
Ho. oi Reps.
lowed up the Arkansas river, and explored the
country at and around Pike's Peak an(£ north-
ward along the eastern base of the Rocky mount-
ains to the Cherokee Pass. They found sure
indications of goid in the banks and bars of the
Arkansas river, two hundred and fifty miles be-
low the mountains. These indications increased
as they approached the mountains. To the north
of Pike's Peak, St the mouth of Cherry creek, the
site of the present town of Denver, 011 South
Platte river, near the eastern base of the mountains,
they found a very superior quality of "washed**
gold in small paying quantities.
The news of these discoveries became known
late in the fail of that year, and induced a small
emigration at once to the country up the Platte
river. The winter of 1858-59 found the country
at and near Denver occupied byabouteight hun-
dred emigrants from the western States and Ter-
ritories.
These early pioneers, firm in the faith that they
had found a country, at once pitched their tents
and commenced laying off 14 corner lots," and
holding elections; the results of which were the
town plat of Denver, and the appearance in these
Halls of Hiram J. Graham, a people's self-con-
stituted Delegate, to the Congress of the United
States from the self-styled Territory of Jefferson.
The winter of 1858-59 passed away and no
further discoveries of gold in paying quantities
were made until in the month of May following,
when what is called the Giegory mines were found
by Mr. Gregory, one of the original party of ex-
plorers. These were quartz mines; and about the
same time and in the near vicinity, Greene Rus-
sell discovered a rich gulch, which bears his name.
These were the first mines found in the Rocky
mountains. They are located about twenty-five
miles from their eastern base, on the wafers of
Clear creek, or Vasquez fork of South Platte
river, near the " Snowy Range," or dividing ridge
between the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific
oeeans, and very near latitude forty.
This great discovery, the demonstration of the
prospectors'theory that as "wash gold" was
found in the streams low down, and faraway fi mil
the mountains, rich deposits must exist in the
mountains on the head-waters of these streams,
brought a very laige emigration to the country
during the succeeding summer and fall. Mining
with good results was carried on in this locality
that year; but little was done in the country, how-
ever, in other places,except "piospectmg." Ex-
plorations during the year proved gold to exist
in paying quantities over a large extent of the
Rocky mountains. A population of ten <n fifteen
thousand wiuteied m the countiym 1859-GO; but
a large proportion of the miners returned to the
Stag's to bring out supplies and machinery prepar-
atory to the next year's operations. l> will be
recollected that all the supplies for sustaining this
new population, of whatever nature or kind, had
to be obtained in the States, and freighted six and
seven hundred miles overland across the plains.
The year 1860 was the year of the great ad-
vent of quartz mills to the country, and the year
of the great failures in the quartz mill business.
These failures weie the results of inexperience in
quartz mill machinery, inexperience in separating
and savingapparatus,and inadequate knowledge
of the quality of gold-bearing quattz In no in-
stance, however, were any of these almost uni-
versal failures the result of any absence of faith m
the richness of the undeveloped mines. Most of
themiMs soon passed intootherhands,and though
strong m the faith that the business would pay
ultimately, it was not until about the month of
June, 1861, that the quaitz null business began
to revive. Since this latter period the business
has steadily developed and increased, so that to-
day there are over two hundred and fifry quartz
nulls m aetive operation in the Territory, and 111
neaily every case the present owners are already
made rich from the pioceeds of their business.
Tins isevidenced by the fact of the rapid increase
in the yield of gold of the Territory, shown by
the reports of the receipts of the saint; at the Phila-
delphia Mint and the assay office at New Yoik
city, since the 1st day of J uly, l$6l.
The yield of ffoid of Colorado from the com-
mencement in ls59, to the 1st of January last,
may be stated in round numbers, as shown by the
Philadelphia Mint reports, and the l^ew York
assay office, to be, for the fiscal year ending 30th
of June:
1859   $4,000
186 0     600,000
1861 .  .4000,000
1862 ..6,000,000
The year ending 31st of December, 1862, the
yield of gold reported to the assay ofiiec, N|g^v
York city, as shown by the following certificate,
was over eight and a half millions.
United Assay Office,
New York, January H), 1863.
Gentlemen: Yours of the 5th instant received. In re-
ply to your question as to the amount shipped from your
region to the assay office at Now York, 5 have to state thai
there have been deposited in this office during the year
1862, gold dust, amalgam, &c., received from Pifce'&Peak,
to the amount of $8,521,000.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
GEORGE W. EDELMAN,
For the Treasurer.
Messrs. Doyle, Salomon Sl Brother, Denver.
This proves the ratio of increase to be still rap-
idlygaining, and the results of the year 1862 com-
pare very favorably, indeed, with the product of
the first year of mining. Eight million five hun-
dred and seventeen thousand dollars in gold is no
small gain in the first four years'time, and it is a
fact that may well attract the attention of this
House and the nation. This much is the yield of
gold from this late wilderness, which lias been
expoited from the Territory to those places where
reported.
Now, everybody knows that this statement falls
far shoi t of the entire yield of thcTerntory. Until
within the last few months gold dust was about the
only circulating medium there. Latterly Treasury
notes have in the main been substituted, and yet
there is much gold still in ciiculation among the
miners. Besides, there is no inconsiderable quan-
tity, in view of the rapid increase in the price
of gold for the last six months, held in the hands
of individuals, and not brought into the above
estimates. Also, much that is pioduced is manu-
factured into jewelry of one kind or another,and
not uken to account. I think the facts warrant
me in saying that instead of eight and a half mil-
lions being the product of last year, large as it
may seem, that if an account of every dollar pro-
duced from the gold mines of Colorado Territory
in the year 1862 was taken, it would reach above
twelve, if not quite to fifteen million dollars.
Judging from what I know of the undeveloped
resources of this country, from what 1 am told
by practical miners who aie well informed upon
this subject, I dot>ay heie to-day, before this House
and before the country, to be placed upon the rec-
ords and read of all nvn, that within five years'
time, and by the year 1869, the gold fields of Col-
orado Territory will produce £50,000,000 annu-
ally, and even then its full resouices of mineral
wealth in gold alone remain not wholly developed.
1 speak from the united testimony of many prac-
tical miners who have spent several years in the
minrsofCalifornin, when 1 say that the gold-bear-
ing region of Colorado is far more extensive, quite
as inexhaustible, and the gold-beai ing quartz <>f a
much richer quality than m California. I make
this comparison to give by it to the woi Id a better
idea of the extent and richness ofthese mines,and
not with any desire to dcpieciate in the least re-
gal d the fabulous wealth which still remains J'from
everlasting to everlasting" in the mines ot Cali-
fornia. In California, gold was iii st found and pro-
duced from the gulches and from the bars, and
beds of streams, from places easy of access to the
miner,and win re it could bu 1 (aclu.d without much
capital; hence the rapid development of that coun-
try, and the sudden fortunes made there in the
early times. These placers, as I learn, are now
mainly worked out, and the successful and piin-
cipal mining is now carried on in thatcountiy, as
in Colorado, with quartz mills and from gold-
bearing quartz lodes, in Colorado we had, com-
parative ly, but little of these poor men's "dig-
gings," these gulches and placets, where a miner,
With his pick, pan, and shovel, and without other
capital, could make his fortune as readily as the
man of capital; hence this Territory, rapidly as
it has been developing, was not so quickly done,
and has not so suddenly become famous as a min-
ing country as did California. Its development,'
though not so quick, is quite as permanent knfr
sure and promising. "
In both countries, now, the great soured of thfe*
precious metals is found in the quartz lodes.
these kind of gold mines we claim for Colwaio
superiority over any other part of the -world.
These quartz veins are very numerous; their namev
is Legion. They are already-discovered and par-
tially opened in different and distinct localities in
the Territory. They are found and opened in a
thousand different places over an area of the
Rocky mountains of fifty by two hundred and:
fifty miles square, from the Laramie plains on the
north to the San Juan and Silver mountains i  the
southwestern part of the Territory. It would be
in vain for me to attempt to enumerate all the dif-
ferent localities, let alone attempting to name the
odd names of the hundreds and thousands of
lodes which are opened and worked. 1 must con-
tent myself yith only mentioning some of the first
discovered localities—my time will not permit me
to do more. Should I go into detail and attempt
to describe all that 1 know of the number, local-
ity, productiveness, and extent of these auriferous
quartz veins, it would require hours, i will otlly
attempt to mention the neighborhoods of the more
important as at present discovered and worked.
The Boulder mines are the most northern quartz
mines yet found in the Territory. Thoy are lo-
cated a little to the south of Long's Peak, and about
fifteen miles from the eastern base of the mount-
ains-, several steam quartz mills and a few water
mills are established and crushing quartz from
numerous veins already opened. A. few miles to
the south aie the Gold Dirt mines, where several
steam mills are running with rich paying results.
A few miles further on to the south and west of
Gold Dirt are the Gregory mines, the most de-
veloped, and consequently it is the best paying
locality in the Territory The lodes already opened
and worked are innumerable; near two hundred
mills, steam and water, are employed crushing: the
gold-beaiing quaitz in this neighborhood alone.
The greater portion of the product of the Territory
up to the present time is from a small locality here
of less than three miles square. Millions of dol-
lars are here invested in mining and machinery,
and yet the work of development is only failly
commenced.
There is work and room for many more mills,
and labor for ten more men to every one now em-
ployed working the lodes already opened.
Proceeding mx or seven miles on, southwardly,
you reach South Clear creek, up and down which
for a distance of thirty miles gold is found in the
bed and banks of the stream. Here again you
find the rich quartz veins withoutnumber^ A few
mills have been established, and yet there is room
upon South Clear creek and its head-waters for
five hundred mills, with a certainty of good pay-
ing quartz to crush for an age to come.
Again; stepping over a distance of country but
little explored,about seventy-five miles, you reach
the Montgomery and Silvei lake qu. rtz region.
Here again you find upon the very head fountains
of the South Platte upon one side, and the Col-
orado of the West upon the othei side, on the very
summit of the main range of the Rocky mount-
ains, the hardy miner at work in numerous lodes,
and repeating to you the same story of the great
richness and extent of the gold-hearing quartz.
And if you doubt his word, he will soon demon-
strate the fact to your eyes by an exhibition of
the gold-bearing -quartz taken from a depth of
forty or fifty feet, and lying in heaps all around
you, of equal richness of any found in the Greg-
ory mines. But few of the many lodes discovered
aie yet opened, and but few mills are yet estab-
lished, yet enough is done to demonstrate the fact
that there is abundantroom and quartz for a hun-
dred more mills.
Some six or eight miles further south you reach
the Laurette mines, another netghboihood of the
same rich paying quartz veins. And just over
1! the mountain, ad joining to the Laurette district, is
i' Mosquito district, where almost fiom the very sur-
I; fm;<- gold-bearing quartz is found that yieldsfrom
ij three to five hundred dollars to the cord, and in-
! j creasing in richness as they dig down 111 the veins,
i! But very few mills are yet established here or at
