140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Colorado Territory—Mr. Bennet.
Ho. of Reps.
Lauretie, and the cry goes up from the hardy
miner, whose only wealth is a claim upon one of
those rich lodes, to " bring us more mills to crush
on shares the quartz we are digging out."
The crying want of the country is men with
capita! sufficient to put up quartz mills. The great
mass of the miners are poor-men, who went to
that country from the western States and Terri-
tories to recover fortunes lost in the financial crisis
of 1857. They have found that which will make
them rich, but for the want of capital they cannot
work it; and there they stand watching the inch
mines their enterprise and labor have found, wait-
ing for and inviting capitalists to come and share
with them in the developmeritof ihe untold wealth
of tKcir "claims." Capital is indispensable for
the development of the country. " Money makes
money" anywhere, but nowhere else more than
in quartz mining is this true. Money will make
money with more certainty of success in this field
than in any other permanent thing which can be
mentioned.
Only consider it for a moment. The man of
means shall take fifteen or twenty thousand dol-
lars in ready money, invest the one half of it in
approved quartz mill machinery, send it by rail
to the Missouri river, thence by freighting te.ams
to the Territory, set it up in some good locality
in the mountains—and there are plenty of them
to be had—adjust his saving apparatus, and go
to crushing quartz rock which will yield from
three to seven hundred dollais to the cord, outof
which he can realize from one to five thousand
dollars per week. Every Sat ut day night he knows
just what he has made, and he has it m his pocket.
Any ordinary business man having the means
can do what 1 have just said; and in twelve
months' time, if he will but go to these gold fields,
investing, as 1 have said, his capital, instead of
paying him only from five to ten percent., it will
double and triple every year. There is no hum-
bug about this; he who doubts it, let him go and
see forhunselfbefoie he invests. Capital, 1 know,
is timid, and it should be more so in these times
of war than ever; but timid capital may here find
welcome, safe 10treat fiom surrounding dangers;
nothing can or will disturb it. The troubles that
so sorely afflict the nation but little affect opera-
tions in this interior and far-off region.
All tilings considered, can there be a safer in-
vestment than in the stocks of the bullion banks
of the Rocky mountains? The vaults of these
banks are filled with an inexhaustible tieasuro,
placed on deposit there by the Almighty hand,
and made subject to the ditifts of the man who
dares to draw. These banks will not suspend
specie payment, however great the run made upon
them, for a hundred yeais to come; their vaults
are numerous, long, wide, and deep. No legis-
lation of Congress can change the value of their
deposits. They form a circulating medium uni-
versally current among the nations of the earth,
from the dawn of creation to the present hour,
and it will so remain until the " crty.k of doom."
There is no risk in this business. The capitalist
is but following in a beaten path. The experiment
has been made by those who have gone before,
and th'iirsuccess is inviting him to follow quickly
and in full force. Ten, twenty, fifty, a hundred,
five hundred thousand dollars, may find ready and
profitable investment. In almost any other fields
of investment, the capitalist js circumscribed; not
so here. There are ample oppmtunities here to
investall he may have or any poition he may de-
site, and wi(!$*>utany possibility of failure if he
will but exercise the most oidmary business pre-
cautions.
Labor, too, which is the necessary accompani-
ment and the hand-maiden of capital in this field
ofoperations, is much in demand, and in the same
great field it, alike with capital, can be put to use
with rewai ding profit. Were the embattling hosts
who have taken their lives m their hands, and
gone forth to maintain by force of arms tins great
and good Government, which, of all the kingdoms
of? he earth, is mote certainly than they all founded
111 the intelligence of the people and upon the dig-
nity of labor; were all the Union armies now in
the field, under the folds of the old banner, trans-
feired to the gold fields of Colorado, with their
" bayonets turned into picks, and their swords
into shovels," they would find ample room and
rewarding toil as long as they could remember to
tell of the present peril of the nation and the sac-
rifices they had made to maintain its honor and
its. flag.
Thus far I have only spoken of the quartz lodes.
1 haveaot mentioned the rich paying gulches and
patch "diggings," as they are called. While
these amount to but little in comparison with the
gusat quartz mines, they are by no means incon-
siderable. Washington Gulch, Keller's Bar, Cash
Creek, Lake Gulch, Lost Canon, California
Gulch, Fair Play, Tarryall, Blue River, French
Gulch, Gold Run, Buffalo and Delaware Flats,
Gold Hill, Galena, Georgia, and American Gulch-
es, with Russell's Gulch, and many others, all
can boast of their scores of successful workers,
who have made their fortunes, and yet in most
of them the hardy miner has as yet but fairly
reached and begun his work. There will be more
gold taken out of these gulches the coming sea-
son than ever before in any one year.
A party of adventurers and " prospectors," in
the fall of I860, found sure indications of gold in
the San Juan and Silver mountains, in the ex-
treme southwestern part of the Territory. In the
spring of 1861a considerable emigration pushed
in there, but the hostility of the Navajoes and Ute
Indians drove the miners away before they could
fully test the extent or richness of the mines.
I would notconfine the auriferous regions of the
Rocky mountains to Colorado Territory alone.
In my judgment, through their entire extent,from
north to south down the continent, the Rocky
mountains a re more or less filled with the precious
metals. You may say it is strange, if this be so
that it has not been known before. I answer you
that it may nil be true, and yet it is not half so
strnngeas thefactofgold being in suchgreatqDan-
tines in California and the fact notknown to this
generation until the middle of the nineteenth cen
tury. Mines this day are found in Colorado Terri
tory,and 1 icher than ever were found in California;
and yet I am frequently asked by intelligent east-
ern men, " whereabouts is your Colorado Terri-
tory'" "what mountains do you refer to?" &c.
As a general rule, I find the eastern people about as
ignorant of the immense wealth and value of the
Rocky mountains as they are of the character of
the inhabitants of the moon. But " time, that sets
all things even," will prove to all men that at the
present hour but little is yetknown by the inhab-
itants of any of the States of the " great West."
When you reach the Mississippi river you are but
on the hither edge of the great West, and you are
not in the renter of its geography or its native
wealth until you traverse a country six hundred
miles to the west of the Missouri river and teach
the Rocky mountains; then you are in the midst
of the continent and the great West." Why,
sir, you may think me a dreamer, but neverthe-
less I beg to be heard to say that if you will but
develop ? his heretofore despised and neglected por-
tionof the magnificent public domain, you can not
only, from its product of gold alone, pay off the
great national uebt and provide the country with
a hard-money circulation, but have to spare to
other nations of the world.
The branch mint you established in Colorado
at the last session was a step in the right direction.
Let me encourage you to proceed. Nevada should
have a mint at "this session. And so should the
mines of Washington Territory, so soon as so-
ciety becomes sufficiently stable. These things
cost the Government but little, and they tend won-
derfully and in many ways to aid in developing
the mineral regions. Give to these regions a little
attention, a little encouragement, and they will
give you in return "much fine gold." Let Con-
| gress look to these things a little more, for I as-
;| sure you it " will pay."
|i Gold is not the only wealth of this interesting
;! region. That other and at present more demo-
I! cratic, mineral, iron, finds a place, and must enter
:! largely into the scale in Estimating the wealth and
i importance of this country. It is found in gieat
, profusion in diffeient parts of the Territory, but
I' little worked as yet, although it has been tested
and found to be iron, and of a very good quality.
:j The next question will be, is there any stone coal?
i, I answer, yes; in great abundance.
In view of the early construction of the Pacific
railroad, the route of which as limited by a law
of Congress, and more certainly fixed by the
laws of nature, will be laid right across this Ter-
ritory from the east to the west. And in further
consideration that American " iron" only shall
be used in the construction of this great Amer-
ican road, and the great distances of the en-
tire extent of the line to be bui^ from the iron
fields of Missouri and Pennsylvania, it is indeed
gratifying to me to announce that there is abund-
ance of the native ore in the Rocky mountains
near the line of the roa'd, and stone coal enough
to work it and to spare. Would it not be well for
some of the great iron manufacturers of Pennsyl-
vania and elsewhere to look to this matter some-
what? A word to the wise is sufficient.
Copper and lead are also found, the latter in
great quantity; and silver, too, is not wanting,
although as yet but little is known of its extent.
Oil springs are found in different parts of the
Territory; and the salt springs of the South Park
have been known to and worked by the Mexicans
and Indians for the last century. From them a
very superior article of table salt is now being
manufactured by our people in considerable quan-
tity. The springs are bountiful, and capable of
supplying an extensive maiket with salt.
Hot, sulphur, and soda springs are found in
various parts. The most noted of any are the great
soda springs at the eastern base of Pike's Peak,
and near Colorado City. They have long been
the resort of the " red man." He drinks and
bathes in their waters, and worships the spark-
ling fountains blessed by the Great Spirit for the
good of his children. He is supposed by them
to be near their waters at all times, hovering in
the vapory clouds that surround the summit, and
dwelling in the caves of the great mountain that
towers in sublimity thousands of feet above the
springs.
The Platte, the Arkansas, the Rio Grande del
Norte, and the Colorado of the West, four great
rivers, all take their rise in this Territory. Three
of these rivers, the Platte, Arkansas, and Colo-
rado, the first two of which run eastwardly into
the waters of the Atlantic, and the latter into the
Gulf of California, find their head waters within
three miles of each other in the western rim of
the South Park, and among some of the very
richcst mines of the Territory. The Middle anil
South Parks, and, much larger and grander than
either, the Park San Luis, are all within the limits
of Colorado. These parks are great basins or
level plains in the midst of the mountains, in the
main covered with rich verdure, and beautiful as
the eye can behold. Gold was the ruling passion
with the early pioneer of this country, hence but
little was thought of or cared for its agricultural
or other resources; and thefirst two years passed
by before it was generally believed that agricul-
tuie could be puisued with much hope of success.
J t, however, in the course of umc became known
that a large and peaceful population of Mexican
people were in the Park San Luis, in the extreme
southern part of the Territory successfully pur-
suing this as well as pastoral pursuits, and pub-
lic attention by the American emigrants was at
once called to this new source of wealth of the
country, and last year has demonstrated the fact
that for all kinds of agricultural products common
to these latitudes, in all those parts not occupied
by mountains, this country is equal to any of the
western States or Territories. Even in the mount-
ains, in the first range, at the proper seasons of
the year, you may see luxuriant gardens grow-
ing all the ordinary vegetables. In most parts,
however, the absence of seasonable rains is so
great that irrigation must be resorted to for cer-
tainty of success in growing crops. A general
system of irrigation will soon be entered upon,
by constructing large ditches or canals and con-
veying the waters of the mountain streams from
where they enter the plains over arid watering
large extents of country. When this is done the
country will be self-sustaining in this respect.
Another source of wealth and prosperity is found
in the extensive pasture lands on the plains and
m the mountains. The entire surface of the. coun-
try, with some slight exceptions, is covered with
grass of a peculiar rich quality, known as gramma
