liB
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
37xii Cong....3d Sess.
Indian Policy—Mr. Window.
Ho. op Reps.
ted to be seven hundred and fifty miles by the route which
they traveled, The women weie compelled to witness the
murder of most of their children. The children who ac-
companied them are believed to he the only survivors of
their respective families, with one exception.
'-One of the Jady captives was severely wounded in the
foot by a gunshot, from which she suffered excruciatingly.
She was enceinte at the time; but notwithstanding her del-
icate condition, had the dreadful alternative presented to
her of submitting to the vile embraces of her captors, or
seeing her only surviving child brutally murdered. This
brutality produced premature labor; but even this did not
relieve her from the foul treatment to which she was con-
tinually subjected, From the tune of her captivity to her
release, she was five times sold to different Indians, and as
often compelled to submit to the gratification of their biu-
tnl passions
"The other lady, a very intelligent and respectable wo-
man. who at the time of her capture had an infant several
months old, after having been compelled to submit to the
same heartless indignities for the sake of savins the life of
her infant, had it wrested from her arms and its brams
dallied out against the wagon she was driving. She, too,
was changed from owner to owner in the same manner as
the other, and forced to submit to the same treatment.
" One little girl, ten years old, who had received several
wounds at the hands of the savages, was held prostrate on
the ground by four of her captors, and violated by more
than twenty young men of the tribe at a time. This treat-
ment was kept upfront day to day, until her system became
completely prostrate, ami herself well-nigh lifeless.
k< Another Utile girl, nine years ot age, was subjected to
treatment still more brutal. In consequence of her tender
years, the savages resorted to bun id mutilations of her per-
son to enable them to gratify their lustful desires. It is
impossible to detail all of the cruelties to which they were
fubjected in a public journal. Imagination can haidly de-
pict the enormities perpetrated upon these poor women.
While Mifteiing these barbarities their cues are repiesented
to have been of the most heart-rending character.
"At the time the little girl last mentioned was subjected
to these inhumanities she was suffering from the effects of
o compound fracture of the bones both above and below the
elbow, produced by a gunshot wound, from which she has
not yet recovered. Daring the ma^taete in Minnesota, and
while on their journey to theMKsoun, the savage practices
of the younger Indians lar surpassed, in atrocity, that ot the
Older members ot the in be. Neither age, condition, nor sex
amongst them was t>xempt from participation in these cru-
elties. The practice of shooting arrows into defenseless
Women and children constituted their favorite amusement
The*-u captives were ransomed by friendly Indians sent for
. the [mrpo.se, and who paid a hoise for each of them. They
were biought to the Yaneton agency, where ihev received
eveij medical ami other attention horn Dr. Duilcigh and
his family; and, as ju-t stated, they were returned to tiieir
friends in Minnesota."
Such, sir, are a very few of the monstrous atro-
cities my constituents have been compelled to wit-
ness and to suffer. Is it surprising that they cry
aloud for the speedy and condign chastisement of
such criminals? Is it strange timt they aslc such
punishment to he inflicted upon the convicted pur-
petratois of these acts as shall give ample assur-
ance of future safety? If a band of mi&eieants
wen- to enter the city of Philadelphia or New
York, dcatioy millions of dollars of property,
massacre a thousand of your citizens, tori lire and
ei ueify your little children, and ravish your wives,
sisters, and daughters, do you think, after three
hundred of them had been duly convicted, a dele-
gation of Clunkers from Philadelphia would plead
with the President for mercy, or the New York
journals advise the punishment of only a few ring-
1endciN> Does he who commits simple murder
desei ve death, while he who adds to murdei rape
and toiiure entitle himself to sympathy -and
mercy? There is a class of morbid philanthro-
pists m the world who see nothing to pily in suf-
fering innocence, but much for commiseration in
bloated, blood-stained guilt. These are the per-
sons who are now so exercised lest the "Christian
world will be shocked" by the execution of so
many convicted assassins.
>Su, the people of Minncsotaundersfand Indian
character, nrSfe know that any exercise of clem-
ency will be regarded by th< m as an exhibition of
fear, and will only encourage renewed outiages.
A missionary who has spent his life among the
Sioux Indians says that one of the chief causes of
this outbreak is found m the failure of the Gov-
ernment to adequately punish inkpaduta's band
for the Spirit Lake massacre in 1857. They then
took a large amount of plunder with impunity,
ami, encouraged thereby, believed they could
profitably repeat the experiment on a larger scale,
in confirmation of this statement, I read an ex-
tract fiom an official lotterrecently received by the
Commissioner of ] ndian Affairs from the Yaneton
agent He soys that—
il Indian ^pie^just returned from the camp ot the hostile
Indians, u-poit thai Little (.'row (the puneip.iJ chief oi th
Siouxj i1- now at Long Lake, om; bundled and tutv mile
above i'oi t 1'iei ei. )ir !i.t- -ent inbac-fo and othm pre-eut
to the tmcpapas and Blackfect Sioux, with a request that
they join him in a war of extermination against the whites.
Little Crow stated to them, when asked what the whites
would do with the Indians they had taken prisoners, that
the whiles were afraid to kill them, and referred them to the
way they got off after the Spirit Lake massacres He says
wc may kill the whites, and steal their korses and cattle; if
they catch us they keep us a little while, f sed us better than too
are fed at home, and let us go again. The white man has
got softer heart than Indian."
At this very moment, sir, while some of the
eastern journals and Philadelphia Quakers beg
for mercy; while our kind-hearted President hesi-
tates lest the execution of so many felons at once
should shock theChristian wor!d;whilesickiysen-
timentahsts bewail the fate of the " poor Indian/'
these miscreants are boasting in distant lodges
of their thefts and murders celebrating their war
dances around the scalps of our murdered friends
and neighbors; amusing themselves by torturing
the helpless captives who have fallen into their
hands; organizing their forces for a renewal, on a
more extensive scale, of the scenes of last sum-
mer; and pleading our fears as an inducement for
others to join them in the work of death. Our
shameful moral cowardice, misnamed clemency,
has become the open taunt of thieves and assas-
sins. A nation that cannot or will not protect the
innocent and punish the guilty, justly merits the
scorji of savages and the contempt of thieves.
These Indians have no conccption of clemency,
and but a very low estimate of the value of human
life. When one of their number murders another,
the friends of the deceased kill him or one of his
innocent relatives, and that is the end of it. Life
for life is their only idea of justice and their only
rule of action, unless deterred by fear. If, in this
case, they can murder a thousand of our people
and lose only thirty-nine of their own, they will
consider it a speculation worth repeating the first
time an oppoitunity is presented. The people of
Minnesota know this; and not from a feeling of
blood-thirsty revenge, but for the sake of future
security, h r the sake of the innocent who other-
wise will suffer, they demand the death of the
guilty. With no disposition or intention to utter
a threat, but desiring to speak the whole truth, let
me say to the sympathizers of these convicted
criminals throughout the country, if you have any
mercy for innocent Indians, you had better let the
guilty ones sutler the penalty of the law they have^
violated. For, sir, when soldiers who have left
their families under the protection of the Govern-
ment mul gone to battle for its existence, return
to find those families murdered; when fathers,
whose little childten have been butchered; hus-
bands, whose wives have been outraged; brothers,
whose sisters have been carried into a captivity
worse than death; when these men, finding that
the Government lacks either the courage or the
disposition to do justice, themselves assume its
execution, I fear they will make no very nice dis-
crimination between the guilty and the innocent.
Mercy to the Indians themselves, as well as a just
regard for the safety uf the whites, demands that
the law be vindicated and that the guilty die—to
the end that an example be made which shall in-
spire these savages with a respect forthe Govern-
ment, or at least a salutary fear of its punish-
ment.
But, sir, it was not my intention to dwell upon
this point. These criminals are in the hands of
the Piesidcnt: God grant he may not so act that
it shall hereafter nppear that his tender mercy
was extreme cruelty. My chief purpose in seek-
ing the floor was to call the attention of the House
to certain measures now pending, which 1 deem
: indispensable to the future safety and security of
!j my constituents. The honorable gentleman from
11 Maine [Mr. S. C. Fessexdex] laments the fate
ofthese "poor Indians," objects to their removal,
,I and says:
j "I cannot concut with gentlemen who aie of the opinion
,J that guarantee- ot future protection can be obtained only
■! by the i entoval ot the Indians to  ome point so remote from
j; the f-cttienwnls a> to preclude the possibmty ot another
[j attack.
11 if Let theh removal be ever «so remote from tiie borders
.! of the State* whne they ;ue now to be found, civilization
and Chiisthumy^done are the mighty engtnetyo/ God, by
1: winch their ikrt e ,-puit^ can be controlled, and their hearts
f j moulded to ' the humanities of life.'
| Sir, the experiment of civilizing and christian-
iztng these savages lias been tried formally yeais,
1 and the net result of that effort I have just pre-
sented. If my friend (who I believe is a minister)
thinks he has any new and more powerful civil-
izing and christianizing process, I most cordially
invite him to come out among them and renew the
experiment. In view of the facts just stated, he
will doubtless find it very pleasant and desirable
to settle with his wife and daughters in the midst
of his much-abused friends. In the mean time, let
me say to him that the people of my State with
one voice insist upon their removal to some place
which will give assurance that the atrocities of last
summer will not be repeated. Those who live
among them and have experienced the "human-
ities of life" of which their natures are capable,
have the egotism to suppose that they know quite
as well what "guarantees of future protection" are
needed, as agentleman whose knowledge of Indian
character is merely theoretical, and whose resi-
dence is thousands of miles away. It may be very
pleasant to theorize at a safe distance upon the
dignity and heroism of the savage, but to live
where your families are hourly exposed to his
fiendish cruelties and horrid brutalities is quite a
different thing.
One of the measures now pending provides fo?
the removal of the Sioux Indians beyond the bor-
ders of Minnesota. This bill has the cordial ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior and Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. It has passed the
Senate almost, if not quite, unanimously, and is
also approved by the Committee on Indian Affairs
in the House. £very Department of the Govern-
ment which has given attention to it, and I may
say every person who has taken pains to inform
himself of the facts, is of opinion that the passage
of this bill is of the utmost importance. What,
then, is the objection to it? There can be no doubt
of the right of Congress to pass it, for it is con-
ceded on all hands that the Sioux nation has for-
feited all claims upon us by virtue of any treaty
stipulation heretofore existing. In fact, a solemn
act of Congress has abiogated those treaties. The
question what shall be done with them is one of
expediency only. Unless our people are supposed
to be either more or less than human, it can hardly
be expected they will regard or treat these mur-
derers of their friends, neighbors, and children
otherwise than as outla*vs, whom it is their sacred
duty to render incapable of repeating such atroci-
ties. By their own conduct they have made their
removal an absolute necessity. Either the white
people of Minnesota must leave the State, or these
Indians must go. Both cannot remain. On this
subject permit me to read an extract from the
message of Governor Ramsey delivered in Sep-
tember last:
"Oui com&e then is plain. The Sioux Indians of Minne-
sota mu-.t bo exterminated or driven forever beyond the
border* of the sState. The public safety imperatively re-
quires it; justice calls foi it; Humanity u-^elt, outrage'd by
their uuutteiable atrocities, demands it. The blood of the
murdeied cries to Heaven for vengeance on these assassins
ot women andchildien. They have themselves made their
annihilation an imperative nece&Mty. Faithless* to solemn
treaty obligations, to old ft iend-.hip<, to the tied of blood ;
regai'dles.s even of self-mteiest when it conflicts with their
savage passions ; incapable oi honor, of truth, or of grati-
tude ; amenable to no law •, bound by no moral restraints;
they have alieady destroyed m one monstious act of perfidy
every pledge on 'which it was possible to tound a hope'of
ultimate reconciliation.5'
A memorial lately adopted in our Legislature
appeals to you m these words:
To the President and Congress of the United States:
The people of the State of Minnesota, through their rep-
resentatives in the Leatslatme assembled, earnestly entreat
that you will immediately announce and proceed to exe-
cute the policy ot ihe eiitue lemoval of the Indian tribes
fiom Minnesota.
Experience shows that the exclusive national cognizance
of Indian aff.uis within a State, conferred upon Congress
by the Constitution, involves the constant ri?k of collision
with the State authouties. Numerous precedents in the
history of the General Government show that a wise and
prudent legislation removes the Indians to national terri-
tory, and permanently controls them by national authority.
Since the lemoval or the Cherokee^ fiom Georgia, what
western State, once having passed from the territorial con-
dition, with its soveietgnty lecogmzed by a solemn compact
j ot admission into the Union, ha« been dented the boon of
j rebel t«-om a savage population ? The nation removed the
| Wyandotts from Ohio, the Miamies from Indiana, the Pot-
i tawatonnes fiom Michigan, the Sac-*, Foxes, and Winms-
bagocs from Illinois and iowa. Tltfs* removal-, were not
; preceded by massacre, e\eept that the Black Ilawk war,
j induced by the murdei of eight white*, was followed by the
| piompt removal of the riae^a.id Foxes. The tact that etn-
1 Juration would rioi seek an) State where the Indian savage
i' was suflen d to remain w:h enough to t ej^ure the intorpo-
