APPENDIX TO THE eONftMEgSIONAL  E#SE.
[February 28,
31th Com... 3b Sess.
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. op Keps.
or only to the border States, I deemed the plan
wholly impracticable, and especially so in the pres-
ent unfortunate condition of the country. In ref-
erence to a single State,Jthe matter was different.
It was feasible, and as a citizen of Missouri, sur-
rounded as we .are at present on all sides with
difficulties springing out of this question, I was
%i1iing to seethe experiment tried there, and the
proposed plan of compensated emancipation thor-
oughly tested, provided a sum sufficient could be
had to meet the requirements of our State consti-
tution in providing "full compensation" to the
owners of all slaves before the passage of any act
of emancipation. In other words, if slave-owneis
could be paid in full for their property, and means,
at the same time, provided for colonization, I was
willing to see the experimentof immediate eman-
cipation brought to the test in Missouri. The bill
introduced by my colleague [Mr. NoELLj'was the
entering wedge looking to this object. To this
bill I had prepared the following amendments,
•and which it was my purpose to offer at the proper
.time, but I was precluded from so doing by a call
for the previous question, which cut off all amend-
ments. They were—
1. Increasing the proposed sum to $40,000,000.
2. Providing for the colonization of all the
slaves emancipated under the act; and
3. Before the passage of any law upon the sub-
ject by the General Assembly of the State of
"Missouri, submitting the whole question to a fair
vote of the qualified voters of the State.
As I have remarked, these amendments were
not offered, in consequence of a call for the ore-
* vious question being made and sustained. "This
bill, having passed the House ofRepresentatives,
was modified in the Senate in several important
particulars:
1, In increasing the sum from $10,000,000 to
$20,000,000, upon the condition of immediate
emancipation.
2. Appropriating the sum of $10,000,000, upon
the condition of prospective emancipation, and
the same being made complete by the 4th day of
July, 1876; and also limiting the price to be paid
for each slave to the sum of $200.
These were the main features of the bill, as
modified and passed by the Senate. This bill,
thus amended, came buck to the House of Itepie-
sehtntives, and was referred to the committee*on
emancipation, and after having been considered
by this committee, reported to the House in an
entirely now form,by sinking out the appropria-
tions of #10,000,000 and $20,000,000 in the Sen-
ate bill, and proposing in lieu thereof the sum of
$>15,000,000, upon-the condition of immediate
emancipation, or emancipation by the 4th day of
July,
In ihomeantime, Mr. Speaker, the General As-
sembly of the State of Missouri, now in session,
have acted upon the subject, and by resolution
have asked of the Congress of the United" States
the sum of #25,000,000 as the lowest sum neces-
sary to accomplish this object, and this sum i deem
wholly inadequate. 1 hold in my hand a report
made by a committee of the Senate of the State
of Missouri, winch { herewith present, showing
the smaliestamount, in the view of the committee,
which would be required to pay for the slaves
now in the State.
Majontii icport of Committee on Emancipation, submitted
in the Senate, Junuaiy 20,
The midcr>ignod. a majority ot ihe select committee on
emancipation, to whom w.is referred the tollowing ic^olu-
tton, id wit:
u itaolrvd hj the Senate. That the select committee on
I'UKim ip.iLiun be r '<|ueMed to tqiott wiiat amount <>f money
should he, npptopnatcd by CongH'ss to fully compensate
for slaves piowded they ••hould nil be emancipated by act
ol the Jif'Hit-i.ituic; and thai said committee repoit turn-on
linnu di.Ueh
IU'g leave respectfully to repott thereon.
H\ left iciice to the e<-iwi< of 18(50, \\ e find 114,93i s-Iavc^
in Mii-souii at that lime, ami In n-lerence to the report o!
the auditor of public .u**'Oimt> ol Ihe State of iMwsoan to
the H\ent\-second Oenetal /Wcmbly. we rind that lailnrty-
li ve eoiuiucj a-^e^ed, tlu-ie nie 14 / slaves; nnd that the
lo"f of fiave-s in the -*aui thn t\ -live count K-f" i ('turned to the
audit oi Mr the la-t two v car-, N 6,407, which K an average
of about !60 io^- to ea*"h county. The io-s of-hive- totho
m vcntv-uiuo counties not returned, at the avei.ijro lo-s of
the thi'fv fjv > eounticv I'-turwd, would to.ike the enlne
Jo->  25 027 slaves for the whole State since I8o0, winch
number i> taken fiom the JMJ'31, would h-ave m the State
thiilim", Q4.3.H -laves, which.at $300 each, would require*
$28,291,200 to be appropriated by Congress, to pay for said-
staves. . , ,
It will be observed that the foregoing calculation is based
upon the census report of 1860, and also upon the auditor s
report closing the year 1862, thirty-five counties being re-
turned to «sald auditor, and showing a decrease, in the pre-
ceding two years, of one hundred and eighty slaves on an
average for each county. We then suppose, if the thirty-
five counties reported to the auditor show an average loss
of one hundred and eighty to the county,that the seventy-
nine counties not returned could not have lo.«t more on an
average than one hundred and eighty. By reference to t.ie
census of 1860, we find it will take all of the slaves that
there are in fortv-five of the aforesaid seventy-nine coun-
ties to furnish the one hundred and eighty slaves which
said counties aie supposed to have lo&t; which will go to
provp satisfactorily that the ratio of slaves at one hundred
and eighiy for each county, lost or decieased in the State,
is Hirge enough.
Your committee has made no estimate of what amount
of slaves may be or may not be confiscated by an act ot
Congress, as that is to be determined in the future, and is
altogether uncertain at present; and every member of the
Senate is as well prepared to draw conclusions as your
committee is.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
M. H. RITCHEY,
JAMES M. GORDON,
WM. P. HARRISON.
In vjew, then, Mr. Speaker, of the following
provision of the constitution of the State of Mis-
souri, article three, section twenty-six—
" The General Assembly shall not have power to pas«
laws for the emancipation of slaves withoutthe conscnt of
their owners, or without paying them, beforesuch emanci-
pation, a full equivalent lor such slaves so emancipated"—
every one must see that the provision in the bill
reported buck to this House by the committee on
emancipation, fulls far below any sufficient sum
to pay for the slaves remaining in the State.
Let us look at this question for one moment.
By the census of 1860, there were in the State of
Missouri one bundled nnd fifteen thousand slaves.
Itis true that this number has been reduced since
the commencement of the rebellion, but with all
the lights before me, 1 entertain the opinion that
there are to-day not less than ninety thousand
slaves in the State. The General Assembly of the
Slate, composed of a large majority of emancipa-
tionists, fixes the sum needed to meet the require-
ments of our State constitution at $25,000,000!
This, I presume, means in cash or its equivalent.
The bill before the House proposes $15,000,000,
not in cash, but in bonds of the United States,
having thirty years to run, and bearing an interest
of four per cent, per annum. Mr. Speaker, what
would these bonds be now worth? According toan
estimate furnished me by one experienced in such
matters, and placing these bonds at ninety cents
to the dollar in Treasury notes, the $15,000,000
would be woith at the present prices, in gold,
about eight million dollars! So that when brought
to the real test under this bill, the proposition is
to pay the people of the State of Missouri the sum
of 000,000 for property worth,according to the
estimate fixijd by the Legislature of the State, at
least $25,000,000, and vaiued by many at a much
larger sum than this. The very statement of this
proposition shows that it is not feasible, that it is
out of the question,and ought at once to be aban-
doned; for the elfect of such an offer, hampered
as it is by this bill, can only be productive of mis-
chief. ft will increase the agitation on the sub-
ject, and give to reckless men, who are disposed
to make this negro question a political hobby, a
pretext by which they majfattempt to override all
law nnd rob the people of the State of their prop-
erty. Sir, I am willing to go as far as any man
in making sacrifices to save the Government from
its present peril. I believe the Union men of the
State of Missouri are ready to make any sacrifice
for the same purpose. But representing, as I do,
the largest slaveholding district in the State, I am
utteily opposed to, and must enter my protest
against, the passage of this law in its present shape.
Better pass no bill at all on the subject.
But, .sir, there are other and formidable objec-
tions to this hill. There is no plan of colonization
or deportation provided by it. The effect of any
plan of emancipation adopted under it would be
to overrun the State with a large and pauper free
negio population. Are you prepared to practice
a wrong like tins upon the people of my State?
While many of the northern States are passing
laws, and even adopting constitutional provisions
to prevent the settlement of free negroes in their
respective States, here is a proposition, coming
from members on this floor who represent these
States, to inundate, so to speak, and by a single
act, the entire Spite of Missouri with an ignorant,
vicious, worthless free negro population. Is this
practicing upon the divine rule,44 do unto others
as you would have them do unto you ?" Is this
fenerous ? Is this that good faith which should
e practiced by one State toward another, or by
the Government of the United States toward any
of the States of this Union? I think not, sir.
Besides, such a course of policy would end in a
large portion of these negroes being driven from
the State. Where would they go? You have
closed the door upon them; they cannot go to Illi-
nois, your laws prohibit them. They cannot go
to Indiana, the constitution of that State prevents
their immigration and settlement there; and they
cannot go to many other of the free States for the
reason that they are prohibited by similar legis-
lative enactments. Justice, therefore, to the slave,
no less than to the owner, would cry out against
the passage of this law, or, indeed, any law for
immediate emancipation that does not carry along
with it at the same time some benevolent plan of
deportation.
But there are still other objections to the passage
of this law. Some gentlemen are satisfied that the
Constitution of the United States does not author-
ize the passage of any law appropriating means
from the Federal coffers or pledging the national
credit to purchase slaves. While I myself do not
entertain this opinion, it is nevertheless held by-
others, and is to that extent an objection to the
law, as calculated to discredit any bond#which
may be issued by virtue'of its provisions. Again,
sir, I am informed that already as many as three
States, through their Legislatures, have repudi-
ated in advance the payment of any debt created
for the purchase of slaves by the General Gov-
ernment; and it was only a few days since that
the eloquentgentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
hees] stated that hisconstituents would never con-
sent to be taxed for any such purpose. With such
a hue and cry raised against these bonds, with a
partisan effort made to decry them, what, I ask,
sir, would they be worth?
Bur, sir, we are in the midst of a mighty revo-
lution. We know not how or where it will end.
It may result in the dismemberment of the Con-
fedeiacy. It may result in the division of our once
happy country into several independent confed-
eracies. i t may end in as many governments as
there are States in the Union. It may end in the
total destruction of public liberty and the estab-
lishment in its stead of an absolute despotism.
These things can only be known to Him who holds
in Hie hand the destiny of nations; and if any of
these things should happen, what then becomes
of the value of the bonds authorized to be issued
by this bill for the purchase of the slaves in my
State ?
Mr. Speaker, the more I have considered this
important question the more I am convinced that
in view of the circumstances by which we find
ourselves surrounded, we had better not now em-
bark upon a policy of this sort. Let us concen-
trate our means and energies to the one grand ob-
ject of prostrating this infamous rebellion and
preserving the Government and Constitution of
our-common country from overthrow. Let us
once more feel that we have a Government worthy
of being preserved and competent to protect its
citizensin theenjoymentofall their rights. When
we shall have accomplished this beneficent end,
and provided in good faith for the payment of the
principal and interest of the enormous debt which
we are now contracting, it will then be time enough
for us to consider this subject and make appro-
priations to carry out these benevolent and eco-
nomical policies, many of which have heretofore
been so strangely agitated to the detriment of all
our great inteu'sts, State and national.
There is still another objection to this bill,which
I will barely glance at fora moment. Thepioposi-
tion is for immediate emancipation. I extremely
doubt the policy of such a plan under any circum-
stances. The attempted reform is too sudden; it
must result in very great individual injury, whilst
it would derange and disorganize the whole labor
system of our State. No other State has ever
attempted anything of the kind, within my knowl-
