1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
37tii Cong.... 3d Sess.
Emancipation in Missouri—Mr. Rollins.
Ho. ob Reps,
races, ami would rejoice in the adoption of any safe, just,
and practicable plan for the letnoval ofail slava^ from among
us. IhthPitono such satisfactory plan has been presented.
When, on the ot.ca«ion oi the formation of oui presenteou-
stituiion of Kentucky, in J799, til*' question of the gradual
emancipation ot slaveiyin that (State was agitated, it.- friends
had to encounter a great obstacle in the tact tluuthere then
existed no established colonj' to which thev could be trans-
ported. Now, by the successful cstabhshmentofflouiishing
colonies on the western coast of Africa, that difficulty has
been obviated. Aud I confess that, without indulging in
an\ undue feeling-* of superstition, it doc* «eem to me that
it may have been among the dispensations of Providence
to primit the wtongs urnlei which Afi ica has suffered to be
inflicted, that her children might be returned to their ou-
gmal home,civilized, imhued with the benign spirit of Chris-
tmuit>, and piepaied ultimately to redeem that gieat con-
tinent iiotn barbau«?m and idolatry.
U'nhout undertaking to judge lor any other Stale, it was
in my opinion in 1709 that Kentucky was in a condition
to admit of the gradual emancipation of her slaves; and
how deeply do \ lament that a system, with lhat object,
had not been then established! if it had been, the State
would now be nearly rid of all slaves. My opinion has
never been changed! and I have frequently publicly ex-
pressed jt. j should bo mon happy if what was impracti-
cable at that epoch could now be accomplished.
After full and deliberate consideration of the subject, it
appear lhat thiee principles should regulnte the establish-
ment of a system ofgiadnal emancipation. The fir-t is,
that it should be slow in its opetauon, cautious, and grad-
ual, -o as to occasion no convulsion, noi any rash or sud-
den distill banco in ihecxi-ting habits of society. Second,
that, as an indispensable condition, the emancipated slaves
should be lemoved Irom the State to some colony; and
thndl}, Hint the expenses of their tiansportatiou to such
colony, including an ou'fit for <nx months after their arrival
at u, should he defiajed by a fund to be laised fiom the la-
bor of each Jreed slave.
Nothing could he more unwise than the immediate lib-
eration ot all the slaves in the Suite, comprehending both
se\e- and all age-, fiom that of tender mlanev to extieme
old age. Ii would lead to the most tiightful and fatal con-
sequences. Any great change in the condition of society
should be maiked by extreme cate aud circumspection.
The nuioduetion ol slaves into the colonies was an opeia
tiou of man > year.-'duration ; arid the woi k of their removal
fiom the United State** can onlv be effected aftei the lapse
of a gioat length of nine. I think that a period should be
fixed when ail bom after it should be fiee at a specified age;
all born before it remaining slaves foi lite That period, I
would suggest, should be 1655 or even 1860; foi on tlu-<
and othei arrangements of the system, n adopted, I incline
to a liberal margin,so as to obviate a  many objection-and
to mine as many opinions a^ possible. Whethci the com
menceni'HH ot the opeiation of thesystem be a httlceailier
or later, it is not so impoitant as that a day should be per-
manently fixed, from which wo could look torvvaid with
confidence to the final tcimunition of slavery within the
limit-' of the Commonwealth.
Whatever uia\ be the day fixed, vvhethei 1855 or 18G0,oi
any oihei day, nil born after it, I suggest. should be fiee at
the age of iwuit}-five, but be liable afteiwards to be lured
out under Hie autlmutv of the State for a term not exceed
ing throe year«. m otdet to rai-e a s-um -uflieient to pay the
expenses of their transportation to the colony, and to pro-
vide them an outfit toi mx mombs alter then an ival there.
ii the de-cendaiii- of those who were theni-elve^ to be
free at th^ age ot iwetity- five weie al-o to be eonsideied as
slaves until they attained the same ace, and this nile were
continued indefinitely as to time, it ia manliest that slavery
\v on Id be peipetuated instead of being terminated. Toguai'd
agani-r this consequence, pi ovision might be made that the
oti - pi nig of tlur-e vvho weie to be fiee aftwentv-five should
b'' liee tiom then hittli. but upon ihe condition that they
should be apprenticed until they weie twenty-one, ami be
al-o afterw aid--- li.ible to be lined out a pei iod not excee<l
ins till ee yeai -', tot the purpose of i aiding Hind- to meet the
expense to the colony and then sub-incuce for the liir t six
months. *
The Pennsylvania -jstem of emancipation fixed the pe-
liod '>f twenty-eight ioi the libeiation of ihe slaves, and
p'ovuled, <n her com t- hav e pi nee inlet pieted the sy-iem
to mean, that the i-<ue of all who weie to bodice at the
limited age were liom then bntliM'iee. The Pennsylvania
s\Mfin made no piovi-ion-for colonization.
Until the comnieneement ol the s\-tem which J am eti-
deavoi ui  to sketch. (think all the let/a! lights ol ihe propu-
etois ot slaves, in their fullest extent, ought m icniain iniim-
paned and umestrieted Consequently they would lune
ti)e right to scli, device, or remove them from ihe State, and
in the latter ea&e, without their olfsniing being entitled to
the benefit of einanr i pal ion, foi win eh the -\ -tern provide-
Second. the colonization of the free blacks, a- they <-ue-
cesnvely aruve, fiom year to v  ai. at the age entitling them
to fieedom, I consider a condition ab-oltiH'U mdi-pen--able.
Without it, 1 should be utteily oppos< d to anv scheme ot
emancipation. One hundnd and ninety-odd thousand
black-, com posing about one loui f Ii ot the einne population
ol the State, with then descendant1-, could n< vei live in
peace, harmony, and erjuality u nh the ic-iduc ol the pop-
ulation. 'I'he eoloi. pas-ion-. and prejudices would fouvei
prevent the two laces living togethei m a state of coidial
onion. Social, moral, and political degiadation would be
the inevitable lot ot the coloied race. Even in the free
State* (i use the terms free and slave States riot m any sense
derogatory fiom one clamor inipl>ing any superiority m
the oihei, but for the sake of brevity) that is their piesent
condition. In some of tho-e fiee States the penal legt^ln-
tion agamn the people of color is quite as sevcie, ii not
liaichet, thats in some ot the slave Stat-'- A- nowhere in
the Cmied States aie amalgamation and equality between
the two iaces po--ible, iti- better that thue should be a
sepaiation. and that the African deactndanw should be le-
tuined to the native land of their lathers.
Tt will have been seen that the plan I have suggested pro-
poses the annual transposition of a 11 bom after a specified
day. upon their arrival at the prescribed age, to the colony
which may be selected lor their destination, and this pro-
cess of tian-pouation is to be continued until the separa-
tion of the two races is complete. If the emancipated slaves
weie toiemain in Kentucky until they attained the age of
twenty-eight, it would be about thirty-four > ears be£oie the
first annual tiansportation began, if the system commenced
in 185o, and about thirty-nine years if its operation began
in 1800. What the numbci thus to be annually uansporlcd
would be cannot bo precisely ascertained. T observe it
Hated by the auditor that the inciease of slaves m Ken-
tucky last year was between three and four thousand. But
as that statement was made upon a comparison of tho ag-
gicgate number of all the slaves in the Slate, without ic-
gaid to births, it does not, I piesume, exhibit truly the na£-
ural inciease, which was probably larger. The aggregate
was affected by tho intioducuon. and still more by the ex-
poi ration of slaves. I suppose thatthere would not be less,
probably more, than five thousand to bo tianspoited the first
yeai of the operation of the system ; but alter it was in
progiess some yeais, there would be a constant diminution
of the number.
Would it be piacticable annually to tiansport five thousand
poisons fiom Kentucky ? Theie cannot be a doubt of it, or
even a much laiger number. We receive from Europe an-
nually emigrants to an amount excecdinguvohundred and
fifty thousand, at a coh, for the passage, of about ten dol-
lat per head, and they embark at Gin ope an poits more dis-
tant fiom the United States than the western eoa->t of Af-
rica. It h true that the commercial marine employed
between Europe and the United Stares affoids facilities in
the transpoitation ol emigrants at lhat low rate which lhat
engaged in theconimeice between Libeiiaand tlm country
docs not now supply ; but ih.it commerce i-, uicieasing, and
b> thi' time the piopo^ed vy-tem, if adopted, would go into
opeiation, it will have gieaily augmented. If theie weiea
ceitaimy ot the annual tran-porta'ion ol not less than live
thou-and peison-> to Africa, it would create a demand for
tiau-poiis, and the spun of competition would, I have no
doubt, gicatly dimtni>h the piesent cost of tin1 passage.
That co.-i ha- bout slated, upon good authority, to he at
piesent flity dollars pei head, rneluiliim the pa-sage, and six
months5 outfit, aftei the at rival of the emigrant in Africa.
Whatever may be the eon, and whatever the number to be
trnn-poited, the fund to be raised by ihe hue of the liber-
ated slave, foi a penod not exceeding three years, will be
amply -ufiieient. The annual lure.on the avetage, maybe
estimated at fifty dollais, or §150 for ihe whole teim.
Colonization will bo a'tended with the painful elfect of
the sepaiation of the colonists fioin their patents, and in
some instance* from then eluhhen; but fiom the latter It
will be only tempouuy, a- thev will follow and be again ie-
unifed Tlieii separation from their patent- will not be
until after they have attained a mature aire, norgreatei than
voluntauly takes place with emnirant- fiom Euiopo, who
hiav*1 then patents behind It will be fai le-s di-liessmg
than what fiequentiy occurs in the state of slaveiy. and
will be attended with the animating enconia'jement lhat
the eoloni-Ks are. tran-feircd !iom n hind ot bondage and
demadation toi them, to a land of liheiiv and equality.
And, thud, the expense of fi an-poi tins the libei a ted slave
to the colony, and of mainiamlng him theie foi six mouths
I think ought to be piovided fui by a Innd derived from his
lahot,iu the manner already indicated, lie is the pauy
most benefited by emancipation H would not he light
to subject the non-flavcholdej to any pait of that ex-
pense; ami the slaveholder will have made siifiicicntsacii-
liees, wiihoui being e\clu-ivcly Imidened with taxes to
ia:-e thai fund The emancipan d slave> could be hired
out, for the nine piopo-ed, by the <-hei<fi ot other public
agent in each county, who should be subject to -tnet ac-
countability. And it would be requi-ite that theie should
b' kept a iegi-tei of,-ill biiths, and of all children of color,
after ihe day fixed for the commencement ot the sv-lein,
enforced by appioprmie sanctions, It would be a veiy de-
suable icgulaiion of law to have ihe birth-, death-, and
ni.unagr- oi the whole popul itmn of the Siaro re«{'.-(eied
and pie-ei\ed, as i- done in most well governed State.
Among other consideration- Which unite in i eeouiinond-
ing to the Stale of lv<-ntu' ky ,i j-ysi.-urjor the gradual aboli-
tion ofslaveiy, i  that ai i-ingour of het'<e.\|)o-ed condition,
allord.ug great faci'itu <• to the e-eape of her slaves into the
lief* State- and into Canada. She does noi eitiov (he se-
curitv which some ot the >lave Staie-j liavc, by being cov-
ered in d< )>!h by two oi three slave States mteivemng be-
tueeu them and the fiee State?. She has a gieatei length
of border on free Mat- > than any other -slave State in the
Union That bordet i-, the Ohio nvei, extending from the
mouth of the Big Sandusky lo the utou.h of the olno, a dis-
tance of near six. liiinili ed mile1-', -epaiating her nom theal-
ic.idy powerful and giowing States of Ohio, Indiana, and
h'nioi-. Vn t miinbr-i^ of .-lave- have fied from mo-1 of the
counties of Kentucky from the mouth ot Big Sandy to the
mouth oi .Miami, and the < vrl ha* mcn.a-ed and i'- mcrea--
m<.' Attem|.t< to recover the fugitive-* lead to the most
p.unln! tind i' nratnig eoili-ions. Hitherto countenance and
a—i-tjiice to ihe lugi'ives iiave been ehn fly afforded by
P"i -oir m tin- State o! Ohio, but it i-to he apprehended
tioni the piogie-sive opposition to ^lave|y, that m [iioees.s
of time snnilai laciii! te- to the e-eapo ol -laves w ill be found
in the Slate-oi Indiana and llhnou-. means oti adroads
Canada can be reached from Cim mnati in a little more than
tuentv-four houis
In the event or a oivil war bieaking out, oi in the more
direful event of a dis-oiution oi the Union, in consequence
of the exi-tence of slaver \, Kentucky would become the
theater and hear the brunt ot the waf She would doubt-
lec . defi ml Ik i-< If With her known v. Jot aud galrunm ; but
tin' -jupenoriiv oi the number- In which -he would be op-
pored would lay waste and d( vacate her lau li. Id? Her
Si-t'.'l slave state--would flv to ller Mil < Ol , hut even if they
-honld besuccessful m the unequal conflict she never could
obtain any indemnity foi the inevitable ravages of the war.
It may be urged that we ought not by the gradual aboli-
tion of slavery to separate ourselves from the other slave
States, but continue to share with them m all their future
fortunes. The power of each slave State within its limits
over the institution of slavery is absolutevsu,preme,and ex-
clusive—exclusive of that ot Congress or that of any other
State. The government of each slave State is bouod b/
the highest and most solemn obligations to dispose of the
question of slavery so as best to promote the peace, happi-
ness, and prosperity of the people of the State. Kentucky
being essentially a farming State, slave labor is less profit-
able.
If, in most of tho other slave States, they find that labor
more profitable in the culture of the staples of cotton and
sugar, they may perceive a reason in that feeling for con-
tinuing slaveiy, which it cannot be expected should eon-
ti ol the judgment of Kentucky as to what may be fitting and
piopci for her interests. If she should abolish slavery, it
would be her duty, and I trust that she would be as ready
as she now is, to defend the slave States in the enjoyment
of all their lawiul and constitutional rights. Her power,
political and physical, would be greatly increased; for the
one hundred and ninety-odd thousand slaves and their
descendants would be gradually superseded by an equal
number of white inhabitants, who would be estimated per
capita, and not by the Federal lule of three fifths pre-
scribed for the colored race in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
I have thus without reserve freely expressed my opinion
and presented my views. The interestingsubjectof which
f have treated would have admitted of much enlargement,
but 1 have debited to consult bievity. The plan which 1
have pioposed will hardly be accused ofbeing too early in
its commencement oi too rapid in its operation. It will be
more likely to meet with contrary reproaches. If adopted
it is to begin tiuity-four or thirty-nine yeara from the time
of its adoption, as the one period or the other shall be se-
lected for its commencement. How long it will take to
remove all the. colored race from the State, by the annual
ti an-poi tatum of each year'-* natural increase cannot be ex-
act!} ascertained. After the system bad been in operation
some years, 1 think it probable, from the manifest blessings
that would flow from it, trom the diminished value of slave
labor, aud from the humanity aud benevolence of private
individuals piompiing a hbeiauon of their slaves and their
tiauspoilatum, a geneial dt-position would exist to accel-
erate and complete the work of colonization.
That the system will be attended with some sacrifices on
the part of slaveholders, which are to be regretted, need not
be denied. What groat and bcneficiat enterpnsc was ever
accomplished without risk and sacrifice? But these sac-
rifices are distant, contingent, and inconsiderable. Assum-
ing the vear 1860 lor the commencement of the system, all
slaves bom prior to that tune would renlain such during
their live®, and the personal loss ot the slaveholder would
be only the difference in value of a female slave whose off-
^piing. xf she had any, botn after the Jtit day of January,
1860, should be free at the age of twenty-five, or should be
slaves foi life.
In the mean time, ifthe right to lemove or sell the slave
out of the State should be exercised, that trifling loss would
not'be inclined. The slaveholder, alter the commence-
ment of the system, would lose the difference in value be-
tween slaves foi life and slaves until the age oft wenty-five.
lie might also incur some inconstdct able expense in rearing
from their birfh I he issue of those who were to be fiee at
twenty five, until they were old enough to be apprenticed
out; but as it is piobahle that they would be most generally
bound to linn, he would teceive some indemnity for their
services until they attained their majority.
Mo.-t ot the evils, lost-e*, and misfoi tunes of human life
have some compensation or alleviation. The slaveholder
is generally a landholdei, and I am persuaded that he would
find in the augmented value of his land some, if not full,
indemnity for lo-ses armng ro him from emancipation and
colonization. He would also fiberally share in the general
benefits accruing lo the whole Slate irom tin; extinction of
slavery. The-e have boeu go otten and so fully stated that
J will not, noi is it necessaty, to dwell upon them exten-
sively. They may be summed up in a few word*. We shall
remove from among u- the contaminating influences of a
servile and degraded race, of dtfieientcolor; we shall enjoy
the pioud and con-cious satisfaction of placing that race
wheie they can enjov the great blc.—ing* of libei tv and civil,
political, and social equality ; we shall acqune the advant-
age ol the diligence, the fidelity, and the cou-tancy of free
labor, instead of the carelessness, the infidelity, and' the un-
steadiness of slave l.tboi ; we'•hall elevate the character
of white labor, and elevate the -ocial condition ot the white
laboicr; augment tiie value of oui lands, improve the agri-
culture of the State, attiact capital fiom abroad to all the
pui-uit- of commerce, manufactures, and agriculture ; re-
dress, a- fai and as fa-t as we prudently could, any wrongs
which the de-cendant- of Africa have suffered at our hands,
and we should demonstrate the sincerity with which we
pay indiscriminate homage tothe great cause of the liberty
of the human lace.
Kentucky enjoys high respect and honorable consider-
ation thioughout tho Union and throughout the civilized
world ; but in my humble opinion, no title which she has
to the e-teem and adnmation of mankind, no deeds of her
former gloj v. would equal m greatne-s and giandeur that of
being the psoneei State m removing fiom her soil every
trace of human slavery, and in establishing the descendants
of Afnea within her jurisdiction in the native land of their
foiefaiherr.
1 have thus executed the promise 1 made, alluded to in
the commencement of this letter, and hope that £ have done
itcahnlv, free from intemperance, and so as to wound the
seji-ibilitiGs of none. 1 sincerely hope that the question
may be considered and decided without the influence of
par ty or pa-^ion. 1 should be ino-t happ) to have the good
fortune of coinciding in opinion with a major try of the peo-
ple of Kentucky ; but, it there be a inajouty opposed to all
schemes of gradual emancipation, however much 1 may
