1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS:
slaves wert^ihere marching along within the ranks
of that regiment. They went and solicited the
liberty from Colonel Curtis to reclaim their skives,
to take possession of them. He denied them that
privilege. I saw them press again and again for
admission into the ranks, and I saw his soldiers
with the bayonet keep oil* those loyal men who,
by the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, have the right to reclaim their slaves
anywhere, if they can do it without a breach of
the p«-ace. I saw, furthermore, these loyal men
go to the judges of our courts and get out wai rant a
for the purpose of serving upon the officers, col-
onels and captains, and the soldiers who thus had
wrongfully taken their slaves and forcibly with-
held them, and I saw the officers go to execute
these processes of our State, and I saw men resist
with fixed bayonets, and heard orders given if the
officers came any more to bayonet them.
If 'the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] who gave his sympathy to the re-
sistance of the execution of a law declared by the
Supreme Court of the United States to be consti-
tutional, in the streets of Boston, when the negro
Burns was about to be reclaimed, under the ad-
ministration of Mr. Fillmore—if he could have
felt justified for giving his sympathy to that re-
bellion, an armed rebellion of ten thousand men
to resist a law of Congress, what would he have
done if, in the execution of a constitutional right,
the execution of process issued by a judge of a
loyal State wheie the laws prevailed, there had
been such a case of resistance to the laws of his
Stat*?
Now, Mr. President, a few more words. 1
know the southern planters. I have many ac-
quaintances among southern planters in Louisi-
ana and in Arkansas. A man of gieatintelhgence,
and as much fidelity as a Union man as any other,
who had some twelve months ago about twelve
hundred bales of cotton burnt, told me that this
was the division of panics in (he South, in the
whole Mississippi countiy; and he told me it was
especially the fact in Louisiana and Arkansas.
The couutry, he said, was divided into two par-
ties. About one planter in ton belonged to one
of the parties. In addition to that, all the politi-
cians of the country belonged to that party; all
thearmy and military men belonged to that party;
all the gamblers and desperate men of their soci-
ety belonged to that party. On the other side,
nine out of ten of the planters, their overseers,
every man who works, every man who wants se-
curity of person and property, belongs to the other
party.
The latter party believe that their rights of per-
son and property were always much safer, and
will always be safer under the old Government
than under the new. He said, " we are deeply
dissatisfied with the burning of our cotton; we
are deeply dissatisfied with the restriction of the
cultivation of our acres to six hundred; and they
have spoken of another measure, which, if they
endeavor to enforce it, will give rise to military
resistance; and that is, that every planter who lives
within five miles of the river or the coast shall re-
move his slaves beyond that distance." He said,
also, " when the United States take possession of
the States of Arkansas arid Louisiana with a mil-
itary force that is capable of holding possession
of the country, and will satisfy the people there
of their purpose to hold it, and will protect them
in their rights of person and property, in a short
time thereafter these States will come back to the
Union rejoicing." They are now subjugated by
the military power of the confederate states.
Mr. President, I have as much conviction asj
have of anything to happen, as perfect and confi-
dent a conviction that if the President of the Uni-
ted States and Congress will inauguiate that pol-
icy; if he will return to his original policy, and
they to theirs, and place James Guthrie or James
P. Robinson, the Goveinor of die State of Ken-
tucky, in the unlimited and discretionary com-
mand of the military foice now upon the Missis-
sippi, in less than six weeks Arkansas and Lou-
isiana will come back to the Union rejoicing and
singing praises to the President.
Why, sir, let me give one fact, and f will com?
to a close. There never was anything on earth
so iniquitous and unjust as the President's proc-
lamation so fir as it embraces loyal people. The
gentleman to whom I refer, and many other plant-
ers whom I know m that country* are juatas loyal
as I am. Gentlemen may say that is no better
than it should be. Butl say this: give them the
protection of an army capable of taking possession
of the country and maintaining it, and then de-
clare to them that they shall have all their rights
under the Constitution, and they will speedily
return.
There is in my town an interesting widow,
whose husband was killed about twenty years
ago by an explosion upon a steamboat. I was
present when his remains were brought bock to
my village and buried, i saw her with her five
orphan children going to his grave, a Niobe.
He had three or four hundred acres of land near
the mouth of the Arkansas, and about twenty-five
slaves. The whole proceeds of that small estate
from that time have been given up to the pay-
mentof debts winch her husband owed at the time
of his death, till about two years ago. She then
had one hundred or one hundred and fifty bales
of cotton a year, which she supposed in her age
would go to her support and to the education of
her younger children; but the rebels seized that
cotton and burned it. Tier son-in-law, a gallant,
a brave, a noble youth, joined the Federal army
in my town in the month of October, and went
with General Burbage to Vicksbtirg, and was in
all the assaults that were made upon that town.
He then went with the army to the mouth of the
Arkansas, and was engaged m taking all the
posts and woiks the army took there. He was
in two or thiee other considerable skirmishes,
and then moved with thatarmy to the Post of Ar-
kansas. He was with the column that formed the
storming party, and his general was the first officer
of that grade within those works, and to him the
rebel general surrendered his swoid.
Now, sir, that gallant youth was fighting within
twelve miles of the small estate that belongs to his
mother-in-law and to her orphan children, and no
man fought with a braver or more faithful heart
in that army than he di'd. What soi t of requital
is it for this noble youth that he shall peril his life,
join a storming party, and move to conquest un-
der the stars and stripes and the panoply of the
Constitution, to have his mother's slaves, loyal
as she is, and loyal as he is, wrested from her by
an iniquitous proclamation of the President of the
United States? Sir, that is but one of a thousand
cases. If all of them could be gartered together,
and their simple and touching tale of truth could
be told to this Senate and to the President, unless
you have hearts of stone you would yield, and
would exempt at least the loyal people from the
atrocious effects of this proclamation.
Sir, I want this war to be brought to a close. If
ever I was wrapped in any idea, any contemplation,
it was when 1 indulged m reveries of the power,
glory, wealth, and moral influence of the United
States under our Constitution—the Union pre-
served. It has been the idol of my life. It is the
last thing 1 will sui render. If, indeed, it isa ruin,
around the dear lum each wish of my heart will
entwine itself verdantly still. I want the stars and
stripes to be borne aloft to triumph on every bat-
tle-field. The sooner the triumph is complete and
final the better for the rebels and for the Union
men also.
But, Mr. Piesident, you cannot make slaves of
freemen, though they are m the camp. They are
citizen soldiers. They have the principles of free-
men. They have ihe soul—the fiee, undaunted,
and unpurchasable soul of freemen. The idea of
stifling their expressions of condemnation against
an unconstitutional and an unwise policy is futile.
You might as well attempt to stop the fall of the
torrent of Niagara. It will roll on m resistless
force. They will talk, and there will be division
in the camp. It is not the speeches in Congress
that cause that division. It is the proclamations;
it is the culpable, iniquitous departure from the
original policy of Congress and the President. !f
you want to reverse thiscouise of things, and re-
foim it, you must first refoim yourselves; you
must go back to the Constitution, to those prin-
ciples upon which she war should be conducted,
enunciated originally by the President and by this
Congress. Whenever you do so, and rally the
freemen of the country, those who prefer the Con-
stitution, its rights and liberties, to the abolition
of slavery, you will have volunteers enough. Re-
verse your course; let the Piesident, mihtaiy man
that he is, give an order to countermarch; let him
countermarch himaclf and get back to his original
position, declare it to the world, tpaintaiu it, a|w
point men to the command of,armies who wilhstrs^
tain it; let him put himself right in this respect*
and my life for it, whenever he sounds the A men*
can bugle for volunteers, they may not come from
Massachusetts, but from the middle States and th<$
great West and the Southwest they wilt.come up
like the stars of the sky and the sands of the sea-
shore.
No wonder the Senator from Ma «saclkUfseUs
should want the negioes emancipated. I have
here evidence that his Governor is sending his
recruiting officers down to Fortress Monroe to re-
cruit the contingent of Massachusetts among the
"contrabands"there. I am informed second hand
fiom Colonel Spear that one of the Massachusetts
regiments in the battle of Blackwatcr, as well as
one of the Pennsylvania regiments, refused to
fight. Governor Andrew has got the ptoclama*
lion; the gentlemen have got their proclamation;
where are the ranks of Massachusetts^ free whitd
soldiers that were to crowd the roads to the battle-
field and bring this war to such a sudden and suc-
cessful and glorious issue? We find this vaunting
Governor sending his recruiting officers down to
Fortress Monioe, and there, from the fugitive ne-
groes of Virginia and Maryland, endeavoring to
reciuit the lesidue of thp Massachusetts contin-
gent to carry on this war.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in his statement on that point. The Sena-
tor, pei haps, is not aware that Governor Andrew
recently received an order from the Department
of War to enroll negro regiments. I beiieve ha
is now engaged in that service.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 shall be exceedingly glad- te
find myself mistaken, because I am unwilling to
believe that Governor Andrew, or any other man,
could be as bad and as degraded a man as thai
course of conduct could make him; but here is
what is said in in relation to it. I read from the
correspondence of the New York Times, and that
is a pretty good medium for the truth, I suppose,
according to the views and judgment of "Black
Republicans:"
Fortress Monroe, Febi uaty 3, 1863.
 An authorization having been granted by the Govern-
ment to Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, for the enlist-
ment of colored men''' 
Mr. SUMNER. That is it.
Mr. DAVIS—
"as rnited Suit™ soldiers, the latter has requested Ms.
C. 11. \Vymer,superintendentoi contrabands for this depart-
ment, to enlist such as desire it. Having obtained the con-
currence of Gemial Dix, as military goveinor, Mr. Wymer
immediately held out piospeets of promotion in the black
legiment to"certain commisMonod and non-commissioned
otheeid here, and the result is a spirited jceruitment on the
part ot able men who will render good service. In this
neighborhood, including that of Noi folk, Suffolk, and \ <>rk-
tovvn, at Ie.T>t a bnffahon, and probably a regiment, Will be
raised within a fortnight. The men will then be sent to
Wfl&lilngton and endued with blue coats and red unmen-
tionables, as part ot the Massachusetts, contingent "
Now, if my honorable friend would just assume
a pair of stars, or put two stars upon each shoul-
der, and go. down there, commence the recruit-
ment of these contrabands, and then place him-
self at their head, and charge light through and
home to the enemy, and lure back victory to the
old stars and stripes, even at the head of a black
host, he would get some glory and make some
atonement for his errois.
Mi. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
mnke a suggestion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from the tenor of
the Senator's remarks that his objections are not
to the character of troops who aie to be raised by
Govemm Andrew, but to the fact that they are to
be applied to fill out the quota of Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. Both,
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understood the Senator to
recommend that the Senator from Massachusetts
should put himself at the head of a brigade of that
I description.
i Mr. DAVIS. I would condemn him and bin
I command together. I want to get them together
1 m order that I may make the combination more
j detestable. My honoiable friend has read the eio-
, quent denunciation of Pitt against the employ-
S ment of the Indians by the British Government
! in the levolutionaiy war. Thett wu# a Colonel
I Bane 
! Mr, GRIMES. They were savages.
! Mr. W1LMOT. These are Christian peoplo.
! Mr. DAViS The negroes are reclaimed sav*
