148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28y
SYth Cong....3d Sess.
Emancipation in ^Missouri—Mr. Norton.
Ho. of Reps.
regret it, my duty will be to bow in submission to their
will.
If it be perfectly certain and manifest that such a ma-
jority exists. F should think it better not to agitate the ques-
tion at all, since that m that case it would be useless, and
might excrcisc a pernicious collateral influence upon the
fkir consideration of other amendments which may be pro-
posed to our constitution. If there be a majority of the
people of Kentucky at this time adverse to touching the in-
stitution of slavery a* it now exist*, we, who had thought
and wished otherwise, can only indulge the hope that at
some future time, under better auspices, and with the bless-
ings of Providence, tbe cause which wo have so much at
heart may be attended with better success.
In any event, I shall have the satisfaction of having per-
formed a duty to the State, to the subject, and to myself,
by placing my sentiments permanently upon record.
With great regard, lam your friend and obedient servant,
II. CLAY.
Richard Pindell, Esq.
In addition to this letter upon the subject of
emancipation in Kentucky, I have still another
from the same source, bearing more immediately
on the subject of emancipation in Missouri. I
hold it in my hand. It is an autograph letter of
Mr. Clay, and has uever before been published.
It was written as far back as 1835, to a warm per-
sonal friend, then a distinguished citizen of Calla-
way county, Missouri, upon the subject of eman-
cipation by that State, and which, at the time,
was being considerably discussed there. Contain-
ing, as it does, so much wisdom on this interest-
ing theme, and having the permission to print it,
I will also send it to the public with these remarks.
Ashland, July 18, 1835.
MyDea-rSir: * * * * t have also, my
dear sir, to make my acknowledgements to Mrs. ltusseH
and yourself for the honor done me in bestowing my name
on your infant. May he live to be us«lul to his country
and a blessing to his parents.
Yon opeak of the probability of a convention, in which
you suppose a leading quos-tloii that will be agitated is that
of emancipation, and yon ask mv opinion of it. A-< to im
mediate emancipation, i think it wholly out of the quo.s-
tion. It could noi be adopted justly without compensation;
and U could not he safely, considering ibe want of cjuahli-
c.nthm m thesdavpn either to enjoy lieedorn or to provide
comfortably lor themselves.
Gradual emancipation*that h,emancipation at a cottain
age, of all born after a limited period  3 a very different
question. Thirty-seven years asjo tins quc«tion\vas made
m Kentucky when we were about to reform our con-tltu-
tion. 1 \va- then in thvor of it, but we were in the minor-
ity, and were debated.
It h a question, 1 think, which depends upon the relative
numbers of the white and black race*. Where the hktck
preponderates, or nearly equal, I would not bu in favor
of it; but where the whites preponderate, as in Missouri,
it appears to me it may bo safely adopted. The proportion
ot slaves to ilie white* with you as twenty-twoto ninetv-
seven, or a little more than one fifth. In such a lelative
condition of tin* two races there is no danger ot the African
ever aequmni,' the ascendency.
Thru slavery i-* unjust and H a great evil are undisputed
axioms. The difficulty always has been how to get rid of it ?
In States where they are, comparatively few that difficulty
is Jess. And in Pennsylvania and oth'ei northern States
they have gotten rni of slavery almost without a Mriii'ijle.
As to compensation, supposing that you were to put off
the commencement ot the period to the year, sty, l ;>o,
holding nil to he slaves lor hie hom piior to that year, and
ail .subsequent to he free ut the a?e of twenty-eight, Mieie
would be very little, jf anv, diminution in the value ot slave
properly. The measure would operate only on the female ;
and how much less would a female «?l:ive be wotth. who
being herself a slave tor hie, her ortVpnng alter 1850 an: to
be hbetatod? If there were no prohibition of the removal
of slaves ptior to 1850, there would be no depreciation in
the value.
The effect of the measure would be to allow you slave
labor In the infancy of your th.ue, when n is most wanted,
and to substitute ultimately free laborfor it when fiee labor
would be abundant. And you would thus guntlvand gi.id-
ually free yourselves from what has not been inaccurately
chaiacteii&ed a great curse.
These are mv views communicated for your own satis-
«actum, at your request, and not loi publication
WJicn Missouri was admitted into the Union, I stud to
her delegate, Mr. Scott, "go home, eutei the convention
ot \otir folate, and exert yourself to establish a system of
gradual emancipation similar to that which U . Fianklm
prevailed upon I'cnusj Ivania to adopt in 1710."
I do riot conceive that your State could be justly charge-
able with violating any pledge to emigrants by adopting the
principle of gradual emancipation. The State has never
declared that slavery should he petpetual It tolerated sla-
very, but letained the power possessed by ail slave States
to abolish it when the good of the Commonwealth required.
Emigrant's went to your State knowing of this power, and
knowing that the majority must govern. In making uptlmt
majority they have their voices pro or con.
**********
In Kentucky there is not the usual excitement attending
the present elections. There is,perhaps, too much apathy
prevailing.
With great regard, I am your fiiend and obedient ser-
vant* H. CLAY.
Colonel William IIekry Russei.l.
Similar authoriti«  might be multiplied without
number on this interesting question, but I will not
encumber the record. Enough has been said.
Our pathway in Missouri is plain. If we would
secure our own quiet, and at the same time ad-
vance the rapid growth in population and wealth
of our great State, we should adopt a judicious
and equitable plan of gradual emancipation. Such
is the policy recommended to us by our able and
patriotic Governor. I plant myself upon this pol-
icy. I am ready to cooperate with good men
everywhere to promote it. I follow the example
of the great, the good, and wise men who have
gone before us, and who so much aided in plant-
ing the tree oflibeity on this continent, who have
contributed to its growth and lty pieservation in
all the varying and disturbed scenes and trials of
our country. While no man is infallible in this
age of " great events and small men," we cannot
greatly err upon a great question of this sort when
we take our stand by the side, and followthe teach-
ings of Washington, of La Fayette, of Frank-
lin, and of Clay.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, in a very hasty and
imperfect manner, thrown out a few general ob-
sei vations on the subject of emancipation in Mis-
souu, and have taken occasion to express my own
decided convictions as to the best plan of emanci-
pation. I do not pretend to go into details. So
that the system isgradual, and the leastcalculated
to disturb the rights of the people, or to produce
unnecessary conflict, I shall be content. I have
deemed it my duty thus to speak. It is no time
for any public man to withhold his opinions on a
subject like this.
It may be, sir, that these views will not prove
acceptable to many of my constituents. But es-
teeming them aw an enlightened and generous peo-
ple, 1 know they will give me credit for the sin-
cerity of my convictions. I would do nothing to
wound them, or which I did not believe would, in
the end, promote their true interests and the hap-
piness and welfare of their children. I have no
interests separate from theirs. 1 am in all respects
identified with them. Missouri is my home; it is
the birthplace of my wife and childienj beneath
its soil repose the ashes of those whose memories
arc doubly dear to me—ail that I have is there.
For weal or for woe, my destiny is inseparably
connected with the people of that State. 1 desire
to see our great Commonwealth speedily relieved
from the embariassments which now surround
iter, and which have so much palsied the enter-
prise .tnd energies of her population.
So far as the mere slave interest of the State
mav be compared io her other great interests, it
sinks into utter insignificance, and all we want is
a policy founded in liberal statesmanship, which
will speedily insure the development of our vast
ag r ic ul tu ral, mineral, man ufactu ring and commer-
cial wealth, to make Missouri one of the foremost
Suites of the Union, and her already proud me-
tropolis, gracing in queen-like splendor, the west
hank of the " father of waters," and command-
ing, by her raihoads and magnificent uvers, the
interior trade and commerce of the continent, the
seat of wealth, of power, of learning, and of re-
finement upon the Ameuccin continent.
But, sir, to insure these icsuSts for us and our
posterity, we must preserve our nationality and
the integrity of the Government. The^cau in no
event he yielded,and though the blood of kindred
and of friends mayyetflow upon a hundred battle-
fields, and the waters of our great rivers be stained
by (he sanguimuy conflict, these saciificcs and
mighty efforts will not have been made in vain
if we can once more see the flag of our country,
that emblem of liberty and law, that pioneer of
civilization and of piogress, floating in triumph
over a free and united people.
Mr. Speaker, a hard fate has overtaken us. If
the mighty energies which we are now putting
forth, in the attempt to destroy each other, had
been directed to conquest, we might, indeed, have
boasted an "ocean-bound republic." If in a
peaceful way directed to emancipation, we might
have bought and colonized every slave upon the
continent, united the two oceans by railroads,
girdled the whole earth with electric telegraphs,
planted school-houses and churches on every hill-
top and in every valley upon the continent. Differ-
ently directed, the proudest nations of the earth i
might have been compelled to acknowledge our
power, andtyield to us the supremacy. But, alas \
these things have not been. We have dishonored
the memories of the good and truly great, black-
ened the page of our country *s history, and stained
its hitherto beautiful escutcheon with fraternal
blood. And if we are at last as a nation to per-
ish—which God forbid—our fate will be recorded
in the touching and melancholy wail of the poet
over his dying friend, in whose system were
planted the fatal seeds of his own dissolution:
 ' 'Twas Chine own genius gave the final blow,
And help'd to plant the wound that laid thee low;
So the struck eagle, strctched upon the plain,
No more through rolling clouds to soar again,
View'd his own feathei on the fatal dart,
And wmg'd the shaft that quiver'd in his heart;
Keen were his pangs, but keener far to feel
lie nursed the pinion which impelled the steel,
While the same plumage that had wanned his nest
Drank the last life-drop ofiiis bleeding breastI"
But,sir, I trust that as a nation weshall notdie;
that no such funeral dirge shall be written for the
American people; that the angel of peace will yet
again return to us; that the green sod will grow
upon, and the loveliest flowers of spring decorate,
the newly made grave; that the sword and the
spear will be converted into the plowshare and
pruning-hook; and that,burying thebloody mem-
ories of the recent past in the bright promises and
radiant hopes of the future, the American Repub-
lic, united, powerful, and happy, will yet realize
the vision ofthe poetand philosopher, as hegazed
from the most distant land in Europe, that
" Time's noblest empire is tiie la.st!"
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
SPEECH OF HON. E. II. NORTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On the question of making an appropi iation for the eman-
cipation of slaves in Missouri.
Mr. NORTON. This measure has assumed
three phases since its appearance in this House.
First, the chrysalis state, when introduced by my
colleague, [Mr. Noell,] proposing, for emancipa-
tion, $10,000,000, with the faith of the Govern-
ment pledged to remove out of the State such slaves
as might be willing to go. Second, the bill as
amended in the Senate, with $10,000,000 forgrad-
ual emancipation ending in 1876, or $20,000,000
for immediate emancipation ending m 1865, with
the provision for deportation stiuck out. Third,
the bill ay last introduced from the select commit-
tee appropriating- $15,000,000 for immediate eman-
cipation without deportation. I do not propose
to consider the proposition as introduced by my
colleague, but shall coniinetmyself to the consid-
eration of the bill as amended in the Senate.
When this bill, in a somewhat different shape,
was up in this House where it originated, it was
pressed Up a passage without discussion and al-
most without consideration, under the whip and
spur of the previous question, after a shoit ex-
planatory speech from one of my colleagues who
had the bill in charge. So hot was the haste to
put it on im passage that another of my colleagues,
whose constituents were deeply interested in the
measure, was denied the opportunity of simply
presenting an amendment to be voted on when the
question was taken. Thus, sir, iti thirty minutes
of time was tins bill originally run through the
House,although it contained propositionsatonce
startling and alarming, proposing to effect, in a
most vital and important manner, the interests
of over one million of the people of my State, and
to abstract from the common public Treasury
$10,000,000. This measure, immediately affect-
ing the interests of the people I represent here as
well as the whole public, I will not content my-
self by simply casting a vote against it.
The first section of the bill as amended in the
Senate, makes it the duty of the President:
Whenever satisfactory evidence is furnished him that the
State ot Missouri has adopted a valid and constitutional
law, ordinance, or other provision foi the immediate or
gradual emancipation of the elaves therein, and the esclu-
