THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). G.
Thirty-Seventh Congrkss, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10,-1863.
New Series No. 51.
as they please. Were I to do it 1 should esteem
myself in all time to be u perjurer before high
Heaven.
There isaclausein the Constitution which says
that private property may be taken for public
uses; bat it is only upon just compensation being
paid. You do not take this property for public
uses; neither do you propose to give a just com-
pensation for it; for the compensation given in
your bill is not a just one; it will not be half the
value of the slaves. No gentleman claims the
power to do this under that clause of the Consti-
tution. So far from taking this property for pub-
lic uses, you take it to turn it loose, to throw it
adrift upon the country; and what is worse, you
throw them out as vagabonds, as wanderers, as
beggars. Wherever you have interfered with this |
property, these slaves, or the larger portion of j
them, have become a public, charge. You are j
now feeding in the United States perhaps one hun- |
dred thousand of this description of people out of
the- Treasury of the United States. You have
them in this city, to whom you issue rations as
you do to your soldiers; you have them at Hilton
Head; you have them at Fortress Monroe; you
have them down on the Mississippi; and where
ever 'you have attempted to carry out your un- i
holy, unconstitutional, unrighteous, and wicked j
crusade against this kind of proper (y, you have
broughtthischargeupontheTreasury. 1 demand
to know where you get the authority to take j
money out of the public Treasury to feed and '
clothe these vagabond negroes, whom you have j
unconstitutionallyand unlawfully,in many cases, ;
torn from their masters. You have no authority ;
to do it; and yet it is done.
1 wish to address myself particularly to the
Senators on the other side of the Chamber. The
President, on a memorable occasion, said that
the Chicago platform was a law unto him. 1
suppose you regard it as a law upon you. 1 hope
after you have used it as a ladder to climb into
power you will not kick itdown and disregard it.
That platform was wicked enough in itself. If
carried out it overthrew the Constitution suffi-
ciently, 1 should think, to satisfy gentlemen on
the other side. There is one clause in that plat-
form to which I wish to invite your attention,
and ask you how you can, consistently with that j
clause in your platform, which your President has j
said was a law to him, vote for this bill. It is m j
the fourth section. I will read that part of it: j
"That the maintenance inviolate of tue lights of the j
States, and especially ihc ri:;ht of oach State to order and 1
control its own domestic institution4! according to it-* own
judgment exclu&ivnly, is essential to that balance of povv-
eis on winch the perfection and endutaticc of our political
fabuc depends."
How can you, Senators, in view of that clause
of your platform, if it is a law to you, as the
President has declared it was to him, vote for
this bill? It uses the word " exclusively"—" to
control its own domestic institutions according to
its own judgment exclusively." You may say
that you merely give this money to assist Mis-
souri to emancipate the slaves. You offer them
a bonus to effect this object in direct violation of j
that clause of your platform, because you do not j
leave it exclusively to the State of Missouri.
There is no doubt about that. You say Missouri
would not do U unless you gave this amount of
money. It is clear, then, that without the in-
tervention of Congress, without the aid from the
Treasury of the United States, the object could
not be accomplished. Do you not call that inter-
ference with the domestic institutionsof the States?
Certainly it is; there can be no doubt about it; and
yet you arc ready now to record your votes in
favor of a proposition utterly unconstitutional and
m violation of the Chicago platform, which your
President declared was a law unto him. I hope
that no other President will proclaim a party plat-
form a law unto him. 1 thought the speech dis-
graceful when made, and I do not think any bet-
ter of it now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is a very
[ pUuform.
51
Mr. POWELL. There is a great deal I do not
disapprove of in that platform, although it was as
rotten a platform as ever was made.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Iam glad
you have studied it.
Mr. POWELL. I have studied it, and com-
mented on it at great length before the people; and
the clause I have read is about the best thing I
have found in it. You who made it and elected
a President upon it,are now about to kickitover.
As it served you in its time, I would not treat it
so ruthlessly, particularly as your chief saysitis
a law unto him.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly; I will allow as
many questions as you choose to put. You can
make even a speech by way of change, and I will
listen to you.
Mr. HOWE. I do not desire to make a speech.
The only question that [ wish to put is this: I
simply wish to know of the Senator from Ken-
tucky if, in his judgment, the Chicago platform
concedes that the control of a State over its do-
mestic institutions is any more absolute than the
control of himself over his farm or any property
that he has? That is one question I will put to
him.
Mr. POWELL. Go on, put them all; and I
will answer.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose the Senator would
answer no to that; that the Chicago platform docs
not concede that the control of a State over its do-
mestic institutions is any more absolute than his
own control over his own property.
Mr. POWELL. You have answered that ques-
tion for me. Now put some for me to answer.
Mr. IIOWE. The next question is whether
our offer to the State of Miasomi of such a sum
to emancipate slavei y within its limits is any more
an interference with her control o-ver the subject
than the offer of a certain sum to him to part with
his farm, or any other property, is an interference
with his control over his property.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will answer that question
with a great deal of pleasure. Certainly it would
not be, if he had the ri^ht to give the money. It
the Senator will give Misr>oui i $20,000,000 to pari
with her slaves, it is perfectly constitutional, and
he has a. right to do it. He has a right to y;o to
Missouri and buy every slave there, if he will pay
for them and the owners are willing to sell, and
to transfer them to Liberia and emancipate them,
and put each one of them in a fine house. But,
sir, the Senator has no right to take my money to
do it. He wishes here to take my money, and
to take the money of every other citizen in the
United States to accomplish this object. What
right has he to take the people's money, the money
of others, not his own, and devote it to that pur-
pose ? It would be perfectly legitimate if he would
give his own money; but you are notdoing that.
So for from that, you have to wring it from the
people by taxation—the people who are opposed
to the policy; and I venture to say that if a vote
were taken to-day, four fifths of all the people of
the United States are opposed to this policy.
They have spoken in the recent elections thun-
der-toned upon that subject. The people of Illi-
nois have decreed against it. President Lincoln,
in his own State of Illinois, has been repudiated
upon this very point. His Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Chase, has been repudiated in Ohio upon
this wry doctrine; another one of hisSecretancs,
Mr. Smith, was repudiated in Indiana. Mr. Sew-
ard, the premier, was repudiated in New Yoik;
and Mr. Stanton—God knows where he comes
from, whether Pennsylvania or Ohio—has been
repudiated there.
Mi. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
put another question >
Mr. POWELL. Let me answer this question
before you put another. I will answer every one
you put with great pleasure. I want to show you
that the people are against this negro policy. They
have repudiated your President and all his Cabinet
wherever thev have had elections. -
Mr. ©RIMES. Not in Iowa. .
Mr. POWELL. You have no Cabinet minister
from the State of Iowa. I have no doubt yosa
could send a great deal better men than any we
have in these Departments. I have no doubt yon
could bring forty bettor men from Iowa than ^6
have in this Cabinet. But in every State, so faras
I am advised, where you have a Cabinet minister,
upon these very questions, amongothers—not-the
sole issue, I giant you—your party has been over-
thrown; and why? Because the people have f.
deep sense of obligation to the Constitution of their
country. They were opposed to those who were
invading the rights of the States,overthrowing the
liberties of the people, and destroying the consti-
tutional rights of t he citizen; who desired to enter
sovereign States and deprive the people of their
property without warrant of law. The Adminis-
tration have been repudiated wheiever thequestion
has been tested. I believe they soon have elec-
tions in Connecticut, and I have no doubt Mr.
Welles will be repudiated there.
The Senator is most unfortunate in instancing
this case about persons giving away money. Sir,
you have no light to give this money. You are
exercising your charity upon the funds of other
people. That is a very cheap kind of charity. If
you get the money lawfully and constitutionally
from them, it would be a different thing^ but you
desire to take it in violation-of the Constitution of
your country; not as the free gift of those peopfe,
but you wish to wring it by the power of the law
from reluctant tax-payers. That is the way you
will have to get it, if you get it at all.
Now, sir, if the Senator from Wisconsin hcte
any fuither question to ask, I will hear him and
answer him.
Mr. IIOWE. I have no other question to put
that I know of; but t simply wish to suggest to
the Senator that his own reply to m y former ques-
tion acquits us entirely of any violation of the
Chicago platform. His whole argument now
turns upon the fact that we violate simply tire
Constitution; and upon that allow me to suggest
that neither his judgment nor nunc ij> final. That
is to bt; submitted to other tribunals.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware that neither the
Senator's judgment nor mine is final or infallible.
We are both poor worms in the dust, and I dare
say are at best but bundles of errors. I hope the
Senator would never presume that he was infalli-
ble. I know that 1 am not. We are but poor err-
ing mortals. You may take the wisest, the greatest,
and the best man that ever lived, and what is he?
Why, sir, he is but a bundle of etrors, save and
except his immortal soul,anatom of matter mov-
ing on in the great hurricane of life to utter nnnU
hilation and destruction. That is all,there is of
him. But, sir, the Senator says that I admit, be-
cause I say it is unconstitutional, that they have-
not violated the Chicago platform. The clause I
read in that platform declares that you have no
right or power to interfere with the domestic in-
stitutions of the States: and by this bill you do
interfere to the tune of #20,000,000 out of the pock-
ets of the peoplr
But, sii, apai t from its unconstitutionality, I
wish to discuss this bill «n other points. I wish
to ask Senators if it is common hones! y to do this
thing? I put that question m all candor and
seriousness to you. Is it common honesty to
pass a law to tax the people to the amount of
§20,000,000; to wring that sum from a reluctant
and unwilling people in violation of the Consti-
tution of the country for the purpose of paying
people for propa ty they do not wish to part from
—property over which the people of the State
aiorie have the exclusive control? Sir, 1 cannot
reconcile it to my notions of honesty to do it It
is nor right in any aspect of the case to force an
unwilling people to pay this large sum of money
out of their hard earnings for the purpose of pur*
chasing property from other people, not for pub-
j lie uses, but fui the purpose of turning it loose to
I become, as I have no doubt a large portion of these
j slaves will become, a charge upon the Treasury
! of the nation. You have votea down an araer<u-
