1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them honestly; it must observe all the constitu-
tutional guarantees of the people. That is the only
way in which you can attach a people to the Gov-
ernment. When you make the Government an
engine of oppression, of tyranny, of robbery, you
cannot expect brave freemen to love such a Gov-
ernment.
I telt you, Senators, so far from this being a
measure of peace, a measure of reconciliation, it
will be a measure which will result in hostility,
in irritation, and in unkindness to the Govern-
ment of the Union. It cannot be, it will not bo
otherwise. The other States of the Union inter-
ested in this institution will ask, how is it when
weare fighting to maintain the Constitution as it is
and to restore the Union as it was; when the men
in power have proclaimed that that was the object
of the war, that they are overthrowing the Con-
stitution of the United States, destroying the con-
stitutions of the States, and putting under foot all
their rights of property? Sir, you will not only
cause the people of Missouri to have hatred deep
and lasting towards you; but you will causc lib-
erty and Constitution-loving men in every State
in the Union to be seized with alarm and distrust.
If you can invade the soil of the State of Mis- ;
souri with this kind of unconstitutional legisla-
tion, what security lias Massachusetts that her
soil may not be invaded and her deaiest constitu-
tional rights stricken down? What security has
Kentucky ? What security has Indiana and Illi-
nois? None, sir, none. Whenever you overthiow
the Constitution of your country, whenever you
violate the rights of the people in one State, you
create a feeling of distrust and animosity against
the Government.
This measure, in my judgment, will be fraught
with the most disastrous results in every respect.
No good can come from it. All the fruit that will
be produced by the passage of this bill will be
bad. It will create in the minds of the people
throughout thiscountry a feeling of distrust, a fuel-
ing that they are not to be protected in any of their
constitutional rights, a feeling that they are not
to be protected by the laws of their country; and
that the Constitution and laws are to be over-
thrown, and with them the liberties of the people.
Senators have expressed a great deal of spite
and spleen, if i may be allowed to use those ex-
pressions, toward the Democratic party, because
of their recent triumphs in some of the States of
the Union. They speak about divisions in the
North. Those divisions do exist; and allow me
to tell you, if you go on with this kind ot legis-
lation, so far from healing these divisions, they
will be widened and deepened. The people every
where will rise up against a party that thus dis-
regards constitutional obligations and ruthlessly
violates the rights of lh% people and of the Slates.
We find, as the Senator from Illinois has told you,
that in your crusade on this negro question you
have put Illinois in a flame. Your military art: at-
tempting to run free negroes into that State against
the constitution and laws of the Suite. It is not
only the case in Illinois, but, within my knowledge,
they are doing it m the State of Indiana; foi I
have known many of these runaway negroes to
b.e carried to that State by the military. They are
bringing them, in violation of the constitution and
laws of Kentucky, into that State; and 1 do not
know what State they do not take them to, except
that of Massachusetts. I see Governor Andrew,
of that State, in reply to a letter fiom General
Dix about taking negroes there, declined to have
any. He is willing that negroes shall be taken
fiom their masters and sent into other States; but
the Massachusetts Governor is rather too shrewd
to want this description of population in Massa-
chusetts. He knows they are a worthless, vag-
abond people, and he does not want them thete.
He is willing to rob the slave master, as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would call him; but he
is not willing to receive that description of pop-
ulation into his State. I think if the Governor of
Massachusetts wants this thing done, in common
honesty he ought to take his share. I venture to
say that if every negro that is stolen or fteed by
the armies or other cause was thrown upon New
England and remained there, it would not be a
year before the Senator from Massachusetts [Mi.
Wilson] and his colleague would be here clamor-
ing to have them taken away at Government
charge, for they are the most worthless, vagabond
population on the face of the earth. Governor
Andrew knows something about the subject, 1
suppose. He does not want them in Massachu-
setts. In that Governor Andrew is sensible.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. To the last.
Mr. POWELL. Not to the last. He was sensi-
ble in refusing to take these negroes into the State.
When he wants a commission to arm the negroes,
with great deference to that Governor and to Mas-
sachusetts, I do not think he is sensible. He is
sensible when he does not want them in Massa-
chusetts;. not sensible or over honest when he
wants to take them from their masters.
Sir, if you expect to put down this rebellion by
force of arms, you are puisuing the very policy to
prevent it. Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber may think that myjudgment is worthless upon
this subject; but I tell you now, as I have often
heretofore told you, that your policy is ruinous.
I told you when you were passing the confisca-
tion bills, when you were passing the bill to eman-
cipate slaves in the District of Columbia, when-
ever you were agitating this negro question here,
that you were doing the very things that would
mass, consolidate, and unite the southern people.
That has been the result. You by your legisla-
tion, and the President by his proclamations, have
united them as one man. Though they were once
divided they are nowunited. You havenotonly
succeeded in massing the southern people and
uniting them as one man by your fanatieal and
unconstitutional legislation, but you have divided
the North. You have not regarded tin1 constitu-
tional lights of the northern people. You have
cloven down their rights as well as those of the
southern people. The people have now become
alarmed. They fear thattheirconstitutional rights
and their liberty will be overthrown; and well
they may entertain such fears in view of the fear-
ful usiu pattons of powei by the Piesident, and the
tame acquiescence and submission of Cougiess to
the illegal exercise of power by the Executive.
Mr. President, I will say a few words upon this
war power. I understand that some Senatois, at
h ast, claim the right to pass this bill under the
war power. What is the war power of the Pres-
ident or Congress? Y"u have power to declare
war, to raise armies and provide navies, to make
rules and regulations for the government of the
Army and Navy; and that is the extent of the
war power of Congress. The Piesident is Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy; but under
the genius of our Constitution he can exercise no
powers except those wlueh are conferred upon
him by the Constitution of his country; and when-
ever he transcends the poweis therein confened,
he becomes a usurpei. I hold that neither the
President of the United States nor this Congress,
under the war powei, con exercise any such power
as is claimed by this bill. In this country the civil
power is superior to the military; the military is
strictly subordinate to the civil power. That is a
provision, I believe, m the constitution of every
State in the Union. That is the whole theory of
the Government; and without it, instead of a con-
stitutional Confederacy, a Government of limited
powers, you would have a military despotism.
What is the power of the Commander-in-Chief?
It is to wield and to use the armies and navies that
Congress shall provide in time of war against the
enemy. The President, as Commander-in-Chief,
or his generals in the field, have no power to take
any private property from any citizen who is a
non-combatant, except by virtue of the law. I am
aware that under the military law, and the usage
of notions, if an army is in a country and cannot
get provisions, cannot buy them, it hasa right to
t<>kc them by paying an equivalent for them. It
must, however, pay full compensation; and that
is the only instance in which your armies can take
j any private property. It is only in cases of ne-
! ccssity of that kind, and then you must pay for
! it; but that has not been the way in which our
' armies have been conducted. Your soldiers have
| unlawfully seized and robbt d the people of mil-
\ lions of property, when the necessity did notex-
| ist whiih would authorize them, under the null-
:j tary law, to take it upon paying for it.
Under this assumed military power, this thing
' you call martial law, which is an indefinable
■I something, something entirely outside of and
'! above the Constitution, something that over-
throws the Constitution of your country, you
,j claim to exercise vast and mighty powers. Sir,
!j clothe the President with that power, and you
make him an absolute despot. Clothe the Pres-
ident with the power that is assumed'in the proc-
lamation to free these slaves, and the proclama-
tion declaring martial law in all the loyal States,
and what will be the result? You at orice sur-
render all the rights secured by the Constitution
and laws, and submit your dearest liberties to the
uncontrolled will of one man. You claim this
power for the President upon the theory lHat
he can do anything that, in his judgment, is cal-
culated to put down the rebellion or to weaken
the enemy. You leave it all to his discretion.
Whenever you leave things to the discretion of a
man, you are pursuing a dangerous policy, and
one which in the hands of a bad man will over-
throw the liberties of any people. The Preai-
dent'sdiscretion is to govern; and in thecxercise
of that discretion he has proclaimed the negroes
in certain States free. You allow that under this
thing called the war power. Suppose the President
should, in the exercise of his discretion, think it
was necessary, in ordertoputdown the rebellion
or to weaken the enemy, that all the horses of
New England should be turned out to grass, and
should no longer be used by their owners. You
admit he is the judge. Could he not do that as
well as he could emancipate the slaves? Cer-
tainly he could. Suppose he was to think that
it was absolutely necessary, to put down this re-
bellion, that the people of Illinois should no lon-
ger raise corn upon their rich prairies. If you
admit this doctrine of military necessity, he could
enforce it. Suppose he were to be of the opinion
that it was necessary, to put down the rebellion,
that all the men in this country should be with-
out wives, and by proclamation should decree that
all the men in the country should be divorced
from their wives. Why, sir, under this claim
that he has the right to do any and everything
that in his judgment will put down the rebellion,
he could divorce you all from your wives. That
is the logical result of your doctrine when car-
ried out. I put these extreme cases to show the
utter absurdity of the doctrine. It is a monstrous
proposition, such as no liberty-loving people on
earth should harbor for a moment. The Presi-
dent has no such power, ami whenever he exer-
cises it he overthrows the Constitution and. the
Jaws that lie has sworn to see faithfully executed.
Now, grant that the President has the power
that is claimed for him; you make his will the law.
Suppose that in the plenitude of the power which
you claim for him he should undertake to perpetu-
ate his own power. Suppose the President should
think that he could better suppress this rebellion
by turning us out of this Senate Chamber, or dis-
missing the gentlemen from the other end of the
Capitol. Suppose the President, in order to more
speedily put down this rebellion, should think it
necessary in his judgment to order the Supreme
Court that sits in this Capitol to cease it sittings.
Gentlemen, by the doctrine they advocate here,
empower him to do any of these things. He has
done many things quite as arbitrary. He has pre-
vented the process of the courts being executed;
he has assumed to suspend the writ of habeas cor-
pus; he has declared martial law throughout the
whole Union; he has declared that citizens not
connected with the Army and Navy shall be tried
by a military commission, when the Constitution
of your country says they shall be tried for of-
fenses they commit before the courts and by the
juries of the land; he has made wide strides toward
absolute power; and yet you, a cooidmate btaneh
of the Government, sit here and never once raise
yourvoices in condemnation of the exercise of such
vast and dangerous powers. Those of us who da
it are assailed with being in sympathy with the
rebellion. I often hear it said m ihis Senate Cham-
ber that those who do allude to these things say
nothing against the rebellion. 1 am in the habit
when I speak on one particular point to confine
my remarks to it; but i will assure Senators that
; they have not been more amazed than I have at
j their course.
| We have seen the President of the United States,
in violation of the Constitution, add largely to
[\ your regular Army and Navy; we have seen him
i suspend the wiit of habeas corpus; we have seen
him declare martial law throughout all the loyal
States of the Union; we have seen his decree an-
nouncing that citizens should be tried before these
military commissions; we have seen him strike
;! down the liberty of the press, the palladium of
