152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3?th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
The Present and Theories of the Future—Mr. Pike.
Ho. of Reps.
efforts in furtherance of the same object. South-
ern commercial conventions were repeatedly held,
and from time to time elections in the cotton States
turned upon Union or secession. In South Car-
olina the sjjpssionists were beaten by dividing
them into separatists and cooperationists, the first
branch being for declaring the State out of the
Union if it went alone, arid the other determined
to wait to carry the other slave States out witfi
her. Embassadors were sent to the other slave
States, inflammatory speeches made in Congress,
ahd sectionalism everywhere preached, and all the
arts of adroit political managers were directed to
one end—the separation of the States. Mr. Cal-
houn had found the tariff not sufficiently pow-
erful to force the Union asunder, and he bent his
efforts upon the negro.
We have mistaken these southern managers
heretofore, and deceived ourselves by not taking
them at their word. Wesuspected tliem ofendeav-
oring simply to outwit us. One of the maxims of
the wise Cardinal De Retz was that we get de-
ceived oftener by suspecting than by confiding.
We believed they threatened disunion only to
effect other purposes. We reckoned up the bene-
fits of the Union. We saw the South must lose
largely every way, both in her slave property and
her political interests by separation. Wc followed
Washington's Farewell Address, and reckoned
the advantage to all sections of a continuance of
theJVderalGrovernmentinitsentirety, and, basing
political action upon interests, concludod that the
South would not attempt to secede. The gentle-
man from .Ohio [Mr. Yallandigham] docs the
same thing to-day, and enumerates the influences
which will bring tile States together nf'ter a sep-
aration has been accomplished, forgetting that
these same influences-have been quite unequal to
prevent disunion. Contrary to our expectation
the southern politicians pushed their threats into
open war.
The brief sketch I have given has shown quite
conclusively that the Republican party had no
hand in originating this southern movement. It
was altogether anterior to its day, and the most
that can be said of it is that its existence was
seized upon as an additional reason for pushing
the Calhoun plan of separation.
When ono reviews the political campaign of
1860, can a doubt bo entertained that the southern
managers directed tho. whole of it for the purpose
of bringing about a division ? Did not Mr. Yan-
cpy avow that purpose at Charleston ? It is quite
plain that these same men who afterwards project-
ed the southern confederacy, prevented theDem-
ocintie party from coalescing either at Charleston
or Baltimore, for the express purpose of bringing
about the election of Mr. Lincoln, in order to
give thorn a better opportunity to prosecute their
soheniesof disunion. Mr. Douglas had no doubt
of it, and no intelligent man who attended the
convention had any doubt o( it. The part taken
by their representatives here we are all familiar
with. The compromise measures and (lie peace
congress played their part during the winter,
skillfully used for the purpose of strengthening
the managers with their constituencies. Senator
Yule, in January, wrote to his Florida corre-
spondent that the southern Senators would remain
until the 4th of March, or leave earlier, as would
best promote the interests of the confederacy.
And when the compromise measures came up in
the Senate—the measures which the.se managers
said they would be satisfied with—Governor John-
son, of Tennessee, says they would have passed,
but these very men dodged the vote, and thus
aided in defeating them. They were simply fol-
lowing out the plan of action indicated by Yulee.
Whatever their pretenses during the winter, it
is now apparent that the plan of disunion was
formed in the campaign of I860, and their whole
action here in the winter after, was but carrying
out the details of it to final execution.
Ol course, the Republican party was com-
plained of for not adopting propositionsapparently
made in good faith by gentlemen not in theseciets
of these men, and which it was supposed would
have sufficed to have stayed this effort for sepa-
ration. But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
landigiiam] has well answered their complaints.
He says truly, that they called for a denial of the .
principles underlying the organization then tri- !
umphant in the campaign just closed. The Re-
publican party would have been obliged not only
to apologize for its own existence, but to commit
felo de se^ and write its own epitaph, pronouncing
the folly and wrong of ever presuming to live.
In fact, during the winter, the Republicans, just
then coming into power, declared strenuously and
constantly in favor of the " Union as it was, and
the Constitution as it is." They resisted all change
until, in the very last days of the session, they
yielded to the great apprehension of their south-
ern friends, so far as to initiate a change in the
Constitution, providing that slavery should al-
ways remain under State control.
When the war was begun it was without pre-
tense on the part of anybody that the Adminis-
tration was at fault. The first gun was fired at the
Star of tho West nearly two months before Mr.
Lincoln was inaugurated. And when Congress
came together a resolution was adopted, July 22,
by a vote of 121 to 2, stating " that the present
deplorable civil war has been forced upon the
country by the disunionists of the southern States,
now in revolt against the constitutional Govern-
ment and in arms around the capital."
Thus Republicans, Democrats,and border State
men concurred in fixing the guilt of this war upon
the managers of the southern confederacy.
And now the Government has been engaged for
nearly two yeais struggling for existence—army
against army—and with the varying fortunes that
accompany all wars. And the question again
arises about arrangement and compromises. God
knows that if I could do anything to stay further
bloodshed and send our gallant soldiers home to
peaceful pursuits, I would gladly set about it at
onco. And with the light of the history I have
biiefly sketched, shining full upon our pathway
into the future, let us examine our present posi-
tion and its requirements. We deal now with
realities. War with nil its horrors isaboutus. It
is no time for a display of the arts of a politician.
For one 1 have no wish to deceive or be deceived.
I would act solely for the good of the Republic.
I have no pndeof personal opinion. Higher ob-
jects than mere personal gains should now fill our
minds.
It is barely possible to satisfy the South—per-
haps not at once, but after a little time has elapsed,
bearing with it the soothing influence of its pass-
ing hours. It is not by repealing your " liberty
laws"—what security have they that you will not
reen.vt them ? 11 is not by displacing your Re-
publican Governor or Congressman, for the fickle
public can easily change their opinion and restore
them to the places from which compromise has
ejected them; nor by allowing slaveholders to
navel in the North with protected human prop-
erty , or giving up ihe Territories to slavery, and
agreeing tosilence all fuitberdiscussion upon the
subject of their domestic institution. All these
can be agreed to by the men now in power, and
as readily disagreed to by a succeeding Congress.
The demand lies deeper than this. The south-
ern qtuurel is with the census, and the remedy
must be adequate to the evil they complain of.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Yallandigham]
sees this, and avows his readiness to yield to their
desires. He says the South wish for " protec-
tion from the domination of the absolute numeri-
cal majority." lie is right. Could they have
had this, they would never have seceded from the
Union. Mr. Calhoun's last speech indicated this
necessity on the part of the South. His remedy
was a dual Executive, each having a negative on
the other, one chosen from the North and the other
from the South; "a plan that," Mr. Benton well
says, " would not survive a single Congress, it
would be like a pair of horses harnessed so as to
head different ways."
This plan failing, what then ? There have never
been but two modes of government on earth. A
government of majorities—democracies; ora gov-
ernment of minorities—oligarchies, absolutisms,
monarchies. Our Government was founded upon
the bald idea of the "absolute numerical major-
ity"—« popular sovereignty, "which our Demo-
cratic orators in 1860 tried hard to persuade the
voters had its origin in this country in the agree-
ment for government made on board the May-
flower before her celebrated voyagers landed upon
the rocky shores of Plymouth. This mode of i
government the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Yal-
landigham] must give up, if his 14 restriction"
prevails. In place of the many-headed multitude,
with all their human sympathies and turbulence,
and it may be fickleness, he must have the "fa-
vored few whoare born booted and spurred, ready
to ride legitimately by the grace of God."
Can we afford to accede to this? Can we say
to the laborer at home, whose daily exertions have
been so severely taxed to furnish the means to
carry on this gigantic warfare, and whose future
is so heavily mortgaged, that it was necessary to
exclude him from his own Government in order
to adjust this controversy? Shall we say to the
soldier, as he returns home, discharged by our
compromise, war-worn and scarred in the service
of the Republic, it is necessary to prohibit you
hereafter from taking part in public affairs in or-
der to satisfy the enemies of your Government?
These men constitute that " absolute numerical
majority" from which the South insist upon be-
ing relieved; for when we talk of" restricting ma-
jorities" we all know what it means. The rich
and powerful are never" restricted." No instance
is there of that in history. The poor and feeble
are thrown out,and all along the pathway of Gov-
ernments instances are found of their exclusion
under this Ohio process of " restricting the abso-
lute numerical majority." Indeed, scarce any-
thing else was ever seen until the establishment
of this Republic.
This one thing can never be granted, neither
byNew England nor the middle States, nor,least
of all, by the multitudes that swarm the valley of
the Mississippi. Irr this important matter the
West has been the great sinner. The last decade
has shorn New England. Our members will come
to this House in diminished numbers hereafter.
Each ten years lessens our forces, while the "great
Wesi"grows greater year by year, and her States
double and triple their representation at the ex-
pense of the East. She certainly will not give up
the scepter which this theory of the "absolute
numerical majority" has placed in her hands.
And what then? We cannot yield this point.
We cannot satisfy the managers of tho southern
confederacy. Shall we therefore give up the Gov-
ernment? There are those who say we mustyield.
Some of the gentlemen on the other side have per-
sistently opposed this war from the beginning.
At the extra session in 18G1 there were a few who
opposed all measures looking to its prosecution.
One of them (Mr. Burnett) lias since joined tlve
councils of the confederacy, and we no longer hear
his sonorus voice denouncing the Administration
and the war. His associates remain, greatly en-
couraged by the successes the enemies of the Re-
public have from time to time achieved. They
pronounce the war a failure, and say it cannot be
prosecuted successfully, no matter who is in the
council or the field. There are others upon the
other side who say the war can be successfully
carried on without the aid of the negro. They
favored the policy first practiced by our Army in
Virginia, of making proclamation to the negro to
keep in subjection or the soldiery would force him
intoplace. They were so afraid the negroes would
help the Government that they proclaimed they
would "put down all insurrections with an iron
hand." Ifthey could only prevent the " negro"
from rendering any assistance they would be en-
tirely confident of success. And a third party,
who say that a rebellion which spreads over so
large a surface of country, and employs such im-
mense agencies and population, should be dealt
with by the entire power of the Government—all
classes and all colors should be pressed into the
service and made useful in the various depart-
ments.
tor myself, I have had little occasion since I
have been here to speak on the negro question.
I have supported the measures of the Administra-
tion cordially, although differing from it some-
what in its views of the best mode of providing a
revenue. Even the confiscation measures of last
session I was content to vote upon without advo-
cacy. I yielded rather to the judgment and opin-
ion of others than expressed my own by my sup-
port. I viewed them as war measures simply,
{ and, like other war measures, to give way to the
j adjustments of peace. A singlesentencecomprises
' about all I have said since I have been a member
