TH1 CONGRESSl'ONAL (xLOiBE.
February 7,
our liberties, as you were wont o say; we have j!
seen him abridge the freedom of speech; we have i
seen his military officers, his provost marshals, >
jgoing through the country depriving citizens by |
"hundreds of their liberties—taking them contrary
to the law, and even in violation of the constitu- 1
lion and laws of their States, from their homes, ;
confining them in distant prisons for long months, j
find then turning them out without any trial. I ■
know that Senators on the other side of the Cham- |
ber have said lately that any one of those prison- 1
ers who would take the oath of allegiance could '
released. Sir, if that is the case it has been |
so only within a very fesv days. They say, also,
that none are arrested without affidavit. Sir, if
that is the case, they hide their affidavits most :
admirably. I have tried time and again, and am '
now making efforts to ascertain the charges and :
causes of the arrest of some of my constituents i
who are at Johnson's Island, and 1 have never I
yet, and I have tried it in fifty cases, found out j
what were the charges against one of my constit- j
uents who had been arrested. Mr. President, I ,
am amazed that the Senate of the United States,
ft coordinate branch of the Government, should ,
sit here when all these things are going on, and j
not utter, even one woid of censure against the '
Executive who thus overthrows the Constitution ;
of your country and destroys the liberty of the
people; and the historian that will record these 1
things, I will venture to say, will express his
utter astonishment at it. j
The President was kind enough to tell us in his
annual message thatall of us made history. I date
say that is the case. That history will be writu n, ■
I know. He says the smallest of us, the most in-
significant—that is his idea; I do not pretend to
quote the words—will have to appear before the 1
bar of public opinion in times to come. I know,
sir, that my name will figure very insignificantly
in that history; but, as far as it is mentioned, I i
trust it will be mentioned as one who, however |
feeble might have been his advocacy of it, always I
Stood up for the Constitution of his country, was i
devoted to the constitutional Union of his fathers,
and stood firmly by the rights of the people.
Mr. RICE. Allow me to suggest that it will be j
the Sabbath within an hour.
Mr. POWELL. 1 shall not desecrate the holy '
'Sabbath. When the clock points to twelve I shall j
cease. I am a Christian m my faith, if not in my i
practice. ;
Mr. WALL, The President has issued a proc- i
lamation on that subject also, !
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to put to the gentle- j
man from Kentucky one question. lie observes
very frequently that he is strongly attached to the
Constitution of the United States, and avois that
it lias been repeatedly violated by the President of
the United States. The great burden of his re- '
marks, however, is his own deep, feivid attach- i
ment to the Constitution of the United States, an
instrument which he loses no opportunity on this ;
.floor to glorify, certainly very justly. But I desire ;
to ask him Una: how he can be opposed to the ;
prosecution of the present war for the suppression |
of this rebellion and be a friend at the same time j
of that Constitution; for I understand him to have j
avowed here on this floor that he is opposed to the ;
prosecution of this war. I wish him to reconcile
that little matter, which is to me somewhat incon- ,
sistent. !
Mr. POWELL. I dare say the honorable Sen- ,
ator from Michigan thiuks my position somewhat i
inconsistent. I do not; and it will afford me the '
greatest imaginable pleasure to answer the Sen- ;
ator's question. The question is, if I understand '
it, how I can consistently with my attachment and :
adherence to the Constitution oppose this war. ;
That is the substance of it, as I understand,
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. ;
Mr. POWELL. i answer the Senator most .
frankly, and 1 have very often answered that ques-
tion before in the Senate Chamber. Being: devot-
edly attached to the Constitution and the Union, I '
believed th.tt (his war was calculated to overthrow
and destroy the Union foiever, and hence I op-
posed the war. I thought it was a disunion ele- ,
ment that would utteily destroy it. j
Mr. HOWARD. Then I understand-—— !
Mr. POWELL. I am not through yet. Allow
fnt to dispose of one question before you put 1
another.
Mr. HOWARD. I have several behind. ]
Mr. POWELL. Very well, I will answer them
all with the greatest possible pleasure. I will
say to the Senator, because I desire to answer his
question in the most perfect candor, that I did not
believe that the party to which he belongs when
this war commenced intended to prosecute it with
the sole view of restoring the Union as it was,
with the Constitution as it is. I did not think
that that was the object. I thought then,as I now
think-*—in that, however, I may have been in er-
ror—that the object of the parly in power in pro-
secuting this war was to destroy the institution
of African slavery. I believed that, and I think
subsequent events have developed that I was right.
For that reason, I opposed the war. I did not be-
lieve that, if prosecuted at all, it should be prose-
cuted for any such purpose. If prosecuted at
all, 1 believed it should be conducted within the
Constitution; that the President, and Congress,
and the Army should exercise no powers except
those conferred by the Constitution, and it should
be prosecuted ajone for the purpose of restoring
the authority of the Government under the Con-
stitution as it is. I believed, sir, that if the party
in power carried out the object which I thought
they had in view, to destroy the institution of
slavery, they could not do it without destroying
the Union itself and overthrowing the Constitu-
tion. I believed the war could result in no good,
but in harm. I believed the effect of it would be
to dissever these States forever, and to load this
people with a debt that generations unborn would
not be able to pay. I believed that it would en-
tail on them heavy taxation. I believed that in-
calculable ills would flow from it. I believed that
our young men would be slam by hundreds of
thousand*. I believed that our people would be
demoiahzed; and 1 feared, as 1 now fear, that
both sections of the country would ultimately
lose the liberties that our fathers gave them. I
feared that the Constitution would be utterly over-
thrown.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator indulge me
in one other remark?
Mr. POWELL. I will let you ask another
cjU'.stion, though I have not got through answer-
ing the one already put.
iVI \ HOWARD. The Senator must he aware,
if he has any proper recollection of the history of
parties, that there never was even a popular res-
olution passed by a Republican meeting or con-
vention, or even by an abolition meeting or con-
vention, declaring it to be the purpose of any
portion of the people of the North to make war
; upon slavery. It has, as he knows quite well,
j been universally conceded bcfoie this war actu-
! ally came into existence, that the Congress had
J no power whatever to interfere with the existence
i of slavery in the Slates. Tie knows all this, if
! he known anything about the history of the last
three or four years. lie knows also that in this
war, neither the Congress of the United States nor
their Government were the aggressor. He knows
perfectly well, as well as any other individual
knows, that the North has in no sense been the
aggressor. We did not draw the sword. We did
not threaten to draw t!>e sword. The rebels first
drew the sword, and opened their guns upon our
peaceful fortresses. The rebels first-commenced
the business of pillage and pilfer and murder, and
for what purpose? Why, sir, to establish the in-
dependence of what is now called the confederate
government. The Senator knows all this quite
well. He knows that the rebels commenced the
war; they tired upon us. He knows that, and
rebellion actually broke out and was in existence
before we made any resistance to it.
I ask him then, sir, again, how he can reconcile
it to his conscience to stand here and say that he
is under no obligation as a Senator of the United
States to carry out and execute that provision of
the Constitution of the United States which he
affects so much to worship, which makes it the
duty of Congress, for the public tranquillity, and
for every other consideration, not only to repel
invasion, but to suppress insurrection ? Was not
this an insurrection ? Why will not the Senator
assist in suppressing the insurrection ? Is not that
a part of his legal and constitutional duty here,
implied in his oath, and by the very fact of his
sitting on this floor? And still he refuses, and has
persistently and uniformly refused to lend his aid,
as I believe, to any one measure calculated to
prosecute this war.
I wish to have a clear understanding with the '
opposite side of the Chamber on tit is most serious
subject. I hold it to be the duty of the Congress
of the United States to use all our means for the
purpose of suppressing this rebellion. I hold it
to be our duty under the Constitution. I hold
that that man, whoever he is and wherever he is,
who refuses at such a time as this to lenckhataid
which is required by the Constitution to suppress
this rebellion, is not, in the popular and strict
sense of the term, a loyal man. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order !
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the Senator
has made a speech instead of putting a question,
and the galleries applauded him for it. 1 under-
stand the character of the galleries: many who re-
sort to the galleries are the tools of power;
Mr. HARLAN, i inquire of the Senator from
Kentucky if he will give way for a motion to ad-
journ ?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir, not now. When I
get through my speech I will give way. I can-
not give way at any rate until I answer the speech
of the Senator from iMiehie;an; though, if the
Senate is really desirous toadjoum, after I answer
that question I will give way. However, I be-
lieve i will finish what I have to say.
The Senator from Michigan has made quite a
speech that he calls a question. Well, sir, I was
delighted to hear the Senator, for he always de-
live! s himself handsomely, whether I admire the
sentiment or not; but I can state to that honorable
Senator why it is that I have chosen here not to
advocate this war. I believed that the war would
destroy my country. I believed that the war
would tear these States asunder forever. I de-
sired them to remain one. 1 believed that the result
of this war would be the overthrow of the Con-
stitution. I believed that perhaps our liberties
would be lost and our form of government over-
thrown if it were carried on. Believing all these
things, loving my country, loving its Constitu-
tion, and being devoted to the Union, 1 could not,
as an honest man, advocate the war, and I have
opposed it. I tell the Senator that I dare say those
who have advocated power heretofore have
thoughtofall of those who resisted encroachments
as he does of me. I know the time was when
Burke and Chatham and others opposed the war
that Great Bi itain waged against our fathers—yes,
sir, in most eloquent stratus did they oppose itin
the Biitish Parliament. I suppose the Senator
would not regard them as loyal. The world has
decreed them pan iots, moral heroes, and our chil-
dren's children will honor their memories.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will again par-
don me 
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will let
me answer one question before he puts another.
Mr. HOWARD. I was merely going to cor-
rect the Senator's historical reference.
Mr. POWELL. When I get through this an-
swer, I will allow him to put another question. I
am fully aware, sir, that during our contest with
Mexico there were honorable gentlemen in this
body, and in the other, who opposed that war;
Senators and Representatives who voted against
men and money for that war. Were they dis-
loyal? 1 suppose they thought the war wrong.
Now, if this were a foreign war, my conduct would
be very diffeient. I would vote every dollar and
every man asked for, if my Government was en-
gaged in a foreign war, because then we should
be contending with an enemy from without. But
a domestic war, a civil war, I did believe and now
believe will result m no good, but incalculable evil,
will destioy forever the Union, tend to overthrow
the Constitution of my country, and I never have
supported it, 1 never will support it. 1 do notun-
derstand how Senators who sustain the President
in his various usurpations—to which I have al-
luded in this speech—can be regarded, in the strict
sense of the term, loyal men, or friends of consti-
tutional libe'rty.
Now, Mr. President, I hope the Senator is sat-
isfied with my position. I suppose he knew Has
well before as he does now. I did not think any-
body here could have doubted what my position
was. In what I have done, you must say at least
that I have been open, candid, manly about it. I
have not pretended one thing while i was doing
another. 1 havegiven to thesubjectall the thought
thatrny understandingwould permit. I htfVe made
