1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE 00.NGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
37th Cong....3d Sess.
The Present and Theories of the Future—Mr. Pike.
Ho. of Heps.
of this House upon this topic, which has occupied
so much of the time and feeling of gentlemen on
both sides, and I said it so distinctly that I am
glad to see it finds a lodgment in the memory of
the gentleman from Ohio, who has reproduced it
here two or three times already, i recommend
him to a frequent repetition of it in future. A
year since—aJmostexactly—I defined what must
necessarily be the policy of this Government in
this war. I said then it would be adopted sooner
or later by the executive or the legislative de-
partment or by the heads of our armies in the
field. It seemed to me that no intelligent man, who
had watched the struggle, and knew the parties
engaged in it, could doubt. There was only one
condition necessary to the fulfillment of the pre-
diction,and that was that the manageis of the con-
federacy should continue the contest. And have
not events marshaled themselves as 1 said they
would ? "Fight"—the necessity was upon us and
around us. God knows there has been an abund-
ant fulfillment of that branch of the piophecy.
"Tax" follows, of course, for that is to pay the
fighters. Had we taxed more freely, we should
not now suffer fiom great depreciation of currency
and enhanced prices. And "emancipation" has
been proclaimed not a whit too soon. It is the
only way to put a successful end to "fighting and
taxing.'"'
I speak not now as a humanitarian only, but
as one who would end these scenes of bloodshed
victoriously, and lestoie the authority of the
Union everywhere within its original limits. We
have measured our forces with those of the con-
federacy ; we have explored the rivers and swamps
and mountains of their vast country, and ascer-
tained the necessity of developing a sentiment
there of friendliness to this Government; and
we can find it chiefly, if not only, among ihe la-
boring classes, black and white. The wealthier
classes are almost invariably against us. All those
who would restrict the "absolute numerical ma-
jority "are to be found in the ranks of our ene-
mies. We must emancipate labor there, and place
it upon the same footing as in the northern States.
I said this with confidence a year ago, that it would
succeed. I say it now, with the addition that, in
my judgment, it is the only method of success.
That it may fail I know is possible; but 1 will not
believe it or proph'esy it. My hopes and beliefs
have been, and are now, in a complete triumph.
Should we fail, I can point to no saying of mine
foretelling the disaster, and thus half aiding in
bringing it about.
The idea upon which this plan of action is based
is simply that we cannot treat with the present
rebel hinders. They are linked with the revolu-
tion, and must shaie us fate. Davis and Toombs
and Mason know that under no circumstances
can they hereafter take part in tins Government.
They might come back in pursuance of treaty;
but if by any means they could, after agreeing to
terms of the " Union as it was," retain the con-
tiol of their States so as to be sent back here as
Senators, what position would they take? Could
44 president" Davis, of the " confederate States,"
as a Senator, ever again threaten secession, or
threaten anything? if not, beaten by numbers,
damaged in character, stripped of all prestige,
what influence could he evet hope to attain? We
may rely upon it that those men are now " fight-
ing for a funeral." We are in fur a conquest by
fotce of arms and counter-revolution, or we fail.
In order to bring about this counter-revolution
•we must " emancipate." It is a logical necessity
of our effort.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallanpig-
ham,] I know, don't hke my motto. He says it
is a "trinity of damnation." It is certainly
"damnation" to his projects for the future. He
is consistent in his opposition to it. It antago-
nizes Ins course in every feature. But I do not
for that reason abandon it. Were I to make any
change, it would be to take that of the Senator
from Kentuckyj [Mi. Davis,] and apply it every-
wlieie, to men of ail colors, " pay, fight, or emi-
grate."
I know it is s<iid that there is another way of
compassing our object of testormg the Union to
its piihtme supremacy. There are those who
d(c!aie themselves Union men, and favor peace.
They say if wo will consent to an armistice, will
withdraw our armies, yield the possession of the
southern rivers and fortresses, open the southern
ports—in a word, give up entirely our present ef-
fort to spread the Government authority over the
southern States, that we can have reunion. We
are asked to rely upon the telegraph, the railroad,
the running water, the common language, and the
common religion. Ah, sir, all these bonds of
union have been described again and again in more
eloquent language than that of the gentleman from
Ohio. Washington set forth such as existed in
his day, and since that time genius has added
many inventions that should act as cables to bind
together the different portions of this Government.
But all these inventions—like all inventions—are
in the interest of labor. They all tend to enlighten
the masses of the population. This education,
never more widely and generally diffused than
now, enforces the adoption of the "majority"
mode of government. It positively forbids a re-
striction of the "absolute numerical majority."
And as the inexorable demand of the southern
managers for the last thirty years has been inva-
riably for "restriction," making it a condition of
longer continuance in the Union, all these inven-
tions hut tend to refider the breach between the
Government and these men still wider and moie
difficult to span.
If force be disunion, peace is certainly so. We
made a mistake in not listening to the southern
managers in December and January of the winter
of secession. Had the Government then given
them full ciedit, it could have taken measures to
obstruct their plans. Do not blunder again. List-
en to them now. They speak through theirgov-
ernment, their congress, their newspapers. They
toll these very men, in Congiess and out, who
misrepresent them, that the day of union is past.
Davis says that they would as soon be yoked to
hyenas; congress and the press echo the state-
ment—language of passion, no doubt; but surely, if
these men, hearing the argument for the Union all
their lives, deliberately disregarded it and plunged
the nation into the fieioest war of history, these
expressions betoken no change of opinion, and
give no earnest of a purpose, even in the distant
future, to yield to influences they havo hitherto
despised.
A declaration of peace confirms the power of
these men of the revolution. Davis still has five
years of his presidency left. The leading men of
the South are in the congress, or connected with
the confederate or State governments, the army,
and the press. A separation arid withdrawal of
our armies confirms their power. With what force
could anybody of this generation oppose these
men on the basis of leunion? Troubles and dif-
ficulties no doubt would surround them, but they
are not such as to lead to an a hand on men t of Gov-
ernment itself. 1 should rather look to another
outbreak, after a short and uneasy peace, and bor-
der wais would for a long time mark the line of
sepaiation between the two Governments.
Sir, 1 am not insensible to the dangers that will
surround us, whatever course may be taken, and
I cannot but regret that gentlemen on the other
' side at this day indulge in speculation as to the
[ future of this countiy after s<paration shall have
been achieved. They give us confused counsel.
They say the war cannot be carried on success-
fully : that we must have a cessation of hostilities;
that this cessation is lecogmtion of the confeder-
acy; but that the day sepaiation is rendered per-
manent, that day divides the East and West. I
protest against such a process of events. It di-
vides the North and South temporarily. It makes
i; the temporaiy division a permanent one, if the
South chooses, "for there is to he no moie coei-
i, cion," and says to the South, as an inducement
|i to make the division permanent, do so and the
Ij West will join you. " But," says the western
leader, [Mr. Vallandigham:]
| i (i Bur wherever wo iro, innmed to the South or thoE;\<t,
'! wo buns with lis. thiee iourths of the territouc- ol that v.i'Ipv
!j to the Ito< k> mountain-, and it may be to the Pacific—the
[j grandest ami most magnificent dowry that bride ever had
' I to bestow 55
• ' So, with all due respect to the gentlemen of the
;i West who make these calculations of drawing
! i di viding lines from Manhattan to Canada, or from
!; the upper waters of the Potomac to the lakes, I
I; say to them they do not appreciate their position.
With characteristic Modesty they underrate their
strength. We of the East look upon the West
as no feeble maiden, with rich dowry, to be wooed
and seized by some Jar! Egill of the future. We
rather picture it as the fierce Northman himself
wooing the nation, and say:
"He comes th**n, as JarJ should,
Swoul belted to side,
To win thee and wear thee
With gloiy and pitde.
So sternly Jnii Egili wooed and smote his long brand."
We believe in the 44 domination of the absolute
numerical majoiity." The idea is woven into
every branch of our system. It permeates all the
intricate ramifications rof State, county, town, and
school district government in New England
Abolish them all to-day, and to-morrow they
would every one be reestablished upon the same
basis, without a dissenting voice m either of the
six States. Practically, we know no other mode
ofgovernment. The West believes in it, too. She
borrowed it of us when she took from us a large
fraction of her population. Nor does it shakeour
principles when we look at the census and see our
diminishing power. The West explores the cen-
sus tables to find her influence swelling with im-
mense rapidity and fast becoming irresistible.
The northwestern free States to-day have eight
millions. The upper valley of the Mississippi
counts almost as many people as all the other
loyal States nut together. Shall they abandon the
empire which the increase of a single decade gives
to them for the purpose of " marrying" a south-
ern tyrant, who already treats their unmaiden-
hke advances with sneers and contempt—a lover
that says, in the delicate language of the Rich-
mond Enquirer, that they may tolerate this North-
west, may be on terms of familiarity, " but they
shall be obliged to turn aside their faces and hold
their noses" whenever they have intercourse with
her? Sir, what statesmanship is that which thus
throws away an empire? The exclusion of the
JVIoors from Spain, or the industrious Huguenots
from France, was wisdom in comparison.
But, if possible, the folly would be still greater
of drawing the dividing line along the western
border of New England. You of the West and
the middle States number six or seven to our one.
Wc are content to be governed by numbers. Can
it bo that the statesmen controlling the seventeen
or eighteen millions will exclude the three million
men of wealth and learning, of industrious citi-
zens, farmers, and seamen, who make up the pop-
ulation of New England? What excuse will these
bi ilhant statesmen—who boast themselves the
Cavaliers of America—give to the world and to his-
tory for thusabandoning the control of these east-
ern States? The historian who examines the sta-
tistics of the era will learn that these "Puritans"
produced annually some four hundred and fifty-
millions of values, nearly double the annual pro-
duction of the vast multitudes who inhabit the val-
ley of the Mississippi; that, numbering but three
million, they had machinery that did the work of
one hundred and fifty million laboring men, and
were annually paying some forty million dollars
into the national Treasury; that they were will-
ing to labor for the nation in their shops and fac-
tories, and carry the bulky products of the fertile
West to market in their ships; they asked no more
of Government than to be as one to seven, con-
tent to throw their one vote when others threw
seven, and to give with it such suggestions for the
common good as they pleased to make. Alexan-
der, Charlemagne, or Napoleon, would have gone
to war to acquire such a tenitory and such a peo-
ple. Why do the coppei head " Cavaliers" wish
to give it up ? Why yield its revenues, which are
to be disposed of as an " unrestricted majority"
may determine? Can it be that six or seven gal-
lant " gentlemen "are afraid of a single " Round-
head?" Are they willing to send it down to that
"great hereafter," whose judgment they court,
that they fear being overmatched by these few
Yankees, and for that reason voluntarily yield the
contiol of iherichestStatL'Softhiseuipue? Would
they place such a reason upon lecoid? It would
be an exhibition of folly and cowaidicc, meaner
than any of the vices attributed to the Puritans.
They, at least, were men nf pluck. The great
abdication of history has left us m doubt whether
the ejnperor who made it was insane or only
