806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 7, 18C3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rpv. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of the House (No.
617) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1863.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of this
. House of the following titles, severally without
amendment:
An act (No. 720) to make the State of Wiscon-
sin a part of the ninth judicial district; and
An act (No. 625) to authorize the Court of
Claims of the United States to hear and determine
the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston, de-
ceased .
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion and bill of the following titles, in which he
wan directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (No. 126) expelling George E.
Badger from the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, and appointing Louts Agassiz
in his place; and
An act (No. 479) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of George Mayo, deceased.
CONDITION OF MHXICO.
The SPEAKER hud before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United States*,
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
December 5, 18G2, asking information upon the
present condition of Mexico, transmitting a le-
port of the Secretary of State, with accompany-
ing papers; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC IjAND SUKVEYS,
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In'eiior,
recommending an appropriation in addition to
that estimated for in his annual ieport,for the
survey of the public lands in Kansas and else-
where; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN GOODS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior
asking an appropriation to supply certain goods
lost by the sinking of a steamer while carrying
them to the Yancton-Sioux Indians of Dakota
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means', and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THIS SBNATIS.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Hickey,
one of their Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill of the House (No. G58)
to piumote the efficiency of the commissary de-
partment, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
STAMP DUTY.
Mr.GURLEY. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution:
Wheren-., by tiie rojis«t ruction of the internal revenue law
thte widows and orphans wIio&r husbands and fathers have
been killed hi battle mu*t place a one dollar stamp upon
the papei* f<>i warded to tin; Anditoi's Oflicc, to socurc the
pay to which they .tr^ entitled : Thorelbre,
Resolved, That the Committee oi' Ways and Means be
Instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the hiw as to entirely relieve them iiom buch stamp tax.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to say a word
in reference to that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business, and that I understand to bean
objection to everything else.
SHIP CANALS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
oider was the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 718) to constructa ship canal for the
pastf&ge of armed and navai vessels from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Michigan, and for the en-
largement of the locks of the Erie canal and the
O-wego canal of New York, to adapt them to the
defense of the northern lakes, upon which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] was en-
titled t& the floor.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. J move that there be
a call of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a sugges-
tion which will dispense with the necessity for a
call of the House. General Cradlebaugh, the
Delegate from Nevada Territory, is now in the
House. He proposes to leave very soon, and is
very anxious to make a speech. I therefore move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It was the understand-
ing of the House that we should go on and finish
this bill to-day and have a vote upon it. I trust
that understanding will be carried out.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want it understood that
there was no such understanding on this side of
thp House.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I withdraw my resolu-
tion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would like to
make a suggestion to the House. The friends of
this measure are anxious to complete itand take a
vote upon it; and I now suggest that if the oppo-
nents of the bill have been fully heard^and the
House is so inclined, we shall now take a vote.
And I now propose that we shall take a vote
without further debate upon this measure, and
then there will be abundant time for the gentle-
man from Nevada to make his speech.
Mr. JOHNSON. As soon as we have a full
House we can take that matter into consideration.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. This measure was
before the House at the last session of Congress,
it has been before the House, in some shape or
other, thus far during the present session; but I
believe it is a matter of history that until yester-
day no member of the House has been heard in
opposition to the measure. The friends of the
measure have had full and undisputed sway, not
only in this House, but in the press of the coun-
try; and I submit that it is hardly just to those
who, for any reason, have seen fit to place them-
selves in opposition, or in quasi opposition to the
measure, that the vote shall be taken upon its
passage at this time. I desire, myself, to be heard
blirfly upon ir.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The motion is pending that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Iam aware of that; but
I suppose I have the right to have the motion on
the previous question entertained. The gentle-
man from Indiana seems to have yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. .The time of the gentleman
has expned; but while he was on the floor he
moved to go into committee, and the question is
now upon that motion.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 60; as follows:
VEAri—Messrs. William Allen, Alle), Ancona, P.aily,
Riddle, Bingham, Blake, William G. Blown, Calvert,
Element*. Uo-coe Conklinjr, Ciaven*, Crisfield. Cntlei.
Thomas A. I), ressenden, Fisher, Hall, Ilati 'aon, Hick-
man, llulman, Johnson, Keiiey, McKnight, McPherson,
M.iilory, Maynmd, Mcn/.ies, Mooihead, Noiton, Pattou,
Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Shanks, Shellab.njjet, Pianola
Thomas, Trimble,VallandiKham, Vooriiees, Wallace, Chil-
ton A. White, VVicklifle, Woieester, and Ycaman—-43.
XAYS-Me^t-b. Aiiltich, William J All* n, Arnold, Ba-
k^r, Baxfr,Beaman, B ufftn ton.Chamberlain,Clark, Fied-
enek A. Conkllnsr, Conwa\, Dawca, Edgertuii, Eliot, lily,
Fenton, Samuel (J. Fes.«>eiid«;'i,Ftanchot,Giftnger, Guiley,
Haifjht, fforton, IJi'iclim.-, Julian, Francis \V. Keiloga,
Wiliiam Kdlogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovujoy, Justin 8.
Morrill, Noel!, Olin, Pike, potter, Pricc, Alexander II.
Uice. John IJ. Rict*, Uiddle, Robinson, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Sargent, rfegar, Sheffield, Sherman, Smith, S paulding,
Steven-s Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vcnee, Walker,
Wall, Walton, Washbnrne, Wheeler, Albert S. Wlutc,
Wilt-on. Windorn, and Woodiuft"—60.
So the House refused to go into thp Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
During1 the call of the roll,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that he had paired
with Mr. MoIndoe upon this bill.
Mr-. McPHERSON stated that Mr. McKeax
had paired with Mr. Nixon.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I understand the
canol bill is now under consideration.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. I rise toa matter of per*
sonal privilege; a matter between myself and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 cannot yield if
it is to come out of my time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I trust the gentleman
will waive his request for a few moments until
this matter lias been disposed of; there will then,
1 presume, be no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. it is a matter of present
necessity with me. I hope the gentleman will yield
to me at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I must object to my
colleague yielding the floor unless he yields alto-
gether.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will yield to him all day,
then.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I cannot yield,
then.
The SPEAKER. Thcgcntleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The question be-
fore the House has been discussed, members have
considered it, and I doubt very much whether the
discussion of a week further would change one
vote. 1 do not myself desne to inflict a speech
upon the House; 1 prefer to take the vote upon the
bill at this time, and I have thought proper, there-
fore, to say to the House, that ifit be their pleas-
ure to come to a vote at tins time I would be glad
to have them so express it.. If, on the contrary,
that is not their desire I shall feel it a duty to
make some suggestions relative to the general sub-
ject.
* Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the House is
ready to come to a vo^p upon the subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is my purpose
to speak a few woids on this bill.
Mr. W ADS WORTH. I also want to be heard,
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a suggestion. I want to
say a few words on this bill. 1 do not think i will
occupy much more than ten minutes. Other gen-
tlemen want to be heard. I suggest that it be
understood the vote be taken on this bill at three
o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If that be the under-
standing, I suggest to my colleague, m order that
all those who desire to, may be heard on tins ques-
tion, that the speeches be limited to a less time
than one hour each, allotted by the rules. I tlunk
that that will be fair.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suggest that the
vote be taken on Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I will agree that speeches
shall be limited to half an hour each.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let the understand-
ing be that the vote shall be taken on this bill on
Monday next at one o'clock, so that to-day shall
be devoted to debate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to that.
I want to vote on this subject to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let me state to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that Monday is the only day
when the House will be called for resolutions and
bills; and if that hour of one o'clock on Monday
be fixed members would be deprived of the prir-
ilege which they would otheiwise have.
jj Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It will take but
L twenty minutes to vote on the bill on Monday.
j| Mr. DAWES. I will ask the House to con-
sider an election case on Monday next.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I object to
any understanding.
Air. KELLOGG*, of Illinois. I, for one, am
willing that the vote shall be taken to-day at three
o'clock, and that the debate shall be limited to
half an hour each.
Mr. CRAVENS. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have no ob-
jection to limiting speeches to half an hour each;
but we object to any understanding about taking
the vote.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, addressed the
House for an hour. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, hav-
ing performed the task of reducing to writing the
views of the Naval Committee on this subject, it
was my intention to content myself with a sim-
ple vote against the measure; and I should not now
rise bat for the extraordinary reference made to
the report of the committee by my colleague from
the Troy district. I do so rather in deference to
