166
APPENDIX TO 1THE .CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
37tii Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Van Horn.
Ho. of Reps.
portaiion as we can with such a canal, and busi-
ness will seek-the channels of trade that make it
for its interest to do so. Without a communica-
tion upon the American side, trade will employ
the facilities offered upon the other side, and the
New Yotk canals will feel no benefit from such
trade until it reaches a point further below. Com-
mercially speaking, therefore, we seek to retain
to ourselves what Canada is taking and will suiely
take in the future. A great proportion of the busi-
ness of the YVclland canal is American, and the
ratio of increase is largely in our favor, and will
continue to grow more so as additional facilities
are offered to the enterpiise of our citizens and
business men.
If it be argued that an American canal, if con-
structed, would draw a laiger proportion of
American trade than the Welland canal has, or
will when sufficiently capacious, without a com-
munication on the Ametican side, it may be said
in reply, that the rules thatgovern trade and com-
mercial transactions vviii justify no such conclu-
sion for a lime of peace. In a time of war the
whole face of the proposition would be changcd,
and every consideration of defense, commercial
necessity, and national honor, all appeal loudly
in favor of the proposed woik. I repeat, it is
simply a question who .shall have all these bene-
fits that flow from the enterprise, industry, and
skill connected with our trade and commerce,
whicharepouringtheirstieams of wealth from the
"West, now but partially developed, into our east-
ern markets. Through whose channels shall they
po^jj? W hose treasury shall they enrich and fill as
they pass? Whose industiyand enterprise shall
they encourage and lift up to a higher condition ?
Shall all this go to swell ^he. tide of foreign pros-
perity and wealth, or shall it be turned in upon
ourselves, into channels of our own, to develop
our own industry, increase our own wealth, and
enhance our own national prospeiiiy and honor?
Every Ann-man citizen can easily answer this
question, and will see at a glance the importance
of this work and us impel iouk necessity.
All the avenues open to trade thiough the State
of New YtJik, now so prospt rous, and offering
such facilities, and all that enteiprise and wealth
can furnish, will in time be taxed to their utmost
capacity#and extent. Theie is no danger of one
drawing from the other to its serious injury, for
the vast extent of country tributai y to these great
thoroughfares has not yet become fully settled and
developed, and its lesouices are but partially seen
in the trade it now furnishes. Much of this vast
empire is yet comparatively unknown, but in its
deep bosom lie the richest treasures, waiting for
the hand of industry and skill to bring them forth
and place them in the channels of ttade that ere
flowing on in their perpetual course towards our
eastern shores. Who would limit these facilities
to our coinmeice ? Who would pause and doubt as
to the utility of such magnificent national woiks,
which are calculated to stai t our energies out into
a new vigor and life, and add a new luster to our
national name? lie who now looks into the fu-
ture far enough to see its necessities and demands,
and with a patriot's, zeal and hue wisdom makes
haste to provide for such necessities, serves well
his genemtton, and performs his duty to those
who are to share in the woiks of his hands and
wisdom.
 Snch works as we are urging develop and bind
together oui people, by uniting their interests in
commercial relations, and give the most indubi-
table evidence of a sound nationality. No locality
can claim such nnpi ovemeius or monopolize their
benefits; they are common to all the country di-
needy oi indirectly tributary to them, and by a
community of interest and a common responsibil-
ity and destiny, every section and all portions of
ourcountry share the common blessings that from
them flow. This woi k is designed to be, and will
be, a national work, a public highway for the
widest scope to the commerce of all our people—
ample in its capacity and open to all. The bill
befoi e us proposes to make it free to the commerce
of our whole country, after it shall have, by suf-
ficient tolls, paid the cost of its constiuction and
the interest accruing, save what trifling restriction
may he necessary to keep it in repair and pay the
currentexpens^s. Such a work, so regulated,so
magnificent in its proportions, and so beneficial
in its results, the last connecting link between the
five inland seas upon our borders, who can doubt
as to the propriety of its construction or as to its
utility?
The West, above all other sections, is most in-
terested in this improvement. Every new open-
ing to the market it must reach, or every addi-
tional facility given to trade upon those already
created adds to its wealth by cheapening the cost
of getting to that market. With an eye to its in-
terests, it hasheietofoie, with singular unanimity,
asked Congress to aid in the construction of this
work. Upon the files of this House ai e joint reso-
lutions from the States of New York, Ohio, Mich-
igan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin; also reso-
lutions of boards of trade in nearly all our western
cities, besides petitions without number from all
sections of the country interested in this grand en-
terprise, all asking Congress to aid in its construc-
tion. Such influence repiesents the talent, busi-
ness interests, and enterprise of our western and
northern sections, and is entitled to the very high-
est consderation.
Again, the Secretary of the Treasury under Jef-
ferson, in obedience to an order from the Senate,
made an able and an elaborate report in favor of
this and other kindred works, and three Execu-
tives in succession called attention to its import-
ance. Surveys have been ordered and made, and
the reports and estimates are all on file, going to
show clearly the feasibility and utility of the pro-
posed woi k.
1 repeat that it is a gratifying as well as a re-
maikable fact, that in every instance where a sur-
vey has been made or the case examined by en-
gineers or congressional committees, the utility
and absolute necessity of this work have been
acknowledged without a question.
The hi!) under discussion proposes to con-
flict a canal of sufficient capacity to admit ves-
sels of the laigest size that navigate our lakes—
the route to be located by commissioners, all of
whose action is to be subject to the approval of the
Ptesident oi the Secretaty of War, according to
the natnie of the work performed. The length of
said canai will depend upon the route located, and
the expense of Us construction upon the same cir-
cumstance. Upon the longest route proposed it
will be vi ry short, and its cost not exceeding
$8,000,000 if constructed upon the largest scale.
Captain Williams's highest estimate is but about
fve millions; hut for a larger work than he de-
signed to construct, to meet the constantly increas-
ing demands of commerce, we neaily double the
estimate, which h a large allowance, and will not
probably leach «uch amount. Compared to the
benefits to flow fiom such an improvement the
expenditure a«*ked is but a trifle. Its benefits, in
a time of peace, would be incalculable, but in a
time of war it would be an absolute military neces-
sity, as before shown. Every consideration of na-
tionality, public defense, and commercial pros-
perity, demands prompt and vigorous action, as
well as fully justifies it. All sections of the coun-
try, west especially, are largely interested in this
pioject. Eveiy avenue opened for tiade increases
its facilities to get to market, and to the same ex-
tent lessens the cost of Uanaportation. The im-
mediate result is to add to the interests of both the
pioducer and the consumer, and in this light we
see the interest of both the East and the WesLin
the consti notion of this work. The vast produce-
giowing regions of the West are as yet scarcely
occupied by enterprise and industry. What the
futuie will demonstrate is beyond the wildest
fancy's sketch of to-day, but it will be commen-
sui ate with the progress of improvement and civil-
ization, and the legitimate results of the astonish-
ing ad vance that mai ks the progress of our people.
I am fully aware that the energies of the nation
are now taxed to an alarming extent, and feel the
delicacy of my position in asking action upon this
measure at the present time. But such works
unite and enrich rather than divide and impover-
ish. They make a common interest to protect and
maintain, and while they draw upon the faith and
credit of the Goveijpmem in their construction,
in their completion they elevate lather than de-
press that credit. A libera! and wise statesman-
ship will provid" all the means and facilities pos-
sible to commerce, thereby lessening the cost of
trans-poitation, and benefiting and lifting up the
industryandenterpriseofthecountry. Thestrain
and tax upon the energies of our people to main-
tain arid carry on this war is no sufficient argu-
ment against the action proposed.
In this connection, 1 beg to submit the substance
of the remarks I had the honor to present.at the
conclusion of the report now upon the files of
membeis upon this subject. We carry on the
greatest struggle the woild ever saw within our
own resources, and ai the same time our credit is
fair. Our resources are immense, and although
largely exhibited, yet not fully known in ail their
vast extent; our patriotism is unfailing, and the
confidence of our people in the justness of our
cause is beyond a doubt. When this war shall
close, and the authority of the Government is re-
stored, its honor vindicated, and its power re-
spected, our national prosperity will be unlimited,
so to speak, and our people, rising into a higher
lift, will rejoice in a more complete success than
ever before. As our energies are tried, and we
learn our strength and power, we are prepared to
make effort commensurate with that knowledge.
The effoits put forth in the construction of these
great works of national concern will, themselves,
strengthen and unite our people, and make our
Union more worthy of our love and protection.
Every road and every canal the Government aids
or constructs, binds our Union together and tends
to enrich by developing our resources, and bring-
ing out the wealth that lies hidden in the industry
and enterprise of our people.
This workbeingeminently national and of such
vast utility to our people, we owe it to them, es-
pecially of the North and West and Southwest,
hugely interested in commercial business upon
our greatchain of lakes and rivers, that every fa-
cility for protection be furnished to enable them
to carry on successfully and safely their business.
We owe it to ourselves as a nation not to be com-
pelled to make use of foreign enterprise, foreign
skill, and foieign public woiks, when we have all
the enterprise, skill, and resouices within our-
sflvcsto provide better facilities than thus em-
ployed, while by so doing we would be develop-
ing our own resources, and benefiting the labor
and industry of our own people. The course pur-
sued by our Canadian neighbors during the un-
fortunate civil war in which we are now engaged,
if no other reason existed, should be enough to
influence us to action m this direction. Never have
a people so utteily faded to be governed by good
considerations as they have. Oui legislation, con-
duct, and actions towards them as a people have
all been calculated to bring them undei the great-
est obligations to us, and cause them to treat us
as friends and not as enemies. When will Amer-
icans forget the insults and outrages they tiied to
heap upon us, and their efforts to bring us and our
cause into contempt? Never, so long as we have
any regard for our honor as a people. Our brave
and loyal citizens engaged in service upon our
lakes ought not,any longer than it will take to con-
struct our own ship canal, be compelled to use
theirs in the prosecution of their legitimate busi-
ness, and Congiess and the Government ought to
give their eaily and earnest attention to the con-
struction of the work that is now proposed.
As before stated, this woik is to be a national
one entiidy. We propose no benefits to a State
or a company. It is for national purposes and
national benefit. That it will soon pay for itself
theie is no question. The history of the Welland
canai clearly establishes this fact, and the immense
increase of the business of the future makes it
doubly suie. Again, it is to lemam free to the
trade and the commerce of the whole country,and
all the people forever, save such restrictions as its
own safety and protection will impose. Whata
grand, magnificent highway of commerce, where
the largest vessels that traverse our inland waters
can pass front lake to lake with speed and safety 1
it would stand as a monument to the intelligence,
patriotism, and energy of the men who nobly came
up to and met the struggles of the piesent day
amid the darkest storms and greatest obstacles.
It would be an honor to the%ge which witnesses
its execution, and a blessing to our whole people.
It would form an unbroken connection between
all oui lakes, the la«t link in the chain: it would
bind them together, and consummate what has
been so long desired and so much needed.
