1883.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i'&f
37th Cong....3d Sbss.
Colony for Florida—Mr. Teaman.
Ho. of Reps.
I close these remarks by using the language of
the very eminent surveyor and engineer (Captain
"Williams) sent out by the Government in 1835
to survey a route for the construction of this work,
and which will be found in his masterly report
upon the subject. If such words were forcible
and true in view of the facts and condition of things
as they then existed, how much more so are they
now in our present advanced condition ! He says:
" Indeed, it cannot fail to excite astonishment, when the
reflection is once led to the subject, that up to this epoch
of :ui age resplendent with impiovements in all that relates
to the meJioiatioi) of comniocti and the advancement of
civilization, this work upon our own soil, and on a scale
commensurate with its importance, should still icmain to
be executed. It needs, not the aid of demonstration to prove
it^ utility. Tt is one of those object® that strike us with in-
stinctive conviction, and we are intuitively impelled to the
belief of us comprehensive usefulness, even if abstraction
be made of everything but the gencial position, that it
would connect two bodies of water leading to the tno*t re-
mote regions, and capable of bearing upon their deep and
expansive bosoms the navies of the wmld, in five seas
which are yet essentially separated, by reference to the
scale of commercial entei prise that legitimately belongs to
such a vast extent of geographical limit."
**********
If I have shown more interest in the question than is
usually looked for at the hands of the engineer, it that
I have felt tfie strongest conviction of the grandeur, even
sublimity of the enterprise, combined with its general use-
fulness to the countiy, and the facility of its execution."
COLONY FOB. FLORIDA,
SPEECH OF RON. G. II. YEAMAN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On the proposition to raise iwenty thousand volunteers to
serve in the State of Flouda.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
depart from the routine of partisan discussion, so
long indulged in this evening, to make some com-
ments upon the scheme foi oven uniting Florida.
The resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and reported back from the
Committee on Military Affairs with the recom-
mendation that it pass, provides, not for laising,
but for accepting the services, of twenty thousand
volunteers, to sei ve, not for three yeots or duiing
the war, but for nine months; to go and to serve,
not wherever the varying exigencies of war may
call them, but to the one State of Florida, and, at
the expiration of their tot m, to be dischmged, not
where they weie musteied in, or at a point con-
venient to their former homes, but there in the
State of Florida. Without other means of foi in-
ing an opinion, the language of the resolution
would indicate that the scheme is an unusual one.
The object and the spirit of the thing aie made
more certain by the unconcealed fact that the vol-
unteers are to be mostly, if not entirely, foreign-
ers and negroes, and are to be under the auspices,
if not the control, of a foreigner, a stranger to our
institutions, who seems to be impressed witii the
idea that the only road to usefulness, to fame, and
to fortune now left open to him in all the wide
world is the founding a colony under difficulties.
At a former day of this session I deemed it my
duty to submit to this House a minority report,
as a member of the committee having charge of
the resolution under order of the House, and pro-
pose to incorporate that report into my printed
remarks:
The undersigned has been unable to concur with the
mojonty ot the Committee on .Military Allans in then re-
port lecommending the adoption of the le^oluuon ol Mi.
Bingham, ot Ohio, to auihouze the laising ol tv\ i my thou-
sand volunteets to serve lot nine month- in tin- State of
Floiida, and then to be di-Hiaiced tlx re; not ihat he is
unwilling to see all, il need be, ol the nuhtai \ power oi Hie
Government put fotth f"i the -uppu'^ion ol the existing
rebellion, but h< ha- bn n nimble to chcc< in tlx wimIojii or
the economy of selecting Kioi ida, to the exclusion of other
States, as the rheatei ol the seiviees of thi^ corps, when
othei volunteer aie i equued to go wnerevei then services
aie needed, oi whyniii'' mouths should be fiied as their
lenn of sei vice, u hen thiee yeais, or dining the wai, is the
usual term requned of others.
It would he ,i p.-euhai misfortune if our arms should meet
with signal lailuie oi d >Aster in t ♦<; adjoining States of
Georgia and Alabama foi ihe want o( the cooperation of
tin- corps, who might reiu^e 10 crocs the line of Florida
because they were en lifted to serve only in thnt Slate
If the lei i iioij of ihroppies^ed loyal people oi Ka&l Ten-
nessee, oi v\ ostein Texa-, or the mountains ot Kentucky,
. r the lines of communication between the Ohio liver arid
our armies in Middle Tennessee, or similar lines between
our armies in the State of Mississippi and the Tennessee
and Mississippi river-!, had, ere now, been selected as the
theater for the services of twenty thousand nine months'
volunteers, there would have been some reason for such a
movement.
Tn one case, a devotion to the Government, which ha*
been truer just as oppression and wrong* have been greater,
would have met with some of that much-needed protection
they have, so gallantly merited, and they would have found
cause for hope, if not for gratitude, in that recognition of
their virtue and of their fidelity to a Government for winch
they have suffered so much. Tn the other ease, our com-
munications might have been preserved fiorn those aunoy-
ing inteuuptions to which they have so often been sub-
jected, and would have enabled the soldieis of longer terms
and better discipline, who have been detailed at times for
that branch of the seivice, to participate in tho«.e victories
which might thus have been rendered complete and fruit-
ful, instead of being, as some ot them have, little betterthan
drawn battle?, and might have also prevented some very
disastrous and mortifying surrenders.
With all due deference to the arguments and opinions
that have influenced others, the undersigned has been un-
able to di>eover that tins is altogether a nulitaiy movement,
or even a movement demanded by a military necessity; the
more so, since it does not sceih to be disguised by the
friends of the meu-mie that the scheme is favored, if indeed
it is not to becouliolled, by the distinguished and energetic
plnlanthiopist, Eli Thayer, who is confessedly influenced
by a z.edl, if not by nn ambition, to become the founder ot
a new and great colony undei peculiar circumstances.
If there aie fertile and uncultivated lands in the State of
Florida that would lepay the coinage and enterprise of em-
igiants who desire to plant a colony iheie, those lands aie
owned either by Government or by individuals If by the
former, tliev are no doubt for sale; and if by the latter, they
have the right to hold and occupy them. The rigid emoice-
ment of the eon fit-cation act* oi la*t .-e^ion migln uitei i apt
that light; but in that event it might be giatifying to anx-
ious emigrants to know that those lands would then piob-
ablv sell very cheap
The under-igned is notunmindful of the gieat advantages
deuved toa Goveinmeiitby the development ot it- agueul-
tuial resouices, nor of the fo-tenng emethat should be ex-
tended to tin* the great foundation of all other interest*,
(jut he ventojes to suggest that the diieettoti of emigration
may be saleiv left to the taste.-, and inteiest- of intelligent
citizens; and that \\hatevera^istanee isdue fiom Govern
ment,to a<ci-t senleis in developing a given termor) of
country, could bg moie oppoitunely icndered after our un-
paid soldieis ot thieo year*' turn have been paid their dues,
and thus, enabled to Kcmd home a mueh-longeil-foi and -adly
needed suppmt lo their son owing wives and sulTeung clnl
dien.
lie would further suggest that whenever it is proper to
eneouiage or a^i-a cmigtanon to si given legion within the
juii-dietion or the Fedeial Government, it ought to be done
without lefereriee to the political opinion5: ol the ennui ants;
and he hope-, it will not be mmiou-Iv uiged a- within the
powers ot the Constitution to spend the substance of the
Govei nment in disseminating anvgiven political eieed. In
any event, no pains should be taken to iis-k the inangiira-
! ion of a local eonfhet b\ sending '-ettleis into a State whose
institutions and thefechrig- of whose peopleaieso opposed
to the convictions and {eeling- ot the new-comers.
11 vva& much hoped i hat the e\pei tenec oi Uk whole coun-
try in the ic-ulK leahzed by seoueing and exciting imuu-
giants fiom dilTeient M-etion- ol the countr\,and of vio-
tcntlv oj poscd polnie.il opinion^ .nid feelings, and for the
atifinmiemof political ends, nito the same eomnmrutv, in
Kansas, would have pioved a lesson not so soon to be loi-
goU-'n
The under-igned will venture to hope that if, after the?e
twenty thousand volunteer aie dt-chatged, the fonunesof
wai should va'.v, and tin' tegion o> then settlement, which
the} a-pire to reel.mu from tlx; nioiass and the wddetuess-,
and tn make it blo-i-oin as tin* r<w, should ltd I under the
contiol of an>' govei ninent oihoi than the United State—
an event winch he hopes i- unpiobnhle «s it is contiaiv
tn iii-s wishes—that they will then lind mean*- to maintain
themselves in then new position, eitliei as mend- oi ene-
inies of hiieh govei ninent, wahout impo-nig upon thu: Gov-
ernment any Mother outlav in the pieinise*
Tlie undersigned re>/ret« beiin? eon-Named to think that
the pio-eeuuoii or ihis scheme will pio ve a prostitution of
ihe poweis ol the Government, and nn unhappy deviation
fiom the avowed object- of the \\,u on tin- pail ol the Gov-
ernment, as deelated by Coiigiec^.
llespectiully subinitied. GK01 GC II. YEAMAN
Mr. Speaker, rakitur this scheme in connection
with the pi oposition of the ^eiiflem.ui fi om Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stev uxsj to raise one hundred and
fifty regiments of ne^io soldiers, and ihe n solu-
tion of the gentleman horn AJ inm-sota [Mr. Ald-
rich] to divide off the land of i«! ds that lias or
nmy become confiscated to iheGovci nmcnlarnon^
our soldars m the form of bounty land at the rate
of one hundted and sixty acres to the man, and
in connection with the Piesidont's emancipation
proclamation, and it would seem to show that
there is cnteitained, how extensively ! know not,
the idea of destroying or driving out one popula-
tion and substituting in its stead another, to be
composed m part of "Americans of African de-
scent" and foreigner*, who, however clever or
commendable in personal qualities, are as un-
American politically as they are unacchmated
physically. And I venture to predict that the new
situation and the new relations into which they'
are thrown will prove as injurious to their,.roorausf
as to their bodily health, In other words, as a
stranger would see it, what we cannot effect on
the field of battle by legitimate war is to be accom-
plished by exchanging or substituting populations
in the territory of the rebellion. The conception
is as unfortunate as it is unjust and indefensible.
The inference will be that the Government has
abandoned all hope in an ordinary and legitimate
mode of war—which is untrue—and is driven now
to rely on emigration, insurrection, violent eman-
cipation, the inculcation, by Government, of cer-
tain political ideas entertained by a party whose
term of favor with the people happened to expire
before their legal term of office isfiHed, and,lastly,
an alliance with " Americans of African descent,"
who will rather forcibly claim against you, in the
great settlement of political accounts by which
this trouble must be ended, that allies are equals.
I am rejoiced to believe thatthe rather generous
offer to distribute to the soldiers lands in fee sim-
ple, which the Government could at best occupy
only for the life of another, cannot preserve the
Republican vote on this floor. Yet these things
are proposed and seriously urged, and the whole
scheme, of which the resolution I am discussing
is but a part, is a horrible thing, whether we con-
sider its deviation from the regular couise of war,
and from our own avowed objects and plans in
conducting this war, or as an evidence of malice,
or as a confession of weakness. It is no more
than we might have expected from a party and an
Administration who have abandoned the lance and
the buckler of the Constitution to lean upon the
already broken reed of paper proclamations.
I deem it proper, in the discussion of this par-
ticular scheme, to makesomegeneral observations
on the conduct, past, present, und futuie, of this
war, and my own convictions of what will save
this Government; for, to speak plainly, I begin to
feel that if the Government is saved at all it will
be because it cannot be destroyed. If I undei stand
this vast scheme, it is to bring a so-called " irre-
pressible conflict" to a termination favorable in
the estimation of those who have so far made more
conflict than they have cured, by making the
States " ail free." That is to be done, partly by
killing armed tebcls in battle—which, so far as it
is done in the way of regular war, meets with my
approbation—partly by the emigration of men of
free-soil sentiments, partly by settling t he sorters
of the Government on the confiscated plantations
of icbels, and mainly by pioclaimmg free all the
slaves in an immense territory of country, into
which the Government cannot to-day throw a
bullet.
The Inst feature of this huge enterprise I have
sufficiently discussed on a foi met occasion during
this session. If the fiiends of that measute have
not already seen that it is a miserable failure, they
must at least feel some concern about the present
ability of theso-ealhd " executive Government
of the United States" to fulfill and make good the
promise it volunteered to " maintain" the Ireedom
so ostentatiously vouchsafed, with the " military
and naval authorities thereof." if that imbecile
pronunciamiento has conferred any rights at all
upon the slave, it is only the right to complain
that the scandalous threat made by the " execu-
tive Government of"the United Stales" to <{ do no
act" to supptess "any effoi ts" for actual freedom,
has only been executed by doing no acts to break
the power of the negio's rebellious master, much
less any that are equal to the task of freeing the
slave and making him politically equal to his mas-
ter.
There is nothing at all in the Jnstory of the
woild m any way co.mparable to the magnitude
and the folly of t'his abolition dream; and its fail-
ure will be as signal as its conception has been te-
vt-ngeful and eriatic. Experience isa dear school,
and that it is a good school is proved by the com-
mon say ins: that one class of pupils will learn in
no other. Other nations have, indeed, relied much
on emigration and colonization as aids in scheme#
of conquest against foreign equals or acknowl-
edged barbarians, but I do not remember us hav-
ing yet been resoited to as a means for the sup-
pression of rebellious fellow-citizens. And that
Government which adopts and acts upon this plan
