I8@£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL(*1
casualties of breaks and low water, and the other j
vicissitudes of artificial navigation. |
We are, by one branch of the scheme, to «;et j
access to ali the lakes, that is to say, to Lake On- ;
tario, and also to Lake Erie, by an expenditure
of §3,500,000. And this done, having touched
the waters both east and west of Niagara Falls
and opened them to tide-water, we arc to expend
$13,500,000 more to gain entrance to the waters
west of Niagara Falls alone; and all this on pre-
jnse of introducing armed vessels into the lakes,
there to operate in case of emergency. Such is
the programme before us as dressed in the attract-
ive garb of its authors; when stripped of fictitious
promises, it involves, as I believe, forty or fifty
million dollars, from which there will be no es-
cape if this first step is taken.
The redundancy and needless duplication of
the thing does not consist wholly, as stated yes-
terday with more unfairness than ingenuity, of
the suggestion that the western scheme will an-
swer the whole purpose. Such an argument would
of course be answered by its very statement, be-
cause the western channels proposed would only
reach the chain of lakes which terminates with
Lake Erie, and thus Ontario would be left stiil
unapproachable. The great objection on the head
of doubling the connections and indefinitely mul-
tiplying die cost is this: if the need of placing
gunboats on the lakes exists, and the true way
to provide them is to float them there from other
waters, and if enlarging the locks in New York
will open all the lakes, and do it in one year for
$3,500,000, then js it i^t barcfaccd to pretend that
$13,500,000 moreougnt to be given to accomplish
only a part of the object over again at the end of
five years?
As stated by the friends of the measure, the
proposition is this, in precise terms:
u Fir?t. To construct a ship and steamboat canal from i
Lake.Michigan to the Illinois rivei, and to improve the itli- :
nois river to the. Mississippi river; the canal to be out' bun-
dled and sixty feet wuic on the bottom, sides piotected with
stone walls ten feet high, the canal and river locks to be
three hundred and filty leet long and seventy-five feet wide,
with depth of water sufficient to piss steamboats and ves-
sels drawing hx feet of water; the canal to be supplied
with water from Lake Michigan.
"Second. To enlarge the locks of the Euc, Oswego, and
Cham plain canals sufficiently to admit of the transit of gun-
boats (non-clad) from tide-water into the upper lakes. Lake
Ontario and Lake Champiain."
Now, upon this proposition the committee re-
mark:
u Assuming that this mode of defense ought to be adopted,
it is not easy to perceive the object to be sained by con-
stiueting all of the woiks. If the proposed accer-s to the
lakes is established from the Mississippi liver. and it' that
access can bw-made, a-, i■< claimed, adequate to vessels ot
sufficient power, it Is difficult to s-*e what military neces-
sity or apology theie can be for establishing an access to
the same lakes ftom the Atlantic ocean aNu. Oi, to put the
case more strong!j still, il §3,500,000 will seeme access not
only to the uppei lakes, but 10 Lake Ontaiio aNo, mi agi?en
time, how can it beaigued on nnlUaiy giounds that upwards
of thirteen million dollar.* more should bo expended to ob-
tain access in a longer time to the upper lakes alone, ex-
cluding Lake Ontaiio? If it be assumed that in case ol war
our danger will be fiom vessels sent across the Atlantic, the
claim would seem to he still more bald that we shall need
to introduce a flotilla bv way of our western waters into
that series of lakes, divided by Niagara Falls from the only
inland theater of naval epilations accessible to ioreign
Powers.''
If one of the results of the rebellion stiall be
to plunge this country into a war with Luropean
Powers, nothing can be more plain than that the
issue will be decided, one way or the other, be-
fore these works can be completed.
Bat, sir, England will never rffesail us with the
dwarfish vessels which could pass through the
series of canals connecting the ocean with the
great lakes. Iron-clad boats, one hundred and
forty-two fret 111 length by twenty-six in breadth,
cannot safely navigate the ocean. Upon this
point the committee express their views in a pas-
sage which I will read:
Willi almmiiint -anilines of timber fit for ship building
Immediately lit h.iml, is it reasonable to suppose that a ivi-e
unit waiy adversely would iesort, ni such a eomiover^y,
to (hv.nfi-h eraii. to be convoyed across the ocean, and to
clambe, up lilly-six locks, only to be met at last, if they
succeeded in lea.-lung their destination, bj superior antag-
onists? On the contrary , is not tUe pie-umplKm liresist-
lble that vessels of {treat size and power would be con-
structed at points easy of access by r.ulway auil otherwise,
and tllllt tile sleam machinery, eaanoit. anil munitions as
well as the aimur to lender them impiegiiame, would be
sent fiom Bnirland,as it could beat all seasons at the yeai
"In this way sllot-pmol vessels of any size could beiap-
Idly put afloat, and there would be no novelty 111 the pro-
cess, and nothing impracticable in it.
"The consul general of lite Lmted States for tHe Isritteli
North American Provinces, Joshua 11. Glddinga, Esq , ill
response to an inquiry from the committee, writes from
Montreal, undcrdateoi the 8lh December, 186-2.as follows :
' I know of 11 o reason why iron-clad -.learners may not he
built at Quebec, Montreal, Kingston, Toronto, and othei
ports. The Peerless was an iron steamer. Uei parts were
scut over fiom Scotland, and set up at Toronto. Several
other iron steamers have been sent over and set up at Clue-
bee ; and I do not see why the materials for an iron-clad
steamer may not be sent over and the ship built at any ot
these potts.' "
But let us imagine the experiment to be tried
of dispatching small boats from England. Lt^
us suppose they should outlive the perils of the
sea; are we also to stultify ourselves by believing
that they would enter the St. Lawrence river and
canals without opposition? Opportunity, would
be afforded to our squadrons to meet and crush
them, not only in their passage across the.ocean,
but in the Gulf of St. Lawrence and in the mouth
of the river. Suppose they should reach the ca-
nals around the rapids of the St. Lawrence; what
ilien? These canals are seven in number, over-
coming a rise of about two hundred and thirty
feet in the entire distance between duebec and
Lake Ontario. One of them, the Beauharnoisca-
nal, is situated on the south side of the St. Law-
rence river, and within twenty miles of the north-
ern boundary of the State of Now York. It is
eleven and a half miles in length, and embraces
nine locks, varying in height from eight to eleven
feet, making an aggregate rise of eighty-two and
a half feet.
The committee believe, and practical and scien-
tific men who have been consulted upon the sub-
ject believe, it would be a very simple matter to
Vender that canal entirely useless iu a single day
orasingle night. For one hundred miles the river
St. Lawrence is the dividing line between Canada
and the United States. For most of the distance
it is narrow, and its navigation, both natural and
artificial, is exposed to sudden and easy destruc-
tion. The States washed by the lakes contain a
population of fourteen millions. Canada contains
not much more than two millions. Say, if you
please, that all these millions of people are unwill-
ni" or recreant, but depend upon it that the sons
of New Yolk will take care that the canals along
her frontier will disappear in the same hour when
they are first used for vehicles bearing war and
invasion into any portion of the Republic. The
destruction of a single look would not only inun-
date and render useless all the locks below it, but
it would dislodge and undermine the foundations
of the wot lis. An obstruction of any considerable
magnitude placed ill the channel of a canal would
of course arrest the use of all.
But suppose they run the gauntlet of the seas
and the ocean squadrons; suppose the canals are
allleft carefully undisturbed; suppose they squeeze
through the hundred and forty-two feet of lock
room on the Welland canal; what would be the
fate of the pioneer, particularly, of this proces-
sion going Indian file lip into ship-covered Lake
Erie? One single vessel, of which there are hun-
dreds, riding respectfully near to the locks, would
receive her adventurous guest with a salutation
which, unless the head-gates and side walls had
been iron-clad for the occasion, would welcome
her Majesty's marines "with bloody hands to
hospitable graves."
Let us take the case of boats only a hundred
and forty-two feet long, actually and safely ele-
vated into Lake Erie. They would be surrounded
by a cloud of vessels superior in size and power.
We have sixteen hundred and forty-three vessels
of various descriptions on the lakes, as appears
by the report of the board of lake underwriters
foi the year ending the 31st of December, 18(52.
The marine of Canada is less than one third of
that number. A portion of our vessels are pro-
pellers, built of iron and strong enough to bear a
heavy armament. Tliey may also be rendered
invulnerable ill a very shoit time by plating; and
the authorities consulted by the committee have
fixed the period within which that can be done
at some three or four weeks.
The head of the Bureau of Steam Engineering in
the Navy Department in reply to a communica-
tion of the committee, speaking of the likelihood
of England's building iron boats on this side of
the Atlantic, uses this language ;
" There is no difficulty, however, in having nil the ma-
chinery, and the parts of the iiou hull, liumglit ovei sepa-
rately and ready bent, shaped, and punched, to be set up
on Hie shores ot tli  luta .above Ontario. It is possible to
have such an armored frotifcoat ready for service, on these
lakes in from four to six weeks after the arrival ofthe parta
on the shore. The machinery would be of the simplest
high pressure kind."
This, it will be seen, includes pulling up the
entire vessel,and not merely puuingphuesalreatly
prepared npon an existing vessel. Looking to
the promptness with which war vessels can now
be brought into existence, it is doubtful whether
if the treaty stipulation to which I have referred
were dissolved this day, a single gentleman could
be found in this House who would affirm that we
ought to expend a dollar in placing a naval arm-
ament upon the lakes. It is true that much has oc-
curred since the outbreak of this rebellion to impair
the amicable relation existing between this coun-
try and England; but the. danger of a rupture is
n<>tso imminent as to justify, in the opinion of the
committee, and in the judgment of the countrj',
any expenditures for the purpose of placing the
lakes under our guns.
But, sir, admit all that has been contended for by
the friends of the measure, as to the necessity of
attaining the object proposed. Cti.i we attain it
by the means sought to be employed ? I fear there
are mailer-of-factn obstacles in the way of provid-
ing the navigation claimed to be so desirable.
The committee have endeavored to show that
so far as the Erie anil Oswego canals are con-
cerned, the supply of water would be inadequate
for (lie purposeof a canal with the enlarged locks,
and ill the bill before the House a provision ia
made for the supply of " additional feeders." Ad-
ditional feeders! What part of the $3,500,000
covers this portion of the work? No part. And
yet the silonee of- the dogmatical sponsor for tha
bill, as well as the bill itself, confesses the neces-
sity for these costly structures. Where are the
feeders to bo located ? Where is the water to ba
obtained ? Some of the attoi neys or contractor#
or watchers near at hand ought to have answered
these pressing questions.
Again, where is the. reputation of the auditor
, and iState engineer of New Yoik, as to the impos-
I sibility of passing through the prism of the canal,
I boats for which the proposed locks are designed?
And again, where ai e the means pointed out to
strengthen the already weakened walls of the
present locks, or to make them suffice? The State
engineer of New York, on his official oath, bears
testimony upon this point also. No witness ap-
pears against bun; but the best piactical and sci-
entific authoiity predicts results utterly destruct-
ive, if the contemplated enlaigementis permitted.
But.all this is " whistled down the wind" with
wholesale and overheated abu&e.
The overslaugh in the Hudson river thrusts 111
its scanty six feet to disarrange the plans of those
who propose to go either in or out of the Erie ca-
nal with the lightest draught of gunboats that any
imagination has conceived. No note is made of
this, nor of the admission solemnly made in the
original report of the Military Committee at the
last session, that the Mississippi river affords but
six feet of navigation where the Illinois comes in.
Let Colonel Crane speak on tins subjectand as to
the Illinois improvement at large, lie says, in
response to the Military Committee of the Senate:
" Iu tiie tepoit of the Military Committee of the House
of Representatives, 1862, advocating the Illinois route, it Is
said, in reference to the scale of nn pi ovement for the Illinois
river.; Nothing is to be gained In a givater depth of water
than that of the Mississippi, ironi tin- mouth of the Illinois
to St. Louis, which may be stated,at low stages, as fix leet,
a depth milk-lorn to allow the parage of gunboats light,
which, with their armament and stores, draw irom nine to
j! ten feet of water.'
! ''Tiie memorial of the Chamber of Commerce or New
|[ Yoik cit), advocating both the Illinois and Now York
'' routes, also contemplates a depth of seven leet ami udraught
of tile boat at six and a half teet, but sav< mulling about
!; theie being but sit teuton the oveislaugh in the Hudson at
l! ordinaiy flow of tide.
it "In the Hudson, then, {or some six miles and in the
'I Mississippi, between St. Louis and the mouth of the fill-
i' (thiuy-three miles,) wo shall be left s-cant,by one foot
1 of water, lor even such draught of boats* as U is proposed
!' to improve the canals and locks and the Illinois river tor
!( pacing, at a cost ot $10,640,821.
! It is po-Mble that m the-e places ofthe Mississippi and
ji Hudson the gunboats e<>ukl he buoyed up by atuicumgad-
!i jacent bout*, so a> to gain this toor. But this would tie a
,, -.|ow ami expensive process-, especially on the Mississippi,
where the current would he against uk in ascending, hut
ii less difficult on the Hudson, where the current ot the tide
j! would favor. But with such hinderances, and the lengths
l! ot the voyage-, one might reasonably ask for the length of
 ' time necessary ior the gunboats to make the voyage fiom
Ji the mouths ofthe Delaware and Hudson, or fiom tin-Ohio
H river through into the upper or-lower lakes. Time is an
ji important element in this connection.
