1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sylvania to allow me fifteen minutes of his time,
to explain the amendment which I offered.
Mr. STEVENS. I will all^ow the gentleman
fifteen minutes.
Mr. Dl VEN. Mr. Speaker, the primary object
of this measure, as presented to this Congress at
its last session, was that it was a matter of mili-
tary defense. I suppose that the assumption of
this undertaking on the part of the General Gov-
ernment, at a time like this, could only be justi-
fied on the supposition that it was essential to the
military defense of the country. For commercial
purposes no such undertaking could be entered
on. At the time it was presented it was urged
on the consideicition of the national Legislature
that there was imminent danger of a rupture with
England; that by the terms of the treaty with
England we were not permitted to place war ves-
sels on the northern lakes separating the British
dominions from the United States; that, by means
of the canals already constructed nlonsr the St.
Lawrence,Great Britain wouid be enabled to carry
vessels from the Atlantic to the lakes, while we
would have no such facilities to place ourselves
on an equal footing with Great Britain. That, I
submit, was the paramount ground on which this
measure was urged on the consideration of Con-
gress. Connected with it, it is true, the friends of
the measure urge its great importance as a national
commeicial work, havingan important bearing on
the commercial interests of the country. Insti-
gated, as I suppose, by a desire to promote the
national defenses of the country, the Committee on
Military Affairs reported a bill which provides for
enlarging the locks of the New York canals so as
to form a connection between the Hudson river and
Lakes Erie and Ontario; and also provides for mak-
ing a connection between the Mississippi river at
the mouth of the Illinois river and Lake Michigan
at Chicago, thus affording the opportunity, as is
contended, of bringing vessels of war from the
Gulf of Mexico to Lake Michigan, and from New
York to Lakes Erie and Ontario.
Now, sir, I have several objections to this bill.
In the first place, it assumes that the cost to the
Government of enlarging the New York locks is
to be $3,000,000. That amount is predicated
solely on the estimate of the State engineer of
New York, whom I belitve to be acoinp6tcntand
careful engineer. The other project is estimated
to cost $13,000,000 by engineers who are said to
be skillful men. The bill contemplates that after
this Illinois canal is enlarged the Government shall
become its owner and operator, thus increasing
the patronage of the United States Government
by the appointment of an army of lock-tenders,
superintendents, and laborers. We of Pennsyl-
vania and New York know what this canal pat-
ronage is as a measure of State politics. We
know how the State of New York have been con-
trolled year after year by the canal patronage.
The same thing became so objectionable in the
State of Pennsylvania that she parted vvkh her
canal works.
Now, I propose to accomplish the purpose of
this bill by an amendment which 1 introduced.
Taking as correct the statement of New York as
to the cost of making this enlargement, and taking
as correct the statement of Illinois as to the cost
of improving hercanal, I propose that if the State
of New Yoik will enlarge her canals so that war
vessels may pass up the Hudson river to the lakes,
and will give to the Government of the United
States the right to use the canal, free of charge for
military purposes, the Government will give to
the State' of New Yoi k the amount which it cost.
In like manner I propose that when the State of
Illinois shall have enlarged her canaland executed
a license to the General Government for the use
of H, the General Government shull pay the cost.
If the estimates are light, then these States ought
certainly to ptefer this mode of construction
The State of New York can enlarge her canals
cheaper than the General Government can. Her
credit is better to-day than that of the General
Govwnmnrt. She has it in her power, after this
legislation shall have been had, to pledge, in ad-
dition to her own credit, the credit that is agreed
to bo given to her by the General Government.
In the bonds used for the enlargement of these
canals, she can pledge the bonds which the Gen-
eral Government guaranties to give her. The
State of Illinois can do the same thing. It cannot
be said that if these works tan be constructed tor
the sums named there will be any difficulty in
their being done by the States themselves. My
amendment takes from the bill the objectionable
feature of the Government becoming a great in-
ternal improvement machine, working and oper-
ating canals and employing theoperatives on them.
1 tl*nk my friend from Pennsylvania will testify
that that has been one of the most corrupting ma-
chines in his State. W hat objection can there be
to having the work done in the manner that I have
indicated' It will be better for the States them-
selves, for they will have refunded the cost of the
work, and have all the increased revenues to be
derived from it.
Now, sir, while 1 say that the enlargement of
the canals of the State of New York is, in a mili-
tary point of view, a matter of great importance,
in enabling the Government to put the armed ves-
sels of the Atlantic upon both lakes, while the en-
largement of the Illinois canal may sffoid protec-
tion to the upper lakes, but will affoid none to
Lake Ontario, inasmuch as the enlargement of the
canals in the State of New York will accomplish
the whole object in a military point of view; yet,
as a mere matter of commercial importance, 1 am
willing the Government should give <£13,000,000
to secure the connection of the waters of Lake
Michigan with the Mississippi river, if it can be
accomplished for that sum. The people of 1 llinois
seem satisfied that it can be dune for $13,000,000.
If they can show that it can be so done, let them
do it, and 1 am willing to vote the money.
In accordance with this view, as to the better
mode of constructing these woiks, I have framed
mv amendment. In looking it over since it was
printed 1 discover that it requires a few verbal
alterations, which I propose to make, and then
leave it, as am ended, for the pleasure of the House.
Mr. STEVENS*. As the practice seems to be
to pass round fifteen minute speeches to gentle-
men, I propose to occupy the attention of the
House for that length of time.
If, ten or fifteen years ago, the proposition
had been seriously made in Congress to appro-
priate for any purpose of internal improvement
§50,000,000, or even half that amount, the whole
country would have been startled; if at that time,
when running into debt was unpopular, such a
proposition had been made for the benefit of any
State it would have startled everybody and at-
tracted general attention to it
I will venture to say that no party that dared
to advocate it would have ever survived it. But,
sir, it has become so much the custom to give
money by the million within the last two years,
that the whole public mind has, to use a military
term, become demoralized upon the subject of
expenditures, while a little proposition for a pen-
sion for some poor widow, or for some poor
fellow whose leg has been amputated, will be
passed over as unworthy of our attention; yet let
a State ask for twenty or thirty or fifty million
dollars, and the question at once rises to such
a dignity that we cannot afford to reject it. But
very few people will look at it as a matter of any
importance, unless by refusing to vote a member
can grind an ax somewhere, or by a vote for it
he can get some old ax ground. Such is the habit
of the human mind, and such is the effect every-
where when you familiarize the minds of men with
these transactions.
When a terrible plague was raging in Athens,
that carried off two thirds of its entire population,
in which whole families, well in the morning, were
found dead at night, it is said that at the fii st the
whole city was shocked, but, little by little, the
minds of the people became fam ilia r with the scenes
of death, until the survivors danced, and fiddled,
and enjoyed themsevlcs. Many of them gam-
bled upon the dead bodies of their brethren, and
thieves—very unlike what we are doing here—
stole from the pockets of their dead comrades. It
became a matter of every day's occurrence, until
it shocked nobody, it is upon the same principle
that now we aie not at all shocked when a demand
like this is made upon us. It stattles nobody.
Mr. Speaker, there have been various preten-
sions urged for making this appropriation, and
what enoimity was ever practiced that some ex-
cuse was notfound for it? We are told that it is a
war measmo. Well, sir, they who really think
it is a measure for the present war, must suppose
that it has passed some time since, for nobody
supposes that a canal that is to float tip armetl
vessels with masts and sails and side wheels, can
be completed in less than two or three years* But
if this war is to continue for that length of time
itmntters but little what our expenditures are, and
I suppose it is upon that ground that this measure
is urged with so much pertinacity.
But the idea of constructing a ship canal so that
armed vessels of war can be broughtaround from
the Mississippi river through the great chain of
lakes to New York is the most preposterous sham
ever put forth by anybody claiming to adopt the
semblance or pretence of an argument. A catwd
six feet deep, up which vessels of war are to sail,
and sail all the way from New Orleans, by'St.
Louis to New York ! Is there a man here who
is so little acquainted with water, who lives so far
from even a mill-pond that he cannot understand
the folly of such a proposition ? Every one knows
that no vessel which can live an hour on one of
the lakes could get through any such canal. We
all know as a matter of history that there is far
more danger, and thata vessel is much more likely
to be swamped in navigating the lakes than the
ocean. Will any gentleman say that he expects
a boat that can come up tho Mississippi river and
this proposed canal to Chicago will ever live to
get through to New York? Or do you expect that
a vessel that can go up through the Erie canal to
Lake Erie will ever live to get through the lakes
to Chicago? It is an absmdity. No vessel draw-
ing less than nine feel of water is safe to navigate
the lakes. A vt^sel diawmg only six feet could
not live upon them for an hour.
Will it be contended, then, that this is a war
measure > If it is to be a war measure, some gen-
tlemen suggests that the first thing we do we had
better take the Welland canal, and then we can
send up boats instead of letting the enemy use it.
No, sir; everybody knows that if a war should
occur with Great Britain you would be obliged to
build your boats and ships of war on the shores of
the lakes or below by piecemeal, and send them
there to put them together. This idea of sending
them along these ditches is treating our judgment
with very little respect.
As a commercial thing it may possibly be use-
ful, and I would be glad to see every commer-
cial advantage extended to the West and to the
East. I suppose from the interest my friend from
Massachusetts takes in it that it is to be extended
eastward through the HoosicktunrieUo Boston and
Portland. [Laughter.] But, sir, if it is to be a
commercial opet <\uon mere I y, let me tell gentlemen
that the same difficulty occurs. A"? I said before
no vessel can safely navigate the lakes drawing
less than nine feet of water, and therefore it fol-
lows that no vessel coming up the Mississippi
river and Illinois canal to Chicago could ever reach
Buffalo and New York. And if it could I cannot
very well see how it would benefit Chicago or
Buffalo or Albany. It mi^ht benefit New York,
and it might benefit the Illinois farmer; but as
there would be no transhipment the intermediate
places like Buffalo and Albany would rather be
injured than benefited.
But, sir, it is to hold the Union together. Yes,
sir, there can be no text taken here, not even a
ship canal, that does not call forth the loftiest
strains of eloquence for the Union and the salva-
tion of the Government. My friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Kellogg,] who is always eloquent, was
touchingly so when he reached this point to-day.
A canal save the Union ! Mr. Speaker, if wo do
not cease these extra vagant expenditures, we may
reach a point that will drive all honest men out of
the Union. I am sure that the western gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] and the learned
gentleman from New York, (Mr. Om.vJ have
found the best arguments for their side that they
could; and yet, sir, this is all of it! Could it be
worse? I think not. Illinois is a western State,
and of course she is entitled to be benefited. Un-
doubtedly she is. } f I had my way, 1 would give
her another grant of land for the put pose of en-
lightening Egypt, where we all know that there
is so much darkness. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I remember that, when ten or twelve
yeai s ago I had the honor of a seat upon this floor,
we voted an immense donation of the public land
to build the Illinois Central railroad, the Illinois
and Mobile railroad, for a road from Illinois down
to Mobile, in Alabama. I remember, also, what
I have seen published in regard to that road and
the lands which were granted to it. I understand
