1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15%
37th Coatg....3d Sess.
Conduct of ihe JVar—Mr. Lazear.
Ho. of Reps.
had not thus spoken, how long—I ask in all seri-
ousness—how long would it have been before the
people of this country and gentlemen on this floor
would have been flatly told that they must ride
upon the great Juggernaut car of abolition or be
bound upon its track and crushed beneath its pon-
derous and bloody wheels? Whenever I am told
this, I will answer that I will neither ride nor be
crushed, nor secede to get out of your way. We
have alreadygota power underyour bone-crusher
and principle-smasher that breaks good promises
under the wheel of " pressure," and a good Con-
stitution under the wheel of " necessity." Our
power is the jack-screw of public opinion, the only
lever that has ever moved the world half so far as
Archimedes thought he could move it. We will
prize your horrid concern off the track, and tum-
ble it down the hill, and bring on a train of com-
fortable cars, thirty-four in number, with a " new
broom "and a powerful rebel-catcher before, good
brakes to every wheel, and the whole driven by
a cateful engineer, who measures the pressure of
his steam by the regulator of the Constitution,
and the speed of his train by the value of the lib-
erties of thirty million free people.
Mr. Speaker, before 1 close I \$&l cast upon the
turbulent current of the times one crude thought
upon the great question of American politics. If
abolition be right in any view or in any mode, the
indecent haste of to-day for the violent and sud-
den kind now proposed would be wrong, wholly
and radically erroneous. And it is surprising that
its advocates, if they really desire both the fiee-
dum and prosperity of the black man, more than
they do their own dominion over his master, have
not discovered that the rebellion is ending slavery
quite as rapidly as the welfare of either race would
peimit the relation to be dissolved. However
stiong and enduring slavery might have proved,
reposing in peace under a stiong Government, it
is in its very nature that it must be shattered in
the ceaseless rounds of convulsion and revolution
invited and made sure by the success of that
theory of government upon which the rebel con-
federacy is founded. 1 do not agree with those
who think that the success of the rebellion will
strengthen slavery, but I agree with its anti-sla-
very sympathizers in Europe, of whom the Lon-
don Times is the leading, the ablest, and the most
honest organ, in the opinion that in the success
of secession, slavery on this continent will soon-
est find an end.
Abolition means more than many people seem
to have discovered, for while it abolishes the re-
lation between master and slave, it abolishes the
relation between the master and his Government,
and leaves the people at the mercy of a remorse-
less one-ideaed faction that would go fieicely for-
ward from one abolition to another, until all the
landtnaiks and safeguards of order are abol-
ished, by being- merged into that kind of order that
springs from the rale of one mind. This has been
its history in all eonntiies and ages. I speak of
abolition in us historic and generic sense, and not
soh'ly of Us pi esent manifestations and the objects
of its pi esent hostility. Emancipation is quite
another thing, and it is certain that were better
managed by influences loss fierce than the passions
of to-day, and by slower laws than human stat-
utes.
My judgment upon this contioversy is not the
prisoner of a mind just broad enough and quite
fierce enough to esteem slaveiy more sacred than
other property, and to exalt it above the Consti-
tution and the Government. The geogiaphical
po&ition of some minds gives coloi to their out-
ward manifestations, just as some seeds will pro-
duce flowei^of diffeient colors in different cli-
mates. Just because f do not deify slavery, I reject
the opinions of those who would destroy the Gov-
ernment, under the ptetense of strengthening sla-
veiy. And because I love my Government better
than I do any property, 1 reject the opinions of
those who would subvert the Government to de-
stroy that property, as a means of defeating rebel-
lion. If they had discernment or would take time
to see that emancipation, ifsuccessfulatail, must
be gradual, accompanied by separation, and the
results of climatic and economic causes, instead
of impertinent agitation, they would not seek to
close the door to southwestern exit, and the dilu-
tion of the race in the expansion of the institution
towards the tropics. By throwing a coidon of
free States between it and Mexico, Central Amer-
ica, and the valley of the Amazon, they preserve
and maintain the institution, or, what is more
probable, force it to a bloody and tempestuous
solution, that will neither illustrate their political
wisdom, nor attract the love of mankind for their
humanity. If wise and just, they would allow the
only kind of higher law I recognize to operate on
the institution, as does the sun upon the glacier
on the mountain side. If it stays unmoved, it wilt
prove to be a rock, planted by nature, to remain
where it was put. If it moves, the attractive beams
of a southern sun, aided by the superincumbent
pressure of a surplus and aggressive Saxon pop-
ulation, will draw it down and away fullyas fast
as will be safe for those who are carried with it,
or those who, to accommodate themselves to the
great change in the structure of society, unfasten
themselves and stand aloof Irom the moving mass.
If the change is destined to come, then, come
when and how it may, it will bo accompanied with
much of inconvenience and annoyance, possibly
somewhat of violence. But if I may compare so-
cial and political changes to the inevitable results
of the sublime machinery of nature,! would pre-
fer the avalanche on the Alpine slope, that gives
warning of its leaving, if not of its coming, to the
spasm of the eaithquake; and 1 would prefer an
encroachment on the dominions of the tide by a
rich delta formed of the debris of the great polit-
ical river of Ameiican politics, American convic-
tions, and American interests, to the lava flood
of a cruel convulsion that would, like one of the
molten seas of Hecla, require near a centuiy to
cool, and, when cooled, remain foiever a desert as
hard.
There is one instance of sudden abolition by an
edict higher than that issued by the " executive
Government of the United States." It was done
after a chosen people had suffered the most griev-
ous oppression, and He who is at once the Law-
maker, the Judge, and the executive Power of the
universe, determined that the abolition of the serv-
itude of one race and the domination of another
mn^t be accompanied by the separation of the two
races. There are now and always have been large
numbers of our race who will learn nothing either
fiom the calamities of their fellow-beings or the
wisdom of their Creator.
Mr. Speaker, this controversy and its results,
the magnitude of the events now transpiring
around us, have become, to my mind, oniy less
grand and less awful than the proceedings in that
last and highest Court, at its last sitting for judg-
ment on " that great day for which all others were
made." 1 f our destiny he yet susceptible of con-
trol at the hands of less than omnipotent, Will, I
will continue to hope that when justice and con-
servatism have tnumphed at the North, and our
arms have triumphed at the South, this bitter cup
will pass away. I have joined the two conditions to-
gether as being equally and jointly necessary to our
presentpolitical salvation; and be assured neither
will possibly succeed without the othci. With-
out both, iiideed without either, i have much hope
of what will be achieved by slower influences in
one or two or three geneiations, whin passions
shall have cooled and men have hail time to cast
up and compare the columns of profit and loss in
the ledger of disunion and civil war. But it may
be that we have much less to do with this g oat
matter than we think. Providence generally acts
thiough agencies, and, to human observation,
from behindacui tain. Those whom we frequently
cuis< as foolish or unjust are often, without know-
ing it, only the instruments wielded by an invis-
ible hand to execute the judgments of a power
felt but not sect)• If this matter has passed from
our control into that of the Ruler of the universe;
if these vast and hostile armies, this southern
Cavalier willfulness and this northern self-right-
cousness, aic only means in His hands to accom-
plish His purposes, then my hope is that we do
not merit entire destruction, and that, when we
have been punished according to our deserts, He
will, in the fullness of time, speak " peace, be
still," and reveal to us whereby crooked ways
may be made straight and our broken cistern be
made whole.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
SPEECH OF HON. JESSE LAZEAR,.
OF PENNSYLVANIA, •' ' ^
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1863,
On a memorial complaining of governmental errors in tba
conduct of the war, and praying the remedial action of
Congress,
Mr. LAZEAR. Mr. Speaker, I am not one of
those who "think that they shall be heard for their
much speaking," and I have not taken up the
time of the House by garrulous displays. But
though I never mean to be otherwise, still I feel
that I have a right to ask the kind attention of my
fellow-members to such suggestions as I may
think proper to make in regard to public affairs.
Circumstances press this emergency upon me
now, and I desire to address a few words of
"truth and soberness" to those whq will please
to hear. I shall say nothing uncourteous unless
inadvertently, nor will I utter a disloyal senti-
ment, and 1 hope for candor and forbearance.
A few days ago I offered the memorial of one of
my constituents, a gentleman of ripe experience
and sound judgment, complaining of governmental
errors in the control of our fratricidal war, and
praying the remedial action of Congress; it also
j->roposed the adoption of such measures as, in his
opinion, would lead to an adjustment of our so-
cial troubles, and a happy peace.
I do not consider myself responsible for all that
is expressed by my constituent'in his paper, but
I heartily agree with him in his general views and
ultimate object. His aim is peace by just meas-
ures and dignified conciliation. In ali this I con-
cur with him entirely. I know that in declaring
my wish for a pacific settlement of our difficulties
with our revolted fellow-citizens of the South, I
incur the denunciation of a great party whose
" voice is still for war,"and who pretend to think
that
" Smooth discourse and mild behavior
Oft conceal a traitor."
It is the common slang of these " blood and
thunder" men to call those who are moderate in
their temper toward the rebels " sympathizers,"
and other new epithets of reproach. The use of
this insulting language towards truly loyal men
is not confined to the madcaps of the land, but is
often employed in a very unbecoming manner, as
I think, by gentlemen in high position. Perhaj)s
there are too many of this class that have received
the philosophical opinion of Loid Karnes, who
asserts " that the altei nato succession of war and
peace is as necessary as the changes of weather,
and that perpetual peace is wotse than perpetual
war." According1 to this ultra theory it may be
alleged that we are now in a condition of national
progress; and that the arming of slaves to kill
their masters is advancing the cause of humanity;
for t he author 1 have quoted says, bai barity and
cruelty give place to magnanimity, and soldiers
are converted from brutes into heroes."
On this particular, let me refer to a late official
report of T. W. fligginson, colonel of the negro
regiment in Georgiaand Floiida. Hisexpeuence
fully confirms the expectations of those who fa-
vored this military anomaly; and I have no doubt,
to use the. words of the writer, "that they have
peculiarities of temperament, position, and motive
which belong to them alone;" and that they will
"show the '-esolution and sagacity which a per-
sona! purpose gives."
But 1 leave our colored protectors for the present
to notice a little further the denunciatory war spirit
that prevails, as I said, even with many very in-
telligent persons. I will give another passage
from Lord Karnes, showing the evils of peace,
and the blessings of war:
"Industry, manufactures, and wraith are the fnut= of
peace ; but advm to what follows : luxury, a never-tailing
eoncoimiant of wealth, is a slow poison that debilitates
men, and renders tliem incapable of any gieat effbit. Tn
a woid, man by constant pro.-perlty and peace degenerates
into a moan, impotent, and selfish annual An Ameucan
savage, who treasuies up the vcalp-. ol In* enemies as tro-
phies of his. prowess, is a being lar superior,"
Upon the same principle of fiendish ferocity,
the slaves of St. Domingo, who marched tomur-
