am-
TMR CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
that its unsold kinds sell as high as sixteen dol-
lars, and even as high as twenty-five dollars per
aere. It is the richest company in the United
States. Those lands have not only paid for the
railroad, but they have made everybody con-
nected with it enormously rich. Yet the gentle-
man talks about benefiting Illinois. It is really
distressing that we do not help Illinois. [Laugh-
ter.] I have never refused to vote land to any of
these States, to vote them liberal donations of land;
but there is such a thing as being too grasping,
when there are demands made that no decent man
can vote for. It is so now. When there are these
demands, how is this House attempted to be af-
fected? One man wants a nursery, another wants
to vote for an appropriation—as we would wish
in Pennsylvania—to buy horses. [Laughter.]
They cannot succeed singly, and so they go to-
gether. When we put through this bill, we will
have to pass others of a like extraordinary char-
acter.
-it is not really believed that this bill can pass.
It may be that matters have been so arranged that
fintieuien may get twenty or thiity votes for it,
would be surprised if they got any more. No-
body can believe that it will pass. When it is
voted on it will be consigned to the tomb of the
Capulets, never to be resurrected.
Mr. Speaker, I have seen the time when New
York, a great and glorious State, would have been
ashamed to come to this body for help from the
General Government for the enlargement of her
canals. Her Representatives would have blushed
a)l over if any such thing had been proposed. But
New York asks for it. Illinois asks for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to the gentle-
man that i have never seen the time when Penn-
sylvania has? been ashamed to ask. [Laughter.]
Mr, STEVENS. She has never asked the Gen-
eral Government to help her in her great work of
internal improvement. She has crossed the Alle-
ghany mountains at an expense of §40,000,000.
Let me ask whether she is to be taxed sail more
for the purpose of helping New York to enlarge
her canals? I do not doubt that Pennsylvania is
as willing to receive favors as other States. But,
sir, she has built her own great lines of commu-
nication. There has not been a dollar given by
the General Government. Her people are now
laboring underaheavy debtin consequence of the
expenditures she has made for those works. They
have to pay the interest on $40,000,000; and it was
the other uay that the interest on the public debt
of that old Commonwealth was paid m com. Last
year the owners of this canal in New York made
$5,000,000. I suppose that they want to have this
$13,000,000 to make $9,000,000 next year. I have
occupied only a portion of my time, and I yield
what I have left to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
vallavsiaham.1
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
have but a few words to  ay on this bill. I did
not, in the beginning, propose to say anything;
so little attention, indeed, did 1 bestow upon the
measure, that I agreed to pair oft' with the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Fouke,] who is absent;
but since I have obseived the pertinacity with
which this measure is pressed in and outside of
the House, and become satisfied of. the combina-
tions which have been formed to curry it through,
I have had myself relieved from that pair,and will
remain silent no longer.
Sir, this bill strikes a deadlier blow at the inter-
ests.of eigh^ States and live of the principal cities
of this Union than any measure ever before pro-
posed in Congress. It is a proposition to take
away the entire trade and a large part of the travel
of the Mississippi and that vast counti y beyond
it, from theStatea of Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio,'Vir-
ginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and
New Jersey; and to divert that irade. and that por-
tion of travel in the direction of one single State,
and for the benefit of one city alone-—both already
bloated with prosperity. It proposes to strike
down the material interests of the cities of St. ;
Louis,Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Baltimore, and Phil-
adelphia, for the benefit of New York.
A Member. And Louisville.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Yes; and Louis-
ville, too; and I may add Wheeling also. Thus
making seven of the larger cities of the Union.
It is a measure designed to give to one single line
of communication between the West and the East
and controlling preference by the act of
Congress over every other. Sir, there arc several
important channels of communication for trade
and travel which nature or art has provided be-
tween the East and the West. Yetdeliberately and
pertinaciously this measure is pressed, though
its inevitable consequence is to divert the legiti-
mate trade and travel from all of them exceptihe
most costly and circuitous route by way of the
northern lakes.
Nor is this all. The friends of this proposition
are not satisfied with destroying or impairing the
material interests of the several al ready establ ished
and most convenient and sufficient communica-
tions south of that route, but in addition seek to
compel the States and people whose interests are
to be thus stricken down, to pay their full propor- j
tion,and more, of the price of constructing the ]
very work through the agency of which the mis- |
chief is to be accomplished. Never was a more
offensive or monstrous proposition urged in Con-
gress or in any State Legislature. The plunder-
ing schemes at Albany are moderate and modest
compared with it. Sir, I agree with my colleague,
[Mr. Trimble,] who spoke a little while ago, that
surprise ought rather to be expressed that such a
measure should be urged at nil, or setiously, upon
the House, than that it should meet with determ-
ined opposition. In fact, sir, it is only within the
last twenty-four hours that anything like serious
opposition, such as is justifiable and demanded,
has been made.
Sir, before the war in which we are now en-
gaged broke out, sixty-four per cent, of the trade
of Cincinnati was southward, a large pai t of it by
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers; twenty-four per
cent, northwestwaul, and only twelve per cent,
with the East. Whatever remains of trade and tra-
vel not connected with military affairs, except that
with the Northwest, now nec^sarily is diverted
easiwaid, at an immense loss to us. But in fact
the whole trade and travel of the central and south-
western portions of the Northwest has been very
greatly diminished; and yet it is now delibeiately
proposed to convert an accident of the war into a
permanent diversion, and to compel us to contiib-
utc to the price of our own injury.
Sir, thcscconsiderations alone will control my
vote; and I, therefoie, do not propose to rewcw
the constitutional argument upon this question;
yet I must be permuted to express my surprise
that gentlemen who claim to belong to the Demo-
cratic strict-construction school of politics should
be found supporting this measure. Certainly noth-
ing in any platform of the Democratic party
gives it any countenance. U is opposed to every
line and letter of General Jackson's veto of thg
Maysvilie road bill, in 1830, and I do not believe
that any great statesman of this country ever ad-
vocated any ptinciple upon which this particular
work, wholly within the State of Illinois, or the
State of New Yoik, is sought to be justified un-
der the Constitution; no, not even John Ctuincy
Adams, who is said once to have suggested the
construction of" light-houses in the sky."
Neither do I propose to consider the military
argument. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] has answered that,and in a man-
ner to which there can be not even a reply. Nor
will I discuss the political bearings of this ques-
tion. I concur in what was said by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] yesterday, that it
is not a tie of any value alone to hold together the
union between the West and the East. Along with
justice and fair dealing, allowing to trade and travel
their natural course, leaving us'our several natural
and artificial communications from the Missis-
sippi river eastward as they now exist, according
as interestorincimanon may dictate, this, indeed,
might form one of the bonus which would bind
us together. But it is as the smallest cord, to be
snapped in an instant, when its sole purpose ami
effect are to take away travel and trade from us,
and diiect them to those who are alicady enriched .
at our expense, and when at the same time it taxes !
us to pay the cost of the mischief. !
Sir, our lines of communication eastward are j
already established, and they a re abundantly suffi- i
eient for our wants. Sooner or later, veiy soon, |
1 think, the navigation of the Mississippi will in 1
peace be opened to us; and we cannot consent
that all the through trade,and much of the through
travel following it, of that great river, that inland
sea, and of the vast country beyond it, shall be
diverted from us, and nothing left us except the
local travel and trade of our own States; and even
that made to seek cross-communications north-
ward to n-ach the main and controlling channel.
Sir, already muchT>f the business of ihc central
and southern portions of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, and the other States whose inter-
ests are sacrificed by this measure, has been forced
in that direction, and carried to New York at the
expense of Louisville, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Bal-
timore,and Philadelphia, and of the railroads and
canals of New Jersey. We have borne this pa-
tiently, so far, as a ''military necessity;" but it
is quite too much to ask us to submit to it forever
in peace, and pay the cost of the work besides.
Sir, this country and the House present at this
moment the most extraordinary spectacle ever
exhibited. Hete is but one among the many
^schemes for the appropriation of many millions
of dollars, ail similar in character to this. Noth-
ing is too monstrous to find entrance here. It is
one of the saddest signs of the times; one of the
most mournful evidences of the ruin of the coun-
try. It is the old stot y of sinpwieck, when pas-
sengers and crew, in the recklessness of despair,
break into the steward's room to plunder or de-
stroy whatever is most valuable.
Sir, I have spoken of this measure as though
it were materially to advance the interests of the
State and city of New York. But, in fact, it will
benefit only the contractors concerned m it, for
every man heio must know that the work will never
be completed. Why, then, this enormous in-
debtedness at a moment when the Govemmentis
fotced to i< ly upon its own promissory notes to
meet its ordinary expenditures day by day, und
to tax most onerously to pay the interest upon its
existing public debt and maintain its credit ?
Sir, 1 know well that there exists a thorough
organization to consummate the passage of this
measure, and that the " dumb eloquence of num-
bers" may prevail against all argument; but I
trust that at legist the members from the great
States and cities which I have named will be found
united as one man agaiust'it.
I piopose to yield now to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cutler.]
Mr. CUTLER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STEVENS. I must claim the floor, as the
time of the gentleman from Ohio has expired, or
nearly so.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
Mr. ROSCOE C.ONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is it not competent for any gen-
tleman entitled to the floor to yield it to whoso-
ever he pleases ?
The SPEAKER. He can do it only by unan-
imous consent, unless it be for personal explana-
tion.
Mr. PORTER. I trust the gentleman from Illi-
nois will not be so illiberal as to object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. How long does the gen-
tleman desire to speak?
Mr. PORTER . Not more than fifteen minutes.
Mr.WASHBURNE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. PORTER. I should not say one woid upon
the question before the House after the very able
discussion in opposition to the bill, were it not
that I wish to enter my solemn protest,as a Rep-
resentative of Indiana, against us passage. The
pretext upon which the bill wasoriginally urged—
that it was a necessary war measure—has been
dismissed. Theable and exhaustive report of the
gentleman from New York has so completely put
down that aigument that the only answer to the
report which has been attempted is in the curt
and seemingly uncivil woids of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Olin,] used for want, as I
must believe, of argument—that the report is "a
tissue of misrepresentations and misstatements."
It is, indeed, singularly true that since that report
has been made we have not heard the bill urged
by its friends upon the ground of its being a need-
ful military measure. They have not been will-
ing to risk that offense against the good sense of
the House.
The only argument upon which it is now just-
ified is that of commercial necessity; that it will
be of advantage to New York and New England,
and tend to develop the material resources of the
West. Sir, it would have been more fitting to
speak these, honeyed words abo.ut the West when
