1863.]'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
Sfan Cong....3d Sess.
Conscript Act—Mr. Ancona.
Ho. OF •
rolled and Armed slaves as a part of the militia of
the Union to kil! free white men. The war with
England was terminated I>y an honorable peace,
and not one "blue-light" sympathizer was ar-
raigned for treason.
A review of our political history up to the pres-
ent time shows that no previous Administration
ever infringed upon the primary and reserved
sovereignty of the States, or violated our national
Constitution. Not one of them, under a pretense
of " public necessity," presumed to invade the
rights of a citizen, either as respected his person
or his property; nor was there an attempt made
to destroy the established-institutions of the peo-
ple in the relations of private life. There were, no
doubt, frequent and many errors, but they were
venial and within the reach of redress. Our coun-
try has been prosperous to an unexampled de-
gree, and we nave advanced in all the arts that
embellish life.
We are now, however, I fear, in danger of fall-
ing from our high estate. The " powers that be"
are charged with acts of despotism and tyranny
subversive of the great charter of our libei ty, and
destructive of private rights. Some of these are
presented in the memorial I have submitted, and
which I ask you to consider with candor and fair-
ness. We are the sworn Representatives of the
sovereign people, and it is our duty " to take care
that no detriment happen to the Republic."
Let us, then, examine the objectionable matters
alleged without restraint. There are times when
evei y public agent should speak out. We ought
to know one anothei, if theie is ever to be confi-
dence again.
I will then, with your permission, present for
your consideration the grievances stated in the
paper of my constituent, with such other con-
nected political evils as I have heard suggested.
I will express myself without fear and without
favor, not as a partisan, but, I trust, as a patriot,
and i declare to you that I will—
nothing: extenuate,
Nor set down aught in malice."
In reading the viewsund arguments of my con-
stituent as stated in his petition, I think all will
agree that the President, as Commander-in-Chief,
has no power to declare martial law. All his func-
tions are executive, and are exclusively derived
from the Constitution, or from legislative acts.
He can enforce the " rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces," but he
cannot alter or add to them. The military code
of the United Slates can only operate upon " of-
ficers and soldiers," or those connected with the
Army. Civilians are exempt from such summary
sway. Within the limits of our whole country
citizens can be only held amenable to the regular
established judicial tribunals.
The Government of the United States is one of
limited and granted powers, and cannot exceed
them. As I have already quoted from Mr. Jeffer-
sou'sfirst message,u "ischarged with theexternal
and mutual relations only of the States; the States
themselves have principal care of our persons, our
property, and our reputation; constituting the
great field of human concerns." Our Constitu-
tion is formed m correspondence with those prin-
ciples, and distinctly declares that " the light of
the people to be secure in their persons, papers,
and effects against unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures shall not be violated," and that " no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law."
I say, then, that the arrests of citizens by mili-
tary or executive authority are unconstitutional,
and that whoever commits such an act of outrage
is liable to an action for d images in our courts,
from which responsibility no governmental power
can shield him.
1 say, further, that in our country there can be
no sucb tyrannic rule as martial law. It can only
exist where the will of a despot is supreme. The
political power of the United States Government
is derivative and delegated; the radical em pile ic-
mains m the people, and is exercised through their
respective State sovereignties. Personal liberty,
propel ty, social institutions, business transac-
tions, contracts, crimes, and generally all the re-
lations of private life, belong exclusively to them,
and aie regulated by laws emanating from the
popular will. The national authority cannot be
New Series—N o. 11.
exercised over their original rights, except so far
as granted control extends. Thus, Congress can
" raise and support armies,"and " make rules for
the government of the land and naval forces;" but
it cannot bring a civilian under any mode of mili-
tary jurisdiction.
1 dismiss the topics I have noticed now, to
consider another particular of alleged executive
usurpation—the "confiscation"of southern slaves
(fugitives not captured in battle) as a measure of
aggression justifiable by the usages of war. The
term, however, is erroneously applied, because
this kind of property cannot be put into the Treas-
ury. It is, therefore, the compulsory abolition
of slavery that is meant. Can this be done? 1
think it cannot, without a violation of the Con-
stitution. The right of the owner is guarantied.
But it is said they4 can be taken as booty. Before,
however, any such conclusion can be mainiamed,
our true position ought to be rightly understood.
A few days ago, I think, my colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] asserted our right of blockade by conceding
that the confedeiate States were a belligerent na-
tion regularly at war with us, and that we might
prevent neutrals from all communication with
them. If such is the case, 1 do not know what
we are fighting about. The general view of the
matter certainly is that many of the people of the
South are in a stale of revolt, resisting by arms
the authority of their Government, and that we
are endeavoring to compel them to return to their
allegiance. In a rebellion, then, as decided by good
authority, "the general laws of war, as between
separate nations, are only applicable so far as hu-
manity requires, to avoid reprisals, retaliation,
&c.,and in making exchanges of persons cap-
tured," &c.
Every citizen of the disloyal region who has
not actually taken part in the insurrection or
"given aid and comfort" to the rebels is stiii a
member of our great community, and is entitled
to us full protection. Indiscriminate plunder is
not allowable. What is found upon a reb<l in
ai ms may be seized with his person, but we ought
not to pillage houses, destroy farms, or set loose
slaves, calied contrabands," lest we rob the in-
nocent instead of the guilty.
I will proceed now, Air. Speaker, to notice,
merely, another executive act alleged by my con-
stituent in his memorial to be unconstitutional and
dangerous. The " proclamation" of the Presi-
dent, setting free the slaves on the 1st of Januai y,
is a measure, I believe, pregnant with more evil
than any single act dyne by one man. I will not
trust myself to speak of it m the light of history.
At that great day which is coming, when the
" books" shall be "opened," its enormity will
appear. I only ask this House to consider it so
far as legislative action may avail to arrest the
mischief.
I have done with executive acts. There are,
however, several governmental measures, sug-
gested as grievances in the paper 1 have presenu d,
for which redress is prayed. I feel it my duty io
ex pi ess my distinct opinion of these matters, as i
regard them every one as involving great personal
wrongs.
Redress for private injuries arising out of these
acts of legislation may not be easily attained,and
I would encourage a hope that Congress would
repeal their mistaken enactments before the mis-
chief is fully consummated.
The compulsory abolition of slavery in the Dis-
! trict of Columbia was, in my opinion, unconsti-
tutional. It was also an infraction of the agree-
ment of cession and a violation of the rights of
individuals. Perhaps it may be carried out with-
out any question, unless it may be hereafter as
to the unwarrantable application of the public
money.
The general "confiscation" bill, however, in
my opinion, is a repnuch to our country and the
enlightened humanity of the world. It inflicts
upon the childnn the penalties of the fathers'
crime. The law of God. as declared by Moses
and as given by Ezokiel the prophet, says, " the
son shall not bear the iniquity of the father."
Reason and conscience,also, revolt at hereditary
punishments. I will not enlarge on this partic-
ular, but only refer to our constitutional provis-
ions,and leave my constituent's memoiia! on the
point to the candid judgment of the House.
Mr. Speaker, it was my object to presenisome
of the views of my constituent as to the unconsti-
tutional acts of Government and its agents, and
to express my own opinion freely, but I hope
courteously. 1 have done so, and .only.say.as to
the plan he offers for the adjustment of thegreat
social evil, slavery, that it must speak for itself.
It proposes nothing that is not just, constitutional,
and practicable. There is no compulsory meas-
ure suggested. It appeals to thegood feelings of
slave-owners and oners to share with them the
pecuniary loss they incur by the sacrifice they *
make to Christian humanity.
I will conclude, sir, with a few words of kin4
appeal to my f« llow-members. We arc much di-
vided, I am sorry to observe, on this floor, but the
people we represent are also much disturbed. It
is not the principles or policy of the war itself that
causes such discordant opinions. 1 think that the
universal sentiment and feeling is that the firing
upon Fort Sumter was an act of rebellion, and
that it ought to be suppressed and polished. But
it is thought by very many that our military oper-
ations have nofbeen well directed,and that there
have been frequentacts of tyranny and oppression
alarming to freedom. The people now are as un-
willing to submit to martial law, arbitrary arrests,
and suspension of the habeas corpus, as they were
to suffer undertho sedition law of a former period.
Denunciation does not quiet them, nor will call-
ing them "sympathizers" and "traitors" calm ex-
citement. And when vituperation embraces a
great party it leads to conflict, not merely at the
polls, with the ballot in hand, but, perhaps, in
more desperate array, and with other weapons.
I undeistood the honorable gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Julian,] a few days ago, in debate on *
this floor, to say, " Hie Democrats only, from Jeff
Dtivis to the most God-forsaken rebel at his heels,
were in rebellion to-day." Again, he argued
throughout his speech that the Democratic policy
was the ally of treason and rebellion. He said it
whs because of the remorseless despotism which
the Democratic policy would certainly establish
that he denounced it, and plead with the President
to smite it with all the power of the Government
if he would save either his country or himself.
1 do not know that the member was the " guil-
lotine" man General Burnside heard addressing
the people, but the language is of like import.
Such vituperous rant does no good. It will not
create harmony and confidence here, nor will it
tend to restore our desolated country to Union and
happy intercourse.
L< t me say to the gentleman from Indiana, that
Democrats once put down "black-cockade" Fed*
eiabsm, elected Thomas Jefferson, and made this
a gieatand prospeious country; and 1 hope they
will soon also overcome, peacefully, by their votes,
the reign ofRepubltcan abolitionism,suppress the
rebellion, and reestablish our nation as one and
indivisible.
But the people will not be muzzled or chained.
They must be free to criticise the acts of the Ad-
ministraiion; and, if tin y choose, even 44 speak
with levity" of our highest functionary, without
being subject to seizure and incarceration. Fi-
nally, 1 propose that the memorial of my constit-
uent be printed for public examination, and let
an able committee report upon it. If the views
presented are wrong, let them be confuted; if they
are right, let remedial legislation be recommended.
This action will give unanimity here, and tend to
national union.
CONSCRIPT ACT.
SPEECH OF HON. S. E. ANCONA,
01? PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28,1863,
On the bill for enrolling and calling out tlie national forces,
and for other purposes.
Mr. ANCONA. Mr. Speaker, in passing my
judgment upon the various measures before this
Congress, I have thus far generally refrained from
comment upon their character, policy, and effects,
confining myself to the simple recoid of my vote;
and choosing rather by that silent yet important
record to express my assent to or disapproval
