162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
3tin Cons....3d Sess.
Conscript Act—Mr. Ancona.
Ho. of Reps.
and condemnation of the many questions involv-
ing the policy of the Administration in the con-
duct of the war now desolating and distracting
our Heaven-favored land, tending to destroy our
national unity, the foundation and bond of our
country's power and prosperity among the na-
tions, and threatening seriously the destruction
of our liberties and inestimable privileges as free
American citizens under the Constitution and the
law.
In the consideration of the bill (S. No. 511) en-
- tided "An act for enrftlling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes," now before
the House for its deliberation and concurrence, I
propose to avail myself of my right as the Rep-
resentative, in part, of the loyal, patriotic, and con-
servative people of a great State, to discuss its
provisions and to record my solemn protest, in the
name and behalf of my constituents, against its
passage in the form it is presented.
The preamble or introduction to the bill reads
as follows:
" Wliereas there now exist in the United States an in-
surrection and rebellion against the authority thereof, and
it is, under the Constitution ot the United States, the duty
of the Government to suppress insurrection and rebellion,
toguaranty to each State a republican form of government,
and to pteserve the public tranquillity; and whereas for
these high purposes a military force is indispensable, to
raise and support which all persona ought willingly to con-
tribute ; and whereas no service can be more praiseworthy
and honorable than that which is rendered for the mainte-
nance of the Constitution and Union, and the consequent
preservation of free Government: Therefore," &c.
In view of the policy upon which this war is
now conducted, as announced in the proclamations
of the President, issued in obediencc to and at the
behest of the revolutionary element of the Repub-
lican party, controlling its organization and di-
recting its action in Congress, represented in the
press, forum, and pulpit by such men as Greeley,
Phillips, and Beecher, I assert that this preamble
is a false pretense, and an attempted imposition
upon the people. 1 deny that it is the purpose ot
the party m power to either maintain the Consti-
tution or restore the Union. By their acts, not
professions, let them be judged.
When the people of the North were aroused to
a full sense of the indignity and humiliation the
national honor had sustained in the assault upon
and reduction of Fort Sumter, there was but one
sentiment among the people, without regard to
party, as to their duty to sustain the Executive
in upholding and maintaining the Federal author-
ity throughout the country. In response to the
President's proclamation and call for severity-five
thousand men to assert that authority, to repos-
sess the forts and other public property taken by
the insurgents, there was an uprising and rush to
arms on the part of the masses without parallel
m the previous history of the country or world.
Ft was enough for them to know that that starry
flag, emblem of unity mid libeity, representing a
gieat nation, respected upon every sea, protecting
the humblest of her citizens in every land, and
carried triumphant and in honor through every
contest in which the country united had engaged,
had been stricken down and trailed in the dust by
the fratricidal hands of its sworn supporters.
They hesitated not, though the call came from a
President who had not been their choice. There
was no longer any controversy as to the causes of
the impending war; no question as to responsibil-
ity forthisdiead arbitramentof the sword, which
four fifths of all the people had desired to avert and
firmly believed might have been averted by hon-
orable and just conciliation and-compromise, such
as had been presented and was embodied in the
Crittenden proposition. All differences of opinion
were cast aside. The maintenance and preserva-
tion of the Federal Union—the Constitution, the
bond of that Union—in the language of that stern
and honest statesman and patriot, Andrew Jack-
son, " the Union must be preserved," was the
universal sentiment of the people. For this pur-
pose, and this only, they offered freely and vol-
untarily their lives, their fortunes, and all that
was mostdear, abandoning the comforts of happy
homes and occupations, making every sacrifice
that a free, bravo, and noble race could offer to
support the bestof human Governments, secured
to and bequeathed them by their patriot sires in
the toil, privations, and blood of a seven years'
revolution. To preserve this unimpaired for them-
selves and posterity was, as they implicitly be-
lieved and trusted, the sole object to be attained in
the demand made upon them by the Executive.
With this call for troops came that for the as-
sembling of the representatives of the people and
States in Congress, that convened in special session
nearly three months after, to consider and act upon
such measures as they might deem necessary to
the public safety. Every proposition having in
view the suppression of the insurrection and res-
toration of the Federal authority under the Con-
stitution, by force of arms, met with an almost
unanimous support at that session. The Execu-
tive asked for four hundred thousand men and
$400,000,000—Congress granted him five hundred
thousand men and $500,000,000. The extraordi-
nary powers and means exercised and used by the
President withoutauthority of law, before the as-
sembling of Congress, were intended to be con-
firmed as set forth in a preamble and joint resolu-
tion proposed in the Senate from its Military Com-
mittee, to wit:
" Whereas, since the adjournment of Congress on the 4th
day ofMarch last,aformidable insurrection in certain States
of this Union has arrayed itself in armed hostility to the
Government of the United Stares, constitutionally admin-
istered; find whereas the President of the United States
did,under the extraordinary exigencies thuspresented, ex-
el cise certain powers and adopt certain measures for the
preservation of this Government, that is to say: First. He
did, on the 15th day of April last, issue his proclamation
calling upon the several States fur seventy-five thousand
men to suppress such insurrectionary combinations and to
cause the laws to be faithfully executed. Secondly. lie did,
on the 19th day of April last, issue a proclamation setting
on foot a blockade of the ports within the States of South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, and Texas. Thirdly. He did. on the 27th day of April
last, issue a proclamation establishing <i blockade of the
ports within the States of Virginia and North Carolina.
Fourthly. I/e did, by order, of the 27th day of Apiil last, ad-
dressed to the Commanding General of the Army of the
United States, authorize thatofiicer to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus at any point on or in the vicinity of any mili-
tary line between the city of Philadelphia and the city of
Washington. Fifthly. He did, on the 3d day of May last,
issue a proclamation calling into the service of the (Jmted
States forty-two thousand and thirtv four volunteers, in-
creasing the regular Anny by the addition of twenty-two
thousand seven hundred and fourteen men, and the Navy
by an addition of eighteen thousand seamen. Sixthly. He
did, on the 10th day of May last, issue a proclamation au-
thorizing the commander ot the forces of the United States
on the coast of Florida to suspend the wriiof habeas corpus
if necessary. All of which proclamations and orders have
been submitted to this Congress: Now, therefore,
Be it tesolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmcrxcain Congress assem-
bled, That all of the extraordinary acts, proclamations, and
orders hereinbefore mentioned, be, and the same are here-
by, approved and declared to be in all respects U-gai and
valid, to the same intent, and vwth the same effect, as if
they had been issued and done under the previous express
authority and direction of the Congress of the United
States."
These met with a quasi approval in the con-
firmation and legalization of all those acts sub-
stantially, in bills subsequently introduced and
passed with but little dissent or condemnation as
measures deemed necessary by the exigencies of
the occasion, though often extravagant and pressed
with undue haste ill becoming the deliberation and
dignity of an American Congress. The Admin-
istration thus having been clothed with all con-
stitutional, as well as, in the opinion of conserv-
ative and true men ofthe minority, many doubtful
prerogatives, untrammeled and almost unlimited
as to means, the people, united in the loyal States,
looked with confidence to a vigorous, faithful, and
successful use of those means to the end that the
rebellion might be speedily overthrown, the Con-
stitution as the foundation and basis of the Union
preserved intact, and the seceding States thus
brought back within its folds as equal and honored
members of one great nation.
The sequel is before us. The very first en-
gagement with the insurgents, within hearing of
this Capitol, prematurely brought on against the
better judgment of the military chieftain of the
nation, by the clamor of fanatics, enthusiasts, and
maddened partisans, brought defeat, humiliation,
and disgrace. The very capital itself was in dan-
ger of falling, and, as a consequent and incalcula-
ble calamity, the subversion and overthrow of the
Federal Government seemed imminent. With
renewed vigor and patriotism, notwithstanding
the discouragement and depression of defeat, the
people responded to the urgent demands of the
Administiation for volunteers. Pennsylvania, I
am proud to say, sir, appreciating the magnitude
of the war and the probable demands upon her
sons, was, as she had been before, first to come to
the rescue and protection of the capital—then, with
a noble corps, the Ringgold light artillery, from
my own city, in the van, organized, drilled, and
disciplined, ready to march at an hour's notice
upon the first sound of the tocsin of war, by an
intelligent and intrepid officer, who foresaw and
appreciated the danger of the coming storm; now,
her gallant reserves, ten thousand men, the flower
of her youth and manhood, well organized, dis-
ciplined, and armed, ready to do battle for the
Union, were there within a week.
I may not pass them by here without paying
a humble tribute to their efficiency, bravery, and
sacrifices in the many terrible conflicts they have
participated in, from the first engagement on the
Potomac at Drainesville, through the seven days
before Richmond, Antietam, and that most dis-
astrous and fruitless destruction of human life at
Fredericksburg. A remnant of twenty-five hun-
dred out of ten or fifteen thousand is all that is
left in their decimated ranks—a sad spectacle of
the waste and horrors of war! Their roll of
mourned and honored dead—numbering among
them the names of Black, Simmons, Biddle, Jack-
son, Bayard, and a host of others less conspicu-
ous, but none the less honored—attests their
efficiency and gallantry. Their reputation and
memories will ever remain dear to fame, and be
cherished in the hearts of their countrymen.
The order, system, and discipline, with esprit
de corps, established in the Army by the genius
of McClellan, for a season gave hope. His vigor-
ous and successful campaign in Western Virginia
promised like results on a larger scale on the Poto-
mac. And but for the vacillating policy of the
Administration, the disorganization and breaking
up of the grand army of the Potomac into inde-
pendent corps or military departments by the civil
heads, prompted and encouraged by the malignant
partisan spirit of the majority in Congress, aiding
in its consummation by its committees on the con-
duct of the war, and the bloodhounds of thtj parti-
san press and pulpit of New York and New Eng-
land, it is my solemn conviction that victory would
have crowned our arms everywhere, that the cap-
ital of the confederacy would have fallen, and its
junta of conspirators against our common coun-
try and most benign and perfect Government
been dispersed.
But, sir, it is useless to dwell upon the past
folly, blunders, corruptions, and maladministra-
tion ofthe Government, with the war perverted
now to an utterly impracticable and hopeless pur-
pose—the emancipation of that inferior race, the
negro, destined by nature and its irreversible laws
to be subservient to its superior, the white. No
presidential edict can accomplish it, and no legis-
lation can, if it were so designed, elevate the poor
and degraded African to an equality in social and
political privileges. The ignoring of State rights
and lines under this bill is clearly unconstitu-
tional. Its scope and many of its provisions tend
directly and openly to that end.
I recognize, apart from the objectionable feat-
ures which are presented in many of its details,
but one of that line of measures which seem to
be required for the successful carrying out of the
general policy of this Administration, and espe-
cially toestablish thatmonstrous novelty in Amer-
ican constitutional life, and dangerous assump-
tion, the " war power," the bloody goddess of
despotism, at whose shrine you see kneeling the
horde of greedy contractois, with all the para-
phernalia and circumstance of reality. The Con-
stitution is no longer the highest authority; there
is a "higher law" spiung upon the wondering
people in that new-fledged " war-poioer," and the
u bnion^ the old Union, is regarded as a thing
ofthe past, fit only to be sneered at.
"I will not stultify myself by supposing that we have any
wanant in the Constitution for this proceeding. This talk
ofrestoringihe Unvon as it was, under the Constitution as it
is, is one of the absuidities which I have heard repeated
until I have become about sick of it."
"This Union never shall, with my consent, be restored
under ^the Constitution as it is, with sJavery to be protected
Such were the words in which the policy of
the Administration was boldly announced on this
floor, by the recognized leader of that party, [Mr.
Stf.yens,] and they at once affirm the truth of the
