1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
37™ Gong....3d Sbss. Exclusion of Newspapers from the Mails—Jfr. Pendleton.
Ho. of UbpS.
charges brought against the party in power, and
disclose the secret motive for their many acts lead-
ing inevitably to that end.
What is there so objectionable in the old Union,
that makes its restoration so distasteful to that
party? Why do we justly abhor secession, if we
do not want the Union as it was? Why, then, do
our fellow-citizens, our sons and brothers in the
Army sacrifice life, and health, and "limbs for tins
same old Union, if we would not have it? Sir,
the utterance of such sentiments and purposes are
at this time and in this place abhorrent to me as
the very essence of disunion.
The invasion of the dearest rights ofthe citizen,
by arbitrary arrests and close confinement m mil-
itary prisons, without charge of offense, without
warrant of law, and without speedy trial in pub-
lic, confronted with accusers, before a jury of his
peers; the proposed action of this body to indem-
nify the authors of these outrages and usurpa-
tions, encouraging and, so far as an unconstitu-
tional enactment can, authorizing a continuation
of them by the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, have my most unqualified condemnation
and determined opposition.
The infamous impositions practiced upon my
constituents by the corrupt officials of the party
in power in the enrollmentof the people and con-
duct of the late draft of the militia in my State,
under the act of Congress of July last; the specu-
lations of and advantage taken by a swarm of cor-
morants of the necessities and circumstances of
many to extort by collusion and favoritism enor-
mous and most unjust fees, was the order for weeks.
Even unworthy members of that honorable pro-
fession, advocates of the law, were found engaged
m these unprincipled and truly "disloyal prac-
tices," until the dread of swift-coming and justly
deserved retribution of an outraged people caused
them to relent and ultimately abandon their nefa-
rious swindling operations. Are we, sir, to have
a repetition of these scandalous abuses under and
by the sanction of the Representatives of the peo-
ple here, in the passage of this bill m the form it
passed the Senate without division or dissenting
vote,as is claimed by its friends ? Upon that pre-
text it was proposed by the gentleman having it
in charge, "the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to press it to a vote without a refer-
ence for consideration to that or to any other com-
mittee, without discussion, and without the priv-
ilege to amend.
But, sir, to the eredit of the faithful few in the
minority, they boldly and successfully resisted,
with the rights and privileges wisely secured by
the rules and parliamentary law to them in all
legislative bodies, the perpetiation of such a
wrong; obtaining first the unconditional priv-
ilege of free discussion, and the right of amend-
ment restricted to one short hour, without discus-
sion or explanation. This was conceded, sir, not
by me, as the Representative of a stern, honest,
conservative, and liberty-loving people, who have
reposed,and renewed with unmistakableevidenccs
of approval and confidence in a majority of the
popular vote increased by thousands, this sacred
trust of guarding their interests, rights, and liber-
ties under the Constitution of their fathers with a
jealous eye and eternal, unyielding vigilance. No;
with the concurrence of these around me—Dem-
ocrats, fresh from the people, sustained, indorsed,
and approved as faithful Representatives in the
late elections—I shall make no concessions, no
compromise, enter into or agree to no arrange-
ment by which this bill, with all its odious feat-
ures, shall have the chance to become a law. I
will resist to the last hour of this Congress, now,
thank God, approaching the limit fixed by the
Constitution for its duration, and the termination
of its many ignominious acts, conferring despotic
power upon a faithless, corrupt, and imbecile Ad-
ministration, that has proved false to its solemn
oaths, registered in heaven, repeated pledges, and
sacred duty; an Administration at once unequal
to the emergencies and demands of the times, un-
able to appreciate their magnitude, and incapable
ofgtaspmgand successfully wielding the immense
poweis and resources of a great nation, freely,
lavishly placed at us disposal, almost without the
restueiions and safeguards of prudent legislation.
Yes, I hail with joy and congratulate the coun-
try upon this early and final dissolution of a
Congress that has been altogether subservient to
executive dictation, and blindly controlled by un-
limited patronage and an intense partisan organ-
ization, for the enactment of this and numerous
other schemes in violation of the Constitution,
reason, sound policy, and every principle of en-
lightened statesmanship and patriotism, destruc-
tive as they must inevitably be of public liberty,
rendering almost hopeless the restoration of the
Union as it was, of many sovereign and independ-
ent States, with a common history, one purpose,
inseparable interests, and a glorious destiny in
the future under one national flag.
i see nothing but an aggravated, hopeless, and
interminable revolutionary struggle so long as this
policy obtains and holds its unchecked sway, or
that anarchy which will bring all its horrors, des-
olation, and blood to our own doors, in the revo-
lution that its continuance and an attempt to en-
force this conscription will almost certainly pro-
duce. I would gladly endure all inconvenience of
a protracted and continuous session day and night
to the 4th of March, to avert this threatening ca-
lamity. I would counsel the majority to abandon
this bill, or so modify it as to make the requisi-
tions for additional troops through those channels
that are contemplated and required by the Con-
stitution and all laws; drafted, if need be, and or-
ganized from the enrolled militia of the States,
under their own constitutions and regulated by
their own laws; officered by men of their own
choice, commissioned by and under the direction
of their only legitimate heads, the Governors, and
for periods of seivice not exceeding that already
extended from three to nine months.
How can you expect the farmer, the mechanic,
and the poor laboring man, with a family depend-
ent upon the production of his farm, wrought out
by the sweat of his brow under the genial show-
ers and smiling suns of a beneficent Providence,
or on the skiil of the other and the toil of the
latter, who will be subject to the harsh provisions
of this relentless conscription, known only to and
enforced under some of the despotic monarchical
Governments of the Old World, to be dragged
from their homes, their helpless families, by mil-
itary satraps, for an indefinite service, in a cause
and for a pui pose they believe utterly wrong, use-
less, and impracticable? You propose an exemp-
tion upon the payment of $300. I shall make an
effort to amend the section containing this provis-
ion, reducing it to a sum within the reach of the
poor man—the man with limited resources and
large demands upon hispurseand hands by a nu-
merous family or other necessitous and peculiar
circumstances.
But, sir, I believe it to be the settled purpose
of the majority to secure the passage of tins bill
beyond the peradventure of loss between the two
Houses through material modification and amend-
ment here and non-concurrence hy the Senate. In
this they will doubtless succeed, for I perceive
now with sorrow and indignation, as I have often
lamented before when these obnoxious and per-
il ici o us measutes we re pressed tin ough this House,
a want of detei mined, united, and persistent ac-
tion in supportof the few in earnest opposition to
this bill, and who have borne the. bi unt of calumny
bo'h in and out of this House, with their motives
and purposes slandered and maligned, their ac-
tions and words misrepresented, suppressed, or
grossly perverted by venal officials through a cor-
rupt partisan press. I would, then, appeal for a
speedy return to that original and only sound pol-
icy ofa wai for the restoration of the Union under
and by the Constitution. I appeal, sir, in the
name of my own immediate constituents, in the
name and with the voice of the Demociacy and
other loyal Union-loving men everyvvheie, and
in behalf of the thousands of brave men, name-
less in rank, but, sir, of proud and honorable po-
sition, the rank and file ol our Aimy, who have
passed ihiough a dozen fierce battles lor the Con-
stitution and the Union, as they fondly believed,
now despondent and dispirited by the protracted
struggle, the inevitable leverses that were conse-
quent'to a departuie fiom that original and only
practicable object, ami mteiferenee wiili and final
removal of the gcner.il from command whose ge-
nius, &!ei ling patriotism, and love of country were
only equaled by Ins noble forbearance and silence
und'erall provocation, and who this day continues
to have the unbounded confidence of the Army
and the country, notwithstanding the cowardly
assaults in secret, and imputations unfounded and
unsustained by facts made by partisan malice and
envj here or elsewhere.
I demand and make it a condition of my fur-
ther support of this Administration with the nitons
to prosecute this war, that all these violations of
the fundamental laws shall cease; that the rights
and safety of the citizen guarantied by that most
sacred provision, the writ of habeas corpus, shall
be respected; that the shameless villains, traitors
of the deepest dye, who have in high places, in
the confidence and under the protection of the
Executive, plundered the public Treasury of mil-
lions, for which my people and yours are to be
heavily and interminably taxed, shall be turned
out, arrested, brought to trial, judgment, and con-
demnation before the civil tribunals of the coun-
try; that the emancipation policy announced in the
bulls of September 22 and January 1 shall be re-
voked and annulled, condemned as it stands in a
verdict of the people in the late elections not to be
misunderstood,announced intermsnottobe light-
ly disregarded or unheeded save with great peril.
1 demand, further, that the horde of incompetent
political generals, favored parasites of the Admin-
istration, drawing their pay, lounging about the
hotels, thronging the theaters and houses pf pros-
stitution and vice of this city, accursed with their
presence, or insulting their superiors and masters
the people by assuming to dictate to them a dis-
charge of their civil duties in accordance with their
interests and notions, shall be peremptorily dis-
missed the service they disgrace. And finally, I de-
mand, in the name of the American people, and in
behalfofthethousandsof faithful, true, and gallant
officers, and the brave and patiently suffering rank
and file of the army of the Potomac, that General
George B. McClellan be restored to supreme and
untrammeled command of the entire Army of the
United States, as their and my only hope of victory
and ultimate peace through negotiation, concilia-
tion, and compromise, not with the leaders of the
rebellion nor their present deluded followers, but
with the conservative loyal people, who will, when
properly encouraged by a magnanimous, Christian
spirit and policy in the prosecution of the war to
its only legitimate end, the restoration of the
Union, be ready to meet us in that spirit in a na-
tional convention, after a suspension of or term-
ination of hostilities, for the adjustment of all
subjects in controversy, and the securing of a
permanent, honorable, and enduring peace under
one and the same Constitution, the old flag, and
Union.  
Han the Postmaster General the Power to
Exclude Newspapers from the Mails!
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. II. PENDLETON,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1863,
On the report of the Judiciary Committee in favor of the
powei ot'tlie Postmaster Geneial to exclude newspapers
lrom the mails.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, this report
contains matter of vital importance. It ought to
arrest the attention of members, as it will certainly
arrest the attention of the country. It announces
the deliberate opinion of the Committee on the
Judiciary, that the Postmaster General has the
power, conferred by the Constitution 'and the
laws, to exclude from the mails all newspapers and
other publications which advocate views of public
policy in his opinion tieasonable or otherwise in-
jurious to the Government. This opinion touches
the sanctity of the post office; it touches the sanc-
tity of private conespondence. It is because of
the importance of the subject that I venture to
take the floor on this last night of the session, to
enter publicly and instantly my entire dissent from
the conclusions of the committee. I ask from the
House a patient hearing. The profound respect
which 1 entertain for the opinions of this able,
learned, and impartial committee, the elaborate
report which it has made, the necessity imposed
upon me, its most humble member, of combating
its conclusions, the gravity of the subject—all
awaken my diffidence, and warn me to ask an in-
dulgent attention.
