1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
is opening the Mississippi we will here open up I'
these channels of communication and defense east, ,
and then there shall be a general jubilee among (
all the " hard-fisted farmers" of the West. j
The gentleman told ns what might be done if |
this bill passed. Well, sir, I will not undeitake j
to say what might be done if this bill passes, but ;
I say to him that there is not a disloyal feel- |
ing in*my State which is going to rebel because 1
Congress happened to pass some measure which j
a portion of the people did not like. j
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman must not mis- :
state what I said. What I did say was that
this bill was a link in a chain of gigantic schemes,
which, if they were all put in operation by this
Congress, would have the effect of so increasing
the load of the national debt that it might incline j
too many of our people, to my regret, m this tur- j
bulcnt period, to turn their eyes some other way. j
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will not misrepresent
the gentleman. I say that the people of Illinois
will not revolt if Congress pass this or any other
measure. They will cling to the Union, under all
circumstances, as the ark of their covenant and
their salvation, now and forever. [Applause in
the galleries.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I would like the House to
listen for a moment to some statistics to which I
desire to call their attention in regard to this North-
west of ours that we are all so proud of, not only
because it is the Northwest, but because it is a
part of our glorious Union. What, sir, is its posi-
tion in the relation of feeding the world ? Look at
the total of the domestic exports of the country
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862. How
great were they, I ask gentlemen ? Let each man
answer in his own mind, and then compare that
answer with the result which I will state. H^re
it is:
Total domestic exports for the year ending June 30,1862, ex-
cluding specie   $181,^5,988
Breadstuff's and provisions   .$12-2,32!
Spirits, gram   32cM14
$.122,050,04'}
Add to this total domestic exports to Canada.. §11,750,069
Making total proceeds of cereal crop $133,400,112
Now be it observed, Mr. Speaker, that almost
all of this amount is invested abroad in articles
and merchandise paying a duty of not less than
twenty-five percent. It will, therefore, be per-
ceived that the sum returned through customs to
our Treasury is not less than $33,000,000.
And I ask gentlemen to look at other and fur-
ther figures on this subject, and consider the vast-
ness of the interest which has a right to demand
projection at our hands. Look at the products of
the" States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota, (with a popu-
lation of about nine millions,) as shown by official
tables for the year 1859:
Bushels.
Wheat   84,293,392
Com  392.289.63!
    li;<)39,332
caftw:::::;::::"".".": 7w10
Look at the amount of four hundred million
bushels of corn raised in one year, and then say
if it be not corn that is king.
These, sir, are facts that cannot be controverted
on this floor or elsewhere. This is a measure of
vital importance not only as a national measuio,
but it is also of most overwhelming importance,
incidentally, as a protection to the farmers of the
West. And 1 am glad, 1 am rejoiced that the State
of Illinois stands here to-day a unit. ISotwith-
standmg the lecture which was read to my Dem-
ocratic colleagues by the leader of the othrr side
of the House—1 m«>an the gentleman from the
Dayton district of Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham] -
our Democratic friends nom that State have stood
firmly with us on this side from the first. And
I desire here especially to compliment the Repie-
sentative of the extreme southern distiict of the
State—from Egypt—[Mr. Allen,] for he repie-
sents one extreme of the State and i the other.
Both of us come here indorsed by ahnut thirteen
thousand majority m our respective districts. He
represents that poition of the State winch would
derive least benefit from the construction of a
work of this description, and yet he 1ms beoii one
of its most steadfast and earnest supporters, be-
lieving the measure to be identified with the pros-
perity of the whole State and the whole coun-
try.
Mr. Speaker, as a great deal has been said about
what the Government has done for Illinois, let me
say that Illinois has never received one dime from
this Government that she has not repaid and more
than repaid. She has not only repaid it in dol- 1
lars and cents, but she has more than repaid it in
the patriotism and blood of her noble sons, so
many of whom have laid down their lives as vic-
tims of this accursed rebellion. Yes, sir, while
Pennsylvania is now drafting to fill up her quota
of troops, Illinois, a State that has been insulted
by a Representative ftorn Pennsylvania to-day,
has already in the field, without the necessity of
resorting to any conscription, ten thousand more
than her quota of soldteis. Yet she has received
none of the benefits of war. Pennsylvania has
had to draft, notwithstanding her $50,000,000 of
Government contracts in Philadelphia alone, and
untold millions in Pittsburg and all over the State.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Let me tell the gentleman
there has been no draft in Pittsburg.
Mr. W ASH BURNE. I did not say there had
been a draft m Pittsburg.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman referred
to Pittsburg.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I said that untold mil-
lions had been expended ill Government contracts
in Pittsburg and Philadelphia, and that, notwith-
standing all these Government favois, Pennsyl-
vania had to resoi t to a dralt to secure to the
Government her quota of troops, while Illinois,
without the stimulus of Government contracts,
had gone ahead of her allotment by ten thousand
men. Illinois, sir, has had very few contracts
from the Government. She has not had to have
her patriotism stimulated by "horse contracts."
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I am aware that there has been agood
deal of jealousy existing between the two great
States of New Yoik and Pennsylvania; but 1 did
not think the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means would manifest it out so plainly as he
has done to-day. I think it was Lord Stowell
who said that '■ambition breaks the ties of blood
and foigets the obligations of gratitude." Sir,
would he not, if he had lived in this day and been
listeningto the speech of thegentleman froimPenn-
sylvania, have Saul 1 iwit jealousy " breaks the tie^s
of blood and forgets the obligations of gratitude?"
I am not going to speak about this New York
part of the bill. The members from New York,
who aie its real friends, and not those whoare its
false friends, can speak for that State. I will only
say, that I consider the work as much a matter of
\ military iinpoitance to have the New York canal
' so enlarged that gunboats can pass through it to
defend Buffalo, Erie, Chicago, and other places
! on the lakes, as the enlargement of the Illinois
and Michigan canal, f consider it of the same
importance in that respect, added to the incidental
advantage which it would be to the people of the
Northwest to have that canal so enlarged that their
products might pass through it to the markets of
the woi111 at reasonable rates for fi eight.
I will trouble the House but a moment longer.
I have already stated that I had not intended to
speak at all on this question. U was only when
I saw the bold, concerted, and insidious attacks
upon the bill, 1 thought that it was impeiatively
demanded by the duty which I owed to my ■con-
stituents to raise my humble voice in defense of
their interests and the interests of the nation in
' this regard, i thought it was due to them to ask
i an American Congress notto forget that there was
; a Noithwest. Although this House may have
' forgotten it; although the chairman of the Oom-
' inittee of Ways and Means does not know it;
i although the Speaker of this House does not seem
to know it; yet, sir, there is a great and growing
! Northwest, whose voice must and will be lieaitl
sooneror later. The Speakersurely could not have
known it; he did not know that there were eight
million people in the Northwest, to whom ho
did not give a single representative on the Corn-
' mittee of Ways and Viea11s, which shapes all the
important legislation touching their interests on
1 that commit'a'e; N< w England lias-two, New \ ork
two, Pennsylvania and New Jersey two, yet the
great Noithwest, with eight million inhabitants
has not one. Surely, 1 say, the Speaker could
not have known that there was a Noithwest.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is doing great injustice to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Horton,] who is on the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not include .Ohio
in the States to which I have referred. I nllude
to tile States of Illinois, tq,wa, Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota. They havh not a
member on the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. He must not leave Ohio out'. She
is the first-born, the empire State of the North-
west.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Northwest has
leaped a great distance since Ohio was born. It
has leaped the barriers of the Rocky mountains,
and now kisses the waves which wash the golden
shores of the Pacific seas. What I have stated
I have uttered in no spirit of personal complaint.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker, it
ought to be slated, is not in the Hall.
Ml. WASHBURNE. I do not say what I
have said in any spirit of capttousness or com-
plaint. I have no personal complaints to make of
the Speaker; but I only call attention to the facts.
Does it not seem that the Northwest has been
overslaughed iji making up these committees?
That's all.
The Northwest is not alone interested in this
measure. The whole country is interested ill its
defense, and New England and the East are deeply
interested in its incidental advantages. Look to
the vast amount of our products. New York is
interested in it also. Let me say tlmt lam proud
to see New England come up to the support of
this measure; and I trust when the final vote is
taken that there will not be a single vote against
us from that quarter. The statistics show that
New England raises only breadstuff's enough to
feed her population for three wteks in the year.
I want to furnish her with the surplus she is obliged
to have, and I want to furnish it at the cheapest
possible rate. We invite New England men to
go with us and make a channel through which our
commerce will pass without paying an Algeririe
tribute to the present contracted channels which
are grinding the face of the poor by the amount
which they are putting every day upou fieiglus.
We want the handiwoik of New England,and
they want our breadstuff's. The people of the
West are an agricultural people. They are tillers
of the soil, and the result of their labors is seen in
the almost fabulous amounts of breadstuffs we
raise and send to market. We want to furnish
bre idstnffs to New England and New York. The
statistics show that New York raises breadstulls
enough only to feed herpopulation fur four months
in the year. Pennsylvania raises about enough,
and Ohio only three and a half million bushels of
wheat surplus. Are not these facts and figures
to be pondered? Do you wish to subject the toil-
ing millions of the East and the West to an eter-
nal tribute to monopolies which eat out their sub-
stance ? If you do then refuse to open this chan-
nel of communication. Refuse to defend our towns
and cities. Let the West know tliat. Let her
know that she is to have no defense for Buffalo,
Cleveland, Chicago, Detroit, Milwaukee, and
Erie, and that we are not to have, the incidental
adv,Ullages which that great national woik would
otfer by letting through our products ataieason-
able rate.
Now, sir, I trust that we may have a vote. Wo
have listened to seven speeches against this bill
in succession. 1 hope the House will not refuse
to second the demand for the previous question,
and let us have a vote at once. I believe that it
is due that we shall have n vote now. I appeal
to the fairness and magnanimity of the House
after this discussion to give us the question. As
my colleague [Mi. Kei.i.ogg] has said, if we are
to be beaten let it be done now, and do not kill
the bill by inches. There lias been allowed a full
and fair consideration of the measure, its oppo-
nents have been heard to a gieater extent than its
fi lends. If a great act of public, justice is to he
refused; if the national welfare is to be denied a
jusi consideration at the hands of this Blouse, let
the blow fall at once. 1 now demand the previous
question.
Mr. SEGAR, by unanimous consent, was per-
mitted to print remarks which he would have sub-
mitted if he had obtained the floor.
[Mr. Seoar's remarks will lie published in the
Appendix.)
