818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Personal explanation.
Mr. WALKER lask the unanimous consent
of the House to make an explanation personal to
myself.
There was no objection,
Mr/VVALICER. Mr. Speaker, I find in the
Globe of this morning the following, in the specch
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. "Wick-
XJFFEt]
" I read with regret an account of the proceeding?, par-
ticularly the letter of a Mr. Amasa Walker. <He was sick
of the Union.'"
That is a mistake; what I did say was this: " i
am sick of so much cant about the Union." I
farther said: " I am for the Union witli all my
heart and soul." That letter has been sent here
for the purpose, I suppose, of prejudicing a mem-
ber from Massachusetts. It was published there
fo bolster up the People's party, which, like Jo-
• nah'sgourd, sprang up and perished in one night.
It was the only capital it had in the campaign; it
was the capital on which they failed, and I sub-
mit that it ought now to be retired.
Mr.THOM AS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to say a word. What my colleague calls
a party was not strictly such. It was a union of
loyal men of great diversities of opinion, for the
support of the Union and Constitution, and op-
, posed to the extreme views of the State adminis-
tration. The vote against that administration was
enlarged from thirty-one thousand to fifty-four
thousand. One more such gain would lay it out
in the cold.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. When I first read the pro-
ceedings of this convention, assembled at Woi-
cester in 1857, for the purpose of dissolving this
Union, ( did not know who Amasa Walker was,
nor much did I care. I saw he was an abolition-
ist and in favor of a dissolution of the Union. I
only quoted substantially the important part of
the letter; and I will ask the privilege of having
it read in full by the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBtJRNE. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) It can only be read by unanimous
consent.
_ Mr. WJCKLIPFE. The letter will spnalr for
itself, and I will mul it myself, as objection is
made.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 wish to
say, in relation to my colleague from Massachu-
setts, that I believe him to be entirely loyal, and
that he always has been.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to any further
proceedings of this kind. If I had supposed any-
thing of this kind would arise out of this expla-
nation, I would not have yielded in the first in-
stance. *
Mr. WfCKLIFFE. I was upon the floor, and
am still entitled to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman ]
from Illinois was upon the floor, and yielded torn- i
porarily, and he has the right to resume the floor j
whenever lie chooses. j
Mr. COX, 1 rise to a point of order. The 1
gentleman from Kentucky was upon the floor by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I supposed I was.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, lie was upon
the floor by the consent of the gentleman from
Illinois, who had moved the pluvious question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not ask his [Mr.
Washburne's] consent, but the consent of the
House. I knew I should not get his consent.
1 he SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of oidcr.
STEVENS. Does the gentleman from
Illinois intend to get a vote upon this measure
to-night?
Mr, WASHBURNE. I want to get a vote
to-night, I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STLVLiNS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
February
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An aet(H. R. No. 610) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30t!i of June, 1864, and for a deficiency for the
signal service for the year ending June 30, 1863;
An act (H. R. No. 636) concerning the district
courts of the Territory of Washington;
An act (PI. R. No. 720) to make the State of
Wisconsin a part of the ninth judicial circuit;
An act (S. No. 127) for the relief of Isaac Van-
derpoel;
An act (H. R. No. 665) making appropriations
for the service ofthe Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864;
Joint resolution (S. No. 118) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of R, A. Clements,'administrator of James N.
Mullicon;
Joint resolution (S. No. 122) to confirm the ad-
verse decision ofthe Court ot Claims in the case
of AlexanderD. Anderson, administrator of John
Anderson;
Joint resolution (S. No. 120) to confirm the ad-
verse decision ofthe Court of Claims in the case
of David D. Mitchell; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 121) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of John Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks.
Mr. WASH BURN E. If the main question can
be ordered, and an hour fixed when the vote shall
be taken on Monday, we will consent to an ad-
journment. [Cries of "Let us agree to that,"
and No !" " No !"]
The ^SPEAKER pro tempore. The Delegate
from Nevada [Mr. Oradlebaugii] requests the
Chair lo put the question to the House, if he can
have leave to print a speech.
No objection was made, and leave was granted.
[Mr. Craolebaxjgh's speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 62; as fol-
lows:
YEA?—William Allen, Ancona, Babbitt, Railv,
Diddle, Rmglmin, ftumiel rt. Blair, Blake, William G.
Hrmvn, C;ilv<-i t, Clements, Cohb, I'tedenck A. Conklm^,
Kor coi; Cuufilmjj, Covode, Cox, Cnsfield, Ciittemlen, Cut-
j lei. Dins i j, Edgerton, Grider, Hall, Hair^on, Hickman, IJol-
mau, Johnson, Kellcy, Kcrriaati, Law, Liizenr, McKnight,
McPheisou, Mallory, M«iv, Mnynard, Menzie>, Mitchell.
Mooihead, Justin «, Morrill, Morn*, Noble. Norton, Odd!,
Pendleton. Timothy G. Pholps Potter, I'uee, Alexander
II. Uico, Shank", Kliullalmrgcr, Shiel, William G Steele,
Stevens, Siraitou, Hpjyamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
I rnnble, Vnilandighain, Verree, Wads-worth, Whalcy,
WtckhfFe, and Worcester—G4,
NAYtf—Mes-sr**. Aldnch, William J. Allen, Allev
nold, A-diley, Baker, Ruxtei, Beaman,13uli'mton,Chau
William KHlogs. Kn.ipp. Landing. Looting Lovejov, M,u>~
j ton, Oiin. Pike, Potter, John 11." Rtee, Riddle, Kr\l>n >on,
Edwaid II. Rollins, Saigent, Segar, rihefheld, Sherman,
Sloan, Smith, Spaulding. Van Horn, Van VaJkenbiirgh,
Van W\ek, Voorhees, Walkei, Waid, Wa-hlmrne, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Window, and Woodiuff—62.
So the House (at a quarter before five o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
I hope the gentleman
1 call for the yeas and
Mr. WASHBETRNE.
is not going to filibuster
Mr. PENDLETON.
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bill« and resolutions of t4ie i
^ IN SENATE.
Monday, February 9, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland,
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
communicating, m answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 2d instant, information as to what
regiments have not been paid up to the 31st of Au-
gust, 1662; which was refined to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also Inid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, m answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 5th instant, information relative to
what part of the compensation paid to collectors
of customs in certain districts is derived from fees,
and what part'from storage; which was ordered
to lie on the table, ami be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
recommending an appropriation of $2,449 96 to
paid to H. H.Jones und H. M. C. Brown, the
balance due them as compensation for their ser-
vices in the execution of a contract with (he In-
dian department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
credentials presented.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the credentials of
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade, elected by the-Legis-
lature of Ohio a Senator from that State* for the
term of six years from the 4th of March next;
winch were read, and ordered to be placed on fik).
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented resolutions of the As-
sembly of the State of New York in favor of a
reduction of the duties on imported priming pa-
per; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the Assembly
| ot the State of New York in favor of a general
i bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie on t>he
' table.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of ship-own-
ers of New Yoik, praying that the publication of
the charts of the Coast Survey and the Nautical
Almanac may be extended so as to providefor
the publication of all necessary charts and books
of sailing directions; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of merchants and
bankers of New York praying that legal tender
notes may be made receivable for custom-house
duties; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented additional papers in support
j of the claim of the heirs of Joshua Chamberlain;
which were referred to the Committee on Revo-
! lutionary Claims.
He also presented a memorial of Thomas Ainge
Dewyr, presenting a scheme of finance for the
support of the Government and the regulation of
the national currency; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial vf
George W. Kendall, of New York , and Otis Kim-
ball and Augustus Arnold, of Bath, Maine, pray-
ing for the issue of an American register to the
steamship Karnak; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NESMITH presented the memorial of H.
R.Crosbie,praying tobe reimbursed for expenses
incurred in behalf of the Government in connec-
tion with the disputed northwestern boundary
line between Great Britain and the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports from committees.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Miliu'a, to whom the
subject was referred, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 509) to provide for the
| organization of a signal corps, to serve during the
[ present war. The bill was read,and passed to a
: second reading; and the report was ordered to ba
I printed.
! Mr, MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
i meroe, to whom was referred the memorial of B.
| C. Bauey, praying for remuneration for damages
sustained by him m the seizure of the ship Argo,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
510) for the relief of B. C. Bailey. The bill waa
read, and passed to asecond reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsylvania, widow ofthe
late Captain Henry Henry, of the United States
Navy, praying for the passage of an act allowing
her a pension at the rate of fifty dollars per month,
from the death of her husband, on the 26th of
July, 1858, reported adversely thereon.
He also, trom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S.No. 497) for the relief of
Sarah F. Berryman, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 724) to amend
an act entitled "An act to grant pensions, ap-
proved July 14,1862, "reported adversely thereon.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling out the ra-
tional forces, and for other purposes; "wfeich^Nts
read, and passed to a second readirfg.
Mr. GRIMES. The select committee"
