164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
3?th Cong....3d
Exclusion of Newspapers from the Hails—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Heps.
The resolution of the House of Representatives
instituting this inquiry, is in these words:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report to the House, at an early day,
by what authority of Constitution and law, if any,thePpst-
mastecGeneral undertakes to dccido what newspapers may
and what shall not be transmitted through the mails of the
United States."
The inquiry is very limited, and in its nature
is very simple. It does not relate to the power
of Congress over the mails, nor to the policy of
passing laws on that subject, if Congress have
the power, nor to a possible conflict between the
Federal and State laws in relation to the circula-
tion of moil matter. Itdoes not involve the ques-
tion whether, under any circumstances, the pub-
lic safety would be subserved by excluding any
newspapers from the mails, nor the definition of
those circumstances if it were held to be sometimes
desirable, nor yet the further question w-hether
such exclusion could be more safWy intrusted to
the discretion of a Postmaster General than to cer-
tain fixed rules prescribed by an act of Congress.
It does not involve the inquiry whether the pres-
ent Postmaster has exercised such power wisely
or with proper motive, or even whether he has
assumed to exercise it at all. These questions,
however interesting or important, have not been
referred to the committee. What authority do
the Constitution and the laws already enacted
confer upon the Postmaster General to decide
what newspapers may and what shall not be
transmitted through the mails? This is the only
cjuestion submitted; and its answer must be found
in the Constitution and the laws.
The committee has not confined itself to these
narrow limits. Itdetermined " that in responding
to the resolution of the House it was important
to know whether certain newspapers hud been
excluded from the mails, and if so, their character,
and under what circumstances," and applied to
the Postmaster General for the information. His
letter in response shows that the grand jury in
New York presented five newspapers as " sympa-
thizers with the rebellion," and stated that u the
conduct of these disloyal papers is, of course, con-
demned and abhorred by all loyal men; but the
grand jury will be glad to learn from the couit that
it is also subject to indictment and condign pun-
ishment," and that thereupon he excluded from the
mails those papers, and seven others whose conduct
lie behoved to he of the same character. The com-
mittee assume that the teachings and opinions of
these papers were dangerous to the existence of
the Government, that their conductors were actu-
ated by motives hostile to its welfare, and by a
desire to dismember the Union, or, to use the lan-
guage of the Postmaster General, *4 that they were
disseminators of treason, and instigators of the
highest crimes known to the law," and argue at
length that such publications ought not to be
transmitted through the mails.
For the sake of the argument, it might be ad-
- mitted that the assumption is well founded, and
that it is very desirable that papers promulgating
such doctrines ought not to be circulated by the
agency of the post office—does it therefore follow
that the Postmaster Genera) ought to ha\e au-
thority to decide what papers come within this
category, and to pronounce the sentence of ex-
clusion? Does it therefore follow that such au-
thority has been given to him? The entire fair-
ness of the mode of reasoning adopted by the
committee may be questioned. If it be necessary
to state the circumstances under which the power
has been exercised, in order to determine whether
in fact such power lawfully exists, then it is proper
to state that these newspapers thus presented
were found by the court to be contravening no
law, that their publication and circulation were
not prohibited, that their publishers and editors
had incurred no penalty, and that their opinions
were in accordance with those of a large body of
citizens,upon whose voluntary subscriptions they
were dependent for support; and that being thus
within the pale of the protection of the law, they
■were excluded from the mails because it was sup-
posed that the circulation of their views and the
reasoning on which they were founded, would so
far influence thejudgment and convictions of the
people as to embarrass the successful execution
. of tie policy of the Administration,
What authority do the Constitution and the law
confer on the Postmaster General?
The Constitution provides that " Congress
shall have power to establish post offices and post
roads." No power over the subject is given to
any other department of the Government. No
other power is given to Congress. The Postmas-
ter General is not an officer named in the Consti- j
tution; his office is not created by it. Itisestab- !
hshed and regulated by law, having such func- 1
tions, and none other, as are prescribed by law. •
The powers, rights, and duties of the Postmaster
are those, and only those, conferred and enjoined
by the acts of Congress, in pursuance of the grant
of power to establish post offices and post
roads;" they are not derived from the Constitu-
tion.
The acts of Congress establishing post offices
have created the office of Postmaster General, and
assigned to the person holding it the performance
of certain duties. These duties are accurately
defined; they relate to the management of the
complicated machinery of the Department neces-
sary to the transportation of the mails, and the
accountability of the vast number of subordinates
whom that machinery necessarily employs, and
are thus briefly summed up in the act of March
3, 1825:
" He shall also superintend the business of the Depart-
ment in all the duties which are or maybe aligned to it.1'
He is the mere agent of Congress; the hand by
which it executes its will in relation to the post
office, having no other function than to see that
the Department performs the duties which Con-
gress may assign to it. The power to determine
what matter is fit to be carried in mails has not
been granted to him; on the contraiy, Congress'
has teserved to itself that pow« rand has exercised
it. By the act of 3d Maich, 1840, u is provided:
•'That mailable matter, or matter properly transitu Uihle
by mail, shall be deemed andtnkeu to mean al! letters and
nvwspaper.s, and all magazine*and pamphlets penodically
published, or which may be published in regular series, or
in j-uccesriive number* at irregular interval!-, and all other
written or printed matter wheieof each number or copy
shall not exceed eight ounces m weight."
And in order to secure the transportation and
delivery of all such "mailable matter," severe
penalties have been denounced against any per-
son, whether postmaster or other person, who
shall detain or take or embezzle or destroy it.
By the act of March 3, 1825, it is provided:
" That if any person employed in any department of the
post office shall improperly detain, delay, embezzle, or de-
stroy any newspaper, or shall permit any other per-on to do
the like, or shall open, or permit any other p'*rt-on to open,
any mail or packet of new«*papen not doeetrd to the office
where he is employed, such offender -•hall, on conviction
theteot. foiicita sum not exceeding fifty dollars for every
such offense; and if any person *lmll take or s-teal any
packet, has, or mail of newspapers irom or out of any po-t
otfiee, or fiotn any person having custody thereof, «.uch per-
son shall, on conviction, be punished by impugnment." ,
And by the acr, of July 2, 1836, it is provided:
u That if any postmaster shall unlawfully detain in Ins
j office any h-tter, package, pamphh t, or n<-«\-paper, with
| intent to prevent the antval and delivery oi the same to the
! person or persona to whom such letter, pamphlet, or news-
; paper may be addressed oi d'reeted, in the umui! com->e of
| the transportation ol the mail along the mute; or if said
postmaster shall, with intent as aforesaid, give a piefcrence
toan> letter, package, pamphh-t, or newspaper over another
which may pa^s tlnough his> office, by forwauhng the one
and retami'n^ the othei, he shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined in a sum not exceeding $300, and bo imprisoned lor
| a term not exceeding: six months; and shall, moreover, be
lorevei tlu-reaffr incapable of holding the office of po t-
: master of the United States."
j In   exception is made in the laws in behalf of
• the Postmaster General. He comes within the
I designation of "any person employed in any
department of the post office," and is subject to
! the penalty. Nor is any power given to him
i to define the duties of the deputy postmasters, or
! to remit the penalties incurred by reason of a fail-
' ure to perform the duties appointed by the act. In
a word, the entire regulation of the post office
having been confided to the discretion of Congress
alone, Congress has undertaken to exercise, not
to delegate that discretion. It has provided by law
what shall be transmitted by the mat', and has
secured Us safe and speedy transmission by affix-
j ing severe penalties to the offense of taking, steal-
| ing, opening, delivering to another persorTthan to
j him to whom it is directed, any such matter. The
| laws are plain and imperative. The Postmaster
• General is invested with no discretion. He has
no authority to order one of these offenses to be
committed. His previous order would not make
it less criminal. His subsequent ratification would,
not shield the offender from indictment and con-
viction, nor in any degree relieve him from lia-
bility to the party whose private rights may have
been injured. If he cannot justify the act of his
deputy in violation of the law, done by his express
order, he cannot with impunity do the act himself.
It is nothing to the purpose to say that a dis-
cretion to exclude certain matter from the mails
ought to be intrusted to some person, otherwise
the Post Office Department might easily be made
the instrument of injury to the Government. Con-
gress has not thought so. It has refused to intrust
that discretion to any officer; it has refused to pass
a law regulating such exclusion; it has thought
the danger from a free use of the mails less than
the danger of attempting, either by general law or
by the exercise of discretion in particular cases,
to discriminate between publications permitted by
law. The danger is great that such   discretion
would, in times of excitement, be prostituted to
purposes of partisan advantage or of personal ill
| will, and that the use of the mails would be per-
I mitted or denied as the parties desiring it might
' happen to agree in their political or personal rela-
tions with the Postmaster General; while the dan-
ger to the well-being of the community from the
circulation through the mails of a paper whose
publication or circulation by other means cannot
be legally prevented, is small indeed. The facility
of distribution by means of the mail i8 great, by
reason of its cheapness and the regularity and ex-
tentof its movements; but the express companies,
the railroads, the public conveyances, the tele-
graph, have deprived the post office of the mo-
nopoly which it once enjoyed, and have released
intelligence and thought from their dependence
upon it for transmission.
Nor is it to the purpose to imagine a case where
the life of a man, or the peace of a community,
depends upon the stoppage of a letter or paper
passing through the mails, and to deduce a legal
power to exclude matter from the mail from the
approval with which the stoppage of that letter or
paper would be met. There might be a moral
justification in disregarding the law; frequently,
in the vicissitudes of human affairs, there is such
a justification. The act is, however, no less a
breach of the law; and because it is so, the power
of pardon is generally lodged in some proper offi-
cer of the Government. There is a significance
in the fact that this power is rarely, if ever, com-
mitted to the judge or jury, or any other person
especially charged with the interpretation or exe-
cution of the law.
|i And yet on these two propositions—that the
!] public good requires that the power to exclude
Ij certain documents should reside somewhere, and
j| that in some instances the flagrant wrong about
| to be consummated by means of the transmission
i of a letter or paper would justify its exclusion
! from the mails—the committee have built up the
| whole argument in favor of the existence of this
! power in the PostmasterGeneral. These consti-
j tute the whole strength, or, if I may use the ex-
I pression without disrespect, the whole weakness
! of the argument. The committee uses this lan-
;! guage:
'j "Should at any time, and n^peciallv during a rebellion,
;i any Depai tment of the Government fi' d that thlough any of
s; its subordinate? or agencies treasonable publications are
tiansmitted to the enem\ or distributed to the people, it
ji would unque.-tionabSv be tin: duty of the head oft-ueh De-
'i partmcnt. and ail subordinates cognizant of f-uch acts, to
prevent, m all possible manner, the publication and trans-
i; mission of all such treasonable matter.'-*
II I will not stop to criticise the language here
ii used, nor to inquire whether any newspaper de-
!' signed to circulate publicly within the United
jj States can be treasonable within the meaning of
p the Constitution; nor, for the moment, will I dis-
i, cuss the right or the duty of any person to prevent
|j the circulation of any newspapers by any means
whatsoever. For the sake of the argument, I ac~
ji cept the words just as they are used, with the
J. meaning attached to them by the committee, and
! admit that the circulation and distribution of such
papers ought to be prevented. Even then the truth
of this proposition is seriously questioned. It is
by no means ,s unquestionably" true. The duty
41 to prevent tht? circulation and publication*' by
