THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, |>. 0. -
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1863.
New Series No. I
by the Senate to investigate the subject of Army
transportation, under resolutions adopted on the
22d and 23d of December last, have instructed
me to report in writing. I move that the report
and accompanying- papers be printed, and that
the committee be discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the subject.
The motions were agreed to.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following res*
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-t Roads be instructed to inquire into the necessity of
granting preemption rights far stations to the Overland Mail
Company.
SALES OF GOVERNMENT COTTON.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
jRe*o/rerf,That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to the Senate the amount ot" Government
cotton sold i.i New York since the blockade of the southern
port*, the times when such sales were made, by and to
whom sold, the amount of commissions paid, to whom paid,
and the expense* of storage; also, the naine> of all persons
in any way mtere&ted m such bales.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which there-
upon received the signature of the YicePresident:
A bill (H. R. No. 658) to promote the efficiency
of the commissaiy department; and
A bill (H. R. No. 265) to authorize the Court of
Claims of the UnitedStates to hear and determine
the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston, de-
ceased.
M. MKRCIKlt's VISIT TO RICHMOND.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer a resolution of inquiry,
to whicii I suppose there will be no objection; and
if there be none, I ask that it may be considered
now:
Resolved, That the President of the United State* be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interests, the character of the suggestions
made hv the Secretary of State of the United States to M.
Mercier, the representative of the Kmperor of the French
to this Government, as narrated in his communication to
M. Thouvenel, under date of the J3th ot April la^t, which
induced M. Meir-m to undertake his mission to Richmond
in that month, and what representations, If any, he was au-
thorized to make from this Government, or from the Secr?-
tary <Jf State, to the confederate authorities.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
515) to disapprove of the twenty-sixth section of
the act of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, and for other purposes; whieh
■was read twice by its title, ana referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bili (S. No.
513) to raise additional soldiers for the service of
the United States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. As I may desire to offer this
bill as an amendment to a bill that is now pending
before the Senate, I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HIGHWAYS IN "WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Mr. GRIMES. There was a sort of under-
standing on Saturday that at half past twelve
o'clock to-day the Senate would proceed to the
consideration of business relating to the District
of Columbia. I therefore move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bili No. 337.
Mr. SHERMAN. Atone o'ciockj shall make
a motion to postpone this and all other business
in order to take up the bill in reference to a na-
tional currency*. I shall not interfere with the
Senator before that time.
52
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
337) extending the time for carrying into effect
the provisions of the third section of the act en-
titled "An act relating to highways in the county
of Washington and District of Columbia," ap-
proved May 3, 1862, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The period named in the
third section of the act relating to highways in the
county of Washington and District of Columbia,
approved May 3, 1862, requiring that the roads
designated in that section shall be surveyed, plat-
ted, and recorded, within one year from the pas-
sage of that act, is by this bill to be extended to
three years; and the levy court of Washington
county is to cause the survey, platting, and re-
cording of such roads, in each year, as it may
deem proper and necessaiy; but they are all to be
so surveyed, platted, and recorded, within the
period of three years. The bill also provides that
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, may fill any vacancy that may here-
after occur in the levy court.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to add the following, as
an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the President shall have
power to remove any justice of the peace in the Distuct
o( Columbia, whenever, in his judgment, public interest or
duly shall require it.
Mr. CARLILE. I aek for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 offer this amendment on the
suggestion and at the request of the Attorney
General. He stated to me tnat there was no doubt
now as to the power of the President to thus re-
move a justice of the peace; but to put it beyond
all cavil or controversy, he would prefer that such
an amendment should be appended to some bill.
The necessity has been developed during the last
twelve months. For instance, one justice of the
peace, I am informed, has become a very exten-
sive dealer in lottery tickets. Such a man as that
ought not to remain in the position he occupies;
and the President of the United States ought to
have (if he has not now, though 1 suppose he
really has,) authority to remove him. It is con-
trary to public policy and good morals that a man
carrying on such a profession should remain a
magisliate. I do not know whether it be the fact
that any magistrate is engaged in that business;
but 1 am so told.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa if he knows of any single State
where the Governor, upon his own mere will, can
remove any judicial officer?
Mr. GRIMES, i know of some States where
they have the authoiity to remove magistrates,
and in other States magistiates can be tried by an
impeachment. It can hardly be supposed that we
would enter upon the impeachment of one of these
ofliceis. That is the only way now, unless the
President has the authority to remove him under
the laws as they now exist, by which we can get
rid of an improper magistrate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will suggest to the
Senator that we might confer the power on other
tribunals; we might confer it on the courts. If
this man has violated the law by having a lottery
office, indict him in one of the courts, and that
would vacate the office as a matter of course.
You might confer the power either upon the courts
or upon any of the city authorities.
Mr. GRIMES. I used this case of the lottery
dealeras an illustration. I do not know that there
is any man engaged in that kind of business,
though I have been told so.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Iowa allow me to ask him whether, according to
the laws that now exist in this District, a justice
of the peace cannot be indicted for malfeasance in
office, and, upon conviction, be removed by the
court? I think that is the provision of the law now.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what the laws
of the District of Columbia are; and I have never
found a man who did. When I first commenced
serving on the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia I endeavored to inform myself as to the
condition of the laws here. I went to a lawyer
and secured the law books, and they went bask
as far as 1637, when the General Assembly, of the
Colony of Maryland was assembled at St. Mary
below here. I found that some of thg laws that
were in force as early as that, more than two hun-
dred years ago, are in force to-day. Whether
there may not be some such law as that on the
Maryland statute-book I am not prepared to say.
I do not know of any tew of the United States to
that effect. I do not think that Congress hasever
passed any such law. There may have been a law
of that description m force in Maryland before that
State ceded the District of Columbia to the United
States. It has been proposed to me to amend the
amendment so that the President of the United
States may be authorized to remove the justices
with the consent of the Senate.
ThePRES1DINGOFFICER. Itiscompetent
for the Senator to so modify his own amendment,
and it is so modified.
Mr. CARLILE. This involvesavery import-
ant principle, placing it in the power of the ap-
pointing power to remove a judicial officer. The
principle we started upon in 'this country was that
the judiciary should be rendered as independent
as possible. In the State of Virginia, and I pre-
sume also in the State of Maryland, there are laws
by which any justice of the peace, guilty of im-
proper conduct or malfeasance in office, can be
presented by a grand jury, indicted, tried, and
ousted from his office, i understand, further, that
the justices of the peace appointed for this Dis-
trict are appointed for the term of two years, and
at this time there is not more than one justice of
the peace in the District of Columbia, unless the
Senate has—which it may have done, as I have
not been present at an executive session recently
—confirmed the appointments recently sent in by
the President.
Mr. GRIMES. How is that?
Mr. CARLILE. The commission of every
justice of the peace in this District, with the ex-
ception of probably one, has expired.
Mr. GRIMES. I can inform the Senator that
there are not less than eighty justices of the peace
in this District—that is my impression—at this
time.
Mr. CARLILE. Have there not been renom-
inations sent in >
Mr. GRIMES. There arc, I think, twenty
sent to us; perhaps a few more. There are about
one hundred justices in this District.
Mr. CARLILE. I take it that the laws of
Maryland on this subject arc in force in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Unless there has been some
change by act of Congress, they are certainly still
in force here; and I am informed by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] that the same
law is in force in Maryland that we have in
Virginia authorizing the trial, by.the courts, of
charges against justices of the peace,and their re-
moval by the courts in the event that the charges
are sustained. I am opposed to putting the jus-
tices of the peace at the will and pleasure of the
President, liable to be removed at any time. I do
not pretend to say that tht power would be exer-
cised in any but proper cases by the present Ex-
ecutive, but it is a power that 1 would lodge with
no man. The Executive may consider that the
public interests may require that there be no jus-
tice of the peace in the District of £olumbia, that
there shall be really no civil administration of
justice here, and that this people shall be entirely
under the control of a military force and a mili-
tary jurisdiction.
I trust that the amendment may not be adopted.
If there is any legislation necessary to get rid of
an improper officer, or a justice of the peace who
is a dealer in lottery tickets, it is a very easy mat-
ter for the committee of which the Senator from
Iowa is at the head to introduce a bill here, and
it can be passed at any moment, conferring such
a power on the courts of the District; or, instead
