818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
of haying the. term of office of the justices limited
to two years, Let them hold it at the pleasure of
the President; change the term.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the Senator from
Virginia is mistaken when he says that the re-
moval of a judicial officer by the Executive is an
innovation oh the practice of the Government.
When Mr. Fillmore was President of the United
States, and Mr. Crittenden was his Attorney Gen-
eral, an application was made to remove a judge
of the supreme court of Minnesota, and the matter
was referred to the Attorney General, and Mr.
Crittenden prepared a very able opinion in which
he decided it might be done, and the judge was
removed. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Minnesota was u Terri-
tory then.
Mr. WILKINSON. Minnesota was a Terri-
tory, and the judges were appointed by thePres-
idint for four years; and under that decision of
the Attorney General Mr. Fillmore removed the
chief justice of the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been the prac-
tice of all the Presidents, at least for many years
past. Mr. Pierce did it; Mr. Buchanan did it;
and very many of the Presidents have appointed
and removed territorial judges at their will. It
has been the understanding for years that it could
be done.
Mr. CARLILI3. Are they appointed for a term
of years ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. For four years; and the
President has exerciscd authority to remove them.
There has been some discussion about it since I
have been in the Senate. Some of the Senators
will remember Uiat the case of Judge Letompte,
of Kansas, was discussed here at one time. The
power has always been conceded. It has been ex-
ercised by all the Presidents of late years. I luive
not looked back to see how far, but 1 know it was
done by Mr.Pierce and Mr. Buchanan; and Mr.
Fillmore had done it before.
Mr. DAVIS. I am thoroughly convinced that
no power less than the powerof appointment can
remove an officer from office.
__ Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask htm if he means to say
that a postmaster appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
cannot be removed except by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate ?
Mr. DAVIS. I say he cannot properly be
removed in any other way.
Mr.TRUMBULL. If you take such a ground
as that it is at war with the whole practice of the
Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I know it is at war with the
practice of the Government; but it is in strict con-
formity to the opinion of Mr. Webster, of Mr.
Calhoun, of Mr. Clay, and of Judge McLean.
In the very case put by the Senator from Min-
nesota, the judge (Goodrich, I believe, was 11is
name) applied to the Treasury Department for his
pay for the term of four years for which he had
been appointed; and Judge McLean rendered
an opinion in that case in which he sustains anil
proves by the most conclusive argument that a
'■ranch of the appointing power cannot remove
from an office.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Supreme Court de-
cided otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS. The principle ha-j never been
cWide'd by the Supreme Court.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me,
I will withdraw the amendment..
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the amendment being
withdrawn. The amendment is, according to my
principles, strictly proper and in order. One rea-
son, and one great reason, of the degeneracy of
our Government is a departure from that princi-
ple.
Mr. CLARK. Does the Senator from Ken-
tucky understand the Senator from Iowa to offer
to withdraw the whole amendment in regard to
justices, or only the modification ?
Mr. DAVIS. The modification.
Mr. CLARK. He is willing to withdraw the
whole, so as to save the debate.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the whole amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have not a word to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
having been ordered, the Senator from Iowa can
withdraw his amendment by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. Is there any objection? The
Chair hears none.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REGISTER OIT DEEDS.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
482) to establish the office of register of deeds for
the Distiictof Columbia, was considered as in
Committee of the "Whole. It provides for the
appointment by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, of a register of
deeds for the District of Columbia, who shall per-
form all the duties respecting the jecording of
deeds and other instruments of writing, and all
other services connected therewith,authorized to
be performed by the cleik of the circuit court of
the district by the fifth section of the act approved
March 3, 1801, entitled "An act supplementary
to the act concerning the District of Columbia,"
and shall receive the same fees and emoluments
for those services. The register is to receive and
have the charge and custody of all the records,
papers, and property which may be in the custody
or possession of the clerk of the circuit court prop-
erly appertaining to and belonging to the office
of the register of deeds; and the clerk is required
to deliver the same to the reg'ster upon proper
application therefor. The Secretary of thelnterior
is to appropriate such rooms in any of the public
buildings under his charge for the use of the legis-
ter as may be necessary for his accommodation,
unless it shall appear to the Secretary that such
rooms cannotbe so appropriated withoutinterfer-
ing with the business of his Department; and in
that event the icgister is to procure, with the ap-
probation of the Secretary, such 100ms, in the
city of Washington, as may he necessai y for the
security of the records and the convenient trans-
action of the business of the office.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WASHINGTON THEATER COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (FI. R. No. 684) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Theater Company. It constitutes Richard
Wallach, John T. Ford, George W. Riggs, James
C. McGuire, Joseph P. Brown, A. R. Potts,
Franklin Tenney, and Thomas Berry, and their
present and future associates, a body corporate,
by the name and style of M The Washington The-
ater Company," with the usual powers of a cor-
poration, the capital stock not to exceed $100,000
in $500 shares.
Mr. IIARLAN. I do notknow of any neces-
sity for the incorporation of such a company.
This kind of legislation is new to me. I see no
reason why a gentleman or gentlemen who desire
to build a house for a theater, or for a circus, or
for dancing purposes might not build it under the
laws that are now in force in the District of Co-
lumbia. I do not wish to be understood as the
opponent to the cultivation of the fine arts; and
yet, sir, there are very many people m the coun-
try who deem theaters perhaps worthless; and
there arc others of high cultivation who deem
them immoral in their tendencies; who think that
the general tendency of such establishments is to
inculcate emotions and sentiments that produce
immoral results. I do not desire to raise that ques-
tion in the Senate; but if this biil is to pass in its
present shape, I see no reason why a company
should not be chartered to conduct the Canter-
bury performances in this city. I do not know
what grade of peiformances of this kind may not
claim the protection of special legislation.
I do not intend any remarks that I have made
to reflect on my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia. I sup-
pose it is his duty to report the bills under the
instructions of the committee of which he is chair-
man; but I would submit to him whether the time
of the Senate cannot be better employed than in
this kind of legislation, especially if I am right in
the supposition that these gentlemen can go on
and build a dance house without any special law.
I shall content myself with asking for the yeas
and nays on the final passage of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that this
kind of special legislation ie not necessary. I
move to postpone the further consideration of this
bill until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now, in pursuance of no-
tice, submit the motion to postpone all prior or-
ders with a view to take up Senate bill No. 486.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
notice the hour upon the clock. It becomes the
duty of the Chair now to call up the unfinished
business of Saturday's session, which is the bill
(H. R. No. 634) giving aid to the State of Mis-
souii for the purpose of securing the abolishment
of slavery in said Srate; and upon that subject the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saui.sbury] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is to come up on Wed-
nesday, by understanding. It was so stated, at
least. 1 now, with the consent of the Senator
from Delaware, move to postpone all prior orders,
for the purpose of taking up the bank bill to which
1 have alluded.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Ohio waive his motion for fifteen minutes to allow
the bill in reference to midshipmen's appoint-
ments to be called up?
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to have my motion
put. If it is carried, I shall then be at the pleasure
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis moved to post-
pone the pending order of the day until Wednes-
day next, at one o'clock, and make it the special
order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on postponing all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up Senate bill No. 486, to provide a
national currency, secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide for the ciicuUtion
and redemption thereof.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to say that in less than
three quarters of an hour we can dispose of all
the business coming fiom the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if this
bill is taken up, then to conform to the wishes of
the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. You can take it up just as well
after the Senator from Iowa gets through.
Mr. COLLAMER. I want to pass a little post
office bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, sir; I will post-
pone the motion at the suggestion of Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion, I supp6se,
is in order now to postpone the theater bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. KENNEDY. I trustnot. I think we can
dispose of this bill in about five minutes. It is a
bill that will not invite debate, I think. The ob-
jection seems to be merely an abstract one. It
would,! think, be saving time if we should goon
with this bill now. If gentlemen desire to make
a record in regard to it, we can take the yeas and
nays at once. If we postpone it, we may con-
sume a great deal more time.
Mr. GRIMES. The colleague of the Senator
from Maryland has spoken to me on the subject
of this bill, and has manifested some interest in
it. He is not now in his seat, and 1 therefore
move that it be informally laid upon the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the bill lie on the
table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
informally laid aside, if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection.
RELIEF OF COLORED WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 505) to incorporate tin-
national association for the relief of colored women
and children, to report the same back and recom-
mend its passage. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider the
biil. Sayles J. Bo wen, Daniel Breed, and J. L. Ba-
ker and their associates and successors,beingmem-
bcrs of the society, by paying into its treasury
the sum of two dollars annually, or life membeis,
by paying fifty dollars at one time, are by this
enactment to be incorporated and made a body-
poluic by the name of "The National Associa-
UOU for the Relief of Aged Colored Women and
