THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
volted the bill with various amendments. The
firstnmendment of the committee was in line three
of; the first section to strike out the words " the
charter of;" so that the clause will read, " that
the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany be, and the same is hereby," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four of sec-
tion one, to strike out the word " extended," and
insert the words " authorized to extend their said
railroad."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line five of section one, to strike out the word
"end," and insert the word " side;" so that it
•will read, " from the south side of the Potomac
bridge," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of sec-
tion one, after the word " Potomac," to strike
out the words " bridge, as the same is now con-
structed," and to insert the words, " across said
river to and;" so that the clause will read," from
the south side of the Potomac across said river
to and along Maryland avenue," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eleven and
twelve of the first section, to strike out the words
" bodies corporate and politic are hereby created
and," and to insert the words "similar corpora-
tions are;" so that the clause will read:
And that al! the ordinary rights, privileges, and liabili-
ties incident to similar corporations, are conferred upon
Baid company, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the pro-
viso from line thirteen to line sixteen of the first
section, in the following words:
Provided, That the location of said road as herein ex-
tended shall be sabject to such change as the future alter-
ations or extension of the Capitol grounds, or of the streets
and avenues may require.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
for that purpose: Provided, however. That the same shall
be subject to alterations, amendment, or repeal: Jlnd pro-
vided further, That the cars shall not be drawn on the streets
aforesaid by steam power without the consent of Congress
thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
three, to strike out the words " or over," and in-
sert the word " of;" and in line four, after the
word " as," to strike out the words " in the opin-
ion of the Commissioner of Public Buildings;" so
that it will read:
That the said company are hereby empowered to make
an additional structure or passage way along either side of
the Potomac bridge as may render the same safe for public
use, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen, of
section two, to strike out the word "and," and
insert the words " and of such model as shall be
determined by the Secretary of the Interior, and
which shall;" and after the word " afford," in
line fifteen, to strike out the word " equal," and
insert the word " reasonable;" and in line six-
teen, after the word "Potomac" to insert the
word " river;" so that the clause will read:
And the said company shall construct such draws as
shall correspond with those now in use on the«flid bridge,
and of such model as shall be determined by the Secretary
nfthe Interior, and which shall afford reasonable facilities
lor navigation on the Potomac river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to
be read a third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 want the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. I do not believe in our
power to extend a State corporation into this Dis-
trict, and extend its charter here. We have no
power of that kind. That is the bill. I merely
want the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say, in reply to
the remark of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, that I do not understand the bill to claim to
exercise the authority he supposes. If he will
examine the bill, he will see that originally it was
so constructed, and perhaps the title should be
amended. The bill, as it came to the Senate from
the House of Representatives, was in this phrase,
" the charter of the Washington and Alexandria
Railroad Company be extended." The committee
thought that objectionable, I suppose, upon the
reasoning of the honorable Senator from Vermont,
and altered it, so that it now simply authorizes
that company—a company chartered in Virginia;
existing between Alexandria and the south side of
the Potomac—to extend its road, not its charter,
from the south side of the Potomac across the
river, and so across this city, to connect with the
Baltimore and Ohio road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does itgo across?
Mr. MORRILL. Near the present bridge.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. The Long bridge?
Mr. MORRILL. The Long bridge.
Mr. COLLAMER. What streets does it go
through ?
Mr. MORRILL. It authorizes its location to
conform very much to its present location. It
crosses a portion of the Capitol grounds. It is
to run in such a way as Congress shall dictate;
or, in other words, the company are not to use
steam power upon this road without the permis-
sion of Congress, and the charter is subjected to
the power of Congress. Congress may alter,
amend, or repeal it at any time.
Mr. COLLAMER. A State charter?
Mr. MORRILL. I should say that Congress
may amend or repeal the privilege herein granted;
that is, the right to extend it across; so that I think
it will be found that it is not an extinction of the
corporate rights and privileges conferred upon the
corporation by the State of Virginia, but it is
simply granting the right to the corporation to
build its road across the river, and across the city,
and so connect with the Baltimore and Ohio road.
The committee intended simply to obviate the diffi-
culty suggested by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I prefer that the. Senator
who has charge of this bill would consent to its
being postponed; otherwise I shall be compelled,
so far as I am concerned, to vote against it. I am
satisfied that there is something more in the bill
than really appears upon its surface. It is grant-
ing a very extensive privilege, and may conflict
with the interests of the Government in relation
to the Long bridge. I have not given the at-
tention to the bill that I desire to do. I was not
aware it would be brought up to-day, and I ap-
peal to the Senator to allow it to be postponed
until time can be afforded to look into it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the Senator from
New Jersey, that if he has the .slightest suspicion
that there is more in the bill than appears upon
its face, I have no objection to its lying over to
come up at an early day; but I will say to him,
that it is a subject to which the committee's at-
tention has been called, and the committee has
given it full consideration; and I should be some-
what surprised if it should turn out as the Sen-
ator suspects. Yet, if he desires it, I have no
objection that the bill should lie over.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I know it proposes to grant
very important and extensive privileges indeed;
and I am fearful that they will interfere to a very
great extent with the right and convenience of the
public, and also with the Government interests.
I do not say positively that such is the case, but
I fear such is the case. I prefer that it be post-
poned, otherwise I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone this and
all prior orders, with a view to take up the bank
bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Will that leave this as the
unfinished business to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not; it
will stand among the general orders, subject to
be called up on special motion.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio calls for the consideration of the bill
indicated by him, which was postponed until to-
day at one o'clock. Not having been made the
special order, it does not take priority of other
special orders or pending questions, but there be-
ing no special order for this time, and no pending
question, it comes up in due course, and is now
in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire of the Senator from
Ohio if he will allow fifteen minutes just to vote
on the bill I have before indicated ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that the bill in re-
gard to midshipmen in the Navy will attract a
good deal of discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. There will be no discussion, I
think. It is simply a bill regulating the mode of
appointment of midshipmen to the Naval Acad-
emy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that it will excite
discussion. The subject has been before the Na-
val Committee; and I cannot consent to postpone
this bill for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the considera-
tion of the pending bill, which is the bill (S. No.
486) to provide a national currency,secured by a
pledge of United States stocks, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof, and all
prior orders for the purpose of considering the
bill indicated by him (S. No. 452) in reference to
the appointment of midshipmen; and upon that
motion he demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Carliie, Chandler, Davis, Foot,
Grimes, Harlan, Hicks, Howard, Kennedy, Latham, Pow-
ell, Salisbury,Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wall, Wilkin-
son, Wiltey, and Wilson of Missouii—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collainer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foster, Harding, Harris, Henderson, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Pome-
roy, Rice, Richardson, Sherman, Sumner, Turpie, and WU-
mot—21.
So Mr. Davis's motion was not agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 486) to provide
a national currency, secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States stocks, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof.
The bill was read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
in order will be the amendments reported by the
Committee on Finance to the bill, which will now
be read.
The first amendment of the committee was in
lines thirty-two, thirty-three, and thirty-four of
the firstsection, to strike out the following words:
And he shall not either directly or indirectly be interested
in any association and issue of the national currency under
the provisions of this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. That and the next amend-
ment, at the end of the section, ought to go to-
gather.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill means by that, that
the Comptroller is not to be interested as a stock-
holder.
Mr. SHERMAN. The words are simply trans-
posed to the end of the section, and made to em-
brace the Comptroller and the Deputy Comptrol-
ler. That is the only difference. The same words
are inserted at the end of the section.
Mr. SUMNER. They are not to be interested
even as stockholders.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; they are not to be
interested in any way in any association.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on striking out the words which have been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert at the end of section one the
following:
The Comptroller and Deputy Comptroller shall not, either
directly or indirectly, be interested in any association is-
suing national currency under the provisions of tins act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section six, line ten, after the word "dollars," to
insert the words:
And in cities whose population is over ten thousand, the
capital stock shall not be less than $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
seventeen, to strike out the words " and when the
same shall terminate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section ten, line fifteen, after the word " same," to
strike out the word " daily;" and after the word
" the," to strike out the word " State," and to in-
sert the words "city or county;" and at the end
of the section to insert the following proviso:
Provided, Tiiat if no newspaper is published in such city
or county, such certificate shall be published as the Comp-
troller shall direct.
