AFFETHHX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CfLOBE;
[March 3,
3*7ik Oong....3d Sbss.
Ship Canal—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
intricacies of trade reports and statistics, and go
down to the every day experiences of our people,
remembering that common sense, common hon-
esty, and sound policy, took always in the same
direction, and apply equally in small as in great
interests. Let us trace the path trodden by the
past producers of the world, in the history- of some
lone settler rn the American wilderness, from the
time he single-handed maintains the contest with
nature'for a bare subsistence, to that, when asso-
ciated With his fellows, he asserts his true position,
She intelligent master of the earth and the foices
of nature.
A man thus buried in the woods, armed only
with the simplest tools—the ax, for instance—
fteeds a board; he fells a tree, from the center of
which, after days of labor, he obtains a- single
board, rough hewn at that; the great pile of chips
record waste effort and waste timber. The board
has cost him much, but the timber was without
value, for the tree was a cumbererof the soil. He
was ready to curse the trees that stood in his sun-
shine, there being forty miles crowded with them
between him and his nearest neighbor. Trees are
cheap, boards are very dear, and he manages to
exist independent of boards. His house is open
to the storm, and oft-recurring sickness is the
visitant of his home. His crops are exposed to
the wasting effects of the weather, his cuttle wan-
der shelterless or huddle under the lee of the
stacks. His sons having grown, all combine their
efforts in the purchase of a saw; the larger stones
which disfigure the pasture are removed to con-
struct the dam across the brook which has run
idle from its birth; the pool thus formed, becomes
a reservoir of power; the useless trees take the
form of a water wheel, mill-genring, and carriage;
these with the saw become mstiuments to his
will, and the lone settler realizes the power of as-
sociated effort in mastering the material forces of
nature. For the first time he has asserted his
right to power outside of himself. Without cost
the little brook furnishes twenty horse power, to
bo directed to the preparation of lumber. The
fame of the mill is soon noised abroad; the people
needing lumber open roads from the distant set-
tlements, and come laden with the products of
their labor to exchange for the labor of the brook,
the water-wheel, and the saw; the force of the
brook becomes wealth to them. The mill is now
busy, and the old man' sells his logs to one of the
boys, who becomes a sawyer; but the sawyer
fixes the price, because there are plenty of logs
and but one purchaser. The old man, rejoicing
in hisextended clearing, is content with any price.
The price of boards is high as compared with
logs, because there is but one seller, and the ma-
chinery of conversion is imperfect. Again the old
man is content that boards are so much better and
cheaper than when he hewed them from valueless
logs. But now some whittling, whistling Yankee
notes " abundant water," u logs cheap," " good
market for lumber;" he establishes a gang of
saws, and competes with the old mill m the pur-
chase of logs as well as in the sale of boards. Of
course the tendency of logs is to increased value,
while the boards decline m price. Many nulls
follow, and the farmer becomes master in the price
of logs, for there are many competing purchasers.
Timber being thus dear, it becomes necessary
that more economical modes of conversion be re-
sorted to; thus the ingenuity of the sawyer is
tasked to devise cheaper and more efficient ma-
chinery, while the seller of logs joins his means
to those of the sawyer to put in operation the in*
ventions of the latter, or to induce the machinist
and the founder to place themselves near the mill.
Thus impiovcd machinery, labor-saving pro-
cesses, and economy in material again reduce the
cost of production, and the prices of lumber more
nearly approximate to that of the timber. Com-
petition still urging invention, the planing mill,
the mortising machine, the lathe, &c., follow,and
the farmer obtains his flooring boards, planed,
tongued and grooved, and his pa-nekd doors and
sash at a trifling advance on the rough lumber.
The farmer is again prosperous in having near
him a market in which many compete for the va-
rious pioducts of his land, and he is muster of the
prices. The needs of the market conduce to va-
ried products on the farm, and the farmer can take
advantage of the known benefits attendant upon
rotation of crops. Last and greatest of the ad-
vantages of the near market, is the facility ex-
tended to the farmer to return to the land as ma-
nure therefuse ofthe crops afterserving to human
needs.
Let me observe that of all the things required for
the purposes of man, the one that least bears trans-
portation is manure. And yet it ranks among
the most important, as the soil can continue to
produce on the condition only of restoring to it the
elements of which its crops are composed. An
idea of the importance of this element in a nation's
growth may be gained from the fact that the an-
nual application to the soil of Great Britain was
estimated in 1850 at$516,800,000, while Belgium,
with one inhabitant to each arable acre,according
to McCullough,41 produces commonly more than
double the quantity of corn required for the con-
sumption of its inhabitants." Thus the natural
effect of the near market is the renovation of the
land, while exhaustion of this great machine of
production surely follows the transportation of its
products to markets so distant that the manute
cannot be returned.
Mr. Chairman, may we not here denounce the
falsity of the teaching that the interests we have
been contemplating are necessarily antagonistic?
Will we not rather find the inhabitants of our little
village interested in the old farmer's prosperity,
as he thereby becomes a bettercustomerfortheir
plows, hats, shoes, lumber, &c.? All are inter-
ested in the cheap production of food and other
products of the soil; but, as land has increased in
value, and wages become higher, owing to divers-
ity of employments, the ingenuity and mechanical
skill of the community will be tasked to producc
improved digging machines, plows, cultivators,
and drills, to lighten and make more effective the
seed time. The mowing machine, the reaper, and
the horse-rake take the burden of the harvest,
while the threshing machine, the corn sheller, the
flax and cotton gin prepare the crops for the mill
or factory.
Earth is ransacked in search of fertilizing sub-
stances. The battle-fields on which old-time brute'
force grappled in the death-struggle are made to
yield the phosphates needed to restore the ex-
hausted pastures. The guano islands are denuded
of the accumulations of ages to stimulate the slug-
gish soil to renewed fruitfulness; the marl pit and
the storehouses of lime and gypsum are broken
in upon to add the fertility of the lower strata to
the s 'i :ace soils. Science is close questioned as
to the latent qualities of matter. All powers, ele-
mental, chemical, and mechanical, are brought to
bear to develop that which science discloses. All
fitting productions of other dimes are introduced
to vary the harvests of the land or to add divers-
ity to the landscape. The result is, increased pro-
duction at lessened prices, while the profits of the
farmer are increased, and the value of the land
enhanced, provided always that the home market
keeps pace with the increased productions of the
soil.
To reach " this consummation devoutly to be
wished " we must follow the advice of Washing-
ton in his annual address, in "giving effectual
encouia^ement, as well to the introduction of new
and useful inventions from abroad, as to the skill
and genius in producing them at home."
But you will ask, as England asked in the sev-
enteenth century, how are we to help ourselves?
Allow me to answer you as Andrew Yarrenton
answered his countryman, m a work entitled
"England's Improvement by Sea and Land.
To outdo the Dutch without Fighting. To pay
Debts without Money. To set at work the Poor
of England with the growth of our own Lands,
&c., &c. London, 1677." He thus describes
England's disease—study the symptoms, and see
whether the diagnosis agrees with the aihngs of
our own times, and inquire whether the remedy
which wrought such wonderful cure in the moth-
er's case might not be applicable to the sick
daughter. The following is the portraiture of
his day:
"From France were imported canvas, Jockrams, and
great quantities of coarse cloths, so much so that it hath al-
mot-t hud aside the making of hnen cloth in England.
Twine and yarn were also imported, to make sail cloth and
cordage, which have taken of the labor of multitudes of
people m Suffolk and thereabouts, and hath so lessened the
trade that it is almost lost. Narrow, coarse clothe Were im-
ported from North Germany, the cheapness whereof hath
beaten out the hnen trade—sortnerly inaue in Lancashire,
Cheshire, and thereabout-*, about forty years since a very,
great tiaile. Bed tickings were ai.-o imported, which had-
almost destroyed that tiade in Dorsetshire and Somerset-
shire, so that the spinners are idle and the lauds fall
price." *********
" Great quantities of German thread are aKo u-ed at
Manchester and Maidstone, and other parts of England, to
mix with woolen ; wilh infinite other commodities. And -
all the benefit of the Uboi of the&e threads. is applied to
foreigners." ********
"Consider how many iron works are laid down both in
Kent, Sussex, and Surrey,audinauy morernu^tfollow. The
reason b, the iron of Swedeland, Fland^r^, and Spain
comes in so cheap that it cannot be made to profit here."
Again he says:
"Now 1 have showed you the two manufactures of irott'
and lim' j with the product thereof; ami all the materials-
are with u-. growinir.
"And these two manufactures will, if by law counte-
nanced, set all the poor in England at work, and much en-
rich the country, and thereby letch people into the kingdom,
whereas they now depart, and thereby deprive the Dutch of
ihese two gieat manufactures, iron and linen. And these
twotradu< bemg well fixed here, will help to beatthe Dutch
without fighting."
Far-sighted Andrew said, " fetch the skilled
workmen into the kingdom." He next calls
attention to the woolen trade, discourses wisely
thereon, never once indorsing the policy that Eng-
land should feed Holland, and Holland clothe
England; neither did he discover that " the man-
ufacturer is aggrandized by the oppression of all
other classes," but his advice was, "import the
machinery and protect its products."
Andrew Yarrenton, in this book, enjoys the
distinction of being the first to suggest the meas-
ures that have led to the manufactimnggreatness
of England. Let us follow this wise advice, and
woik for Ameiica's improvement by sea and
land, and outdo Europe without fighting," &c.
By this bill we are asked for $20,000,000 to per-
fect the canal and to enlarge its capacity; but.how
small a part of the costly machinery oi transpor-
tation is included in this appropriation ! To this
sum must be added, for horses, enlarged boats,
and stoiehouses, on the line of improvement-, for
steam and sail vessels on the lake.s; for marolc in-
surance offices, granite storehouses, brown stone
residences in New York, Philadelphia, Boston,
and Baltimore; for horses and drays, and steam-
engines, &c.; tor steamers and ships mi the Allan*
tic; and for docks and stores, with other horses,
drays, and wagons in Liverpool and the markets
of Europe, an additional $30,000,000, whilst the
capital actively engaged therein will amount to
unguessed hundreds of millions; and yet the re-
hefuftorded you will be only temporary.
I advocate a policy the tendency of which is to
concentrate the products of your /'arms, and thus
enlarge your canals permanently. You now trans-
port bulky corn, more bulky wool and flax, and
you cannot send the more bulky vegetable pro-
duction, hay, &c., to market at all. Your corn-
fields are underlaid with coal, or inexhaustible
power. A large portion of your people are idle
in the winter season and in the intervals between
the seed-time arid the harvest. You need enter-
prise to plan, skill to execute, and capital to sus-
tain, and you may combine these elements of
wealth, labor, food, and raw material iuto the
piece of cloth, wherein may be concentrated many
days of labor, a great pile of corn, a ton of coal,
and, if you pltiase,a cart-load of garden truck.
It would be an interesting inquiry to a people
striving, as you are, for a market, to ascertain the
relief which might be afforded to your present ple-
thora if $50,000,000 were invested in machinery
of production in your western cities and villages,
and these hundreds of millions of active capital
now engaged in carrying were giving activity to
this machinery and good wages to skilled labor-
ers in working up your wool, fiax, hemp, iron,
copper, lead, coal, and food.
To render this possible we must follow the wise
lead of our mother—" fetch skilled men into the
kingdom," and protect their labor against foreign
interference. But England would kick down the
ladder by which she reached her present position,
and she now teaches us that " protection to any
industry, by means of tariffs, is a wrong policy,
because it begets only a forced, sickly growth—a
growth which needs additional props as it pro-
gresses in development." The truth or falsity of
the above opinion has so important a bearing on
