1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the territorial courts, upon proper hearing, have
ever held the doctrine thataTerritorial Legislature,
with the ordinary powers of a Territory, may not
incorporate a bank.
Mr. GRIMES- I was living in a Territory in
1836, and hud some knowledge of the laws that
were passed on this subject. It was decided that
the territorial authorities had the power to charter
banks, and they chartered one in 1836 at Mineral
Point, in Wisconsin, and one, the Miner's Bank,
at Dubuque, and one or two in Florida. Con-
gress repealed the charters of the Florida banks,
and then declared that no territorial bank should
go into force and have any validity unless there
was an affirmative act of Congress approving it.
That is the condition of the law, as 1 understand,
at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. I would inquire, then, whether
there was notin the charter itself a clause author-
izing either the Territorial Legislature or Con-
gress to amend or repeal it? It seems to me to
be a very high-handed proceeding for Congress
in and of itself to repeal a territorial charter, un-
less the power to do so had been reserved in the
charter itself.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe Congress reserves the
power in regard to all the legislation of the Ter-
ritories, and always has.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not always.
Mr. GRIMES. We have the authority to re-
vise their legislation, and have always claimed it
until this new doctrine in regard to the Territories
came* in to vogue in the last few years. Congress
declared, in 1836, that no one of these charters
that should be granted after that time should be
of any validity unless it was subsequently ap-
proved by Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot see, myself,
any propriety m keeping the woid " Territories"
in the amendment. Our people can organize un-
der the clause in this bill in regard to associations.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly they can. This
is only in aid of the existing hank organization.
The word " Territories," I will state to the Sen-
ator, was inserted simply because I was informed
that there were banks lawfully organized in the
Territories. Whether that be so or not, 1 do not
know.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The motion I make
is for the protection of the bill. It would discredit
this plan to give the territorial banksin ourState,
or those that claim an existence, the right of or-
ganization under this bill. Our local courts have
decided against the power of our territorial gov-
ernment to organize a bank; but they still claim
a sort of existence.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The question is
on striking out the words " or Territories," as an
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sermtoi
from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done I should
like to understand from the Senator from Ohio
precisely the motive of its introduction In read-
ing the bill, as originally presented, I find section
five as foliows:
Thai association* for can Vinson the business of bank-
in? may Uv fonned by any number of porous not less, m
any ea^e, than live.
jNow, in perusing that, I raised to myself the
question, whether the State banks could proceed
under that language to constitute themselves as-
sociations to take'thc benefit of this act, and I ar-
iived at the conclusion they could; and I presume
the Senator from Ohio, when he drew that lan-
guage, and when he reported the bill, intended
that itshould cover the State banks. Am I right
or not?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a very grave and
sei ions law question as to whethera bank organ-
ized by a State can, as a corporation, accept the
pt ovisions of this act. A great deal might be said
on both sides of that question. A corporation is
a nine ueatuie of law, having no power to do
any act unless it is authorized to do it by the act
of incorporation. Can it enter into the arrange-
ment with the United States contemplated by this
hill without the assent of the State which organ-
ized it? That is a very grave question, and a
question upon which 1 have doubts myself This
section provides that they may do so. Perhaps
it will be necessary in the States to get the assent
of the State to the altering, changing, or modify-
ing of the State charter. That is a question which
is left open in this section to the banks and to the
State governments.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, if I understand the Sen-
ator, the section which he now proposes, as he
supposes, will remove some of the difficulties.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. It will give
the assent of the United States to an existing bank
to come in under this bill. 1 think it will also be
necessary to get the assent of the State, although
that is a doubtful question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Senator
from Massachusetts that this matter was consid-
erably discussed in the Committee on Finance.
The question raised by the honorable Senator who
introduced the bill and has charge of it, was pre-
cisely as he has now stated it. My own opinion
was and is now, that we ought to go as far as this
to provide a mode by which existing banks can
come in. Whether they can avail themselves of
this act under their charters is for them to ascer-
tain. We cannot meddle with that subject. They
must take their own course and find a way to do
it. We give our assent so far as we aie concerned,
that, on performing certain conditions they may
avail themselves of these privileges. That it is
competent for us to do. The question whether
they can come in under this act without the assent
of the States is for them to settle under their
charters.
Mr. HOWARD. There may be difficulties
growing out of this question that are of a more
serious character. In my own State the Legis-
latute have no power to pass bank charters, spe-
cial charters. The constitution itself requires the
Legislature for the purpose of creating banks to
enact a general law under which any number of
associations or banks may be created; hut it re-
quires at the same time that that general act shall
be submitted to the votes of the people at a sub-
sequent general election to be held it) the State,
Those elections do not take place annually, but
biennially. "At a general election" is the lan-
guage of the constitution; and those general elec-
tions are held biennially, ltis very tiue that the
Legislature might, after the lapse of two years,
peihaps enable the banks to make the arrange-
ment proposed by this bill. I merely throw out
this observation to call the attention of Senators
to that curious state of things.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ The Senator will allow
me to say that this provision was introduced sim-
ply to go as far as we could in enabling the banks
to accomplish the object. Of course, the biil is
not imperative upon the hanks in any way. i
deemed it myself a duty, considering the amount
of capital invested, to provide every means that
we could provide to enable them to avail them-
selves of the provisions of this act. You will
observe that it does not place them in a different
condition at all as respects their rights in the
States. We have nothing to do with that. So far
as their chaiters operate we cannot change them.
So far as they are under limitations we cannot
repeal those limitations in any way; but we can
give our assent to their availing themselves of
this net on certain conditions which wo provide.
There is no objection to that. Instead of putting
an embarrassment in their way, it affords facili-
ties for them to do it. It is out of our power to
remove any difficulties that may arise m the States
in regard to these corporations; but we do all we
can.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have looked
at the amendment proposed by the Senator fiom
Ohio. The difficulty that I see m u is that it pro-
poses to change the banks and banking associa-
tions organized under State laws into organiza-
tions under this act. of the General Government.
What I desne—and I have prepared a couple of
sections, which I have submitted to the Senator
from Ohio, to accomplish it—is this: that our
banks and banking associations might be permit-
ted, without surrendering their character as State
banks and State banking associations, maintain-
ing the organization as State institutions, to take
out circulation, under the provisions of this act,
by depositing with the Treastuerof the United
States the securities which this act contemplates,
receive that oucuUition, use that circulation in-
stead of a State currency, and subject themselves
to the liabilities which banking associations or-
ganized under tins act incur. I believe it can be
done. I have prepared a couple of sections which
I think will effect that object; and if so, it wilt
accomplish a great deal. I believe that* in the
process of time, many, very manyof our banking
institutions, even in the State of New York, where
they will be found most opposed to this system;
perhaps, of any State in the Union, will feel in-
clined to surrender their present circulation, al-
though they do not surrender their charters, and
take out circulation under the provisions of this
act. I believe they can be induced to do it; but
I do not suppose that a single banking.institutjon
in the State of New York would ever be induced
to surrender its charter, to surrender the priv ileges
that it derives under the State law, and come in
under this act^and become an association organ-
ized under the provisions of this act. What I
desire is, that these banking institutions may be
permitted, if they can be induced to do so, to take
outandusethe circulation provided for under this
act. I believe it can be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg to ask the Senator
what difficulty is there in their doing it now. As
I have said before, this proposition is to extend
peculiar privileges to the banks; to enable them
to come in as hanks under this proposition if they
choose to do so. As thematternow stands, any
half dozen, any five of the directors can, under
the authority of the act, go on and make them-
selves a subsidiary bank; that is, under the direc-
tion of the bank, by authority ofohe bank, they
can organize under this bill, and they can take
out this circulation and use it, if they will, with-
out availing themselves of the other privileges.
There is no trouble about it, not the slightest.
Outsiders do not inquire into the matter. You
take any five directors or any ten directors of
any one bank in the State of New York, and
what is the difficulty in their combining under the
terms of this statute, and doing business under
it? There is not a bank in the country but what
can operate in this way with perfect facility; but
1 deemed it advisable, or supposed it might be
desirable on the part of the banks, to put it ex-
actly in this category.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine will
allow me to ask him this question: suppose the
banking law of the Slate of New York, or the cor-
poration or the charter under which these banks
m New York are operating, requires that they shall
carry on their business in a specific way; that
they shall have a certain amount of gold and sil-
ver on hand, which does not correspond with the
provisions of tins bill; they are incorporated un-
der that law which makes them State institutions.
Now, they come in and undertake to operate un-
der this law. Will not that be a violation of the
charter under which they act in the State of New
York, and will they not be subject to the State
laws, and thus virtually destroy their corporations?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will see that
that is a matter entirely of choice with them. As I
said before, we do not undertake to interfere with
State charters. Wecannotcontrolthem inany pos-
sible way. All we can do here is to say that a
bank may come in, if it chooses, and do business
under this act. Whether it will choose to do so
will undoubtedly depend, in a very great degree,
upon its ability to do so as derived from its char-
ter. With that we have and can have nothing to
do, of course, for we cannot touch them in any
way, nor can we devise a system, nor anybody
else devise a system, by which every kind of a
bank, under every variety of law which may be
passed by the States in the Union, can make them-
selves a party to it. It is for them to look out for
that. All we can do is to afford alt the facilities
in our power. They must look out for their char-
ters, of course.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator what possible objection there can be to allow-
ing a bank, a State bank in New York or Maine,
organized under a State law, to abandon its pres-
ent circulation so far as the mere question of cur-
rency is concerned, abandon the State currency
that it now uses—in my State the currency re-
ceived from the banksuperintendent—diawm that
circulation, surrender it, cancel it, and then come
to Washington and take from the Treasury De-
partment notes issued by that Department, and
use those notes for its circulation, and still retain
its status as a State corporation?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see no objection to it at
all.
