1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isi
37 th Cong....3d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Rips.
fordsftire iron masters to reduce prices next quarter-day
two pounds per ton, with a view to regain the command of
the American market, and to get rid of the competitors who
are supplanting English iron in the United States. Doubt-
less if the pi ice of iron could be reduced to that extent for
some considerable period, it would ruin many ofthe Amer-
ican manufacturers and would for a time open the way to
a large demand for English iron."
It should have added, "at our own prices."
The aim anclend of protection is to render pos-
sible the introduction ofnewbranches ofindustry
to "Induce" home competition " and bring down
the level of prices" to such a point that the for-
eigner mast submit to loss if he desires to appear
in our markets.
Under a fitful policy and imperfect protection
this end has been attained in a few branches of
industry, Prominentin the liststands the making
of the heavy cotton goods; the foreign articles
have been supplanted in the home market, and
the American manufacturer is contesting the mar-
kets of the world with his British rival. The
English maker of cotton cloth copies the trade
marks, style, and finish of known American
houses, that he may dispose of his inferior prod-
ucts as American goods.
Our edge tools, axes, chisels, saws, &c , have
the preference wherever they meet the European
tool on equal terms. American clocks have dis-
placed all others in foreign markets. German-
town " knit woolen goods " are better known than
"Nottingham hosiery;" and it is even now a
question whether large establishments, combin-
ing all the economies of manufacture, could not
export these goods to England with profit.
Previous to 1830, the trade in chandeliers,&c.,
was in the hands of foreign importers. Now the
home market is supplied by our own skill; and
we may yet see Philadelphia lamps and chande-
liers competing with our old " furnishers" in their
own markets. American locksmiths have'dis-
tanced the world. Our machinery, steam engines,
&c., compete successfully with the European
workshops in the West Indies, Brazil, &c. And
no people in the world are supplied with refined
sugar of as high quality or at as low a price as
our own. The crippled greatness ofthe Old World
hobbles about on " Palmer's patent leg," while
the excellence and cheapness of our agricultural
implements, carriages, &c., give them the prefer-
ence in other markets than our own.
The above citations go to show that protection
to the inventor is not more fruitful of good results
than protection to the introducer would be. Fur-
ther, in the above triumphs we have achieved the
only free trade under which a nation can prosper
—the exchange of the perfected productions of
our own country for the finished product of others.
Mr. Chairman, God has fixed the land—that
cannot be moved; but the market is within our
control. Now, it has been shown that for the pur-
pose of selling the product in the shape of corn,
with common roads, it must be within one hun-
dred and sixty miles,or the costof transportation
eats the value of the crop. By improved roads,
canals, steam carriages, &c., you have brought
the market of New York and Europe within reach
of Illinois, but the cost of getting to the market
leaves but ten cents a bushel to be divided as rent
of lands and wages of labor. Who can wonder at
the cry for relief?
But there is another point to which I would call
your attention. The land never gives anything,
not the seed, or fruit, or flower; but of the use of
its fruits it yields, and all of sustenance, or use,
or comfort which man may derive therefrom is
freely yielded, but subject to the inexorable law
that the residuum, that which remains of organic
matter, after subserving the wants of the animal
economy, must be returned to the land from which
it was taken. It or its equivalent must be restored.
The penalty of disobedience is that incurred by
the parents of our race, expulsion from the gar-
den, banishment from the paradise which the good
God has provided for us, and left a sacred trust
to hand down unimpaired to the coming genera-
tions.
Remembering that the land is fixed, and the
market is within our control, that the point of
consumption may be brought to the land, the ques-
tion arises, what distance may intervene between
the land and Us market ? How far can you carry
manure? On the common roads of the country,
eight miles; on turnpikes, fifteen miles; on rail-
roads, somewhat further; by water carriage, a lit-
tle further, but yet within a very limited range.
When you have settled the distance which manure
will bear carriage, and pay the cost of transpor-
tation, you have determined the exact distance to
which the market of consumption may be removed
from the land, and the nation live I know thegen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] will smile
at the thought or fear of exhaustion of the fer-
tile soils of his prairie home; but it is only a ques-
tion of time even for Terre Haute to be reduced
to sterility by the policy he advocates, to feed
England, while England shall clothe America;
or, nearly as bad, for Illinois to feed Pennsylva-
nia, while Pennsylvania clothes Illinois. I speak
here in general terms. A portion of your abund-
ance you can always spare to our necessities, for
the slow decompositions of granites, micas, lime-
stones, <fcc., furnish slight supplies of the neces-
sary earthy constituents of your crops; but you
cannot continue as you have commenced, and
live. You must, by the introduction ofthe skilled
workman and diversified employments, create near
markets, wherein the raw products of your soil,
the flax, wool, iron, copper, &c., shall be wrought
tso fit and fill the necessities of man.
When you have thus established the near mar-
ket, you will have realized the vision so often pre-
sented by the heated politician, "to buy where
you can buy cheapest, and to sell where you can
sell dearest." Where is corn thedearcstand flour
cheapest? At the mill. So the seller of wheat as
well as the buyer of flour desires the mill in his
midst. Where is ore and coal the dearest? At the
furnace mouth. Where is iron cheapest? At the
furnace foot. Where is wool dearest and cloth
cheapest? At the factory. So the farmer and the
tailor alike desire the factory near them; and so
throughout the whole range the price of the raw
material and the manufactured product approxi-
mate most nearly at the point of conversion or
manufacture. Now, Mr. Chairman, who is it that
stands in the way of uniting the plow, the loom,
and the anvil to work up the raw products of the
country? It is, sir,the class who absorb seventy
cents of the price of Illinois corn, and who, when
they grudgingly give the remaining ten cents to
the farmer, say, "the aggrandizement of the man-
ufacturer is the oppression of all other classcs,"
This class consists of the middle-men, or the
brokers, transporters, insurers, agents, traders,
and the list of absorbents who stand between the
producer and consumer.
When we look around our large cities we will
be struck with the large number of persons who
live by exchanging, simply handing from the pro-
ducer to the consumer, but producing nothing
themselves; myriads of men, arid boundless ma-
chinery of transportation, railroads, canals, and
ships,involvinguntold milhonsof capital,all prof-
itably employed; horses, wagons, and wagoners,
boats and boatmen, everywhere carrying about
cotton, wool, coin, wheat, and flour; the streets
crowded with clerks and laborers, the weighmas-
ter and his gang, the public measurer and his
crowd, burly porters and stevedores packing;
palatial granite store-houses atfabulous rents; the
city ornamental m the marble bank and insurance
office, sharing twelve per cent, dividends on vast
capitals; the produce broker, with his modest per
cent.; and the princely importer, reaping royal
revenue from this complicated machinery; cost,
cost added at every step, but not a cent's value
has been added, save that it has been advanced to-
wards ultimate consumption. In this picture you
may find explanation of the almost total absorp-
sion of the value of the products of the West, and
you will perceive whereon I based the assertion
that the enlargement of the canals is but a tempo-
rizing policy, and that you must resort to a more
radical cure by the inauguration of nearer markets.
Mr. Chairman, thus far in my argument I have
confined myself to the operations of a policy of
dimsified industries and the near market upon
the fortunate possessors of broad acres, the owner
of the mill, furnace, and shop. " The plow, the
loom, and the anvil have been considered; now
peimit me to show how the laborer is affected by
the proximity of the market for his labor. I have
heretofore considered the question as relating to
the exchange of the pioducts of labor, or of the
interchange of services in some material form. I
will now examine the condition of the poor man,
" whose patrimonylies in the strength and dex-
terity of his hand," who has his labor and -his
skill alone to bring to the great world's ,market.
He has but the one thing to sell, therefore hejs
specially interested that there be many employers
to compete for his services. Of all commodities
which man can offer to man, labor is the most per-
ishable. The hour lost in seeking a purchaser is
forever lost; so the laborer needs instant demand
for his services, and the near market is essential
to his well-being. Therefore, of all others, the
laborer is interested in the establishment of such
policy as will start into activity the varied indus-
tries of the country.
There are certain laws of supply and demand,
as applied to the products of labor, which are
closely studied in the marts of trade, but, as they
may affect his welfare, are but little understood
by the laborer. One of these laws I shall endeavor
to make clear by illustration, satisfied that, were
it fully appreciated, we would find the class for
whom I am speaking less prone to be led by par-
ty hurrahs to vote employment from their hands
and the bread from the mouths of their children.
The law is this: a very small excess of supply
over demand depresses prices in a vastly greater
proportion on the whole supply. Thus, if in this
town there be work for only one hundred men;
while one hundred and five men are depending
upon their daily labor for the sustenance of their
families, what will be the effect? These five idle
men, goaded by want, and incapable of better-
ing their condition by moving away, because a
like condition of affairs prevails over the whole
country, approach the employer (too often in the
altitude of slaves) and say, "give us work;
make your own terms; our families need food;
only give us work, sir—anything—at any price."
Is it not plain that such desperate competition to
sell their services will tend to reduce the wages
ofthe entire one hundred to that point which the
five offer to work for? If the sore trouble and dis-
tress should compel the five to accept fifty cents
per diem, then the remaining hundred cannot
look for the usual dollar for the same time; rather
the tendency will be to lower and still lower wages,
for the reason that there are still the five unem-
ployed men, the five starving families to underbid
even at the fifty cents, until we might ultimately
reach the millennium of ten cents a day.
All this misery in a community may arise from
even so small an excess of labor, for there are
many sellers of labor, and no competing pur-
chasers; consequently, the seller of labor can have
no voice in determining the proportion of the prod-
ucts of labor which should of right come to him
in the form of wages.
It is plainly the interestof the whole thatsome
new enterprise be started in their midst, which
may afford employment to the idle five; all hav-
ing work, the underbidding will cease. Still better
will it be if, through protection orany other means,
such security is assured to the capitalist that lie
introduces some new or enlarges upon some old
branch of manufactures, which will give employ-
ment to ten additional men; then there will be
work for one hundred and ten men, with but one
hundred and five to perform it. At once we will
find the employers in the market competing for
the services of the laborer; the press of business
requiring prompt action, he will offer as induce-
ment a fair proportion of the products of labor;
wages will have a tendency to advance, because ,
of the excess of demand unsupplied.
Thus the laborer is interested that there should
be varied production, consequently many employ-
ers, and an active demand for that strength and
dexterity which is his patrimony. He is interested
that there be many various employments, as af-
fording him greater opportunity to rise to the rank
of foreman, finally to become master and em-
ployer m some branch of industry.
In conclusion: following the enlightened ad-
vice of Andrew Yarrenton to "fetch the skill of
the world into our kingdom," and to import the
"machinery of production " from every country,
or obeying the words of Washington to the same
effect, "to give effectual encouragement to the in-
troduction of new and useful inventions from
abroad," or the wise counsel of Jefferson, to
