m
APPENDIX TO THE? CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
37th Cons... 3d Sess.
The Conscription Bill—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
"plant the manufacturer beside theagricultu-rist,"
let me ask the laborer, the farther,ami the planter
to unite their efforts wish those of the inventor
and manufacturer to multiply employments, to
diversify industry, to create fullest competition
for that which each has to sell. Then will plenty
smile at the poor man's hoard. Then will the
farmer become master of the price of his products,
and the manufacturer will prosper in the increased
capacity of consumption in the community; and
you of the West, having unobstructed passage to
your home market, will also realize your dream,
"to buy where you can buy cheapest, and sell
where you can pelldearest/'foryou will buyaud
sell at ilw mill, and the mill-owner may buy and
sell at the farm.
THE CONSCRIPTION BILL-
SPEECH
of
DON. CLEMENT L. VALLANDIGHAM,
OF OHIO,
In the House op Representatives,
Februanj 33, 1863,
Against the conscription bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 do not propose to discuss this
bill at «ny great length in this Blouse. 1 am sat-
isfied that there is a settled purpose to enact H
into a law, so far as it is possible for the action
of the Senate and House and the President to
make it such 1 appeal, therefore, from you,
from them, directly to the country; to a forum
where there is no military committee, no pre-
vious question, no hour rule,and whcie the people
themselves are the masters, i commend this spn i,t
in which this discussion was commenced by the
chairman of the Military Committee, [Mr. Olin,]
and I do it the more cheerfully because, unfor-
tunately, he is not always in so good a temper as
he was (o-day: and i trust that throughout the
debate, and on its close, he will exhibit thatsame
disposition which characterized his opening re-
marks. Only let me caution him that he cannot
dictate to the minority here what course they
shall pursue. But, sir, I regret that I cannot ex-
tend the commendation to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] who addressed
the House a little while ago. His speech was
extremely offensive, and calculated to stir tip a
spirit of bitterness and strife, not at all consistent
with that in which debates to this House should
be conducted. If he or any other gentleman of
the majority imagines that any one here is to be
deterred by threats from the expression of his
opinions, or from giving such votes as be may
see fit to give, he has utteily misapprehend* d the
temper and determination of those who sit on this
side of the Chamber. His threat I hui 1 back with
defiance into his teeth. I spurn it. I spit upon
it. That is not the argument to be addressed to
equals here: and I therefore most respectfully
surest that hereafter all such be dispensed with,
and that we shall be spared personal denuncia-
tion and insinuations against the loyally of men
who sit with me here; men whose devotion to the
Constitution and attachment to the Union of these
States is as ardent and immovable as youia, and
who only differ from you as to the mode of secur-
ing the great object nearest their hearts.
Mi". CAMPBELL. The gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I yield for expla-
nation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, it is a sig-
nificant fact that the -gentleman from Ohio has
applied my remarks to himself and others on his
side of the House. Why was this done, ? I was
denouncing traitors here, and I wifl denounce
them while 1 have a place upon this floor. It is
my duty and mv privilege to do so. And if the
gentleman from Ohio chooses to give my remarks
a personal application, he can so apply them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is enough.
Mr. CAMPBELL. One moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not another mo-
ment after that. I yielded the floor m the spirit
of a gentleman, and not to be met in the manner
of a blackguard. [Applause and hisses in the
galleries."]
Mr, CAMPBELL. The member from Ohio is
a blackguard. [Renewed hisses and applause in
the galleries.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of order.
X demand that the galleries be cleared. Wehavg
been insulted time and again by contractors and
plunderers of the Government, in these galleries,
and 1 ask that they be now cleared.
Mr. COX. I hope my friend from Illinois will
not insist on that. Only a very small portion of
those in the galleries take part in these disturb-
ances. The fool-killer will take care of them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
have to simmit the question to the House.
Mr. COX. I hope the demand will be with-
drawn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state, that if disorder is repeated, whether by ap-
plause or expressions of disapprobation, he will
feel called upon himself to orth r the galleries to
be cleared, trusting that the House will sustain
him in so doing.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire the order to be en-
forced now,and the galleiies to be cleared,except-
ing the ladies'gallery.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was going to
say that i hoped the order would not be extended
to that portion of the galleries.
Mr. ROBINSON. The galleries were cau-
tioned this afternoon.
Mr. JOHNSON. And it is- the same men who
have been making this disturbance now. L know
their faces well.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think, Mr.
Speaker, that this lesson has not been lost; and
that it is sufficiently impressed now upon the
minds of the audience that this is a legislative,
and is supposed to be a deliberative', assembly,
and that no breach of decorum or order should
occur among them, whatever may be the conduct
of any of us on the floor. I trust, therefore, that
my friends on this side will withdraw the demand
for the enforcement of the rule of the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. VERHEE. I raise the point of order that
members heie, in debating questions before the
House, are not at liberty to use language that is
unparliamentary, and unworthy of a member.
The SPEAKER. That is t he rule of the House.
Mr. VERREE. 1 hope it will be enforced.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And i hope that it
will be enforced, also, agtunst members on the
ot her side of the Chamber. We have borne enough,
mote than enough of such language, for two years
past.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
withdraws hisdt-mand to have thegallet les cleared.
The Chair desires to say to gentleman in the gal-
leries, that (Ins being a deliberative body, it is not
becoming this House, or the character of Amer-
ican citizens, to disturb its deliberations by any
expression of approval or disapproval.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The member from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] alluded to-day,
generally, to gentlemen on this side of the House.
There was no mistaking the application. The
language and gesture were both plain enough.
He ventured also, approvingly, to call our atten-
tion to the opinions and couiso of conductof some
Democrats in the State of New Yoik,asif we
were to learn our lessons in Democracy, or m
anything else, fiom thut quarter. Idotiotknow,
certainly, to whom he alluded. Perhaps it was
to a gentleman who spoke not long since in the
city of New York, and advocated on that occa-
sion, what is called in stereotype phrase " the
vigorous prosecution of the war," and who, but
two months previously, addressed assemblages in
the same State a;id city,-m which he proposed
only to take Richmond, and then let the " way-
ward sisters depart in peace." Now, I know of
no one on this side of the Chamber occupying
such a position; and I, certainly, will not go to
that quarter to learn lessons in patriotism or De-
mociacy.
1 have already said that it is not my purpose to
debate the genera! merits of this bill at large, and
for the reason that I am satisfied that argument is
of no avail here. I appeal, therefore, to the peo-
ple. Before them I propose to try this great ques-
tion —the question of constitutional power, and of
the unwise and injudicious exercise of it in this
bill. We have been compelled, repeatedly, since
the 4th of March, 1861, to appeal to the same tri-
bunal. We appealed to it at the recent election.
And the people did pronounce judgment upon our
appeal. The member from Pennsylvania ought
to have heard their sentence, and 1 venture to say
that he did hear it, on the night of the election, in
Ohio they spoke as with the voice of many waters.
The very question of summai y and arbitrary ar-
rests, now sanctioned in this bill, was submitted,
as a direct issue, to the people of that State, as
also of other States, and their verdict was ren-
dered upon it. The Democratic con%mtioo of
Ohio assembled on the 4th of July, in the city of
Columbus, the largest and best ever held in the
State, amongother resolutions of the same temper
and spirit, adopted this without a dissenting voice:
" And we utterly condemn anil denounce th« repeated
and gioss violation, by the Executive of the United States,
of the rights thus seeuied by tlie Constitution; and we also
utterly repudiate ami condemn the num.-tiou?. dogma, that
in uuie of war the Constitution is suspended, or its power
in any respect enlarged beyond the letter and true moaning
of that instrument.
" And we view, aho, with indignation and alarm, th«
illegal find unconstitutional seizure and Imprisonment, for
alleged political offerees, ot our eittzcns, without judicial
process*, in States where such proce>s i- unob.-itructed, hut
by executive order by telegraph, or otherwise, and cali upon
all who uphold the Union, tne Constitution, and the laws,
to umto with u< in denouncing and repelling such flagrant
violation of the State and Federal Constitutions, and tyran-
nical infraction ot the rights and liberties of American cit-
izens; and that tin; people of this State cannot safei.it
and will not submit to have the freedom of speech and
freedom of the press, the two great and essential bulwarks
of civd liberty, put down by unwarranted and despotic
exertion of power."
On that the judgment of the people was given
at the October elections, and the party candidates
nominated by the convention which adopted that
resolution, were triumphantly elected. So, too,
with the candidates of the same party in the
States of Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey, and New York. And, sir,
that "healthy reaction," recently, of which the
member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] af-
fected to boast, has escaped my keenest sense of
vision. I see only that handwriting on the wall
which the fingers of the people wrote against him
and his party and this whole Administration, at
the ballot-box, in October and November last.
Talk to me, indeed, of the leniency of the Exec-
utive! too few arrests! too much forbearance by
those in power! Sir, it is the people who have
been too ietuent. They have submitted to your
oppressions and wrongs as no free people ought
ever to submit. But the day of patient endurance
has gone by at last. Mistake them not. They will
be lenient no longer. Abide by the Constitution,
stand by the laws, restore the CJnion if you can
restore it—not by force; you have tried that and
failed. Try some other method now—the ancient,
the approved, the reasonable way—the way in
which the Union was first made. Surrender it not
now—not yet—never. But unity is not Union;
and attempt not, at your peril—I warn you—to
coerce unity by the utter destruction of the Con-
stitution and of the rights of the States and the
liberties of the people. Union is liberty and con-
sent: unity is despotism and force. For what was
the Union ordained ? As a splendid edifice, to at-
tract the gaze and admiration of the world? As a
magnificent temple.—a stupendous superstructure
of marble and iron, like this Capitol, upon whose
lofty dome the bronzed image—hollow and inan-
imate—of freedom is soon to stand erect in colos-
sal mockery, while the true spirit, the livinggod-
dess of liberty, veils her eyes and turns away her
face in sorrow, because, upon the altar established
here, and dedicated by our fathers to her worship,
you, a false and most disloyal priesthood, offer
up, night and morning, the mingled sacrifices of
servitude and despotism? No, sir. It was for
the sake of the altar, the service, the religion, the
devotees, that the temple of the Union was first
erected; and when these are all gone, let the edi-
fice itself perish. Never—never—never—will the
people consent to lose their own personal and po 
litical rights and liberties, to the end that you may
delude and mock them with the splendid unity of
despotism.
Sir, what are the bills which have passed, or
are still before the House? The bill to give the*
President entire control of the currency—thfe
purse—of the country, A tax bill to clothe him
