826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
merrt itself should receive it. I think it is dis-
reputable to a Government to issue and force on
its people paper money that it will not take iiself.
I think that of itself is a clear indication that those
who issue it have no confidence in it. If this money
is issued and forced on the people, the Govern-
mentshouldtakeitforall itspublicdues. Itshould
treat the people as it does itself. It should not
compel them to use a depreciated currency, while
itself, for a large portion of its public dues, de-
mands coin.
These are amendments that I shall propose.
Whether they will be adopted or not I am unable
to say, but I think they would vastly improve the
bill. In moving these amendments, I have no ref-
erence to the war, but desire to improve the bill,
and enable Congress, if they do force this bill
through the two Houses, to have a prospect at
least of giving the people a sounder currency than
they will have without the amendments that I
suggest.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that there can-
not be a vote on the question propounded by the
Senator to-night, and as there is important busi-
ness to be transacted ill executivesession, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is put,
I desire to state that as the business of the session
is very much crowded I shall hope to get a vote
on this bill to-morrow. ■
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 9, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the. Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
riie Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PUBLIC SUItVKYSJN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before tlio House resolutions of the Legislature of
Kansas, asking for an appropriation for public sur-
veys in the State of Kansas; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed. '
pauoijKS to rebel omcKits.
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House n
communication from the Secretary of War, tians-
mitting a report from the General-in-Chief in an-
swer to a resolution of the House oft In; 30th ultimo,
as to parolea granted to rebel officers since the
pioclamation of Jefferson Davis refusing paroles
(0 Federal officers; whieh was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
john' hutchinson.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War rela-
tive to the claim of John Hutchinson, of Wash-
ington city, for damages sustained at the hands of
the Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
jtixes from contractors, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General, con-
taining a report of fines and deductions from pay
of contractors for the year ending 30th of June,
1862; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be punted.
■ SHIP canals.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in or-
der was the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 718) to constructa ship canal for the passage
of armed and naval vessels from the Mississippi
river to Lake Michigan, and for the cnlaigement
of the locks of the Erie canal and the Oswego
canal of New Yoik, to adapt them to the defense
of the northern lakes, upon which the previous
question had been demanded and seconded.
pacific itailitoad.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, made
a supplementary report from the select commit-
tee on the Pacific railroad, accompanied by a re-
port to accompany House bill No. 620; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted to the se-
lect committee.
February 9,
indian appropriation kill.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, report-
ed from the Committee of Ways and Means a bill
milking appropriations for the'eurrentand contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various tribes ot
Indians for the year ending the 30th of June, 1864;
which was referred to the Committeeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
the special order for Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1864; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the consideration
of this bill be postponed until Friday next, and
made the special order for that day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe it was understood
a few days since that Friday should be considered
objection day upon private bills.
Mr. STEVENS. Then say Saturday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he can move at
any lime to make this bill a special order.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw the motion
for the piesent.
washington and new york railroad.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the bill reported
from the select committee upon the construction
of adircct railroad between Washington and New
York city be printed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
resolutions op maine legislature.
Mr. IllCE, of Ma ine, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature or
the State ot Maine relative to the defenses of our
northeastern fiontier; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be punted.
UEPKESENTATIVJS FUOM TENNESSEE.
Mr, DAWES, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee ot Elections, to whom were referred
the petition and accompanying papers of John B.
Rogeis, claiming a seat in this Mouse as a Rep-
resentative from the State of Tennessee, reported
the following resolution; which was laid on the
Ujble, and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, Thai John B. Rogers is* not entitled to a seat
in tin? floiKc .*•  a ttepie&uutrUive trom the Suite of Ten-
nessee.
MICflSAfiK FHOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the Blouse that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bills of that body, in
wh ich t lie concurrence ot the House was requested:
I An act (No. 48*2) to establish an office of regis-
ter of deeds for the District of Columbia; and
| An act (No. 337) extending the time for carry-
| mg into effect the provisions of the third section
, of the act entitled An act relative to highways
1 m the county of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia/' approved May 3, 1862.
representative from virginia.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee ofEleciions, to whom were referred the
credentials ot Lewis McKenzie, claiming a seat in
the House from the seventh congressional district
of Yiiginia, reported the following resolution;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
pi in ted:
Revolt ed, That Le\vi« McKenzie is not entitled to a seat
in tins House as a Reprer-entauve from the seventh con-
giessionai district of Vngmia.
VF. AV. RLCmiOND.
On motion of Mr. McKNIGHT, theCommit-
i tee on Foreign Affairs was discharged from the
, further consideration of the petition of W. W.
Richmond; and the same was laid on the table.
mechanical report op tiie patent office.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent,introduced
the following resolution: which was leferred under
the rule to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved^ That twenty thousand extra copies of the me-
chanical report of the Patent Office department be printed
for the use of this House.
eighth census.
Mr. CLARK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Printing, reported the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That theie be printed, under the direction of
the Superintendent of the Ohmh, and bound, for the use
ot the present members, of this House, ten thousand copies
of the several pari-* of the eighth census, as the same may
be supplied to the Superintendent of Public Piloting.
eeynolds's exploration.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
asked leave to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the present
House five thousand copies of the report of Captain Rey-
nolds's exploration of the Yellow Stone river during the
year i860, in pamphlet form.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I shall renew it.
correction of the journal.
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I was in the House on Wednesday last,
and voted upon the bill appointing a commission
to codify the laws of the United States. The Cleric
'did not enter my name; and I now ask unanimous
consent to have it entered in the affirmative.
No objection being made, the Journal was
amended accordingly.
ship canals.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 738, in
reference to ship canals, upon which the previous
question has been seconded. The question is on
ordering; the main question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. After the previous question
has been seconded a call of the Hbuse is not in
order, except, in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to be heard five minutes upon this question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table. I would suggest that there will be no ob-
jection by the opponents of this bill to a direct
vote upon the bill and amendments, provided we
can have a call of the House to insure the pres-
ence of all the members.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Allow me to suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana that after the main
question is ordered the gentleman who reported
the bill will be entitled to speak an hour if he
chooses, and that before he concludes in all prob-
ability the House will be full. If not, then the
gentleman can move to adjourn, or take any other
measure to secure a full attendance. We desire
a full House as much as the opponents of the
measure do. *
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon ordeiing the main question.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Th" question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 61, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^r4?. Aldt K'h, William J Allen, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Bakei, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake,
Buffinron, Casey, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Dawes,
Diven, Edvv.iuK, Ehot, El>, Samuel C. Fe^endeu, Thomas
A. I). Fes.-enden, Franehof. (Jnodvvm, Granger, Hnight,
Hickman, Hooper, florton, Hutching Julian. 'France~W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejov, Mc-
Indoo, Noell, Olin, John II. Uiet, Riddle, Saigetit, riegar,
Sheffield, Sherman. Sloan, Smith.Sp.midina,Tiowbi idsre,
Van Valkenhuigh, Van Wyek, Walker. Wall, Wallace,
Walton, Waul, Washburne, Albert S/White, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodruff—61
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baiiy, Diddle, Samuel S. Blair,
Calvert, Clement^, Cobb, Fiedeuck A. Conklmir, Crisfield,
Cutler, Dunn, Edgerton, Fenton, Gtirlej, Hall, Ilaiding,
IlairiMm, Uolman, Kclley, Kenigau, Kilfinaer. Leurv,Me-
Kniffht, McPheison, Mallory, Mnynanl, Metizies, AJiteh-
ell, Moorhead, Ju-mn S. Moirill/Moin?, Noble, Noiton,
Odell. Pondictoti, Porter, Shellabnrger, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Stiatton, Francis Thomas, Tumble, Valiandig-
iiam, Wadswouh. Whalcy, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe,
Worcester, aud Yeaman—49.
So the main question was orderea.
During the call of tho roll,
Mr. ALLEY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Verree.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, stated that he was
