1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31th Cons....3d Sess.
The Conscription Bill—Mr. Vallanddgham.
Ho. of Reps.
one of these provisions is ignored or violated by
this bill.
41 No person"—
Says the Constitution—
" shall be convicted of treason"—
As just defined—
" unless on the testimony of two witnesses."
Where and when, and by whom, sir, are the
two witnesses to be examined, and under what
oath? By your provost marshals, your captains
of cavalry ? By the jailors of your military bas-
tiles, and inside of Forts Warren and La Fayette ?
Before arrest, upon arrest, while in puson,when
discharged, or at any time at all ? Has any wit-
ness ever been examined in any case heretofore?
What means the Constitution by declaring that
no person shall be convicted of treason " unless on
the testimony of two witnesses ?" Clearly, convic-
tion in a judicial court, upon testimony openly
given under oath, with all the sanctions and safe-
guards of a judicial trial to the party accuscd-
And if any doubt there could be upon this point,
it is removed by the sixth article of the amend,
merits.
But the Constitution proceeds:
" Unions on the testimony of two witnesses to the same
overt act."
But words, and still less, thoughts or opinions,
sir, are not acts; and yet nearly every case of ar-
bitrary arrest and imprisonment, in the wholly
loyal States, at least, has been for words spoken
or written, or for thoughts or opinions supposed
to be entertained by the party arrested. And
that, too, sir, is precisely what is intended by this
bill.
But further:
" The testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act,
or confession in open court."
What court? The court of some deputy pro-
vost marshal at home, or of your Provost Mar-
shal General or.Tudge Advocate General here in
Washington? The court of a military bastile,
whose gates are shut day and night against every
officer of the law, and whose very casemates are
closed to the light and air of heaven ? Call you
that " open couit?" Not so the Constitution. It
means judicial court, law court, with judge and
jury and witnesses and counsel; and to speak of
u as anything else is a confusion of language,
and an insult to intelligence and common sense.
Yet, to-night, you deliberately propose to enact
the illegal and unconstitutional executive orders,
or proclamations of last summer, into the sem-
blance and form of law.
"To inquire into treasonable practices," says
the bill. So, then, your provost marshals are to
be deputy spies to the grand spy, holding his se-
cret inquisitions here in Washington, upon seciet
repents, sent by telegraph, perhaps, or through
the mails, both under the contiol of the Execu-
tive. What right has he to arrest and hold me
without a hearing, because some deputy spy of
his chooses to report me guilty of" disloyalty,"
or of " treasonable practices?" Is this the lib-
erty secured by the Constitution ? Sir, let me tell
you that if the purpose of this bill be to crush out
all opposition to the Administration and the party
m power, you have no constitutional right to en-
act it, and not force enough to compel the people,
your masters, to submit.
But the enormity of the measure does not stop
lieie. Says the Constitution:
" Congress f-hsill make no law abridging the freedom of
speech or of tlie press."
And yet speech—mere words, deiogatory to the
President, or in opposition to his administration
and Ins paity and policy, have, over and over
again, been reported by the spies and informers
and shadows, or other minions, of the men in
power, to be " disloyal practices,55 for which hun-
dieds of free A met lean citizens, of Ameucan, not
Afiican descent, have been airested and impris-
oned for months, without public accusation, and
without trial by jury, oi tual at all. Even upon
pretense of guiltof that most vague and indefinite,
but most comprehensive of ai i offenses, "discour-
aging enlistments," men have been seiZf d at mid-
night. and drugged from their beds, their homes,
and their families, to be shut up in the stone case-
mates of your military fortresses, as felons. And
now, by this bill, you propose to declare, in the
form and semblance of law, that whoever " coun-
sels or dissuades" any one from the performance
of the military duty required under this conscrip-
tion, shall be summarily arrested by your provost
marshals, and held without trial till the draft shall
have been completed. Sir, even the "sedition
law"of '98 wasconstitutional,merciful,andjust,
compared with thisexecrable enactment. Wisely
did Hamilton ask, in the Federalist, " Whatsig-
nifies a declaration that the liberty of the press
(orof speech) shall be inviolably preserved, when
its security must altogether depend on public
opinion, and on the general spirit of the people, and
of the Government?"
But this extraordinary bill does not stop here.
" No person,"
Says the Constitution,
" No pei son shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous enme, unless on a piesentrnent or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land-and
naval foiee, or in the militia when in actual service in time
of war or public danger; nor be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due pioeess of law."
Note the exception. Every man not in the mil-
itary service is exempt from arrest except by due
process of law; or, being arrested without it, is
entitled to demand immediate inquiry and dis-
charge, or bail; and if held, then presentment or
indictment by a grand jury in a civil court, and
according to the law of the land. And yet you
now propose by this bill, in addition to the one
million two hundred and thirty-seven thousand
men who have voluntaiily surrendered that great
right of freemen, sccond only to the ballot—and,
indeed, essential to it—to take it away forcibly
and against their consent, from three millions
more, whose only crime is that they happen to
have been so born as to be now between the ages
of twenty and forty-five. Do it, if you can, un-
der the Constitution; and when you have thus
forced them into the military service they will be
subject to military law, and not entitled to arrest
only upon due process of law, nor to indictment
by a grand jury in a civil court. Bo* you can-
not, you shall not—because the Constitution for-
bids it—deprive the whole people, also, of the
United States of these rights, "inestimable to
them and formidable to tyiants only," under the
"war power," or upon pretense of "military
necessity," and by virtue of an act of Congress
creating and defining new treasons, new offenses,
not only unknown to the Constitution, but ex-
pressly excluded by it.
But again:
" In all criminal prosecutions"—
And wherever a penalty is to be imposed, im-
prisonment oi fine inflicted, it is a criminal pros-
ecution—
" In all cnminal piohccutions"—
Says the Constitution—
" ttie accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public
trial, by an impaitial jury of the State and district wherein
the enine phall have been committed, which di^tnct shall
have been pievioiMy a*cettmned bylaw; and to he in-
formed of the natuie and cause of the atcur-aiion; to be
rontionied with the witnesses agam.st ltini; to have com-
pulsory ptoce>f for obtaining wime-se-; in hi* favor, and to
have the assistance of couusel lor his defense."
Do you propose to allow any of these rights?
No, sir; none—not one; but, in the twenty-fifth
section, you empower these provost marshals of
youis to uirest any man—men notundei military
law—whom he may charge, or any one else may
charge befoi c him, with "counseling or dissuad-
ing" from military service, and to hold him in
confinement indefinitely, until the draft has been
completed. Sit, has it been completed m Con-
necticut yet ? Is it complete in New York ? Has
it been given up ? If so now, nevertheless it was
in process of pretended execution for months. In
any event, you propose now to leave to the dis-
cretion of the Executive the time during which
all persons aire&ted under the provisions of this
bill, shall be held in confinement upon that sum-
mary and arbitral y arrest; and when he sees fit,
and then only, shall the accused be delivered over
to the civil authorities for trial. And is this the
speedy and public trial by jury which the Con-
stitution secures to every citizen not in the mili-
tary service ?
"The State and district wherein the crime"—
Yes, crime, for crime it must be, known ip and
defined by law, to justify the arrest-r-
"shall have been committed, which district shall have
been previously ascertained by law."
Do you mean to obey that, and to observe State
lines or district lines in arrests and imprison-
ments? Has it ever been done? Were not Keyes
and Olds and Mahoney and Sheward, and my
friend here to the left, [Mr. Allen, of Illinois,]
and my other friend from Maryland, [Mr. Mat j
dragged from their several States and districts to
New York or Massachusetts or to this city? The
pirate, the murderer, the counterfeiter, the thief
.—you would have seized by due and sworn pro-
cess of law, and tried forthwith, Joy jury, at
home; but honorable and guiltless citizens, mem-
bers of this House, your peers upon'this floor,
were thrust, and may again, under this bill, be
thrust into distant dungeons and bastiles, upon
the pretense of some crawling, verminous spy
and informer that they have " dissuaded" some
one from obedience to the draft, or are otherwise
guilty of some " treasonable practice."
'•And to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation."
How? By presentment or indictmentof a grand
jury. When? " Speedily," says the Constitu-
tion. " When the draft is completed," says this
bill; and the President shall determine that. But
who is to limit and define " counseling or dis-
suading" from military service? Who shall as-
certain and inform the accused of the " nature
and cause" of a " treasonable practice?" Who,
of all the thousand victims of arbitrary arrests,
within the last twenty-two months, even to this
day, has been informed of the charge against
him, although long since released ? Yet even a
Roman pro-consul, in a conquered province, re-
fused to send up a prisoner without signifying the
crimes with which he was charged,
"To be confronted with the witnesses against liim."
Witnesses, indeed ! Fortunate will be the ac-
cused if there be any witnesses against him. But
is your deputy provost marshal to call them ? Oh,
no; he is only to " inquire into, and report." Is
your Provost Marshal General? What! call wit-
nesses from the remotest parts of the Union to a
secret inquisition here in "Washington. Has any
" prisoner of State" hitherto been confronted with
witnesses at any time? Has he even been allowed
to know so much as the names of his accusers?
Yet Festus could boast that it was not the man-
ner of the Romans to punish any man "before
that he, which is accused, have the accusers face
to face."
" To have compulsory proeess for obtaining witnesses in
his favor."
Sir, the compulsory process will be, uuder this
bill, as it has been from the first, to compel the
absence, rather, of notonly the witnesses, but the
friends and nearest relatives of the accused; even
the wife of his bosom and his children—the in-
mates of his own household. Newspapers, the
Bible, letters from ho me,except under surveillance,
a breath of air, a sight of the waves of the sea, or
of the mild, blue sky, the song of bitds, whatever
was denied to the prisoner of Chillon, and more,
too; yes, even a solitary lamp in the casemate,
where a dying prisoner struggled with death, all
have been refused to the American citizcn accused
of disloyal speech or opinions, by this most just
and merciful Administration.
And, finally, says the Constitution:
"To have the assistance of counsel for his defense."
And yet your Secretary of State, the " con-
servative"Seward—the confederate of Weed, ihat
treacherous, dissembling foe to constitutional lib-
erty and the true interests of his country—for-
bade his prisoners to employ counsel, under pen-
alty of prolonged imprisonment. Yes, charged
with treasonable practices, yet the demand for
counsel was to be dealt with as equal to treason
itself. Here is an order, signed by a minion of
Mr. Seward, and read to the prisoners at Fort La
Fayette, on the 3d of December, 1861:
tl I am instructed by the Secretaiy of State to inform you
that the Department of State of the United States toill not
recognize anyone as an attorney for 'political ;>riso?iers, and
wilf took with di&uusi upon all application-? for release
through such channel* ; and that such applications trill he
regarded as additional reasons for declining to release the
prisoners."
