THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mi'. WICKL1FF&. Ok, ye?, you abject, of
course. You don't want the 'facts to come out.
' Mr. MOORHEAD. I am holding the floor only
the courtesy of the gentleman from New York,
and lie julmonishes me that my time is nearly out.
| was about saying that all practical men know
|bis to be a preposterous proposition as a war
measure. I did not suppose that it would be
pressed with such pertinacity; but it has been.
As I said at the commencement of my remarks,
if this measure were pressed as a commercial
measure there would be great merit in it. I pro-
fess to be an internal improvementman, and have
been all my life; and i can very well see how the
cheapening of the transit of produce from the rich
Northwest to the sea-board would be not only a
great local benefit but a great national benefit, be-
cause rt gives us foreign'exchange. 1 understand
that subject, I think, perfectly; and, at the proper
time, I would not raise my voice against any meas-
ure of internal improvement by the General Gov-
ernment. I do not belong to that tight-laced school
of politicians. I think that, at the proper time, the
Government should do something of this kind.
But now, when we are groaning under the debts
which have accumulated in consequence of this
war, when we are unable to get money even to
pay our soldiers in the field, and when the best
minds of the country are working at projects to
relieve this Government from its financial difficul-
ties, I do not think we ought to appropriate these
large sums of money for any sucn purposes.
Mr. OLIN resumed the floor.
Mr. ARNOLD. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir; for a moment.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
suggestions of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moorhead,] I desire to call the attention
of the House to a statement made by the distin-
guished naval officer now in command of the fleet
upon the Mississippi. It has never been con-
tended by the friends of the bill now before the
House that the river boats, boats framed and con-
structed for the navigation of the Mississippi river,
were suitable for lake service. It is as a means of
transferring the light draught gunboats which are
manufactured for service upon the ocean, and in-
troducing them into the lakes for the purpose of
defense, that this measure is recommended to the
consideration of the House as a military measure;
and upon that subject 1 want to call the attention
of the House to a statement made by Rear Ad-
miral D. D. Porter, commanding the Mississippi
squadron. He says:
" That ca canal and locks of the dimensions contemplated
will pass nearlyevery large light draught gunboat we have in
the Navy, or that would he built tor lake or sea service.'
'Any vessel drawing eight feet can be lightened to six and
a half feet, by taking out her battery, coal, and stores.'
Ui; then name* severui boats, of both the river and sea-
going classes, which could pass through the canal, adding,
*ond some fiuy vessels of their class.' This, i take it, is
satisfactory on this point, about which some good friends
of the project had entertained doubts."
Now, sir, the fact stated here has never been
contradicted, and is not contradicted by the state-
ment of Admiral Foote, that we have now afloat
more than fifty vessels built for ocean service in
the Gwhf of Mexico and elsewhere, that can be
taken to the lakes through this channel when con-
structed in the manner proposed. Rear Admiral
Foote simply expresses the opinion that the frail
light draught gunboats manufactured for service
on the Mississippi river, for service there and on
the Tennessee and Cumberland, will not stand
the heavy sens of the lakes—a position which
has never been controverted by the friends of this
measure. 1 will not further occupy the time of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, 1 regret that, upon
this occasion, I shall not be able to command the
attention of the House for a few moments to listen
to such suggestions as I may be able to present to
the consideration of the House in favor of the
measure before it—a measure which I regard as
one of more magnitude, of greater importance,
affecting more widely and deeply the interests of
the entire country, than any measure oflegislation
which has been before this Congress. I would to
God that I had time to give utterance to the mul-
titude of considerations that are pressing upon my
mind with such overwhelming weight. Sir, I shall
not take occasion to step aside from the main ques-
tion before the House to answer some reflections
which have been made by gentlemen in reference
to my conduct respecting this measure. I wish
to call the attention of the House to some great
facts about which there is no dispute, and about
which there can be no dispute. I am fully aware,
Mr. Speaker, that some minds are so constituted
that a great fact makes no other or different im-
pression upon them than does a great lie. They
look upon both with amazement and wonder, and
that is the end of it.
Now, sir, this measure is recommended by
every department of this Government, except the
legislative, and yet we are told here, and told by
the professed friends of this Administration, that
the measure is preposterous, wasteful, and extrav-
agant.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gunboat part of it.
Mr. OLIN. No, sir, it is recommended, the
gunboat part of it and all, by every department
of your Government as a measure of prudence and
policy at this time, and yet it is denounced here as
a wild scheme by some men who profess to be the
friends of this Administration—-men who, thank
God, do notkjiow enough to know whose friends
they are.
Mr. MOORHEAD. You will drive off your
Democratic allies.
Mr. OLIN. Well, let them be driven off. I
cannot help that. I am called upon to speak the
truth in the fear of God, and I shall do it during
the brief remainder of my service here, and that
period, I reverently thank God, will soon end.
[Laughter.]
Let me attempt to gnswer some objections made
to this measure. It is said that the country is not
in a situation to engage in this enterprise at this
time. In no situation to engage in an enterprise
of this kind! What is proposed to be done? Sim-
ply to loan the credit of the Government for twenty
years to aid the States in accomplishing this great
work. The Government advances not a dollar.
No embarrassment is thrown upon its financial op-
erations. On theotherhand, the measure would do
more to sustain the national credit than any or all
others which have been proposed; for I undertake
to say that there is notafinancier in the whole coun-
try who cannot demonstrate to the comprehension
of every intelligent man in it that if these canals
had not afforded during the past year the facilities
which they have for bringing the produce of the
West to the Atlantic coast, our Government would
ere this have been as hopelessly bankrupt as the
southern confederacy now is.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I aver that this measure can
be demonstrated to the comprehension of every
intelligent man in the country to be one that will
reduce the cost of transportation between the pro-
ductive West and the Atlantic coast fifteen cents
on every bushel of corn, and in the same propor-
tion for wheat; and if that be so, in one season
alone, assuming the surplus breadstuffs of the
West to be no greater than that of last season,
the aggregate saving in the cost of transportation
would be over sixteen million dollars in one year.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from New York has stated that
this measure has been recommended by the De-
partments. I raise the point that it is against the
rule to cite the opinion of the Departments.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. OLIN. Is not this a poor return for the
courtesy I have extended to the gentleman who
has just attempted to raise a point of order on me
after having given him a portion of my time? The
gentleman has evidently not read the President's
message. He evidently does not understand the
constitutional provision requiring him to recom-
mend to Congress such measures as he may deem
of importance. Now, the President has lecom-
mended this measure; and it is a fair presump-
tion, I think, that the other members of the Ad-
ministration concur in that recommendation. My
friend will now see and feel how ungracious it is
in him to undertake to raise that point of order,
after my generously giving him a portion of my i
time; especially so poor a point of order as he has
made.
I have stated, Mr. Speaker, that this measure
was recommended by the Administration, and,
as I believe, with the concurrence of every mem-
ber of it, because it is a fair presumption, I think,
in the absence of proof to the contrary, that the
members of the Cabinet concurin the recommend-
ations of the President. I have not conversed
with the Secretary of the Treasury in reference
to this measure, and perhaps it would lap of no
importance for the House to know what his opin-
ions are upon the subject. But I venture to say
that to-day, embarrassed as the Secretary of the
Treasury may be in providing means for the sup-
port of the General Government in the prosecu-
tion of this war, if you go to him and ask him
his opinion in regard to this measure, he will state
to you that there has been no measure before
Congress better calculated to sustain the national
credit and aid the Government in the prosecution
of the war than this identical measure. I say this
because I know his comprehensive intellect is ca-
pable of grasping the full magnitude of this meas-
ure. Look at the extent of our exports to foreign
countries during the past year. You have had
to pay no discount upon them. These exports
pay your debts and buy your goods abroad. You
are mainly indebted to the State of New York for
the policy which has opened channels of commu-
nication by which the farmer of Illinois, of Wis-
consin, and of Missouri, can transporthis bread-
stuffs to the Atlantic coast, and compete abroad in
the markets of Europe. These exports last year
amounted to $212,000,000. Without the aid of
the New York canals, not a bushel of the $212,-
000,000 exports would have left our shores. Now
if these improvements were completed, the capa-
city of the canals would be increased threefold.
Other things being equal, the people that can sup-
ply the breadstuffs of the world will rule the world.
Only give the grain-growing West facilities equal
to their resources of production, and they will
soon control the markets ofthe world.
Now, you may set at defiance the people of the
Northwest to-day; you may say to them, " do not
come here with your cormorant demands on the
Treasury;" but I tell you that, by and by, that
people will dictate their own terms to you. They
will not much longer permit this question to be
treated in the spirit of a railroad attorney. I re-
peat, that that people will address you by and by
in a language which you will understand. They
will say, "we ask no favors from you; we no
longer beg of you for our rights, we demand them;
we have the numerical force to do it. You may
put us at defiance now; but the time is coming,
and speedily coming, when we will dictate the
policy of this country."
Mr. Speaker, we hear on one side of this House
—and that, too, on the Republican side—if this
measure is passed, the people will not stand it,
and will go out of the Union. The itch of seces-
sion has already crossed the broad aisle of this
House. We are told, with a threat, by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Porter] that the peo-
ple of Indiana will not stand this. Not stand
what? Not stand having an enlarged avenue of
trade with the East; not having additional facili-
ties for sending their surplus provisions to mar-
ket, facilities which have made Indiana what she
is to-day? The people of Indiana, we are told,
arealready overburdened with taxes. Ah ! indeed,
is that so? Who pay your taxes ? You say you
have got nothing but land out West. We all know
that is not taxed at' all. The farmers of the West
are, it) fact, exempt from this taxation which we
have levied on the merchants, manufacturers, and
consumers of the eastern and middle States.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that this is not a mili-
tary measure, and the only argument or reason as-
signed in proof of this assertion is that it is inevi-
tably a great commercial measure. Well, is there
any objection to it on that ground ? If it has some
military importance, and still greater commercial
importance, is it for that reason objectionable?
But let us look at its military importance. There
are more than four thousand miles of coast line
on the great lakes utterly undefended, and which
can be defended in no other way than by holding
command of those lakes. The country bordering
on these great lakes is of vastly more consequence
than the country bordering on the Atlantic coast,
leaving out of consideration the three cities of Bos-
ton, New York, and Philadelphia. One gunboat
on these lakes would destroy in twenty-four hours
more property than could be destroyed and do
more damage than could be done on the remain-
der of the continent, except by burning the cities
of Boston, New York, ana Philadelphia. Besides
that, Mr. Speaker, if the communication between
the Atlantic and the lakes were stopped, the sup-
