1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
37th Cojstg....3d Sess.
The Conscription Bill—Mr. VaUandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
if the question be dper brought before the Supreme
Court of the United Slates, undoubtedly it will be
so decided, finally and forever. You yourselves
now admit it; and at this moment, your " indem-
nity bill," a measure more execrable than even
this consc if>tion, and liable to every objection
which 1 have urged against it, undertakes to au-
thorize the President to suspend the writ ail over
or in any part of the United States. Sir, I deny
that you can thus delegate your right to the Ex*-
ecutive. Even your own power is conditional.
You cannot suspend the writ except where the
public safety requires it, and then only in cases of
rebellion orinvasion. A foreign war) not brought
home by invasion, to our own soil, does not au-
thorize the suspension, in any case. And who is
to judge whether and where there is rebellion or
invasion, and whether and when the public safety
requires that the writ be suspended? Congress
alone, and they cannot substitute the judgmentof
the President for their own. Such, too, is the opin-
ion of Story: "The right to judge," says he,
" whether exigency has arisen, must exclusively
belong to that body." But not so under the bill
which passed this House the other day.
Nor is this all. Congress alone can suspend
the writ. When and where? In cases of rebel-
lion or invasion. Where rebellion? Where in-
vasion? Am I to be told that because there is
rebellion in South Carolina the writ of habeas
corpus can be suspended in Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts where there is none? Is that the
meaning of the Constitution? No, sir; the writ
can be suspended only where the rebellion or in-
vasion exists—in States, or parts of States, alone,
where the enemy, foreign or domestic, is found
in arms; and moreover, the public safety can re-
quire its suspension only where there is rebellion
or invasion. Outside of these conditions, Con-
gress has no more authority to suspend the writ
than the President, and, least of all, to suspend
it without limitation as to time, and generally all
over the Union, and in Stales not invaded or in
rebellion. Such an act of Congtess is of no more
validity, and no more entitled to obedience, than
an executive proclamation; and in any just and
impartial court I venture to affirm that it will be
so decided.
But again, sir, even though the writ be consti-
tutionally suspended, there is no more power in
the President to make arbitrary arrests than with-
out it. The gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sheffield] said, very justly—and I am sorry to
see him lend any support to this bill—that the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus does not
authorize arrests except upon sworn warrant,
charging some offense known to the law and dan-
gerous to the public safety. He is right. It does
not; and this was so admitted in the bill which
passed the Senate in 1807. The suspension only
denies release upon bail, or a discharge without
trial, to parties thus arrested. Jt suspends no
other right or privilege under the Constitution—
certainly not (he right to a speedy public trial by
jury in a civil court. It dispenses with no "due
process of law, "except only that particular writ,
it does not take away the claim for damages to
which a party illegally arrested, or legally ar-
rested, but without probable cause, is entitled.
And yet, everywhere, it has been assumed that
a suspension of tiie writ of habeas corpus is a sus-
pension of the entire Constitution and of all laws,
so far as the personal rights of the citizen are
concerned, and that, therefore, the moment it is
suspended, either by the President, as heretofore
asserted, or by Congress, as now about to be au-
thorized, arbitrary arrests, without sworn war-
rant or other due process of law, may be made
at the sole pleasure or discretion of the Execu-
tive. I tell you no; and that, although we may
not be able to take the body of the party arrested
fn m the provost marshal by writ of habeas cor-
pus, every other right and piivilege of the Con-
stitution and of the common law remains intact,
including the right to resist the wrong-doer or
trespasser, who, without due authority, would
violate your person, or enter your house, winch
is your castle; and,after all this,the right also to
prosecute on indictment or for damages, as the
nature or aggravation of the case may demand.
And yet, as claimed by you of the party in power,
ihe suspension of this wiit is a total abrogation
of the Constitution and of the liberties of the
citizcn and the rights of the States. Why, then,
sir, stop with arbitrary arrests and imprison-
ments? Does any man believe that it will end
here? Not so have I learned history. The guil-
lotine ! the guillotine! the guillotine follows next.
Sir, when one of those earliest confined in Fort
La Fayette—I had it from his own hps—made
complaint to the Secretary of State of the injus-
tice of his arrest, and the severity of the treat-
ment to which he had been subjected in the ex-
ercise of arbitrary power, no offense being alleged
against him, " why," said the Secretary, with a
smile of most significant complacency, " my dear
sir, you ought not to complain; we might have gone
furtherLight flashed upon the mtnd of the
gentleman, and he replied: "Ah! that is true,
sir; you had just the same right to behead as to
arrest and imprison me." And shall it come to
this? Then, sir, let us see who is beheaded first.
It is horrible enough to be imprisoned without
crime, but when it bccomes a question of life or
death, remember the woids of the book of Job—
" All that-a man hath will he give for his life."
Sir, it is this which makes revolutions. A gen-
tleman upon the other side asked this afternoon
which party was to rise now in revolution. The
answer of the able and gallant gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Biddle] was pertinent and
just—"No party, but an outraged people." It
is not, let me tell you, the leaders of parties who
begin revolutions. Never. Did any.one of the
distinguished characters of the Revolution of 1776
participate in the throwing of the tea into Boston
harbor? Who was it? Who, to-day, can name
the actors in that now historic scene? It was not
Hancock, rior Samuel Adams, nor John Adams,
nor Patrick Henry, nor Washington; but men
unknown to fame. Good men agitate; obscure
men be°;in real revolutions; great men finally di-
rect and control them. And if, indeed, we are
about to pass through the usual stages of revolu-
tion, it will not be the leaders of the Democratic
party—not I, not the men with me here lo-night
—butsome man among the people, now unknown
and unnoted, who will hurl your tea into the har-
bor; and it may even be in Boston once again;
for ihe love of liberty. I would fain belieVe, lingers
still under the shadow of the monument on Bun-
ker Hill. But, sir, we seek no revolution—except
through the ballot-box. The conflict to which
wc challenge you, is not of arms but of argument.
Do you b' lieve in the virtue and intelligence of
the people ? Do you admit their capacity for self-
government? Have they not intelligence enough
to understand the right, and virtue enough to pur-
sue it? Come then: meet us through the press,
and with free speech, and before the assemblages
of the people, and we will argue these questions,
as we and our fathers have done from the begin-
ning of ihe Government—"Aie we right or you
ri#ht, we wrong or you wrong?" And by the
judgment of the people we will, one and all, abide.
Sir, I have done now with my objections to this
bill. I have spoken as though the Constitution
survived, and was still the supreme law of the
land. But if, indeed, there be no Constitution
any longer, limiting and restraining the men in
power, then there is nqjic binding upon the States
or the people. God forbid. We have a Consti-
tution yet, and laws yet. To them 1 appeal. Give
us our rtirhts; give us known and fixed laws; give
us the judiciary; arrest ns only upon due process
of law; give us presentment or indictment by
grand juries; speedy and public trial; trial by
jury, and at home; tell us the nature and cause of
the accusation; confront us with witnesses; allow
us witnesses in our behalf, and the assistance of
counsel for our defense; secure us in our persons,
our houses, our papers, and our effects; leave us
arms, not for lesistance to Jaworagainst rightful
authority, but to defend ourselves from outrage
and violence; give us free speech and a free press;
the right peaceably to assemble; and above all,
free and undisturbed elections and the ballot; take
our sons, take our money, our property, take all
else; and we will wait a little, till at the time and
in the manner appointed by Constitution and law
we shall eject you from the trusts you have abused,
and the seats of power you have dishonored, and
other and better men shall reign in your stead.
New Series—No. 12.
