830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ujr&n- it, and instruct their members of Congress
that it was not worth while to spend fabulous sums
of money on any enterprise like this?
Bat if is said this measure is in no sense a mil-
itary measure. We have brought here the state-
ment of the most skillful find scientific man in the
country—Ericsson—showing: this one thing, that
lie could construct a boat and take it through this
canal, drawing six and a half feet of water; that
when its armament was on board it would draw
some nine feet of water; and that a boat drawing
moe feet of water could safely be trusted to nav-
igate the lakes. That, I repeat, was the opinion
of one whom the world believes to be one of the
most sagacious men of the country. He has
proved to the world the sagacity of his improve-
ment. What have we against that opinion ? Why,
sir, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means gets up and wants to know whether there
is anybody who supposes that a boat which could
be got to go through the canal, drawing six feet
of water, could navigate the lakes? Nobody sup-
posed that it ever could. Look at the sagacity of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moor-
head.] Pig iron and coal ask Commodore Foote
whether, in his judgment, vessels only drawing
six feet of water can navigate the waters of
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario, the most dangerous
waters in the West? Nobody ever said that they
could. Nobody ever pretended that they could.
Mr. W ADS WORTH. W ith the gentleman's
permission, I will ask him aquestion. kisargued
by the friends of this bill that the grain of the West
will be carried through these canals to New York.
Now, if a vessel draw ingonly six feet water cannot
safely navigate the lakes, as you admit, would you
leave the grain behind m order to lighten a ship of
heavier draughttlirough the canals?
Mr. OLIN. Nobody ever contemplated that
there should be no transhipment from Illinois to
J he lakes, aud thence to Buffalo.
Mr. Speaker, I was endeavoring to illustrate
this ridiculous objection to tins as a military pro-
ject. I think that I had fully replied to it. The
\essels for the canal are to draw six feet and a
half of water*, and those for the lakes are to draw
nine feet of water. Vessels drawing nine feet of
water can navigate the lakes as well as any boat
in the world.
Reference has been made to this work as a mil-
itary necessity. It was before urged that theie
Was great danger of conflict with Great Britain.
The author of the report, at the beginning of it,
stated theie was imminentdanger of serious com-
plications with Great Britain. At the close of this
report he says that it is not woith while to make
any expenditure in reference to a question so re-
mote and uncertain as a conflict with England.
That is the beginning and end of that report.
1 wish to call the attention of the House for one
moment whether we arc really thieatened with
collision with foreign Powers. When this meas-
ure was introduced had not the French Emperor
importuned Great Britain to intervene in Ameri-
can affairs? Everybody knows that fact. Unless
some success in a sha^t time crowns o*ur arms,
does not every man in this House feel that the
nations o£ Europe will,essay to intervene in our
affairs? There is no intelligent man in this House,
I am sure, who does not feel this measure press-
ing with a thousand-fold mote force upon us this
day than it has before for the past twelve months.
We are in danger this hour of being imperiled
with difficulties with European Powers moie than
we were twelve months ago. At the present mo-
ment they have, unfortunately, too good a provo-
cation to inteimeddle in our affairs." Look what
has already taken place on this continent. What
is the French Emperor now engaged in doing in
Mexico? Does he mean to lessen his grasp there?
We have the s.une policy that invites the coop-
eiation of ai! of the nations of Europe. Does it
mean nothing?
Now, I have no great inteiest in this measure.
Let me say that my State has no great inteiest in
this measure. With her present position, under
the Providence of God, and her present advant-
ages, she stands midway aeioss the channel of
commerce between the West and the East, and
can, at her own pleasure, lay tribute, as she has
done, upon your products. I plead here not for
New York, but for the whole country. 1 have no
other desire than this.
[Here the hammer fell.}
The SPEAKER. Debate has been closed on
this bill.
Messrs. RIDDLE and McKNIGHT asked
and obtained leave to print some remarks on the
bill. [Their remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
The first question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. White, of Indiana, to the amendment of
Mr. Stevens, as follows:
Provided, That the commissioners referred to m the first
section shall not be appointed until a right of way sufficient
for said enlargement shall be gi anted to the United States
free of charge.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded *the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I understand that
the provision is already included in the bill. I
therefore withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment, as follows:
Provided, That before the United States proceed to make
any expondituie under tins act, the State of New Yoik
shall make a conveyance and grant of jurisdiction to the
United States, in the same manner as is provided for in the
first section with regaid to the State of Illinois; and all
the provisions lehuivo to reimbursement of the sums ex-
pended by the United States bv the State of Illinois shall
apply to New Yoik, so as to require her to make similar
reimbursement for sums expended on rhe New Yoik canals.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nay« 64; as follows:
YEAS—Mesf-rs. Ancona, Babbitt, Baily, Diddle, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blan, Make, (Jai vert. Campbell, Clements,
Cobb, Frederick A. Conkhng, Conway, Covode, Ciaveus,
CrisfiehKCiittendeinCutlei. Dunn,Thomas A. I). Fesseu-
den, Grider, Hale, llaiding, Harmon, Hickman. Ilolinan,
Kelley, Killmger, Law. Lazear, Leary, Mclvmght, Mc-
Plierson, Malloiy, May, Mavnard, Menzies, Mitchell,
Moorhead, J usim S. Moinll, Morris, Noble, Noiton, Odell,
P.itton, Pendleton. Poiter, Shanks, Shellabaijzei, YVilliam
G. Steele, Stevens, Stratum, Fianci* Thomas. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Vallaudighain, Wadsworth, Wallace, Chilton
A. White, YVickhtfc, VVoi ec.-tei. Wi ight, and Ycnman—(53.
NAYS—Me&srs. Aldi ich, William J. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B Blair, ltuffinton,
Casey, Chambeihun, Claik, Colfax, Koscoe Conkltng,
Dawes, Delano, Dtven, Edwards. Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Sam-
uel C. Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank, Gooeh, Gianger,
Haight, Hooper, Julian. William Kellogg, Keirigan, Kuapp,
Lansing, Loonns, Lovejoy, Mclndoe, Marion, Ohn, Pike,
Potter, Price, John II. Uiec, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Satgent, Segar, Sherman, Sloan, Smith,
Spauldmg, Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck,
Walker, Wall, Walton, Waid, Washburne, AVbeelei, Al-
bert S. White, Wilson, Windoin, and Woodruff—64.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Burniiam was paired with Mr. Brown, of Vir-
ginia, on this bill.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that he would
have voted against the bill, but that he had paired
with Mr. Corning. Subsequently he stated that
he learned that Mr. Corning could not possibly
be present, and therefore he could not pair with
him.
Mr. ROBINSON stated that he had paired with
Mr. Johnson, who would not leave the Hall until
he had obtained a pair.
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr. Stiles was
paired with Mr. Fouke; and that Mr. Stiles
would have voted for the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan , not being; with-
in the bar when his name was called, asked leave
to vote. Objection was made.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
The question then recurred on Mr. Diven's
substitute.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the attention of the House
to my amendment as it is read.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Strike out ai! after the enacting clause and insert:
That if the State of New Yoik shall, within three juars
from the passage of this act, so construct, alter, and en-
laige her canals as to pass a vessel two hundred feet in
length and twenty-live feet in width, oimk toet six inches
diaught, and eighteen teut in height, mcasuung fiom bot-
tom of keel, Irom the Hudson itver to Lake Erie anil Lake
Ontario, and shall^iam to tin1 Government of the United
States the right of p.iss.tge tlmunjh said canals ol \ easels
ol war, boats gunboats_ ti.mr poi rs. troops, supplies, oi mu-
nitions of war Iico ol toll oi ehatge, upon u< being eemfied
by the Secretary ot the Navy to the Secreran ot theTieas-
uiy, at any time within the three years nfoie.uid, that said
canal- are so consti acted, altered, and enlarged, and that
vessels of the foregoing* dimensions have p-is>ed or can
pnss through the same, and upon the execution of a giant
fiom the State of New Yoik to the Government oi the Uni-
ted States, approved by the President, authorizing, upon
the requisition of the Secretary of War or of the Navy, the
use of the said canals as hereinbefore provided, the Tieas-
urer of the United States shall execute and deliver to the
said State of New York bonds of the United States in sums
of $1,000 each, bearing six pei c nf interest, ledeemable
n> not less than twenty years, with semi-yeailv inteiest
coupons attached, for the sum of &3,500,000.
See. 2. jJnd he it further enacted, That if the State of
Illinois shall, within five vears fiom the passage of tins act,
so construct, alter, and enlarge her canal* as to pass a ves-
sel two bundred feet in length and twenty-five feet in width,
of six feet six inches draught, and eighteen feet in height,
measuring from bottom of keel, from the Mississippi river
to Lake Michigan, and shall grant to the Government of
the United States the jiglit of passage through said canals
of vessels of war, boats, guulm.its, transpoits, troops, sup-
plies, or munitions of war free of toll or charge, upon iti
being certified by the Secretary of the Navv to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, at any time within the five year* afore-
said, that said canals are so eonstiucted, altered, and en-
larged, and that vessels of the foregoing dimensions have
pa* ed oi can pass through the same, and upon the execu-
tion of a giant from the State of Illinois to the Government
ofthe United States, approved bv the President, authouzing,
upon the requisition of the Secretary of War or of the Navy,
the u-e of the bind canals, as hereinbefore piovidcd, the
Treasurerot the United States shall execute and deliver to
the said State of Illinois bonds of the United Stales in sums
of $1,000 each, beating six per cent, interest, redeemable
in not less than twenty year?, with semi-vearly interest
coupons attached, foi the sum of $13,347,000.
Mr. NODLE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which M r. Stevens's amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to recon-
sider the "Vote by which the amendment was re-
jected; and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Withdraw that motion.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BLAICE. My colleague has not with-
drawn it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
had not the right to make the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the substitute of the gentleman from New
York.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ancona, Babbitt, Daily, Riddle, Bing-
ham, Jacob B. Blah, Samuel S. Blair, * Make, Calvert,
Campbell, Chambetlain, Clements, Cobb, Frederick A.
Conkhng, Itoseoe Conkling, Covode, Cravens, Crfcfield,
Crittenden, Cuthu, Diveu, Dunn, Edgerton, Kenton,
Thomas A. I). Fe^enden, Fianchor, Grider, Hale, Hall,
Harding, Hairison, Hickman, Ilolinan, Kelley, Kerrigan,
Kilhnger, Law, Lazear, Leary, McKinght, McPherson,
May, Maynard, Menzies, Moorhead, Justin S. Mori ill,
Moiris, Noble. Noi ton, Odell, Patton, Poi tei. Shank®, Shel
lahargor, Spnulding, William G Steele, Stevens, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianew Thomas, Tiimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Wall, VVheeler,
Chilton A. White, Wickhffe, Wilson, Worcester, and
Wright—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Arnold,
Rakci, Bnxtei, Beaman, Buffinton, Casey, Clark, Colfax,
Conway, Dawes, Delano, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Samuel C.
Fessenden, Fiank,Gooeh, Gianger. Ilaight, lloopei, Julian,
Francis W. Kellogg. William Kellogg. Knapp, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovejov, Mclndoe, MaietoiOlitchcll, Noel I, Oliu,
Pike. Potter, Price, John II. llice, Kiddle, Edwatd II. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Segar. Sheffield, Sherman,
Sloan, Smith, Van Horn,Walker, Wallace, Walton, Ward,
Washbnrne, Albeit S. White, Windmn, and Woodruff—57.
During the rail of the roll,
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, stated that upon all
votes on this bill he was paired with Mr. Vibbaud,
who would have voted for the bill, while he [Mr.
Allen] would have voted against it.
Mr. DIVEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the substitute was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
The bill was then oideted to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
aceotdingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mi. HOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to allow a direct vote upon the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Aldrteb, WilliamJ. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
