1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ley, Baker, Baxtei, Beamai), HaflintoiuCa&ej', Clark, Col-
fn'x, RoscoeConkluig, Conway, Dawes, Delano. Diven, Ed-
wauls, Eliot. Ely, Samuel C. Fe&senden, Fmncliot, Frank,
Gooch, Giangor, Uaight, Hooper, Julian, Ftancis W. Kei-
logir, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lan>Iug, Loomis,Lovejoy,
Mclndoe, Mars-ton, Noell, Olin, Totter, John H. Rice, Rid-
dle, James S. Rollins, Saigent, Segar, Sheffield, Sherman,
Sloan, Smith. Spuulditip, Van Iinrn, Van Valkenburgh,
Van Wyck, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wiud,
VVa-hliume, Wlialey, Windom, and Woodruff—60.
NAY'S—Messrs. Aneona. Babbitt, Buily, Biddlu, Bing-
ham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, CaJveit,
Campbell, Chamberlain, Clements, Cobb, Frederick A.
Conkling, Covode, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Cut'er,
Dunn, Kdgerion, Fenton, Thomas A. D. Fessewlrn, fit  -
det, Hale, Hall, Hauling, tlarii&on, Hickman, Holman,
JCelley, Kerugan, Kiiluif*er, Law, Lazear, Loaiy, 31c-
Kn.uht, McPlier-son, Mallory, May, Maynard, Menzies,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Ju>tin S. Morrill, Morris. Noble, Nor-
ton, Odell, Patton, Pendleion, Pike, Porter, Shanks, Sliel-
labaiger, Sluel, William U. Steele, Stevens, Suauou, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas Trimble, Trowbridge,
Valiandi«ham, Wad^wortii, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Wieklilfe, Wilson, Worcebfr, Wright, and Yeamaji—72.
So the bill was not passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ALLEY stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Verree, who would have voted against the
biij,-while he [Mr. Alley] would have voted
for it.
Mr. COX stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Delaplainej and that he was opposed to the
bill in all its stages.
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that he had paired off
\uih Mr. Low, otherwise he would have voted
against the bill.
Mr. GOODWIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Perry.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 51; as follows:
YE\!?—Messrs. Aneona, AMilev, Babbitt, Baily, Biddle,
Ibngham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, C.Uvert, Campbell,
(Jlesnents. Cobb, Frcdcuek A. Conklinjj, Oovotlc, (Ji averts,
Cri-fiekl, Crittenden, Cutler, Dunn. Ed«erton, Fenton,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Gnder, Ilale, Hall,
Harding, Harrison, Hickman, Holman, Kelley. Komgau,
IviMinger, Law, Lazear, L^aiv, McKmubt, MePhor-on,
Mallory, Mavnard. Mcnzies, Mitchell, Mooihead, Justin
S. Morrill, Morris, Norton, Odell, Patton, Pendleton, Pike,
Pinter, Shanks Shellabarget, Shiel, Witham G. Steele,
Stevens, Str.itton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas,
Trimble, TrowbridetJ, Vallandigham, Wadswoith, Chilton
A. White, Wieklitfe, Wilson, Worce-ter, and Wright—68.
NAYS—Mes-r?. Aldricli, William J. Allen, Arnold, Ba-
ke*. Raxtri. Beaman, Bulfinton, Casey, Colfax, Un-coe
(1onklni5i, Dawos Delano, Diven, EdwauK T,iiot, Ely,
Samuel U. Fo^cndcn, Franchot, Fiank, Gi.uign. Ilaight,
Julian, Fninei- W. Kellogg, William Kellogg. Lansing,
Loomk, Lovcjoy, McTndoo, Marston, Noell, Olin, Pottei,
John II. Rice, liiddl«. Edvvaid H. iloilin*, Jame  S. llol-
lm«  Sargent, Scgar, Sherman, Sloan. Smith. Spimlding,
Van Valkenbutgli. Walker, Walton, Waul, W.ishbume,
Albeit vS. Wlnte^ Windom, and Woodruff— 51.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary, in-
formed the House that the President had approved
and signed an act (H. R. No. 265) to authorize
the Court of Claims of the United States to hear
and determine the claim of the heirs of Stepjien
Johnston, deceased; and an act (H. R. INo. 658)
to promote the efficiency of the commissary de-
partment.
deficiency BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 lise to a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. DAWES. I lise to a question of piivi-
Icge. 1 desire to call up the Louisiana election
cases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will yield to me to
make a renoit from the committee of conference
on the deficiency hill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is entnle-d to the floor for that puipose.
Mr. M01U11LL, of Vermont. I send the re-
port £0 the Cleilf's desk.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As the Northwest has
been slaughtoiyd, 1 move that the House adjourn
to attend funeral; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The Clerk read the report of the committee of
conference, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the bill (II. R.
No. 617) to supply deficiencies in the appropilations for
the service of the'fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1863, having
met, alter full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate a^ree to the amendment of the House
to the Senate'h fithl amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
second and fouith amendments of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their third amendment.
That the Senate recede trom their fifth amendment, and
agree to the following proviso to the subject-matter of said
amendment, in which the House concur: "Provided, If the
said guns and ammunition, or any part thereof, are on hand
and not in actual use, they shall be forwarded m compli-
ance with said treaty, and shall be consuleied a part of the
cuns and ammunition provided for by this appreciation."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
JOHN SHERMAN,
II. WILSON.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN P. MORRILL,
JOHN- L. N. STRATTON,
C1IAS. J. BIDDLE,
Manage* s on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
previous question on agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE. I mpve to lay the re-
port on the table.
The question was put; and there was 1 vote in
the affirmative and 61 in the negative—no quorum
voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Alley, and
Morrill of Vermont, were appointed.
The House, divided; and the tellers reported
none in the affirmative, and nmety-oight in the
negative.
So the House refused to lay the report on the
table.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved that the
House adjoin n.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
13, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The report of the committee of conference was
then agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now desire to call up the ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 object to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts yielding, unless he yields
entirely.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
finish the naval appropriation bill which we had
up the oilier day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to his yielding.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend from Illinois will
take a word kindly from one who is not in the
habit of " lecturing the House," I would say to
him that something is due to his friends in this
matter.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order at this
'! time. Dors the gentleman from Massachusetts
ji yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania 5
!; Mr. DAWES. 1 will yield if 1 can ascertain
M how much time the bill which the gentleman pro-
ji poses to take up will occupy.
|j Mr. STEVENS. Not very long. We are nearly
j, through the hill.
I Mr'. DAWES. Perhaps I can make an arrange-
i ment with the chairman of the Committee of
! W£\ys and Means. It is now three o'clock, and
I I presume his bill would take up the rest of the
day. . ,
Mr. STEVENS. Rather than give any trouble
to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,] I
will withdraw my request.
EXUOIiIiUD BII.LS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following tides*
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H.R.No. 265) to authorize the Court
of Claims of the United States to hear and;de-
termine the claim of the heirs of Stephen John-
ston, deceased.
An act (H. R. No. 658) to promote the efficien-
cy of the commissary department.
HOCK OF MEETING.
Mr. ALDRICH asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That hereafter the hour of meeting of tills
House shall be at eleven o'clock each day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
MAItGAKET L. STEVENS.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported back a bill for the relief of Mar-
garet L. Stevens; which was recommitted to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WAGON ItOAI) IN NEW YORK.
Mr. VAN WYCK asked unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to build and construct a wagon ^
road from West Point, in the county of Orange,
Slate of New York, to Cornwall Landing, in said
State.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
LOUISIANA CONGRESSIONAL ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the Louisiana
election case.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will excuse me.
I see pietty plainly that business is multiplying on
my hands, and I cannot take care of it all.
The resolutions leported from the Committee
of Elections were read, as follows:
Resolved, Til,it Benjamin F. FUihI.'h Nentnlcd toaseat
in this House a-. ,i Keprcsenlalive tioin tin: first congres-
sional (linnet in Louif-iiinit.
Resoteed, That Michael Halm i« entitled tn a sent in tills
House as a liepiesentativc from the second distiict in Lou-
isiana.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask the attention of the House,
for a few moments, to a statement of what the
committee has submitted m detail in a report in
suppoi t of these resolutions. 1 believe the House
is aware, without any Husgestion from me, that"
more than ordinary impoitance is atlaehed to the
consideration of this subject. It is not simply
whether these two gentlemen shall be permitted
to occupy seats in the House for the remainder of
the session now so near its close. The question
whether they shall be admitted involves the prin-
ciples touching the present slate of the country, to
which the Committee of Elections has had occa-
sion, more than once to call the attention of the
House.
Certain principles were adopted by this com-
mittee early in this Congress in other cases, in-
volving to a great extent the same questions that
are involved m this case. They were submitted
to the House in leports and in remarks more fully
explaining them, and they have been adopted by
the House hitherto without any exception, I
believe. In conformity with those piinciples the
committee has felt bound to report these resolu-
tions to the House, and the. question now comes
up whether any reason exists, either in the in-
trinsic unsoundness ofthe positions thus assumed
or in any change in the condition of public affairs,
i! that requires of the House any departure from
i; those rules and principles. It is because it has
■! appeared to the committee that an adherence to
these principles is vitally important in settling the
question how there is to be a restoration of this
Union when this war shall be drawn to a close,
that the committee has adhered with an earnest-
ness to those pi mciples, and now desires that the
House will fully consider and deliberate beiore it
comes to the conclusion to depait from them.
The facts of this case are briefly these: The
elections in these two districts of Louisiana are
embraced in the one report, because the same
facts and the same principles apply to both. There
j is no reason for making any distinction between
the two cases. The districts are composed each
I of about half of the city of New Oilcans and of
I a portion of the surrounding counties, or parishes,
I as they are called there. The city of New Orleans,
i as is well known, was, up to May last, in the oc-
