LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
ACTS OF THE THIRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, cm
Monday, the lsi day of December, A. D. 1862, and ended on Wednesday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1863.
Abraham Lincoln, President. Hannibal Hamlin, Vice President, and President of the Senate. Solomon Foot
was elected President of the Senate, pro tempore, on the 18th day of February, and so acted until the end of
the session. Galusha A. Grow, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
[The Index to the Lawn follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter I.—An Act authorizing the holding of
a Special Session of the United States District
Court for the District of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That a special session of the United
States district court for the district of I ml lana shall
be holden,atthe usual place of holding said court,
on the first Monday in February, in the year of
our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-
three, and to continue in session so long as the
business thereof may require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all suits
and proceedings of a civil or criminal nature now
pending in {^returnable to said court shall be pro-
ceeded in, heard, tried, and determined by said
court at said special session in the same manner
as at a regular term of said court. I
Approved, December 15, 1862. j
Chap. III.—An Act to adjust Appropriations
heretofore made for the Civil Service of the
Navy Department to the present Oiganization I
of that Department. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- '
*sentatives of the United States of America in Congress '■
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, j
and lie is hereby,authorized and directed to trans- .
fer the amounts heretofore appropriated for the!
pay of chiefs of bureaus, clerks, messengers, and ;
laborers connected with the Navy Department, :
so that they will correspond with the present or- ;
ganization and pay as authorized by the act of |
Congress of July fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty- j
two, viz:
For the Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, |
three thousand eight hundred and seventy-four |
dollars. !
For the Bureau of Yards and Docks, ten thou- ,
sand six hundred and forty-three dollars.
For the Bureau of Navigation, three thousand
and fifty-seven dollars. :
For the Bureau of Ordnance, six thousand nine
hundred and fifty-four dollars.
For the Bureau of Construction and Repaiis, j
nine thousand five hundred and thirty-four dol-
lars.
For the Bureau of Steam Engineering, four ,
thousand two hundred and twenty-four dollars.
For the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, five ,
thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight dollars. ;
For the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, five j
thousand eight hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all re-
maining balances shall attach to the office of the .
' lid
Secretary of the Navy, and may be expended by i
him for such clerical services as he shall judge I
the interests of the department require. [
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthesum j
of one thousand dollars, heretofore appropriated j
for the contingent expenses of the Bureau of Con- j
struction, Equipment, and Repair, be transferred j
to the Bureau of Steam Engineering, and the sum j
of one thousand dollars to the Bureau of Equip- i
ment and Recruiting. And also that the sum of
one thousand dollars, heretofore appropriated for
the contingent expenses of the Bureau of Ord-
nance, be transferred to the Bureau of Navigation.
Approved, December 19, 1862.
Chap. IY.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to provide Internal Revenue to sup-
port the Goveinmentand to pay Interest on the
Public Debt," approved July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the assessors, assistant assessors,
collectors, and deputy collector, appointed, or
who may be appointed, under the provisions of an
act entitled " An act to provide internal revenue
to suppoit th * Government and to pay interest on
the public debt," approved July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and all subsequent acts
in relation thereto which have been or may be
enacted, are hereby authorized and empowered
to administer oaths or affirmations in all cases
where the same are or may be required by the
acts as aforesaid: jProvided} That no fees shall be
charged or allowed therefor.
Sec.2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall be authorized
and empowered, and hereby is authorized and
empowered, to furnish and supply the assistant
treasuiersor collectors of the United States at Sun
Francisco, State of California, and Portland, State
of Oregon, with adhesive stamps, or stamped
paper, vellum, or parchment, according to the pro-
visions of the internal revenue laws lefeired to in
the preceding section, under .such regulafionsand
conditions as he may from time to time prescribe,
and without requiring payment in advance there-
for, anything in existing laws to the contrary not-
withstanding: Provided, That no greater commis-
sion shall be allowed than is now provided for by
law.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That no in-
strument, document, writing, or paper of any de-
scription, required by law to be stamped, shall be
deemed or held invalid and of no effect for the
wantoftheparticular kind or description ofstamp
designated for and denoting the duty charged on
any such instrument, document, writing, or paper,
provided a legal stamp, or stamps, denoting a duty
of equal amount, shall have been duly affixed and*
used thereon: Provided, That the provisions of
this section shall not apply to any Stamp appro-
priated to denote the duty charged on proprietary
articles.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That all offi-
cial instruments, documents, and papers, issued
or used by the officers of the United States Gov-
ernment shall be, and hereby are, exempt from
duty.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the
ninety-fifth section of an act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment and to pay interest on the public debt," ap-
proved July first,eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
be so amended that no instrument, document, or
paper made, signed, or issued prior to the first
day of March, Anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, without being duly stamped, or
having thereon an adhesive stamp to denote the
duty imposed thereon, shall, for that cause, be
deemed invalid arid of no effect: Provided, That
no instrument, document, writing, or paper, re-
quired by law to be stamped, signed, or issued,
without being duly stamped prior to the day afore-
said, or any copy thereof, shall be admitted or
used as evidence in any court until a legal stamp
or stamps, denoting the amount of duty charged
thereon, .shall have been affixed thereto, or used
thereon, and the initials of the person using or
affixing the same, together with the date when the
same is so used or affixed, shall have been placed
thereon by such person. And the person desir-
ing to use any such instrument, document, writ-
ing, or paper, as evidence, or his agent or attor-
ney, is authorized in the presence of the court to
stamp the sarin' as hereinbefore provided. And
section twenty-four of an act entitled "An act
increasing, temporarily, the duties on imports,
and for other purposes," approved July fourteen,
Anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-two, is
hereby repealed.
Approved, December 25, 1862.
Chap. V.—An Act to facilitate the Discharge of
Disabled Soldiers from the Army, and the In-
spection of Convalescent Camps and Hospitals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be added to the pres-
ent medical corps of the Army eight medical
