834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
precedentbeforeusofmen sitting here who brought
the sanction simply of ten votes; when wc have
men here who came only with a handful of votes
cast into a hat, or something of that kind; when
men have sat in their seats here during this whole
Congress with not two hundred votes at their
brick, are we to turn aside the five thousand who
case their votes for these candidates according to
all the rules of law and all the requirements of
the Constitution, as far as they were within their
power, and who did their part, lacking only that
which a traitorous Governor had carried off with
him into the wilderness of rebellion?
I submit that, if we wish to see a restoration as
nearly in conformity to the requirements of the
law and the Constitution as the circumstances of
the case admit, we will cling to such instances as
this; we will nourish and encourage them; and
we will thank God that we can, in instances like
this, restore to this extent representation in this
Hail with so little violence to law and order, and
so little departure from the ordinary revolution
of the wheels of Government in the old grooves
marked out for them by time and by precedent,
and especially in that any departure rests not upon
us, nor upon those who seek representation here,
but upon the folly and treason of others.
Mr. VOORHEES. As a membeg of the com-
mittee that reported this resolution to the House,
having voted against the action of the committee
in the committee-room, I .desire briefly, and very
briefly, to express the views which will govern
my vote here m the House.
- It would have given me great pleasure to have
concurred with the committee in this case. It
would have given me also very great pleasure to
vote upon the floor of this House for the admission
of the gentlemen who are presenting their appli-
cations here. And I wish to say at once, as a
preface to the remark's I shall make, so that there
may be no misunderstanding, that the gentlemen
from New Orleans have so borne and conducted
themselves during this examination as to win the
entire respect of every member of the committee.
No partof my objection to their entrance into this
Hall, therefore, can be considered personal.
It has been the rule of my action since I have
been a member of this House, to take the laws
and ihe Constitution of my country as my guide.
I have done so honestly and conscientiously; and
in doing so, 1 regret to say that I have nearly al-
ways found myself in a minority. And it happens
to-day. But, sir, I conceive my duty to be a plain
one. I do not concur with the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Dawes] when he speaks of the
affirmative nctionof tins House in admitting these
gentlemen to seats here as doing but little vio-
lence to the lawsand Constitution of our country.
I regard such an action by the House as a total
.subversion of the principles of representative gov-
ernment. I regard this question as one of exceed-
ing and paramount importance. I regard it as
setting a precedent for future action which will be
exceedingly important in its bearing on the des-
tiny of this Government. In other words, I regard
it as surrendering to the Executive the branch of
the Government to which we belong. In my judg-
ment, the Executive has already usurped the ju-
dicial department of this Government by the sus-
pension of the writ o(habeas corpus. It lacks but
the sanction of such a report as the committee has
made in this case to surrender up j,he legislative
department also to the Executive, I have no doubt
that this House will do it. Step by step execu-
tive encroachment has come upon this country
with a rapidity the like of which is unknown to
-history; the like of which has never been seen in
any country that called itself free.
Now, in support of these observations which
I have made in regard to the surrender of the legis-
lative department to the Executive, by the prin-
ciple sought to be enforced by this report, allow
me to submit to the House what 1 conceive the
law m such cases to be. The law as laid down in
England, in a report before mp, in the case of
Hall vs. Campbell, (1 Cowper's Reports,) and
which has the sanction of the highest courts of
our own country, is this: if you make conquest
of territory from a foreign enemy with whom you
are at war, you may in that territory in which
you have made conquest and planted your power,
establish municipal regulations and civil laws, set
aside the Luvs which there prevail, and substitute
c3 system of laws mad<v by the legislative authority
of this country. This, however, is not true in the
cas'eof an insurrectionary district belonging to this
Government. If you reduce a revolted State to
obedience, you cannot supersede her laws and her
domestic institutions. She is protected in them
by that very Constitution whose supremacy you
claim it is the mission of our arms to restore. All
such States must he taken back, if taken back at
all, with all the laws unimpaired which they them-
selves have made for their own government, pur-
suant to the guarantees of the Federal Constitu-
tion.
Understand this principle. If the southern con-
federacy is a foreign Power, an independent na-
tionality to-day, and you have conquered back the
territory of Louisiana, you may then substitute
a new system of laws in the place of the laws of
that State. You may then supplant her civil in*
stitutions by institutions made anew for her by the
proper authority of this Government—not by the
executive, but by the legislative branch of the
Government, assisted by the Executive simply
to the extent of signing his name to the bills of
legislation. If the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens] is correct; if
the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Conway] is cor-
rect, and this assumed Power in the South is a
Power of the earth, and stands to-day upon equal
terms of nationality with ourselves, and we con-
quer back State by State its territory by the power
of arms, then we may govern them independently
of their local laws. But if the theory that we have
been proceeding upon here, that this Union is un-
broken; that no States have sundered the bonds
that bind us together; that no successful.disunion
has yet taken place—if that theory is still to pre-
vail in these Hails, then this thing cannot be done.
You are as much bound to uphold the laws of
Louisiana in all their extent and in all their paits
as you are to uphold the laws of Pennsylvania or
New York or any other State whose civil policy
has not been disturbed.
Such is the law as laid down in numerous de-
cisions. We have had one case in this country.
We conquered California from the republic of
Mexico, and took possession of her by our arms.
It is a case sometimes quoted by gentlemen seek-
ing to sustain the views taken by the majority of
the committee in this case. I believe it is quoted
in their report, though, to confess the truth, I
have not had time nor has my health allowed me
to make such preparation as I would have de-
sired, even to the reading of the report of the
committee. I know very well, however, the views
entertained by the chairman and the majority of
the committee in the committee-room. I repeat
that this case, in the instance of the conquest of
California, is often relied on; it is the case of Cross
ct al. vs. Harrison. In that case our own Su-
preme Court laid down the principle to which I
have already adverted. It was decided that we
held California not as a part of our country, wheie
ourown laws prevailed, laws made in pursuance
of our own Constitution, which our arms had
been, as they ought to have been in this instance,
employed to uphold, but as a conquest from a
foreign nation, and hence that we had a right to
substitute a different and distinct set of municipal
regulations to that which had previously there
prevailed. It is one of the belligerent rights that
prevail under the laws of nations, and it only
exists, as 1 have already said, in cases of terri-
tory conqueied from a foreign enemy.
Sir, let me ask this House what we have been
warring for. Have we been sending our fleets to
the South for the purpose of making new codes
of laws for States? Have we been sending our
fleets and armies there for the purpose of empow-
ering the Executive of the country to set aside the
laws of the States which may become subject to
our military power? The people have not so un-
derstood it, They have understood, on the con-
trary, that we have been making war for the pur-
pose of resurrecting and upholding the prostrated
laws, placing them once more erect, and giving
the people who may desire it the benefit of them.
How does this principle apply to the case under
discussion? Let us see. The Presidentof the Uni-
ted States appoints Major General Butler to the
command of the department of the Gulf. Under
him is a simple brigadier general, General Shep-
ley. He is called a i9 military governor;" but the
facts in this case show that he was simply a brig-
ndiergenernl, with thf> duty imposed upon him of
reporting to General Butler as his superior officer.
He went there with none other than military pow-
ers. He went there with none other than mili-
tary instructions—none, at least, which could be
legally given him. He goes there and he assumes
to act, not only as brigadier general, but as Gov-
ernor of the State of Louisiana.
Now, I will pause here, and ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, or any other gen-
tleman upon this floor, to tell me by virtue-of
what clause in the Constitution, by virtue of what
rule of law the President of the United States has
authority to-appoint any human being a " mili-
tary governor?" He has not got it. It is nowhere
given him. It is an assumed power. I will tell
you the extent, and the sole extent, to which the
power of a so-called military governor can law-
fully go. The commandant of a military depart-
ment may take possession of an insurrectionary
and disturbed district, and there enforce order and
pcace. He may take possession of a region dis-
turbed by riot and armed disorder, command peace,
and give the people an opportunity to assert their
civil rights once more. He can do no more than
that. I defy the ingenuity of man to show me
the law that gives him more authority than this.
The Executive has no law for an appointment to
go beyond this purpose. It is not between the
two lids of the Constitution. The sole duty of
an officer under such circumstances is to keep the
peace, and his army is his posse comitatus. I ap-
prehend that, even in reference to a conquered
territory, it can only be held under military power
until Congress can legislate for its people and give
them such laws as we may deem wise and useful.
But, in the case of our own revolted teriitory,
once more subjected to the power and authority
of the Government, you can simply keep the
peace there by the military power until the peo-
ple can have a chance to return to theirallegiance
through the channels and avenues of the laws
already prevailing over them. I undertake to say
that this is sound doctrine. I undertake to cay
that it cannot be controverted on this floor or any-
where else. Take any other view of this ques-
tion,gentlemen, and where are you? You arc now
narrowed down to this point, that you have either
to take the ground that you are waging a war for
conquest as against a foreign enemy, and may
govern these revolted territories as you repossess
them, just as you would govern conquered foreign
teriitory, or else you have to recognize the prin-
ciple I have laid down, and hold with me that the
laws of Louisiana cannot be disturbed or inter-
fered with, but must be upheld and enforced. In
either case, however, the elections under consid-
eration are invalid, and the claimants not, in my
judgment, entitled to seats on this floor.
Mr. HARRISON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. YOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr. HARRISON. Mr. Speaker, the office of
civil Governor of Louisiana became vacantby the
voluntary and wrongful act of the Governor of that
State.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes.
Mr. HARRISON. The congressional delega-
tion from that State was not chosen in 1861, in
consequence of rebellion; and the office of Gov-
ernor became vacant by reason of the treason of
the Governor and of his uniting in the rebellion.
In view of these facts and of the other circum-
stances in which the people of Louisiana had been
placed by the rebellion, might not the loyal elect-
ors of the several districts in that State, when tlx1
military power of the rebellion was suppressed by
the arms of the national Government, have them-
selves, by their own voluntary action, assembled
in convention and appoined a time for the hold-
ing of an election for members of Congress, and
would not Congress have been authorized to re-
ceive as members Representative?) thus chosen5
Now, then, the people of these two districts, hav-
ing assented to the time appointed by the military
governor, (whether his action was legal or not,)
for the holding of an election, and that election
having been actually held by the loyal electors of
the districts, are not the Representatives of their
choice entitled to seats here?
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I have fore-
seen and anticipated and answered in my own
mind the argument which the gentleman from
Ohio has made, and which is the only one that
run be niwde. The answer to it is a plain and
