1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G3XXBE.
Laws of the United States.
37th Cons....Si)
engineers, Indians, and hospital stewards, one
hundred and forty million one hundred and thirty-
two thousand six hundred and eighty-nine dol-
lars and twenty cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers,
enlisted men, guard, hospitals, storehouses and
offices; of forage in kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's departmental the
several posts and stations, and with the armies in
the field; for the horses of the several regiments
of cavalry, the batteries of artillery, and such
companies of infantry as may be mounted, and
for the authorized number of officers' horses
■when serving in the field and at the outposts, in-
cluding bedding for the animals; of straw for sol-
diers' bedding, and of stationery, including blank-
books for the quartermaster's department, certifi-
cates for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the
pay and quartermaster's departments; for the
printing of division and department orders and
reports, sixty-seven million two hundred and
seventeenthousandsevenhundredandninety-one
dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, including the addi-
tional compensation of judges advocate, record-
ers, members, and witnesses, while on that ser-
vice, under the act of March sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and two; extra pay to soldiersemployed,
under the direction of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in the erection of barracks, quarters, store-
houses, and hospitals; in the construction of
roads, and on other constant labor, for periods of
not less than ten days, under the acts of March
second, eighteen hundred and nineteen, and Au-
gust fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, in-
cluding those employed as clerks at division and
department headquarters; expenses of expresses
to and from the frontier posts and armies in the
field; of escorts to paymastersand otherdisbuis-
ing officers, and to trains where military escorts
cannot be furnished; expenses of the interment
of officers killed in action, or who die when on
duty in the field, or at posts on the frontiers, or
at other posts and places when ordered by the
Secretary of War, and of non-commissioned offi-
cers and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire
of laborers in the quartermaster's department, in-
cluding the hire of interpreters, spies, and guides
for the Army; compensation of clerks to officers
of the quartermaster's department; compensation
of forage and wagon masters, authorized by the
act of July fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight; for the apprehension of deserters, and the
expenses incident to their pursuit; and for the fol-
lowing expenditures required for the several regi-
ments of cavalry, the batteries of light artillery,
and such companies of infantry as may be mount-
ed, viz: the purchase of traveling forges, black-
smiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes
and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of vet-
erinarysurgeons,medicinesfor horsesand mules,
picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses of the
corps named; also, generally, the proper and au-
thorized expenses for the movements and opera-
tions of an army not expressly assigned to any
other department, nineteen million one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
twenty-three million on hundred and eighty-nine
thousand three hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, one million of
dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving, either by land
or water; ofclothing, camp, ami garrison equipage,
from the depots at Philadelphia and New York
and Cincinnati, to the several posts and Army de-
pots, and from those depots to the troops in the
field; and of subsistence from the ploces of pur-
chase, and from the places of delivery under con-
tract, to such places as the circumstances of the
service may require them to be sent; of ordnance,
ordnance stores,and small arms, from founderies
and armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier
posts, and army depots; freights, wharfage, tolls,
and ferriages; for' the purchase and hire of horses,
mules, oxen, and harness, and the purchase and
repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships,
and other sea-going vessels, and boats required
for the transportation of supplies and for garrison
purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several
posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of funds
for the pay and other disbursing departments; the
expense of sailing public transports on the vari-
ous rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic
and Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts
as, from their situation, require it to be brought
from a distance; and for clearing roads, and re-
moving obstructions from roads, harbors, and riv-
ers, to the extent which may be required for the
actual operations of the troops in the field, fifty-
six million five hundred thousand dollars.
For hire or commutation of quarters for officers
on military duty; hire of quarters for troops; of
storehouses for the safe-keeping of military stores;
of grounds for summer cantonments; for the con-
struction oftemporary huts, hospitals, andstables,
and for repairing public buildings at established
posts, eight million dollars.
For heating and cooking stoves, one hundred
and forty thousand dollars.
For telegraph for military purposes, and for
expenses in operating the same, five hundred
thousand dollars.
For supplies, transportation, and care of pris-
oners of war, one million five hundred thousand
dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, six hundred
thousand dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp, and garrison
equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals,
seventy-six million two hundred and eighty-one
thousand n ine hundred and eleven dollars and fifty-
four cents.
For medicines, instruments, dressings, and so
forth, for the regular Army, one hundred and
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For hospital stores, bedding, and so forth, for
the regular Army, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For hospital furniture and field equipments, for
the regular Army, thirty thousand dollars.
For medical books, stationery, and printing, for
the regular Army, eight thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For private physicians, and medicines furnished
by them, for the regular Army, fifty-seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying
depots, for the regular Army, one thousand six
hundred dollars.
For continuing meteorological observations and
tabulating the same, under the direction of the
surgeon general, for the regular Army, five hun-
dred dollars.
For contingencies, for the regular Army, two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of soldiers acting as cooks
and nurses, under the acts of Augustsixteen, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, and March three, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven,fortheregular Army,
two thousand dollars.
For ice, fruits, and other comforts, under acts
of August three, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
and July five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
for the regular Army, twenty thousand dollars.
For citizen nurses, under act of July five, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, for the regular Army,
four thousand dollars.
For hospital clothing, for the regular Army,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For care of sick soldiers in private hospitals,
for the regular Army, eighteen thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For artificial limbs for soldiers, for the regular
Army and seamen, five thousand dollars.
For medicines, instruments, dressings, and so
forth, for the volunteers, four millions of dollars.
For hospital stores, bedding, and so forth, for
the volunteers, three million five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For hospital furniture and field equipments, for
the volunteeis, one million dollars.
For medical books, stationery,and printing, for
the volunteers, one hundred thousand dollars.
For private physicians, and medicines furnished
by them, for the volunteers,.four hundred thou-
sand dollars. s . . . ; = i.
For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying
depots, for the volunteers, twenty-five thousand
dollars. „ :
For continuing meteorological observations .and
tabulating the same, under the direction of the
surgeon general, for the volunteers, one thousand
dollars.
For contingencies, for the volunteers, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of soldiers acting as cooks
and nurses, under the acts of August sixteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and March three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for the volun-
teers, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For ice, fruits, and other comforts, under acts
of August three, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
and July five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
for the volunteers, one hundredand seventy thou-
sand dollars.
For citizen nurses, underact of July five, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, for the volunteers,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For hospital clothing, for the volunteers, eighty
thousand dollars.
For care of sick soldiers in private hospitals,
for the volunteers, one hundred and sixteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For artificial limbs for volunteer soldiers and
seamen,forty-five thousand dollars.
For the Army medical museum, five thousand
dollars.
For medicines and medical attendance for negro
refugees, (commonly called contrabands,) five
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant gen-
eral 's department at department headquarters, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of the commanding general's
office, ten thousand dollars.
For armament of fortifications, two million five
hundred thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, nine hundred thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for all mounted troops,
six million five hundred and forty-five thousand
dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armory, two million eight hundred and eighty
thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at the national armory at Springfield,
Massachusetts, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, two
million four hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
For additions to and extensions of shop room,
machinery, tools, and fixtures, at arsenals, five
hundred thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of arms for vol-
unteers and regulars, and ordnance and ordnance
stores, fourteen million nine hundred and sixty
thousand dollars.
For surveys of military defenses, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of instruments, ten
thousand dollars.
For printing charts of lake surveys, fifteen
thousand dollars*
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior, one
hundred and six thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty-nine dollars.
For the signal service of the United States
Army, one hundred and fifteen thousand eight
hundred and ninety-one dollars.
For deficiency for signal service for the United
States Army for the year ending June thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, twelve thousand two
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That no money
shall be paid from the Treasury of the United
States to any person acting or assuming to act as
an officer, civil, military, or naval, as salary in
any office, which office is not authorized by some
previously existing law, unless where such office
shall be subsequently sanctioned bylaw, nor shall
any money be paid out of the Treasury, as sal-
ary, to any person appointed during the recess of
the Senate, to fill a vacancy ill any existing office,
