WL
A^MTDIX TO THE COMmlgSIO-NAL
[February 9,
S'/XH CONS. . . .3D
Laws 'of the United Slates-.
which vacancy existed whil^ the Senate was in
session and is by law required to be Jilted by and
•With the advice and consent 6f the Senate, until
such appointee shall have been confirmed by the
Senate.
i Approved, February-9, 1863.
b'HAP. XXVI.—An Act making Appropriations
for .the service of the Post Office department
' during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hrindrcd and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the.. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States pf America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, fur the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
qui of any moneys in the Treasury arising from
the revenues of the said Department, in conform-
ity to the act of the second of July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six:
/ Tfor transportation of the mails, (inland,) seven
million two hundred and two thousand dollars.
, , For foreign mail transportation, four hundred
and twenty thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, two million
four hundred arid thirty thousand dollars.
For clerks for post offices, nine hundred and
■fifty thousand dollars.
For payments to letter-carriers, one hundred
and eighty thousand dollars.
For compensation of blank agents and assist-
ants, six thousand dollars.
For wrapping paper, forty thousand dollars.
For twine, fifteen thousand dollars.
For office stamps, six thousand dollars.
For office furniture, three thousand dollars.
For advertising, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For mail boys, [bags,J sixty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For mail locks, keys, and miscellaneous items,
ten thousand dollars.
For payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, two hundred and ten thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous payment^, one hundred and
fifty-five thousand dollars; of which not exceed-
ing four thousand dollars may be appropriated for
fitting up a portion of the custom-houses at New-
port, Rhode Island, and New Bedford, Massa-
chusetts, for the use of the post offices in said
cities.
Sac. H. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of one million dollars is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the service of the California cen-
tral route.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That in case
the revenues of the Post Office Department are
insufficient to meet the appropriations made by
this act, the undrawn balances of appropriations
heretofore made to supply deficiencies of that De-
partment are hereby made applicable to the pay-
ment thereof.
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, That the sum
of six thousand dollars be transferred from the
appropriation for paper for the public printing
provided for by act approved March fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled " An act
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year'ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and additional appropri-
ations for the year ending thiitieth June,eighteen
hundred and sixty-two," to enable the Postmas-
ter General to pay therefrom the compensation of
the blank agents and their assistants, heretofore
paid out of the appropriation for post office blanks.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to contract and provide for the transportation of
the United States mails on the steamships run-
ning between San Francisco, California, and Vic-
toria,Van Couver's Island,to bedelivered atCres-
cent City and Trinidad, California, Astoria and
Portland in Oregon, as often as said steamships
touch at said ports named, and at Port Angelos,
Washington Territory,-as often as said steam-
ships approach or pates that point goiYigto or re-
turning from Victoria; and that the mail service
provided for by the fifth section of the act entitled
" An act making appropriations forth'e service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three," shall cease on the termination of the
year for which it was contracted: Prdtiided, neu-
ertheiess, That the service herein provided for
shall not exceed the sum of twenty-four thousand
dollars per annum.
Approved, February 9, 1863.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act concerning the District
Courts of the Territory of Washington.
Be it enacted by (he Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the district court in and for the ^ev- j
oral districts in the Territory of Washington shall
be held at such times and places in said districts
(not exceeding three places in each district) as the
Legislative Assembly of said Territory shall by
law determine: Provided, That until said Legisla-
tive Assembly shall otherwise provide, said courts
shall be held as now provided by law.
Approved, February 9, 1863.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act to make the State of
Wisconsin a part of the Ninth Judicial Circuit.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the State of Wisconsin shall be,
and is hereby, made a part of the ninth judicial
circuit of the United States.
Approved, February 9, 1863.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act to promote the Efficiency i
of the Commissary Department. ;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- \
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress j
assembled, That there be added to the subsistence j
department of the Army one brigadier general, to
be selected from the subsistence depat tment, who
shall be Commissary General ofSubsistence, and,
by regular promotion, one colonel; one lieutenant
colonel, and two majors; the colonels and lieuten-
ant colonels to be Assistant Commissaries Gen-
eral of Subsistence;and that vacancies in the above
mentioned grades shall be filled by regular promo-
tions in said department. And the v&ancies cre-
ated by promotions herein authorized may be filled
by selections from the officers of the regular or vol-
unteer force.
Approved, February 9, 1863.
Ciiap. XXXII.—An Act to supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eigh teen hundred and
sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated:
State Department.—For salary of the marshal
of the United States consular court at Bangkok,
from September sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, at one thousand dollars per annum,
eight hundred and seventeen dollars and ninety-
three cents.
For salary of marshal in consular court at Can-
ton, from first July, eighteen hundred and sixty,
to thirtieth August, eighteen hundred and sixty,
one hundred and sixty-five dollars and seventy-
six cents. *
To supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the contingent fund of the War Department,
as follows: In the office of the Secretary of War,
seven thousand five hundred dollars; office of the
Adjutant General, four thousand five hundred dol-
lars; office of the Commissary General, five thou-
sand dollars; office of the Surgeon Genera), five
thousand dollars; office of the Chief of Ordnance,
two thousand five hundred dollars; northwest Ex-
ecutive building, five thousand dollars; building
corner of F and Seventeenth streets, two thousand
dollars—making thirty-one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
treasury department.
Fbramount required for additional-clerks,keep-
er, messenger, watchmen, fireman, a laborer in
the'office of the assistant treasurer at New York,
from January first to June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three,four thousand three hundred
and fifty dollars.
For amount required for additional clerks and
messenger in the office of the assistant treasurer
at Philadelphia, from January first to June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For nccessary expenses in carrying into effect
the several acts of Congress authorizing loans and
the issue of Treasury notes, five hundred and
eighty thousand dollars.
For expenses incident to carrying into effect an ,
act for the collection of direct taxes in insurrec-
tionary districts within the United States and for
other purposes, for salaries of tax commissioners
who have been or may be appointed in the pres-
ent fiscal year, their cleiksand contingent ex-
penses, fifty-four thousand six hundred dollars.
interior department.
For traveling expenses for a special agent, au-
thoiized by act of July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, two thousand dollars.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for annual repairs of the President's House, one
thousand dollars.
For liquidation of agency debts contracted un-
der late agents Head and Colley, Colorado Ter-
ritory, atid for the pay of employes to the close
of eighteen hundred and sixty-one, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation, un-
der the treaty of Fort Laramie, the amount ex-
pended in the purchase of guns and ammunition
for the Upper Platte agency in eighteen hundn-d
and sixty-one and seized by order of the Govern-
ment as contraband, two thousand four hundred
and thirty-nine dollars and thirteen cents: Pro-
vided, If the said guns and ammunition, or any part
thereof, are on hand and not in actual use, they
shall be forwarded incompliance with said treaty,
and shall be considered a part of the guns and am-
munition proyided for by this appropriation.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for salary ofsurveyorgeneral of Illinois and Mis-
souri, for the six months ending December thirty-
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, one thou-
sand dollars.
war department.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
additional clerks in the War Department,twenty-
three thousand four hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
blank-books, stationery, binding, and miscella-
neous items for Paymaster General's office, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For regular supplies for the Quartermaster's
department, six million dollars.
Forthepurchaseofcavalry and artillery horses,
eleven million dollars.
For transportation of the army and its supplies,
twenty-five million dollars.
For the erection, hire,and repairs of barracks,
quarters, and hospitals, one million seven hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage,
twenty-seven million one hundred and thirty-six
thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
maintenance and support of fleet of steam rams
from September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, four hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For purchase of arms for volunteers and regu-
lars, and ordnance and ordnance stores, thirteen
million two hundred and twenty-six thousand
seven hundred and eighty-eight dollars.
For purchase of gunpowder and lead, one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
the medical and hospital department of the Army,
four million four hundred and seventy-four thou-
' sand dollars.
