1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
no power known to the Government can, supplant
or do away with its laws in exercising authority
ever u. if it were a conquered or a foreign Gov-
ernment, it would be different. As it is a part of
our own Government, the point I insist upon is
that we should leave her alone until you receive
a representation here as the offspring of her own
system of lasvs, and not by virtue oi any emana-
tion of executive authouty. Until the people of
Louisiana, protected, it may be, by military pow-
er, in a peaceful condition, can come forward and
resurrect their State government, and by virtue of
their own laws of their own making send Repre-
sentatives here, they must go unrepresented.
I insist, further, that if you surrender thisgreat
power to the Executive, as our armies move on
you will have more military governors. You have
one now in North Caiohna; you have one in Ten-
nessee; you have one m Arkansas; and, perhaps,
t>ne in Texas; and men will come here who are
the choice of nobody, who have no constituents
to represent, and though I may have thirteen thou-
sand votes for myself,though some here may have
twenty thousand votes, yet one vote, the vote of
the Executive operating: through a military gov-
ernor, can send men here to carry out executive
designs, defeat the popular will, and Lhus totally
overthrow our system of government.
Let the.advocates of this monstrous doctrine
beware. Let me say to them that their power is
not (he longest nor ihe most stable. You do not
cxpect to carry the next presidential election. We
do; and we do not want a system made to our
hands like this. Remember that your day is draw-
ing near the close, and that which you may seek
to exercise for temporary purposes, while you yet
linger in power, for the destruction of political
opponents, or as a power upon which the Exec-
utive is to i ide through this Hall triumphant, may
all come back to haunt you hereafter; may come
back to disturb you as it now distuibs us. As for
me, for all times and under all circumstances, now
tihd forever, I repudiate all these designs which I
conceive to b^ fatal to the Constitution of my
country, to the independence and freedom of this
House, and to the liberties of the people.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. LOVEJOY, who (at a quarter before five
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 10, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was lead andapproved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the establishment of a
permanent camp hospital and ambulance corps
for the regular and volunteer Army; which was
referred to the Committee on Miiitaiy Affairs and
the Militia.
M r. SU M NER. I present the memorial of H. P.
Smith, of New Jersey, a coloted person, protest-
ing against the appropriation of money for colo-
nization as in the highest degree impolitic, as im-
practicable, and as inhuman in conception and
practice, and praying lor the repeal of the act of
Congress authorizing such appropriation. I move
the reference of the memorial to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, GRIMES presented two petitions from cit-
izens of Iowa, piayuig for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the YVyandott Indians,
pra\ lag for a wttlemfm of their hiis?ine. s transaction* with
th i Government, be reeominirteU to the Committee on In-
dian Affair.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE?.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from the select committee
on the Pacific railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 439) to amend an act entitled " An
act to aid in the construction ofa railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri riverto the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur- 1
poses,"approved July 1,1662, and for other pur- j
poses, reported it with an amendment. j
837
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was n-fWred the bill (S. No. 428)
to facilitate the proof for the allowance of pen-
sions, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Re-
becca A. Oorreil, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Eliz-
abeth M. Baxter, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S.No. 514) for the rcliefof Elizabeth
M. Baxter, widow of the late Robert Baxter,
second lieutenant of .the tenth regiment Minne-
sota volunteers. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 515) to authorize an increase in the num-
ber of major generals and brigadier generals in
the volunteer service; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 402) to
repeal the proviso to the first section of the act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 3863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending 30th
June, 1862, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance,to whom was refened the lull (3. No.506)
to prevent and punush fniudsupon the revenue, to
provide for the more certain and speedy collection
of claims in favor of the Umted States, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of cit-
izens of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of land
in the Fort Howard military reserve for a ceme-
tery, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the select
committee on the Pacific Railroad, to whom was
refcired the bill (S. No. 435) to promote the con-
struction of railroads and telegraphs in the State
ot Kansas, and for other purposes, to report it
back with an amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have the consent
of the select committee to report two amendments
to the bill just reported by theSenatoi from Iowa,
Senate bill No. 435.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquhe of the Sen-
ator from Kansas whether that lathe bill relating
to public lands in Kansas s
Air. LANE, of Kansas. It is.
Mr. CLARK. Then I wish to submit a mo-
tion that that bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas, f should be glad if
the Senator fiotn New Hampshire would not
make that motion until I have had an opportu-
nity to co fer with my colleague. Let him make
it to-moi row.
Mr. CLARK. Very well. I will withdraw it
for the time being, but I shall submit the motion
to-moi row.
FRENCH MEDIATION'.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Rejoiced. That the Purulent of the United Slate* re-
quested. it not in his judgment incompatible with the pub-
lic interest, to l.tv ht-iore the Senate any coni'-poiidruee
Which h.i-- taken place between thi- Government and the
Government ol France on the <ul>j.'cW oi mediation, arbi-
tration, or otherineasureslookingtothe termination ot the
existing civil war.
MKfrSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the H'>use of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridoe, its Cleik, announced thatthe
House had agreed to the icpoit of the committee
of conference on tin* disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House (No. 517) tosup-
plyd< ficieneies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863.
bills become laws.
The message fuither announced that the Presi-
dent of r he United States had approved and signed
on the 4th instant the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 561) in relation to commis-
sioned officers of the United States revenue cutter
service; and
A bill (H. R. No. 649) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1864. '
And ori the 7th instant,
A bilJ (H. R. No. 137) to authorize the raising
of a volunteer force for the better defense of Ken-
tucky; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 112) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Commodore Charlep
Henry Davis, and other officers of the Navy, in
pursuance of the recommendation of the President
of the United States.
And on the 9th instant,
A bill (H. R. No. 265) to authorize the Court
of Claims of the United States to hear and determ*
ine the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 658) to promote the efficiency
of the commissary department;
A bili (H. R. No. 6IQ) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending'
the 30th of June, 1864, and for a deficiency for
the^stgnal service for the year ending June 30,
18b3 j
A hill (H. R. No. 636) concerning the district
courts of the Territory of Washington;
A bill (H. R. No. 665) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 720) to make the State of
Wisconsin a part of the ninth judicial circuit.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
516) to allow the United States to prosecute ap-
peals and writs of error, without giving security;
which was read twice by its title,and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE LAWS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to move now, in
order that 1 may not trench on time fixed for the
consideration of other business, to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate take up Senate
bill No. 493.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee oi the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (3. No. 493) to amend the laws relating
to the Post Oilier Department.
The bill at the outset provides that the Post-
master General has powr to appoint and com-
mission all postmasters whose salary or compen-
sation for the preceding fiscal year shall at the
time of such appointment haw been ascertained
to be less than $1,000 per yntir. In all oih -r cases
the Piesident is to appoint. The person appointed
postmaster must reside within the delivery of the
office to which in- is appointed.
Tlie Postmaster General, all postmasters and '
special ngi ms-, and all poisons employed in the
General Posi Office, or in the care, custody, or
conveyance of the mn il, previous to entering upon
the duties assigned to them, or the execution of
their trusts, and before they shall be entitled to
receive any emoluments therefor,are respectively
to take and subscribe the following oath or affirm-
ation before some magistrate, and cause a certifi-
cate thereof to be filed in the General Post Office:
" 1, A H, do swear (or afliim, as the case may
be,) ihat { will faithfully perform all the duties re-
quired of m« , and abstain from everything forbid-
den by the laws m relation to the establishment
of the post office and post roads within the Uni-
ted States; that I am now, and will continue to
be, loyal and faithful to the Government of the
United Stales of America, and to the Union of
said States, and will oppose all combinations and
all t Holts directed against the same or designed
for the overthrow thereof; and that I will honestly
and tiuly account for and pay over any moneys
belonging to the said United States which may
come into my possession or control; so help me
God." Every poison in any manner employed
in the care, custody, conveyance, or management
oi'the mail, is to be subject to all pains, penalties,
and forfeitures for violating the injunctions or
neglecting the duties required of him by the luws
relating to the establishment of the post"office and
post roads, wheihersucii persons shall have taken
the prescribed oath or affirmation or not.
