1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE COF&RE'SSrOlTA'L G£C®E.
Laws of the United States.
3 WH Gom.... 3D Ste;
For surveys for military defenses, including the
purchase of campaign maps, manuscript surveys
of railroads, canals, of lines within the States in
rebellion, fifty thousand dollars.
For subsistence in-kind for regulars and volun-
teers, eighteen million one hundred and sixty-
three thousand four hundred and fifty-seven dol-
lars and twenty cents.
Contingent expenses of the House ©^Repre-
sentatives:
For folding document?, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, four thousand dol-
lars.
For stationery, five thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing boxes for
members, seven thousand dollars.
Contingent expenses of the Senate:
* For miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand nine
hundred and forty-two dollars and ninety-eight
cents.
For clerks of committees, messengers, pages,
horses, and carry-alls, thirteen thousand seven
hundred and eighty-six dollars and fifty cents.
Public Printing.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for paper for the public printing, two hundred and
eighty-three thousand dollars.
To supply the deficiency m the appropriation
for the public printing, fifty thousand dollars.
Approved, February 12, 1863.
Chap. XXX1U.—An Act to incorporate the
National Association for the Relief of Desti-
tute Colored Women and Children.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Sayles J. Bowen, Daniel Breed,
George E Baker, their associates and successors,
being members of said society, by paying into its
treasury the sum of two dollars annually, or life
members by paying fifty dollars at one time, are
hereby incorporated and made a body-politic by
the name of "The National Association for the
relief of destitute colored women and children,"
for the purpose of supporlip# such aged or indi-
gent and destitute colored women and children as
may properly come under the charge of such as-
sociation; to provide for them a suitable home,
board, clothing, and instruction, and to bring
them under Christian influence; and by that name
shall have perpetual succession, with power to
use n common seal, to sue and be sued, to plead
and be impleaded in any court of the United States;
to collect subscriptions, make by-laws, rules, and
regulations needful for the government ofsuid cor-
poration, not inconsistent with the laws of the
United States; to have, hold, and receive real and
personal estate by purchase, gift, or devise; to
use, sell, or convey the same for the purposes and
benefit of said corporation, and to choose such
officers and teachers as may be deemed necessary,
prescribe theirduties,and fix the rateof their com-
pensation.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the offi-
cers of said association shall consist of a presi-
dent, vice president, secretary, treasurer, and a
board of managers to be composed of nine mem-
bers, the whole to constitute an executive com-
mittee, whose duty it shall be to carry into effect
the plans and purposes for which said association
was formed, all of which officers shall be elected
on the fifteenth day of March next,and hold their
offices till ihe second Tuesday of January, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, on which day, and
annually on the second Tuesday of January in
each succeeding year, at the annual meeting of
said association, which shall be held on said day,
their successors shall be elected and hold their
offices for the term of one year, and until their
successors shall be duly elected. And in case of
a vacancy it shall be filled by the other members
of the executive committee.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said so-
ciety may receive into a house or building to be
providul by it any destitute child or children at
the request of the parents or guardians, or next
friend, or the mother, if the father bedead,orhas
abandoned hi* family, or does not provide for
their support, or is an habitual drunkard, such
parents, guardians, or next friend, or mother mak-
inga written surrender of such child or children.
The superintendent or other officer in immediate
charge may, with the concurrence of the execu-
tive committee, or of a board of trustees to be ap-
pointed by said committee,and to consist of three
persons, citizens of Washington city, govern the
inmates, preserve order,enforcediscipline, impart
instruction in useful knowledge and some regular
course of labor, and establish rules for the pres-
ervation of health, and for their proper physical,
intellectual, and moral improvement. The trus-
tees may, with the consent of the executive com-
mittee, bind out by indenture such children as may
be deemed capable of learning trades or of becom-
ing useful in other occupations to such persons
as will give them the benefit of good examples,
wholesome instruction, and other moans of im-
provement in virtue and knowledge, and the op-
portunity of becoming intelligent, moral, and use-
ful members of society.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be lawful for said association, by and with the
advice and consent of the Secretary of War, to oc-
cupy for the objects of said association any lands,
not exceeding one hundred acres, and the im-
provements thereon, which the Government may
now own or may horeafteracquire, contiguous to
the city of Washington, by confiscation or pur-
chase,such occupation to continue forsuch a num-
ber of years as the Secretary of War may, in
writing, prescribe.
Approved, February 14, 1863.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act to establish the office
of Register of Deeds for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That there shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a register of deeds for the District of
Columbia, who shall perform all the duties re-
specting the recording of deeds and other instru-
ments of writing, and all other services connected
therewith, authorized to be performed by the
clerk of the circuit court of said District by the
fifth section of the act approved March three,
eighteen hundred and one, entitled " An act sup-
plementary to the act entitled ' An act concerning
the District of Columbia,' " and shall receive the
same fees and emoluments for the same. And
the said registershall receive and have the charge
and custody of all the records, papers, and prop-
erty which may be in the custody or possession
of said clerk of the circuit court properly apper-
taining to and belonging to the office of the regis-
ter of deeds; and the said clerk is hereby required
to deliver the same to said register upon proper
application therefor.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted t That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be directed to appropriate
such rooms in any of the public buildings under
his charge for the use of said register as may be
necessary for his accommodation, unless it shall
appear to said Secretary that such rooms cannot
be so appropriated without interfering with the
business of his Department; and in thateventthe
said register shall procure, with the approbation
of said Secretary, such rooms, in the city of
Washington, as may be necessary for the secur-
ity of the records and the convenient transaction
of the business of said office.
Sec. 3. Andbc it farther enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 14, 1863.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act to issue an American
Register to the Steamship Karnak.
Be it enacted by* the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to issue an American register to
the steamship or vessel known as the KaVnak, of
the collection district of the port of New York,
the same being a British built vessel, but now
owned by American citizens.
Approved, February 16, 1863.
Chap. XXXVII.-—An Act for the ReiiefofPer-
sons for Damages sustained by reason of Dep-
redationsand Injuries'by certain bands of Sfott
Indians. ^ -
Whereas the United States heretofore becttfn6
bound by treaty stipulations-to theSfesetotljV^PfH*
paton, Medawakanton, and Wa[hjpako6ta batids
ofthe Dakota orSioux Indians to pay large sums •
of money and annuities, the greater portion'of
which remains unpaid according to the ter'itis of
said treaty stipulations; and whereas during the
past year the aforesaid bands of Indians made«n
unprovoked, aggressive, and most savage war
upon the United States, and massacred a large
number of men, women, and children within the
State of Minnesota, and destroyed and damaged
a large amount of property, and thereby have
forfeited all just claim to the said moneys and
annuities to the United States; and whereas it is
just and equitable that the persons virhose prop-
erty has been destroyed or damaged by the said
Indians, or destroyed or damaged by the troops
of the United States in said war, should be in-
demnified in whole or in part out of the indebt-
edness and annuities so (forfeited as aforesaid:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre*
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled. That all treaties heretofore made and
entered into by the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Meda-
wakanton, and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or
Dakota Indians, or any of them, with the United
States, are hereby declared to be abrogated and
annulled, so far as said treaties or any of them
purport to impose any future obligation on the
United States, and all lands and rights of occu-
pancy within the 3tate of Minnesota, and all an-
nuities and claims heretofoie accorded to said
Indians, or any of them, to be forfeited to the
United States.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That two thirds
of the balance remaining unexpended of annuities
due and payable to said Indians for the present
fiscal year, not exceeding one hundred thousand
dollars, and the further sum of onehundred thou-
sand dollars, being two thirds of the annuities
becoming due and payable to said Indians during
the next fiscal year, is hereby appropriated, anu
shall be paid from the Treasury of the United
States, out of any moneys not otherwise appro-
priated, to the commissioners hereinafter provided
for, to be apportioned by them among the heads
of families, or, in case of their decease, among the
surviving members of families of the State of
Minnesota who suffered damage by the depreda-
tions of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton,
and Wa[h]pakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota
Indians, or by the troops of the United States in
the late Indian war in the State of Minnesota, not
exceeding the sum of two hundred dollars to any
one family, nor the actual damages aforesaid, and
no moneys shall be paid under this section ex-
cept upon those claims which shall be presented
to said commissioners on or before the first day
of June next, for the payment of which the said
commissioners shall take and return to the Secre-
tary of the Interior and to the Secretary of the
Treasury duplicate vouchers therefor certified by
them.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That, for the
purpose of making the proper distribution of the
moneys hereby appropriated for the present re-
lief of such families, and for the purpose of ascer-
taining the whole amount of said damages and
the persons who have suffered the same, it shall
be lawful for the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to appoint three
commissioners, not more than one of whom shall
be a resident of Minnesota, who shall take an oath
in the manner prescribed by the laws of the Uni-
ted States to faithfully discharge their duties; they
shall entertain and hear the complaints (in writing,
duly verified on oath) of all and every person ag-
grieved by the depredations of said Indians, and
by the troops of the United States in said war;
they shall have power to compel the attendance
of witnesses, and to administer the proper oaths
to them to testify the truth; they shall have power
to compel the claimants to be examined and cross-
examined on oath, to be administered by them,
as to their said claim; they shall hold their ses-
sions at such times and places as will give the
