1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Postmaster General. The Postmaster
Genera! may also provide by regulation for the
delivery by such cameis of small packcts other
than letters or papers, and not exceeding the max-
imum weight of mailable packages; but^such pack-
ages must be prepaid by postage stamps at the
rate of two cents for each four ounces or fraction
thereof. No postmaster is to receive to be con-
veyed by the mail any packet or package which
shall weigh more than four pounds, except books
.published or circulated by order of Congress.
Upon the following mailable matter the postage
must be prepaid at the time of mailing, by stamps,
unless otherwise expressly provided m this act:
First, all domestic letters, whether passing through
the mails, or collected, or delivered by postal
agents or carriers. Second, all transient printed
matter. Third, all seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots,
and scions; all pamphlets, books, book manu-
scripts, and proof-sheets, maps, prints, engrav-
ings, blanks, flexible patterns, samples, and sam-
ple cards, phonographic paper, letter envelopes,
postal envelopes, paper, and photographic rep-
resentations of different types. Fourth, after the
1st of July, 1864, all papers and periodicals pub-
lished less frequently than once a week. Fifth,
all other things in the mail not otherwise provided
for.
Upon the following mailable matter the postage
is to be paid before delivery for not less than one
quarter nor more than one year; and such pay-
ment for a term may be made either at the mailing
office or at the office of delivery. If the term com-
mences at any other time than at the beginning of
a quarter, such payment must be made to cover
such fractional quarter, and also for the next fol-
lowing quarter; otherwise the postage will be col-
lected thereon as on transient matter. First, reg-
ular weekly, tri-weekly, semi-weekly, and daily
publications, and all other regular publications,
issued from a known office of publication more
frequently than once a week, and sent to regular
subscribers. Second, until the 30th June, 1864, all
newspapers and periodicals issued from a known
office of publication less frequently than once a
week, and sent to regular subscribers. Mailable
matter is divided into three classes: letters, printed
matter, miscellaneous matter. The first class em-
braces all correspondence, wholly or partly in
writing,except that mentioned in the third class.
The second class embraces all mailable matter ex-
clusively in print, and regularly issued at stated
periods, without addition by writing, mark, or
sign. The third class embraces all other matter
which is or may hereafter be by law declared
mailable;cmbracingall pamphlets,occasional pub-
lications, books, book manuscripts, and proof-
sheets, whether corrected or not, maps, prints,
engravings, blanks, flexible patterns, samples and
sample cards, phonographic paper, letter envel-
opes, postal envelopes or wrappers, cards, paper,
plain or ornamental, photographic representations
of different types, seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots,
and scions. The maximum standard weight for
the single rate of letter postage is one half ounce
avoirdupois. The rate of postage on all domestic
letters transmitted in the mails of the United States,
and not exceeding one half ounce in weight, is to
be uniform at three cents; and for each half ounce,
or fraction thereof, of additional weight, there is
to be charged an additional rate of three cents, to
be in all cases prepaid by postage stamps plainly
affixed to such letter. The rate of postage on all
letters not transmitted through the mails of the
United States, but deliveted through the post of-
fice, or its carriers, commonly described as local
or drop letters, and not exceeding one half ounce
in weight, is to be uniform at two cents, and an ad-
ditional rate for each half ounce or fraction thereof
of additional weight, to be in all cases prepaid by
postage stamps affixed to the envelope of such let-
ter; but no extra postage or carrier's fee is to be
hereafter charged or collected upon letters deliv-
ered by carriers, norupon letters collected by them
for mailing or for delivery. The domestic letter
rate of postageis to bo established for all mailable
matter which is wholly or partly in writing, or is
so marked as to convey any other or further in-
telligence or information than is conveyed by the
original print in case of printed matter, or which
jh sent in violation of law or regulations of the
Departmnnttouchingtheinclosureof matter which
may be sent at less than letter rates, and for all
matter introduced into the mails tor which no dif-
ferent rate is provided by law. But book manu-
scripts and corrected proofs passing between au-
thors and publishers may pass at the rate of printed
matter; and publishers of newspapers and period-
icals may print or write upon their publications
sent to regular subscribers the address of subscrib-
ers and the date when the subscription expires,
and may inclose therewith receipts for payment
and bills for subscription thereto. On all matter
riot enumerated as mailable matter, and to which
no specific rates of postage are assigned, and which
shall nevertlveless be mailed, the rate, if the same
shall be forwarded, is to be established at the rate
of letter postage. If any matter on which by law
the postage is required to be prepaid at the mailing
office shall leach its destination without such pre-
pay ment, double the prepaid rates are to be charged
and collected on delivery; and insufficient prepay-
ment is to be disregarded, but the matter may in
such case be forwarded, charged with rates as if
wholly unpaid. The Postmaster General is to be
authorized to provide by uniform regulation for
transmitting unpaid aim duly certified letters of
soldiers, sailors, and marincisin the service ofthe
United States to their destination; and all other
letters which from accident or neglect appear to
have been mailed without prepayment of postage,
where, in the latter class, the writer is not known,
or cannot be promptly advised of his default; but
in all cases of letters not prepaid, except certified
soldiers' and naval letters, the same are to be
charged with double rates of postage,to be collected
on delivery. When any writer of a letter on which
the postage is piepaid shall indorse in writing or
in print upon the outside thereof his name and
address, with a request that the same be returned
to him if not called for ordelivered within certain
days, not to exceed thiity, any such letter is not
to be advertised nor treated as a dead letter at the
office addressed, hut is to be returned as requested,
charged with the proper postage at the prepaid
rate, to be collected on the return delivery; and if
not then delivered, it is to be treated as a dead let-
ter. The postage on returned dead letters, not
registered as valuable, is to be three cents for the
sin*- e rate; on returned dead letters,registered as
valuable, double rates are to be charged. All let-
ters directed to any person not found at the office
addressed may be forwarded to any other office
wheie he may be found, without additional charge
of postage.
The Postmaster General is to have authority to
pay, or cause to be paid, a sum not exceeding
two cents each for all letters conveyed in any ves-
sel or steamboat, not employed in carrying the
mail, from one port or place to any other port or
place m the United States, or from any foieign
port to any port within the United States, subject
to such regulations as the PostmasterGeneral may
prescribe. But all such letters are to be deposited
m the post office at the port of arrival, for mailing
or delivery, and if for delivery within the United
States are to be rated, if unpaid, with double rates
of postage; and if only one rate shall have been
prepaid by stamps, with one additional rate; m
both eases covenng the fee paid to the vessel. No
fees are to be allowed for letters collected by a
carrier on a mail route.
For the greater security of valuable letters posted
for transmission in the mails ofthe United States,
the Postmaster General is authorized to establish
a uniform plan for the registration of such letters
on application of parties posting the same, and to
require the payment of the postage, as well as a
registration fee of twenty cents, on every such
letter or packet, to be accounted for by postmas-
ters receiving the same in such manner, as the
Postmaster General shall direct; but such regis-
tration is not to be compulsory except for money
letters, and it is not to render the Post Office De-
partment or its revenue liable for the loss of such
lettess or packets, or the contents thereof. If
money letters are deposited for mailing without
prepayment of tho registration fee, they are, never-
theless, to be charged therewith, and are not to
be delivered until the same shall be paid; and pro-
vision is to be made by regulation for a return
receipt to the writer, showing to whom and when
such registered letter was delivered, which receipt
;; is to be received in the courts as prima facie evi-
i! dence of such delivery.
The maximum standard weight for the single
il rate of postage on matter classed as printed mat-
ji ter, and also on that classed as miscellaneous mat-
ter, is to be four ounces avoirdupois* subject to
an exception which is provided for. The-* rate of
postage pn transient mailable matterof the second
class, and also on all miscellaneous mailable .mat-
ter of the third class, (except circulars and books,')
is to be two cents for each four ounces or fraction
thereof contained in any one package to one ad-
dress; and such postage is in all cases to be fully
prepaid by stamps, plainly affixed to the wrapper
thereof. Double these rates will be charged for
books. Circulars not exceeding three in number
are to pass at the single rate of two cents, and in
that proportion for a greater number, adding one
rate for three circulars or a less number. No ex-
tra postage will be charged for a card printed or
impressed upon an envelope or wrapper. These
rates must in all cases be prepaid by stamps.
The rate of postage upon mailable matter of the
second class, issued once a week or more fre-
quently from a known office of publication, and
sent to regular subscribers, is to be as follows:
upon newspapers and other periodical publica-
tions, each not exceeding the standard weight of
four ounces, and passing through the mails or
post officcs of theUnited States between any points
therein, the rate for each quarter of the year will
be: for publications issued once a week, five cents;
issued twice a week, ten cents; issued three times
a week, fifteen cents; issued six times a week,
thirty cents; issued seven times a week, thirty-
five cents; and in that proportion, adding one rate
for each issue more frequent than oncc a week.
For weight exceeding four ounces, and not ex-
ceeding eight ounces, an additional rate is to be
charged; and on the same scale, an additional rate
for each additional weight of four ounces or frac-
tion thereof; and such postage must be prepaid
for a term not less than one quarter nor more than
one year, at either the office of mailing or ofdelivery
at the option of the subscriber, of which payments
a record is to be made and preserved in the post
office where paid; and no such publication will
be delivered from the office until such payment is
made.
The rate of postage upon mailable matter of the
second class, issued less frequently than oncc a
week, from a known office of publication, and sent
to regular subscribers, will be as follows: upon
newspapers, magazines, and other periodical pub-
lications, each not exceeding the standard weight
of four ounces, and passing through the mails
or post offices of the united States between any
points therein, the rale for each such paper or pe-
riodical will be one cent, and an additional rate of
one cent for each additional weightof four ounces
or fraction thereof. Bui the Postmaster General
may provide by regulation for the transportation
of small newspapers in packages at the same rate
by the standard weight of the package when sent
to one address; and the rates thus provided must,
until July 1, 1864, be prepaid at either the office
of mailing or of delivery, at the option of the sub-
scriber, for a term not less than one quarter nor
more than one year, except that newsdealers may
pay the postage upon their packages as received;
but on and after July 1, 1864, th^se ratesare in
ail cases to be prepaid by stamps at the time of
mailing. Publishers may inclose in their publi-
cations senL to regular subscribers the bills for
subscription thereto without any additional charge
for postage, and may write or print upon their
publications, or upon the wrappers thereof, the
name and address ofthe subscribers and the date
when the subscription will expire; but any other
mclosure or addition in writing or in print is to
subject the same to letter postage, which is to be
collected before delivery thereof. The Postmas-
ter General may from time to time provide by
order the rates and terms upon which route agents
may receive and deliver at the mail car or steamer
news agen
charge
from, nor designed for delivery at, any post of-
fice. The Postmaster General is to have authority
to prescribe by regulation the manner of wrapping
and securing fot the mails all matter not charged
with letter postage nor lawfully franked, so that
the same may be conveniently examined by post-
masters; and if not so wrapped and secured, the
same is to be subject to letter postage, lie may
also provide by regulation forascerlaming by fur-
nished lists, bv affidavit, or otherwise, whether
publishers send or have sent their publications
