1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GrLO.BE/
Laws of the United States.
SlisGom.. i .3d &ss.:
meaning of former laws) hereafter, whenever by
the judgment of any court or judicial officer of the
United States, in any criminal proceeding, any
person shall be sentenced, or shall have been sen-
tenced heretofore, to two kinds of punishment,
the one pecuniary and the other corporal, the
President shall have full discretionary power to
pardon or remit, in whole or in part, either one
of the two kinds, without in any manner impair-
ing the legal validity of the other kind, or of any
portion of either kind, not pardoned or remit-
ted.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in all
criminal cases in which there has been or shall
be a judgment or sentence against any person, as
a fine or penalty, whether alone or along with
any other kind of punishment, the same shall be
deemed a judgment debt, and (unless pardoned
or remitted by the President) may be collected on
, execution in the common form of law
Approved, February 20, 1863.
Chap. XLYII.—An Act to change the times of
holding the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States for the District of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, instead of the times now fixed
by law, the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Indiana shall be
held on the first Tuesdays of May and Novem-
ber. And all recognizances, indictments, or other
proceedings, civil and criminal, now pending in
either of said courts, shall be entered and have
day in court, and be heard and tried, according
to the times of holdingsuch courts as herein pro-
vided.
Approved, February 20, 1863.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act to change the times of
holding the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States in the several Districts in the
Seventh Circuit.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inConp'ess
assembled, That, instead of the times now fixed
by law, the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the several districts in the States
composing the seventh judicial circuit shall here-
after be held as follows:
Ohio.—At Cleveland, for the northern district
of Ohio, on the first Tuesdays in the months of
January, May, and September, in each year.
At Cincinnati, for the southern district of Ohio,
on the first Tuesdays in the months of February,
April, and October, in each year.
Michigan.—At Detroit, for the district of Mich-
igan, on the first Tuesdays in June, November,
and March, in each year. And all recognizances,
indictments, or other proceedings, civil and crim-
inal, now pending in either of said courts, shall
be entered and have day in court, and be heard
and tried, according to the times of holding said
courts as herein provided.
Approved, February 21, 1863.
Chap. L.—An Act to allow the United States to
prosecute Appeals and Writs of Error without
giving security.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That whenever any writ of error, ap-
peal, or other process in law,admiralty, or equity
shall issue from or be brought up to the Supreme
Court of the United States, either by the United
States or by direction of any Department of the
Government thereof, no bond, obligation, or se-
curity shall he required of the United States, or
from any party acting under the direction afore-
said, by any judge or clerk of court, either to
prosecute said suit or to answer in damages or
costs. In case of an adverse decision, such costs
as by law are taxable against the United States
shall be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Department under whose direction the proceed-
ings shall have been instituted. All acts and
parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, February 21, 1863.
Chap. LI.—An Act extending the time for car-
rying into effect the provisions of the Third
Section of the Act entitled " An Act relating to
Highways in the County of Washington and
District of Columbia," approved May three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the period named in the third sec-
tion of the act entitled " An act relating to high-
ways in the county of Washington and District
of Columbia," approved May three, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, requiring that the roads des-
ignated in said section shall be surveyed, platted,
and recorded within one yearfrom the passage of
said act, be extended to three years; and the levy
court of said county of Washington is hereby
authorized to cause the survey, platting, and re-
cording of such roads, in each year, as it may
deem proper and necessary: Provided, That all of
said roads be so surveyed, platted, and recorded
within the period of three years.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
empowered, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to fill any vacancy that may here-
after occur in said levy court; and all acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with the above recited act or
with this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, February 21, 1863.
Chap. LII.—An Act to annex a part of the State
of New Jersey to the Collection District of New
York, and to appoint an Assistant Collector, to
reside at Jersey City.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-*
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that part of the State of New
Jersey which lies north and east of Elizabeth
town and Staten Island, comprising the counties
of Hudsonand Bergen, be,and thesameis hereby,
annexed to the collection district of New York;
that an assistant collector, to be appointed by the
President of the United States, shall reside at
Jersey City, who shall have power to enter and
clear vessels in like manner as the collector of
New York is authorized by law to do; but such
assistant collector shall, nevertheless, act in con-
formity to such instructions and regulations as
he shall from time to time receive from the col-
lector of New York; and that the said assistant
collector shall receive for his annual salary two
thousand dollars in full for all services to be by
him performed, and in lieu of commissions and
fees.
Approved, February 21, 1863.
Chap. LIII.—An Act for the removal of the
Winnebago Indians, and for the Sale of their
Reservaiion in Minnesota fur their Benefit.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Presidentof the UnitedStates
is authorized to assign to and set apart for the
Winnebago Indians a tract of unoccupied land
beyond the limits of any State, in extent at least
equal to their diminished reservation, the same to
be well adapted for agricultural purposes. And
it shall be lawful for the President to take such
steps as he may deem proper to effect the peace-
ful and quiet removal of the said Indians from the
State of Minnesota, and to settle them upon the
lands which may be assigned to them under the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, upon
the removal of the said Indians from the reserva-
tion where they now reside, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the interior to cause each legal
subdivision of the said lands to be appraised by
discreet persons to be appointed by him for that
purpose. And in each instance where there are
I improvements upon any legal subdivision of said
lands, the improvements shall be separately ap-
] praised. But no portion of the said lands shall
i be subject to preemption, settlement, entry, or
| location under any act of Congress, unless the
j party preempting, settling upon, or locating any
portion of said lands shall pay therefor the full
; appraised value thereof, includingthe value of the
said improvements, under sirch regulations- as
hereinafter provided.
Sec . 3. And, be it further enacted, That after the
appraisal of the said reservation the. same shall
opened to preemption, entry, and settlement^ i -
the same manner as other public lands: Pmvidtd^
That before any person shall be entitled to enter-
any portion of the said lands, by preemption/or
otherwise, previous to their exposure to sale to the
highest bidder, at public outcry, he shall bccorae =
an actual bona fide settler thereon, and shall con-
form to all the regulations now provided by;Jaw
in cases of preemption, and shall pay, within the
term of one year from the date of his settlement,
the full appraised value of the land, and the im-
provements thereon, to the land officers of the dis-
trict where the said lands are situated. And the
portion of the said reservation which may not be
settled upon, as aforesaid, may be sold at public
auction, as other public lands are sold, after which
they shall be subject to sale at private entry, as
other public lands of the United States, but no por-
tion thereof shall be sold for a sum less than their
appraised value before the first of January, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-five, nor for
a less price than one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, unless otherwise provided by law: Pro-
vided, That where improvements have been made
upon said lands by persons authorized by law to
trade with said Indians, the value of such im-
provements, or the price for which the same may be
sold, shall be paid to the parties making the same;
and in case the land upon which such improve-
ments shall have been made shall be purchased
by the parties making the same, at the appraised
value as aforesaid, the value of the improvements
so made by him shall form no part of the purchase
price to be paid for said land.
Sec.4. And be it further enacted. That the lands
of said Indians which have been set apart for the
payment of the debts of the said Indians shall be
sold on sealed bids for the best price the same will
bring; but no bids shall be received for said lands
until the first day of January, anno Domini eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-five, for less than two dol-
lars and fifty cents per acre. Bids shall be received
for tracts of quarter sections; and for such tracts
conforming to the Government surveys less than
one hundred and sixty acres as will secure the
largest price for said lands, the Secretary is au-
thorized to receive, in payment of said lands, cer-
tificates of indebtedness of said Indians, issued by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for the debts
of said Indians, secured to be paid out of the sale
of said lands by the thud article of the treaty of
the said Indians with the United States, concluded
at Washington on the fifteenth day of April, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine. The money arising
from the sale of their said lands, after paying the
indebtedness required by said treaty to belaid,
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United Stales,
and shall be expended as the same is received, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in necessary improvements upon their new tes-
ervation; and it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to allot to said Indians in sev-
eralty lands which they may respectively cultivate
and improve, not exceeding eighty acres to each
head of a family other than to the chiefs, to whom
larger allotments may be made, which lands,when
so allotted, shall be vested in said Indian and his
heirs, without the right of alienation, and shall be
evidenced by patent.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the money
to be annually appropiiated for the benefit of the
said Indians shall be expended in such manner as
will, in the judgment of the President, best ad-
vance the said Indians in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, and enable them to sustain them-
selves without the aid of the Government. And in
such expenditure reasonable discrimination may
be made m favor of the chiefs who shall be found
faithful to the Government of the United States,
and efficient in maintaining its authority and the
peace of the Indians. Said Indians shall be sub-
ject to the laws of the United States and to the
criminal laws of the State or Territory in which
they may happen to reside. They shall also be
subject to such rules and regulations for their gov-
ernment as the Secretary of the Interior may pre-
scribe; but they shall be deemed incapable of
