1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are ably discussed. The bill has been published
in various forms and extensively circulated, so
that opinions on the subject have been canvassed
and weighed by all those who take an interest in
it. It only remains for Congress to determine
whether it shall become a law.
It must be remembered that this bill is taken up
when our financial condition is not the most fa-
vorable. Gold is at a premium of between fifty
and sixty per cent., and is substantially banished
from circulation. We are in the midst of war,
when the necessities of the Government require
us to have large sums of money. We, cannot
choose as to the mode in which we shall get that
money. If we pursue the ordinary course, the
course that has been sufficient in times of peace
to raise money, of putting our bonds into market
and selling them for what they will bring:, it would
be at a great sacrifice. We know this from the his-
tory of other nations and from our own experi-
ence. We, therefore, must look to some system
of finance that will give us all the aid possible
either in the form of paper money or by the agen-
cies of associated banks. We know very well
that after this war is over, this Government will
still be largely in need of money; that when the
rebellion is subdued, the condition of society in
the southern States will be disturbed; that it will
be necessary to maintain for some time consider-
able armies in order to preserve p^ace; and that
in any aspect of affairs this Government must
undertake responsibilities and incur debts and lia-
bilities of which we have had no example in our
previous history.
The financial measures heretofore adopted are
necessary to be considered before I proceed to ex-
amine the features of this bill. After the war broke
out we were able to borrow money upon the credit
of the United States until December, 1861. The
amount of demand notes previously issued was
comparatively small. In December, 1861,by the
suspension of specie payments the whole of the
gold was withdrawn from circulation, and there
was nothing then in circulation but the paper of
local banks, which by tlie laws of the United
States could not he used ill Government transac
tions. We were then in the peculiar londition of
a nation involved in war without any cunency
f'liatever which by law could be used in the or-
mary transactions of the public business. Gold
was withdrawn by the suspension of specie pay-
ments; the money of the banks could not be used
because the laws of the United States forbade it;
and we were without any currency whatever.
Under these circumstances Congress wisely au-
thorized the issue of a considerable sum of United
States notes. That this measure was wise but
few will controvert. We were compelled by a
necessity as urgent as could be imposed upon any
legislature to issue these notes. To the extent to
which they were issued they were useful. They
were eagerly sought by our people. They were
taken by our enemies in theSouth,by our friends
in the North. They were taken in the East and
in the West. They furnished the best substitute
for gold and silver that could then be devised; and
if we would limit the United States notes to the
amount now authorized by law they would form
a stable and valuable currency.
But, sir, we know, not only by our own expe-
rience, but by the experience of other nations, that
when a Government issues paper money in very
large amounts, and without connecting it m any
way with the private operations of the people, it
inevitably depreciates, and, if carried to excess,
deranges the values of all property. Still neces-
sity presses us for money, and most of the great
nations of modern times have during war been
compelled by necessity to resort to some form of
paper money. It has always been the most dif-
ficult problem of war to maintain the Government
credit and yet to procure the very large sums in-
dispensable for its prosecution. We have but four
expedients from which to choose: first, to re pen
the sub-Treasury act, and use the paper of local
banks asacurrency; secondly, to increase largely
the issue of United States notes; thirdly, to or-
ganize a system of national banking; or, fourthly,
to sell the bonds of the United States in the open
Some three or four weeks ago I discussed at
some length the propriety of a repeal of the sub-
Treasury clause, as it is called, and endeavoied
to show that local banks cannot be made to Kit -
nish a national currency. The losses in various
ways from the use of their money, its deteriora-
tion in value, the want of security, the want of
uniformity, and many other objections to that
paper money, made it inexpedient to resort to it.
The United States notes are in every respect a bet-
ter form of currency than bank paper; but we have
to examine now the objections that may be made
to the further use of Government paper money.
These objections' are briefly but very plainly
stated by the Secretary of the Treasury. I will
read them:
" The principal objections to such a circulation a« a per-
manent system .ire: (1) tile facility of excessive expansion
when expenditures exceed revenue; (3) the danger ot'lav-
ish and corrupt expenditure, stimulated by facility of ex-
pansion; (3) the danger of fiainl in management and su-
pervision; (4) the impossibility of piovidmg inn sufficient
amounts for the wantrf of the people whenever expend
itures arc reduced to equality with revenue or below it-"
The danger of over-issue is constantly pressing
upon us. It is shown by the experience of other
nations, and its effect in inflating values is felt by
every one. The mere, introduction of a bill in the
House to authorize the issue of $300,000,000 ad-
ditional United States notes operated like magic.
I have here a statement showing the effect of this
proposition. On the day that bill was introduced
gold commanded a premium of thirty-six<ond a
half,per ccnt. The next day it rose to thirty-
eight; within three days it rose to forty-one; on
the 15th of January, six days afterwards, it rose
to forty-eight and a half; and from that time to
this ithas been continually rising, ltdid notsuffer
a decline until there was a disposition evinced in
the Senate to check the over-issue of this kind of
paper money. We have here a striking illustra-
tion of the effect of even a proposed over-issue
of this paper money. In one week it changed
values over ten per cent., and in three or lour
weeks it changed them nearly thirty per cent.
The proposition of the Senate to cht ck this over-
issue at once reduced it some four or five per cent.
I have no doubt the passage of the bill reported
from the Committee on Finance will still further
reduce the relative value of gold.
Another effect of ail over issue of paper money
is to increase tile compensation of employes. The
expense of living is now considerably greater than
before the war. We have had more propositions
within the last month to increase the salaries of
officers than we had within the two years pre-
ceding. It is now said by nearly every clerk in
the Departments, by nearly every officer in Wash-
ington, by nearly every officer of the Government,
that his salary is inadequate to pay his expenses.
We find our expenses are largely increased by
the deterioration of paper money. This deterior-
ation will go on as it has gone on ill the history
of other nations, unless Congress check it by stop-
ping its further issue. It increases the^expenses
of the Government in various ways. The price
of provisions and clothing is increased; and all the
money that we now borrow to defray the expenses
of the Government, and all the increased expense
occasioned by this inflation of prices, must be paid
eventually by the people of the United States with
compound interest in gold.
Another practical objection to these United
States notes is, that there is no mode of redemp-
tion. They are safe; they are of uniform value;
but there is uo mode pointed out by which they
are to be redeemed. No one is bound to redeem
them. They are receivable, but not convertible.
They are debts of the United States, but they
cannot be presented anywhere for redemption.
No man can present them, except for the purpose
of funding them into the b >nds of the U in ted States.
They are not convertible; they lack thatessential
element of any currency. •
Another objection'^, that they can only be used
during the war. The very moinerit that peace
comes, all this circulation that now fills the chan-
nels of commercial operations will be at once ban-
ished. They will be converted into bonds; and
then the contraction of prices will be as rapid as
the inflation has been. The issue of Government
notes can only be a temporary measure, and is
only intended as a temporary measure to provide
for a national exigency. .
Another serious objection to these notes is, that
they are made the basis of bank issues. Under
the'operation of the act declaring them to be a
legal tender, the bank circulation has increased
from $130,000,000 to §167,000,000. The banks
have sold their gold at a large premium, and placed
in their vaults United States notes with which to
redeem their own notes. That cannot be avoided.
As we have made them a legal tender, banks are
bound to take them in payment of debts due to
them, and they therefore have the right to hold
them to pay their debts with. The consequence
has been that, while the Government has been is-
suing its paper money, some of the banks have
also been inflating the currency by issuing paper
money on the basis of United States money.
This inflation may be illustrated by the statement
of a bank in Pennsylvania, sent to me with a view
to show how much tax it would have to pay under
the bill reported from the Committee on Finance.
It has a capital stock of $300,000, and a circula-
tion of $589,600; there was due to depositors
$55,125; profit and loss, $36,294; and to other
banks, $23,959. The circulation is $589,600. Now,
what have tin y got to pay it with ? Gold and sil-
ver coin, #18,326, not one thirtieth part of the cir-
culation; bills and checks, $27,128; banking house
and lot, $4,000; due from other banks, $146,879.
The assets on hand would but little more than pay
depositors and current debts to banks, leaving the
whole circulation secured by loans and discounts.
The whole of that circulation has no other basis
except loans and discounts, and the circulation
is three times the amount of the capital stock.
It is very easy to prove that such a system
of banking is a bad one, and would destroy and
demoralize any country. There is no basis for it
except loans and discounts; and we know by ex-
perience that the loans and discounts cannot be
drawn til rapidly enough to redeem a circulation.
I have no doubt that the statement sent to me of
ihis bank is only an illustration of many more.
Indeed, I have looked at the published statements
of some of the banks of New York, Pennsylva-
nia, and other States, and many of them show the
same inflation—a bank circulation without any
basis whatever except loans outstanding, and
which cannotbe called in rapidly enough to liqut-
date it. .
The practical difficulty is, how to check infla-
tion by banks. The attempt to do so by taxation
has given rise to nearly all the objections to this
banking system. Can my honorable friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Oou.amer,] who, I believe, is the
most opposed to the system of taxing banks, show
me hosv to check the over issue by banks? If
Senators can point out any way in which this can
be done, I should be very glad to adopt it. But
there is no way. It has been proposed to tax them
two per cent., or one Lhird of their profits on the
circulation; and we know what an opposition this
has created, although I believe that the tax is en-
tirely defensible. It is but proper for me to say
that this tax is not in this bill; the subject comes
up in another bill. Whether the Senate will agree
to it or not, 1 do not know; but 1 believe the tax
of two per cent, can be maintained and defended.
There is #o tax in this bill on local banks. There
is no connection between this billand local banks;
local banks are not mentioned in it, except that
they are required to make certain reports which
ihey can readily do without any trouble.
There is but one other mode proposed to check
this increase, but I would not assent to it because
it is too harsh. Under the provisions of our laws,
United States notes are made a legal tender m the
payment of debts. We might, if we chose, ex-
cept banks from the operation of that provision;
but I believe that would be harsh and unjust, be-
cause, as we require tlieni to receive these notes
in payment of debts due to them, it would be
very unjust for us to require them to pay out any-
thin0' else but United States notes for their own
notes, so that the issue of United States notes by
the Government and making them a legal tender,
both of which measures were clearly necessary,
have been the encouragement and basis of an in-
flated bank circulation in the country, and there
is no way to check this except by uniting the in-
terest of the Government and the banks anu the
people together by one uniform, common system.
It wouid be very easy for me to prove that dur-
ing war local banks are the natural enemies ot a
national currency. They were in the war of 1812.
Whenever specie payments are suspended, the
power to issue a bank note is the same as the
power to coin money. If you give to an individ-
ual or a corporation the power to issue his note
as money at a time when he is not restrained by
