190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LQBE.
[February 25,
Cons.... 3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
.v The said certificate shall be acknowledged be-
fore a judge of some court of record or a notary
public, and the acknowledgment thereof certified
under the seal of such court or notary, and shajl
be transmitted, together with a copy of the arti-
cles of association which shall have been adopted,
to the Comptroller of the Currency, who shall
record and carefully preserve the same in his
office. Copies of such certificate, duly certified
by the Comptroller, and authenticated by his seal
of office, shall be legal and sufficient evidence in
all courts and places within the United States, or
the jurisdiction of the Government thereof, of the
existence of such association, and of every other
mattei- or thing which could be proved by the
production of the original certificate.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That at least
thirty per centum of the capital stock of such
association shall be paid in at the time of the
commencement of its banking business, and the
remainder of the capital stock of such association
.shall be paid in installments of at least ten per
centum each on the whole amount to which the
association shall be limited, as frequently as one
installment at the end of each succeeding two
months from the time of the commencement of'
its banking operations, until the whole of the
capital stock shall be paid in.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if any
shareholder, or his assignee, shall fail to pay any
installment on the stock when the same is re-
quired by the foregoing section to be paid, the
directors of such association may sell the stock
held by such delinquent shareholder at public
auction, having given three weeks' previous no-
tice thereof in a newspaper published and of gen-
eral circulation in the city where the association
is located, if the same be located in a city, and
if not so located, then in a newspaper printed, or
of general circulation, in the county where the
same is located, to any person who will pay the
highest price therefor, and not less than the
amount then due thereon, with the expenses of
advertisement and sale; and the excess, if any,
shall be paid to the delinquent shareholder. If
no bidder can be found who will pay for such
stock the amount due thereon to the associa-
tion, and the costs of advertisement and sale,the
amount previously paid shall be forfeited to the
association, and such stock may subsequently be
sold as the directors may order.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a certificate shall have been transmitted to
the Comptroller of the Currency, as provided in
this act,and the association transmitting the same
shall notify the Comptroller that at least thirty
per centum of its capital stock has been paid as
aforesaid, and that such association has complied
■with all the provisions of this act required to be
complied with before such association shall be
authorized to commence the business of banking,
and that such association is desirous of com
tnencing such business, the Comptroller shall
immediately proceed,in such manner as he shall
by general rules prescribe, to examine the con-
dition of such association; to ascertain especially
the amount of money paid in 011 account of its
capital stock; the nttme and place of residence of
each of the directors of such association, and the
amount of the capital stock of which each is the
bona fide owner, and generally whether such as-
sociation has complied with all the requirements
of this act to entitle it to engage in the business
of banking; and shall cause to be made, and at-
tested by the oaths of a majority of the directors
and by the president or cashier of such associa-
tion, a statement of all the facts necessary to en-
able (he Comptroller to determine whether such
association is lawfully entitled to commence the
business of banking under this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatif, upon
a careful examination of the facts so reported, and
of any other facts which may come to the knowl-
edge of the Comptroller, whether by means of a
special commission appointed by him for the
purpose of inquiring into the condition of such
association, or otherwise, it shall appear that such
association is lawfully entitled to commence the
business of banking, the Comptroller shell give
to such association a certificate under his hand
and official seal, showing that such association
has complied with all the provisions of this act
required to be complied with before being entitled
to commence the business of banking under it,
and that such association is authorized to com-
mence said business accordingly; and it shall be
the duty of such association to cause said certifi-
cate to be published in some newspaper, pub-
lished in the city or county where such associa-
tion is located, for at least sixty days next after
the issuing thereof: Provided, Thatif no news-
paper is published in such city or county such cer-
tificate shall be published as the Comptroller of the
Currency shall direct.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That every
association formed pursuant to the provisions of
this act i%y make and use a common seal, and
shall have succession by the name designated in
its articles of association, and for the period lim-
ited therein, not, however, exceeding twenty
years from the passage of this act; by such name
may make contracts, sue and be sued, complain
and defend in any court of law or equity as fully
as natural persons, and may make by-laws, ap-
proved by the Comptroller of the Currency, not
inconsistent with the laws of the United States
or the provisions of this act, for the election of
directors, the management of its property, the
regulation of its affairs, and for the transfer of
its stock; and shall have power to carry on the
business of banking by obtaining and issuing cir-
culating notes in accordance with the provisions
of this act; by discounting bills, notes, and other
evidences of debt; by receiving deposits; by buy-
ing and selling gold and silver bullion, foreign
coins, and bills of exchange; by loaning money
on real and personal security, in the manner speci-
fied in their articles of association, for the pur-
poses authorized by this act, and by exercising
such incidental powers as shall be necessary to
carry on such business; to choose one of their
number as president of such association, and to
appointacashierand such otherofficers and agents
as their business may require; and to remove such
president, cashier, officers, and agents at pleasure,
and appoint others in their place; and their usual
business shall be transacted in banking offices
located at the places specified respectively in its
certificate of association, and not elsewhere.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
shares of associations formed under this act shall
be deemed personal property, and shall be trans-
ferable on the books of the association in such
manner as may be prescribed in the by-laws' or
articles of association; and every person becom
ing a shareholder by such transfer shall, in pro-
portion to his shares, succeed to all the rights and
liabilities of the prior holder of such shares; and
no change shall be made in the articles of asso-
ciation by which the rights, remedies, or security
of the existing creditors of the association shall
be impaired. For all debts, contracted by such
association for the circulation, deposits, or other-
wise, each shareholder shall be liable to the
amount, at their par value, of the shares held by
him in addition to the amount invested in such
shares.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for any association formed under this
act, by its articles of association, to provide for
an increase of its capital from time to time as
may be deemed expedient, subject to the limita-
tions of this act; but no such increase shall be
valid until the increased capital shall be paid in,
and notice thereof shall have been transmitted to
the Comptroller of the Currency, and his certifi-
cate obtained, specifying the amount of such in-
crease of capital stock, and that the same has been
duly paid to such association.
Sec. 14. Andbe it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for any such association to purchase,
hold, and convcy real estate as follows:
First. Such as shall be necessary for its imme-
diate accommodation in the transaction of its
business.
Second. Such as shall be mortgaged to it in
good faith by way of security for loans made by
such association, or for moneys due thereto.
Third. Such as shall be conveyed to it in sat-
isfaction of debts previously contracted in the
course of its dealings.
Fouith, Such as it shall puichase at sales
under judgments, decrees, or mortgages held by
such association.
Such association shall not purchase or hold real
estate in any other ease or for any other purpose
than as specified in this section.
Sec. 15. Andbe it further enacted, That every
association, after having complied with the.pro-
visions of this act preliminary to the commence-
ment of banking business under its provisions,
shall transfer and deliver to the Treasurer of the
United States any United States bonds bearing
interest to an amount not less than one third of
the capital stock paid in, which bonds shall be
deposited with the Treasurer of the United States,
and by him safely kept in his office until the same
shall be otherwise disposed of, in pursuance of
the provisions of this act.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That upon
the making of any such transfer and delivery,, the
association making the same shall be entitled to
receive from the Comptroller of the Currency
circulating notes of different denominations, in
blank, registered and countersigned as hereinafter
provided, equal in amount to ninety per centum
of tfie current market value of the United States
bonds so transferred and delivered, but not ex-
ceeding the par value thereof, if bearing interest
at the rate of six per centum, or of equivalent
United States bonds bearing a less rate of interest;
and at no time shall the total amount of such notes,
issued to any such association, exceed the amount
at such time actually paid in of its capital stock.
Sec. 17. Andbe it further enacted, Thattheen-
tire amount of circulating notes to be issued under
this act shall not exceed three hundred millions
of dollars. One hundred and fifty millions of
which sum shall be apportioned to associations in
the States, in the District of Columbia, and in the
Territories, according to representative popula-
tion, and the remainder shall be apportioned by
the Secretary of the Treasury among associations
formed in the several States, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and in the Territories, having due regard
to the existing banking capital, resources, and
business, of such States, District, and Territories.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That, in
order to furnish suitable notes for circulation, the
Comptroller of the Currency is hereby authorized
and required, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to cause plates to be engraved
in the best manner to guard against counterfeiting
and fraudulent alterations, and to have printed
therefrom, and numbered, such quantity of cir-
culating notes, in blank, of the denominations of
five dollars, ten dollars, twenty dollars, fifty dol-
lars, one hundred dollars, five hundred dollars,
and one thousand dollars, as may be required to
supply, under this act, the associations entitled to
receive the same; which notes shall express upon
their face that they are secured by United States
bonds, dS\iosited with the treasurer of the United
States, and issued under the provisions of this
act, which statement shall be attested by the writ-
ten or engraved signatures of the Treasurer and
Register, and by the imprint of the seal of the
Treasury; and shall also express upon their face
the promise of the association receiving the same,
to pay on demand, attested by the signatures of
the president, or vice president, and cashier; and
the said notes shall bear sueh devices and such
other statements, and shall be in sueh form, as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tion, direct.
Sec. 19. Ami be it further enacted, That the
plates and special dies ti be procured by the Comp-
troller of the Currency for the printing of such
circulating notes shall remain under his control
and direction, and the expenses necessarily in-
curred in executing the provisions of this act re-
specting the procuring of such notes, shall be
audited and paid as contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department; and for the purpose of re-
imbursing the same, and all other expenses in-
curred under this act, and in lieu of all taxes upon
the circulation authorized by this act, or upon the
bonds deposited for the security of the same, such
association organized under this act shall semi-
annually, on the first days of January and July,
after its organization, pay to the Comptroller of
the Currency, in lawful money of the United States,
one per centum on the amount of circulating notes
received by such association, and in default there-
of, the Treasurer of the United States is hereby
authorized to reserve and retain one per centum
