1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
which isatall practical to this discussion—whether
the bank bill proposed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and introduced by me in tlie Senate,
will tend to secuie us a national currency beyond
the danger of inflation. Its general provisions are
no doubt known to Senators. The amount of
circulation limited by the terms of this bill is
$300,000,000. Is that currency safe ? I think any
one who will read this bill with candor will find
that beyond all contingency the currency pro-
posed to be issued under it is safe. It is first se-
cured by the bonds of the United States; a mar-
gin of ten per cent, is left for depreciation; and
then in case of further depreciation the Secretary
is authorized to call for the deposit of a greater
amount of bonds. While the depreciation under par
exists no interest can be paia upon these bonds,
but it is held in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury for redemption. .Besides that, the banks
have to keep on hand twenty-five per cent, in law-
ful money. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] proposes to make that gold and silver;
but that is perfectly futile and impossible now.
The bank bill requires that twenty-five per cent,
of all the deposits and all the circulation shall be
kept on hand, so that the note-holder will first have
the security of the bonds of the Government and
a margin for depreciation; he will have twenty-five
per cent, of the amount of circulation always on
hand in the bank; and then, in addition to that,
he will have the first lien on all property of the
bank.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, either the Govern-
ment or the note-holder. The Government would
have a lien for all the deficiency upon all the prop-
erty of the bank; and m addition to that, it would
have the additional responsibility of the banker
himself to the amount of twice the capital stock.
There is not, in this country, any scheme of bank-
ing which secures the note-holder more perfectly
than this. First, he has the credit of the United
States by its bonds and by its guarantees; to guard
against deficiency he has the deposit of one fourth
the amount in bank; he has the individual liabil-
ity of the stockholders to a limited extent; and he
has the first lien on all the property of the bank,
including the deposits. It is impossible, therefore,
to make a system more safe than this will be.
Will this money be convertible? The United
States notes are not convertible; that is, there is
no one to pay them on demand. These bank bills
are convertible. When they are presented at the
counter it is the duty of the banker at once to pay
them promptly in lawful money of the United
States; and that money is to be restricted to the
amount of the present issues or to the §50,000,000
additional authorized in this bill. They are con-
vertible at any time.
Thiscurrency willbe uniform. It will be printed
by the United States. It will be of uniform size,
shape, and form; so that a bank bill issued in the
State of Maine will be current in California; a
bank bill issued in Ohio will be current wherever
our Government currency goes at all; and a bank
bill issued in the State of Connecticut will be freely
taken in Iowa or anywhere else. There is no limit
to its convertibility. It will be of uniform value
throughout the United States. I have no doubt
these United States notes will, m the end, be taken
as the Bank of England note now is all over the
world, as a medium, and a standard medium of
exchange; not, it is true, during the war, but after
peace shall again bless us. These notes will then
be the very best currency that can be issmed. They
will be safe; they will be uniform; they will be
convertible. Those are all the requisites that are
necessary forany system ofcurrency orexchange.
Now, Mr. President, let us see and examine a
little more accurately the advantages the Govern-
ment of the United States will derive from this
system; because, unless the Government is to
derive some benefit the system ought not to be
pressed. I take it as an axiom that the United
States should not issue United States notes to an
amount greater than sufficient to fill the vacuum
created by the withdrawal of gold, the amount of
preset)tissues. Wliat benefit, then, does the United
States obtain from this system? The first bene-
fit is, there is a market furnished for the bonds of
the United States. These banks must furnish ten
per cent, more of the bonds of the United States
than they receive in paper money. This at once,
if the full amount is issued, which I do not antici-
pate within a year, will furnish'a market for over
three hundred and thirty million dollars of bonds;
and we know very well by the laws Of demand
and supply, that where a demand is made for a
given article the demand extends far beyond the
particular want. For instance, if there is a de-
mand in England for ten million bushels of wheat,
that demand affects the price of one hundred mil-
lion bushels in this country; so that the increase
in the price of wheat growing out of this unex-
pected demand for wheat is more than twice or
threefold the value of the wheat that is demanded.
You make a fixed and permanent demand for
United States bonds used for banking purposes,
and you give a credit to $1,000,000,000 of bonds.
That is the law of demand and supply, yhe
very demand for these bonds, owing to the neces-
sity forcapitalists to keep them to base their bank-
ing upon, will make them a desirable security.
When a banker wishes these bonds other persons
will wish them. Every demand you make for
them increases largely the value of the security.
I have no doubt—indeed I know—that within a
very short time after this system is in operation,
banks will be started. I know that then there will
be a demand for these bonds. Many of the bonds
that are now outstanding will be absorbed for
banking purposes, and others will be demanded.
They will be compelled to get them. Bankers will
have them; other persons will have them; because,
as I said before, if you make a demand for one
purpose, that demand will extend to many others;
and this is an important consideration. Sir, you
cannot carry on this war except by the sale of
your bonds. Any ingeniously contrived system
to carry it on by paper money in the form of cur-
rency will be futile. Then you can only carry on
your operations, as an individual or a nation, by
the sale of your bonds or the use of your credit.
If you have not got the money, you must borrow
it; and all other schemes are idle. You may, itis
true, furnish a limited amount in paper currency.
When you go one step beyond that limit fixed by
the laws of finance and commerce, then you de-
stroy the value of that which you use as cur-
rency. Your power to borrow goes on indefinitely.
Your business, therefore, is to make a demand for
your Government securities, and thus induce the
investment of the money of the people in the bonds
of the United States.
Why, sir, there is in this country an ample
supply of capital for all purposes. Our annual
productions arc shown by the census to be
§1,900,000,000 a year. The aggregate wealth of
this people is over $12,000,000,000. The actual
capital that is now in the hands of the people,
seeking and begging for investment, would carry
on this war for years. There is no want of cap-
ital. It is a wantof confidence, a want of system;
a fear that that winch the people have will fall
suddenly on their hands utteily worthless. That
is the real danger. This bill does furnish a^iarket
for your bonds and your securities—that credit by
which alone you can carry on u Government in
time of war.
But, sir, that is not all. They will furnish a
medium by which the State bank paper may be
gradually absorbed—not by any harsh measures.
Some of the friends of local banks think this is a
great scheme to break down local banks. Why,
sir, as I shall show you before I am through, it
is clearly the interest of every local bank of the
United States to avail itself of the provisions of
this law. It. will no doubt operate gradually to
absorb the local banks, to retire their issues by
substituting in their place an issue that will be
safe, uniform, and convertible in all parts of the
country. I believe this system, if it has a fair
trial, a fair experiment, will gradoally absorb all
the State banks, without deranging the currency
of the country or destroying; the value of the prop-
erty of stockholders in banks.
'Not only that. This scheme will furnish a con-
venient agency for the collection of your taxes.
You have now in this country collectors and as-
sessors scattered all over the country, in every !
district, and the people are compelled to pay taxes; j
some a little and some a great deal. What is the 1
medium by which they are to be paid ? At pres-
ent there is no other medium except by what are
called the greenbacks, the United States notes,
and these notes are forced out of circulation by the
superabundance of bank paper; so that a person
who desires to pay your taxes is compelled to go
into your market to obtain first United States de*
mnnd notes by the sale or-conversion of his barrk
paper, and then to pay his taxes. This will furnish
a convenient medium by which the taxes may be
paid, and as these banks will gradually extend
themselves all over the country, they will be made
the convenient depositories of the public money.
As itis now, every collector is bound to take what
paper money he gets, and hold it in his hands
subject to all risks. He dare not, under our laws,
deposit it with banks. He runs all the risk of
fire and accident; and all the money he may have
on his hands he is responsible for. He has no
safe where he can deposit it. The United States
Government does not furnish a safe, and it forbids
him depositing in banks. Under this system all
the money of the United States may be safely de-
posited in banks, and that deposit willbesecured
by the Government bonds, so that there can be no
loss.
But there is another reasonin favorofthis meas
lire. It will make a community of interest be
tween the stockholders of banks, the people, and
the Government. At present there is a great
contrariety and a great difference of opinion; a
great diversity of interests. The local banks have
one interest, and the Government currency an-
other. They are brought into contact. But, sir,
by the passage of this bill you will harmonize
these interests; so that every stockholder, every
mechanic, every laborer who holds one of these
notes will be interested in the Government—not in
a local bank, but in the Government of the Uni-
tedStates—whose faith and credit and security ho
will be more anxious to uphold. If this system
had been spread all over this country, and these
banks had been established as agencies North and
South, East and West, upon the basis of national
credit, I believe they would have done very much
indeed to maintain the Federal Government and
to prevent the great crime of secession.
But, sir, there is a still higher motive for the
passage of this bill. It will promote a sentiment
of nationality. There can be no doubt of it. The
policy of this country ought to be to make every-
thing national as far as possible; to nationalize
our country, so that we shall love our country.
If we are dependent on the United States for a
currency and a medium of exchange, we shall
have a broader and a more generous nationality.
The want of such nationality, I believe, is one of
the great evils of the times. This doctrine of
State rights, which substitutes a local community
—for, after all, the most powerful State is but a
local community—instead of the United States of
America, has been the evil of the times; and it
has been that principle of State rights, that bad
sentiment that has elevated State authority above
the great national authority, that has been the
main instrument by which our Government is
sought to be overthrown.
But, Mr. President, 1 say that this system will
be a benefit to the banks themselves,'as well as
to the Government. The similarity of notes all
over the United States will give them a wider cir-
culation. A note issued by a bank in Maine will
have upon it precisely the same engraving, the
same form, the same character, as a note issued
in Iowa. They will both rest on the same basis
and the same security. This very fact will give
them a broader circulation. Asa matter of course,
now, when a note is issued in Ohio, if it straggles
as far as Washington, itis discounted two per
cent., although it is )ust as good as any other
note, and is driven back by 'he very fact that it
is at a discount. If that note bore the similitude
of the United States of America, and the stamp
and the guarantee which the United States gives
it, it would go everywhere; anil a note-holder
would not care whether it were issued in Ohio,
Connecticut, or California. That very similitude
would give it a broader circulation, and, conse-
quently, a more profitable circulation to the bank;
it would not be returned so quickly. I have been
told by gentlemen from New England that the
average periods of circulation 111 New England
is about thirty days; in New York, m the cities,
it is much less; in the West it is said to be sixty
days. But, sir, these notes all being the same,
they may have an indefinite circulation, and the
average may extend to years, instead of months
or days.
There is another important advantage which
the banks would derive from this system. They
