646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
a sound national currency, is more important than
any measure that we can pass.
I may say to my political friends that it receives
the sanction of every member of the Administra-
tion, and particularly the earnest sanction of the
fentleman who is placed in charge of the Treasury
)epartment. I will say to my political adversa-
ries that it has no connection with party politics.
It has been framed, I believe, without reference to
any political dispute, simply to accomplish that
which we all desire—to place our national credit
on the surest and safest foundation. I ask them,
before they record their votes against it, at least
to furnish us a better. It is easy to find objections
to this, although it has been carefully prepared,
but tell us a better. Shall we go on issuing paper
mom;y, disordering and deranging the value of
everything? Shall we sell our bonds in the mar-
ket for what they will bring? That we can do.
Great Britain did it; but she established a sound
national currency through the agency of the Bank
of.England before she did it; she removed the re-
strictions from the Bank of England before she
commenced that system of selling her public se-
curities. Then she did it. Unless, you can tell
me a better system, I appeal"to friends and oppo-
nents to vote for this bill; because whatever dif-
ferences there may be as to the mode of adminis-
tering the Government, whatever differences there
may be as to political questions growing out of
the war on the much-disputed matter of the con-
dition of the African race in this country, there
can be no doubt that we all alike are interested in
preserving our national honor, our national credit,
our national existence. If these are lost, what a
sea of troubles is before us! If our credit is gone,
if our nationality is destroyed, who among us now
can see the end of the difficulties that loom up in
the future ? Who can see the difficulties thut will
arise if a boundary line is attempted to be drawn
across this continent between two hostile sections?
Who can see the difficulties before us if by the
progress of time our paper currency becomes what
my friend from Kentucky yesterday said it was,
u worthless trash ?" Then, sir, the Government
is subverted. No people can carry on a long war
unless with money, and you cannot get money
unless you have public faith, unless you have the
means of borrowing, and the means of paying at
leant the interest shall by a wise and unifoi m sys-
tem be provided, so as to show that there is really
a determination to pay it.
I believe that if the financial bill reported from
the Finance Committee, and this bill, a necessary
supplement, together with ajustsystem establish-
ing a sinking fund, be passed, we can carry on
this war even with the enormous burdens that are
thrown on our people. Then let us, in addition
to this system, practice economy. I know that
sometimes Senators have thought 1 have been
veiy captious on that subject. Perhaps 1 have
been; but I have felt that there was a necessity for
it. If I know my own heart, I have not been
actuated by any unworthy spirit, but simply by
a desire to save and husband the resources of the
people of this country, to enable them to meet the
great national difficulties that exist. If we can
only get through this strait, if we can only get
through this difficulty, if we can see our way out
of tins war upon the basis of a preservation of
the Union, there is nothing that can be said too
highly of the future of this country. With bound-
less resources, with an enterprising population,
placed in the center of a great continent, in a tem-
perate climate, history does not afford, and cannot
furnish, a parallel of our capacity. Our example
of success will not only establish our republican
form of government, but it will spread the spirit
of our republican institutions over lands that are
yet living under kings and nobles and despots.
Sir, I do therefore press upon the attention of the
Senate this important bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, notwith-
standing fhe suggestions of the honorable Sena-
tor who has just spoken, I desire to be heard. I
have more desire to be heard even than to speak
upon this bill,its general features, and its effect on
the interests of the people I represent. But, sir,
1 am not prepared entirely; my preparation is im-
perfect. I have not heaul the exposition of the
bill, of the grounds on which itsauthor in this body
puts it, until now. I therefore desire to have a lit-
tle time, say till to-morrow morning, to present
my views; perhaps some other gentleman may
be ready to go on now.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Vermont that we may go on with the amendments
to-day. The bill certainly cannot be got through
this evening. There are four or five amendments
that can be voted on.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to votes
being taken upon the amendments, i have noth-
ing to say on them. I wish to speak to the gen-
eral merits of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest, then, that the Sena-
tor speak upon the merits of the bill to-morrow.
I shall hear him with great pleasure.
Mr. COLLAMER, I will withhold myremarks
for the present.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jind he it further enacted, That each and every banking
association organized under this act shall be. and is here-
by, required to keep in its vaults in gold and silver coin,
at all times, an amount equal to at least one fourth of the
amount of the notes it is authorized to issue.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to dis-
cuss the amendment at any length. Before this
bill is finally disposed of, however, I may make
a few remarks on its general features. I will sim-
ply content myself now with remarking to the
Senate that the object of the amendment is the
security of the bill-holders. The Senator from
Ohio, in the speech he has made this morning,
has said very little on that amendment. One re-
mark fell from the Senator, however, that to my
mind suggested the propriety of requiring some
such amendment to be inserted in the bill. He
stated that at this time the securities of broken
railways were selling higher in the stock market
at New York than the six per cent, bonds of the
United States. If the six per cent, bonds of the
United States Government, which are the secu-
rity upon which these bills are to be issued, are,
in the market of the great commercial emporium
of the country, worth less than broken railway
securities, it strikes me forcibly that we ought to
have some other security for the people who will
have these bills circulated among them.
The Senator seems to be a little offended be-
cause I spoke of this money as " trash." Why,
sir, notwithstanding we are engaged in a war, 1
am in the habit of calling things by their proper
names. I am sure the honorable Senator him-
self will not state to the Senate that the Treasury
notes of the Government are very much sought
after by the business community in this country,
ft is know n that they are this day a't a very heavy
discount. Itis wellknown that the issues ofall the
good State banks in this country are, in their re-
spective Stales, at from three to four per cent,
premium over these notes. They arc at more than
thirty per cent, discount below gold, and if that
is not enough to justify the use of the word "trash"
in relation to this currency, I am at a loss to know
what is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from Kentucky allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Am I cor-
rect in understanding the Senator to say to the
Senate that the notes of non-specie-paying banks
arc at a premium above the demand notes of the
Government?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir. I made that state-
ment. The Kentucky State bank paper is so
quoted in our papers. 1 think my colleague will
bear testimony that such is the intelligence we get
from there, i t is three per cent., I think,over the
paper of the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We think
we have very good banks in our part of the coun-
try; but instead of their notes being at a premium
above the Government notes the Government
notes are equal to them, and i think I may say
are superior; and I think it is so in the country
generally.
Mr. DAVIS. I received a letter a few days
since from the president of the Northern Bank of
Kentucky, informing me that the notes of that
bank were at an advance upon the "greenbacks"
of about three per cent. It was so at the time I
left my residence to come here.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts, that my intelligence from Ken-
tucky is, that our bank paper is some three per
cent., perhaps a little higher, above the Govern-
ment notes. I will also say to the Senator that
Kentucky State bonds are some six or eight per
cent, higher in the market at New York than
United States sixes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator that Massachusetts fives are above
the Government sixes.
Mr. PO WELL. That indicates very clearly that
the Government credit is not very good just now.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. At any time
I have ever known bonds of the State of Massa-
chusetts, at the same rate of interest, always sell
better than the Government bonds in the markets
of London; and further than that, I will say to the
Senator that, in my judgment, the demand notes
of this Government are to-day, in the commercial
points of this country, the equal of the bank paper,
and in some cases a premium is paid for them.
Mr. POWELL. It may be so with some banks;
but the paper of banks based on solid credit, that
have exhibited for long years as safe and skillful
management as those of Kentucky, is above the
Government paper. I did not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of making any speech on this
amendment, but merely to call the attention of the
Senate to the reason why 1 wish it to be adopted.
The vote being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, CarJUe, Davis, Foot, Grimes,
Harding, Howard, Kennedy, Powell, Rice, Trumbull, Tur-
pie, Wall, and Wilaon of Missouri—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Harlan, Harris, Hicks,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move, in the twentieth sec-
tion, lines nine and ten, to strike out the words
" except for duties on imports." I desire to have
the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, one fifth
of the members present not seconding the call.
Mr. POWELL. By the provisions of this bill,
the notes that are to be issued by the various bank-
ing associations, which are the Government notes,
are to be received for the public dues, and the
Government is to pay them out, with one single
exception; and that is one that it is said we are
compelled to make at this time because some of
our bonds require the interest to be paid in coin.
The Government requires these notes to be taken
by the people; they are made a legal tender by
the law 
Mr. COLLAMER. No; not these notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The notes are not a legal
tender.
Mr. POWELL. That may be. I am speak-
ing of those we have issued.
Mr.SUERMAN. The United States notes are.
Mr. POWELL. They are receivable for Uni-
ted States dues except in the case of customs
duties. They are to become the money of the
people, and the object of this bill is to introduce
these notes to the exclusion of all other currency.
The object is to destroy the State banks, and I
would have preferred that the honorable Senator
had put in a clause in this bill that the issues of
State banks were to be taxed, so that we might
meet it all at once. There is a bill back of this,
he says, that is to fax all the issues of the State
banks two per cent. Really the object and the
design of this system is to destroy the State banks.
That is clearly set forth in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It is the main idea upon
which he goes; and, in order to effect that, when
this bill shall have been passed, if it shall be
passed, there will speedily follow a bill to tax the
issues of State banks and drive them from circu-
lation, in older that these notes may be substi-
tuted. Your bank bill will fall a dead letter un-
less you drive the issues of the State banks from
circulation. The sole object of the billisagrand
consolidated scheme for the issue of paper money.
The Secretary of the Treasury and the friends of
this bill, as I understand from the report of the
Secretary and from the various bills now pending
here, desire that they sh&U'be the only makers of
paper money; that it shaH penetrate into the chan-
