APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
3^th Cons....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
PQTt of the condition of the association to the
Comptroller; and the association shall not be sub-
ject to any other visitorial powers than such as
are authorized by this act, except such as are
vested in the several courts of law and chancery.
And every person appointed to make such exam-
ination shall receive for his services at the rate of
five dollars for each day by him employed in such
examination, and two dollars for every twenty-
five miles he shall necessarily travel iri the per-
formance of his duty, which shall be paid by the
association by him examined.
Sec . 52. And be it further enacted, That every
president, director, cashier, teller, clerk, oragent
of any association, who shall embezzle, abstract,
or willfully misapply any of the moneys, funds,
or credits of the association, or shall, withoutau-
thority from the directors, issue or put in circula-
tion any of the notes of the association, or shall,
without such authority, issue or put forth any
certificate of deposit, draw any order or bill of
exchange, make any acceptance, assigirany note,'
bond,draft, bill of exchange, mortgage, judgment,
or decree, or shall make any false entry in any
book, report, or statement of the association, with
intent, in either case, to in jure or defraud any other
company, body-politic or corporate, or any in-
dividual person, or to deceive any officer or agent
appointed to examine the affairs of any such as-
sociation, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemean-
or, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
by imprisonment not less than five nor more than
ten years.
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That the
president and cashier of every such association
.shall cause to be kept at all times a full and cor-
rect list of the names and residences of all the
shareholders in the association in the office where
its business is transacted; and such list shall be
subject to the inspection of all the shareholders
and creditors of the association during business
hours of each day in which business may be le-
gally transacted; and a copy of such list, vended
by the oath of such president or cashier, shall, at
the beginning of every year, be transmitted to the
Comptroller of the Currency, commencing on the
first day of the first quarter after the organization
of the association.
Sec. 54. Andbeit further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, when-
ever, in las judgment, the public interests will be
promoted thereby, to employ any of such asso-
ciations doing business under this act as depos-
itaries of the public moneys, except receipts from
customs.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, Thatall suits
and proceedings arising out of the provisions of
this uct, in which the United States or its officers
or agents shall be parties, shall be conducted by
the district attorneys of the several districts, under
the direction and supervision of the Solicitor of
the Treasury.
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted, That every
person who shall mutilate, cut, deface, disfigure,
or perforate with holes, or shall unite or cement
together, or do any other tiling to any bank bill,
draft, note, or other evidence of debt issued by
any such association, or shall cause or procure
the same to be done, with intent to render such
bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt,
unfit to be reissued by said association, shall upon
conviction forfeit fifty dollars to the association
who shall fee injured thefuby, to be recovered by
action iii any court having jurisdiction.
Sue. 57. And be it farther enacted, That if any
person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit,
or cause or procure to be made, forged, or coun-
terfeited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely malt-
ing, forging, or counterfeiting, any note in imita-
tion of, or purporting to be in imitation of, the
circulating notes issued under the provisions of
this act, or shall pass, utter, or publish, or at-
tempt to pass, utter, or publish any false, forged,
or counteifeited note, purporting to be issued by
any association doing n banking business under
the provisions of this act, knowing the same to
bo falsely made, forged, 01 counterfeited, or shall
falsely alter, or cause or procure to be falsely al-
tered, or willingly aid or assist in falsely altering,
any such circulating notes, issued as aforesaid, or
shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt to pass,
utter or publish as true, any falsely altered or
spurious circulating note, issued or purporting to
have been issued as aforesaid, knowing the same
to be falsely altered or spurious, every such^per-
son shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of fel-
ony, and being thereof convicted by due course
of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and
kept at hard labor for 'a period not less than five
years nor more than fifteen years, and to be fined
in a sum not exceeding one thousand dollars.
Sec. 58. And be it further enacted, Th^t if any
person shall make or engrave, or cause or pro-
cure to be made or engraved, or shall have in his
custody or possession any engraved plate or block
after the similitude of any plate from which any
circulating notes issued as aforesaid shall have
been printed, with intent to use such plate or
block, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in
forging or counterfeiting any of the notes issued
as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody or pos-
session any blank note or notes engraved and
printed after the similitude of any notes issued as
aforesaid, with intent to use such blanks, or cause
or suffer the same to be used, in forging or coun-
terfeiting any of the notes issued as aforesaid, or
shall hare in his custody or possession any paper
adapted to the making of such notss.and similar
to the paper upon which any such notes shall
have been issued, with intent to use such paper,
or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging
or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as afore-
said, every such person, being thereof convicted
by due course of law, shall be sentenced to be
imprisoned and kept to hard labor for a term not
less than five nor more than fifteen years, and
fined m a sum not exceeding one thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 59. And be it further enacted, That suits,
actions, and proceedings by and against any as-
sociation under this act maybe had in any circuit,
district, or territorial court of the United States
held within the district in which such association
may be established.
Sec. 60. Andbe it further cnactcd, Tfuit it shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency
to report annually to Congress, at the commence-
ment of its session—
First. A summary of the state and condition of
every association from whom reports have been
rc eived the preceding year, at the several dates
to which'^uch reports refer, with an abstract of
the whole amount of banking capital returned by
them, of the whole amount of their debts and lia-
bilities, the amount of circulating notes outstand-
ing, and the total amount of means and resources,
specifying the amount of specie held by them at
the times of their several returns, and such other
information in relation to said associations as, in
his judgment, may be useful-
Second. A statement of tile associations whose
business has been closed during the year, with
the amount of their circulation redeemed, and the
amount outstanding.
Third. To suggest any amendment to the laws
relative to banking by which the system may be
improved, and the security of the bill holders and
depositors may be increased.
Fourth. To report the names and compensa-
tion of the clciks •employed by tiim, and the
whole amount of the expenses of the banking
department during the year; and such reportshajj
be made by or before the first (lay of December
in each year, and the usual number of copies for
the use of the Senate and House, and one thou-
sand copies for the use of the Department, sltall
be printed by the public printer and in readiness
for distribution on the first meeting of Congress.
Sec. 61. And be it further enacted, That any
banking association or corporation lawfully in
existence as a bank of circulation 011 the first day
of January, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, organized in any State, either under
a special act of incorporation or a general bank-
ing law, may, at any time within years after
the passage of this act become an association un-
der the provisions of this act; that in such case
the certificate of association provided for by this
act shall be signed by the directors of such bank-
ing association or corporation, and in addition to
the specifications required by thisact,shallspecify
that ^jch directors are authorized by the owners
of two thirds of the capital stock of such bank-
ing association or corporation to make such, cer-
tificate of association; and such certificate of as-
sociation shall thereafter have the same effect,
and the same proceedings shall be had thereon,
as is provided for as to other associations organ-
ized under this act. And such association or
corporation thereafter shall have the same powers
and privileges, and shall be subject to the same
duties, responsibilities, and rules, in all respects,
as is [are] pi-escribed in this act for other asso-
ciations organized under it, and shall be held and
regarded as an association under this act.
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted, Thatanybank
or banking association, authorized by any Slate
law to engage in the business of banking, and duly,
organized under such State law at the time of the
passage of this act, and which shall be the holder
and owner of United States bonds to the amount
of fifty per centum of its capital stock, may trans-
fer and deliver to the Treasurer of the United
States such bonds, or any part thereof, in the
manner provided by this act; and upon making
such transfer and delivery, such bank or banking
association shall be entitled to receive from the
Comptroller of the Currency, circulating notes, as
herein provided, equal in amount to eighty per
centum of the amount of the bonds so transferred
and delivered.
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That upon the
failure of any such State bank or banking asso-
ciation to redeem any of its circulating notes is-
sued underthe provisions of the preceding section,
the Comptroller of the Currency shall, when satis-
fied that such default has been made, and within
thirty days after notice of such default, proceed
to declare the bonds transferred and delivered to
the Treasurer forfeited to the "United States, and
the same shall thereupon be forfeited accordingly.
And thereupon the circulating notes which have
been issued by such bank or banking association
shall be redeemed and paid at the Treasury of the,
United States, in the same manner as other circu-
lating notes issued under the provisions of this act
are redeemed and paid.
Sec.64. Andbe itfurtherenacted, Thatthebonds
forfeited, as provided in the last preceding section,
may be canceled to an amount equal to the cir-
culating notes redeemed and jjaid, or such bonds
may be sold, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and after retaining out of the pro-
ceeds a sum sufficient to pay the whole amount
of circulating notes for the redemption of which
such bonds are held, the surplus, if any remains,
shall be paid to the bank or banking association
from which such bonds were received.
Sec. 65. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress reserves the right, at any time, to amend,
alter, or repeal this act.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap. LIX.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Legislative, Executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
and for the year eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafterexpressed for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June,eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, namely:
legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, two
hundred and forty thousand four hundred and
thirty dollars.
For compensation of the.oflicers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollase; offi-
cer charged with disbursements of the Senate, four
hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; principal clerk and prin-
cipiil executive cleik in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, at two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars each; eight clerks in office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, at one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars each; keeper of the station-
ery, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two
dollars; two messengers, at one thousand and
