1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37™ GONG.,..3D S®
eighty dollars each; one page, at five hundred
dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, (wo
thousand dollars; assistant doorkeeper, one thou-
sand seven hundred dollars; postmaster to the
Senate, one thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars; assistant postmaster and mail carrier, one
thousand four hundred and. forty dollars; two
mail boys, at nine hundred dollars each; super-
intendent of the document room, one thousand
five hundred dollars; two assistants in document
room, at one thousand two hundred dollars each;
superintendent of the folding room, one thousand
five hundred dollats; two messengeis, acting as
assistant doorkeepers, at one thousand five hun-
dred dollars each; seventeen- messengers, At one
thousand two hundred dollars each; superintend-
ent in charge of Senate furnaces, one thousand
two hundred dollars; assistant in charge of fur-
naces, six hundred dollars; laborer in private
passage, six hundred dollars; two laborers, at
four hundred and eighty dollars each; clerk or sec-
retary to the President of the Senate, one thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; cleric
to the Committee on Finance, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars; clei k to the Committee
of Claims, one thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars; clerk of priming records, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars; chaplain to the
Senate, seven hundred and fifty dollars; making
seventy-nine thousand and fourteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand dollars.
For Congressional Globe, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For reporting proceedings in the ©aily Globe
for the first session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
ten thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the Senate
for the first regular session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four thou-
sand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carry-alls, thirty-nine thousand dollars.
For Capitol police, ten thousand two hundred
and twenty-four dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating appa-
ratus, fourteen thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation and mileage of Members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates from
Territories, nine hundred and thirty-four thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
Clerk of the House of Representatives, three
thousand six hundred dollars; two clerks, at two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars each;
eleven clerks, at one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars each; principal messenger in the office, at
four dollars and eighty cents per day, one thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-six dollars and
eighty cents; three messengers, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each; messenger to the
Speaker, at fourdollars and eighty cents per day,
one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six dollars
and eighty cents; clerk to the Committee of Ways
and Means, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
clerk to the Committee of Claims, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; clerk to the Committee on
Public Lands, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars; clerk to the Sergeant-at-
Arms, one thousandeighthundred dollars; mes-
senger to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand two
hundred dollais; postmaster, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars; one messenger in the
office,T>ne thousand .seven hundred and forty dol- I
lars; four messengers, at one thousand fourhun- I
dred and forty dollars each; two mail boys, at
nine hundred dollars each; Capitol police, eleven
thousand one hundred and seventy dollars; Door-
keeper, two thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars; superintendent of the folding room, one {
thousand eight hundred dollars; two messengers,
atone thousand seven hundred and fifty-six dol-
lars and eighty rents each; one messenger, at one
thousand seven hundred and forty dollars; five
messengi rs, at one thousand five hundred dollars
each; six messengers,at one thousand two hun-
dred dolhus each; twelve messengers, to be em-
ployed during the session of.Congiess, at the rate
of one thousand two hundred dollars each per
annum; chaplain to the House of Representatives,
seven hundred and fifty dollars; making one hun-
dred and three thousand four hundred and eighty-
seven dollars arid twenty cents.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Member and Del-
egate of the first regular session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, and one hundred copies of the
same for the House Library, thirty-nine thousand
nine hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For the compensation of clerks to committees,
and temporary clerks in the office of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, eighteen thousand
eight hundred and sixty-four dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel nnjl lights, including pay ofengineers,
firemen, and laborers, repairs, and materials,
twelve thousand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing boxes for
members, ten thousand dollars.
For horses,carriages, and saddle horses, se^en
thousand five hundred dollars.
For laboters, seven thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand dol-
lars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
doliais.
For pages and temporary mail boys, ten thou-
sand two hundred and six dollars.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in the
Daily Globe, at seven dollars and fifty cents per
column, fifteen thousand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe
for reporting the proceedings of the House for the
first regular session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, eight hundied dollars each, four thousand
dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of hbraiian, three assistant
librarians, messenger, and laborers, ten thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said library, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said library, two
thousand dollars.
For stone flooring for library of Congress, four
thousand dollars.
Public Printing.
For compensation of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, and the clerks and messenger in his
office, nine thousand seven hundred and seventeen
dollars and sixty cents.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz: For
blank-books, stationery, postage, advertising for
proposals for paper, furniture, traveling expenses,
horses and wagons, servant, and miscellaneous
items, two thousand, four hundred and twenty
dollars.
For the public printing, one hundred and twen-
ty-four thousand five hundred and thirty-nine dol-
lars and seventy cents: Provided, That all litho-
graphing and engraving, where the probable cost
cxceeds two hundred and fifty dollars, shall be
awarded to the lowest and best bidder for the in-
terest of the Government, after due advertisement
by the Superintendent of Public Printing.
For paper for the public printing, including the
post office blanks, one hundred and eighty-three
thousand five hundred and twelve dollars.
For the public binding, two hundred and twenty
thousand three hundred and seventy-eight dollars i
and eight cents. \
Court of Claims. ,
For salaries of three judges of the Court of ■
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy ;
solicitor, cleik, and assi*tant clerk, and messen- 1
ger thereof, twenty-seven thousand three hundred {
dollars. :
For stationery, books, fuel, lights, laborers*
hire, and other contingent and miscellaneous ex*
penses, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of attorneys toattendto fak*
in* testimony, and witnesses and commissioners^
one thousand dollars. -
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of thtif
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to the private secretary,'
steward, and messenger of the President of the
United States, four thousand six hundred dollar^.
For contingentcxpenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor, one thousand doJ-
lars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State and,
Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messenger,
assistant messenger, and laborers in his ofiie$,
fifty-seven thousand eight hundred .dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and
in newspapers of the States and Territories and.
in the city of Washington, seventeen thousand
one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and consul-
ates, including boxes and transportation of the
same, three thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, binding, furni-
ture, fixtures, and repairs, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, ten thousand
dollars.
Northeast Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the Northeast Executive Building,
three thousand six hundred .dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz.:
for fuel, light, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, five thousand five hundred dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Secietaryof the Treasury, clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
ins office, fifty-four thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborers m his office,
thirty-three thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his
office, twenty-eight thousand two hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borer in his office, forty-two thousand nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
Forcompensation of the Second Auditor, and,
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-eight thousand one
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger,assistant messenger,and labor-
ers in his office, ninety-three thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, thirty-one thousand nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
seventeen thousand eight hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, and the
cleiks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borers in hia office, one hundred and eighty-two
thousand seven hQndred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
