1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nels of commerce in every section of the country,
to the exclusion, ultimately, of all the local bank
circulation. That is the object. About that I
suppose there is no doubt. The honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio, who has introduced this bill, I dare
say, will tell us that that is the ultimate object he
has in view. When the Government are making
a currency for the people, when they pay it to the
people,and pay nothing else, except to the limited
- f xtent of the interest on the bonds to which 1 have
alluded, is it not right that the Government should
receive that paper monejr which it gives to the
people in payment of all its dues? f think it is
somewhat disreputable to a Government to make
a currency for the people, that the Government
. itself pays out to the people, and then not to re-
ceive the currency that it pays out m payment of
all its public dues. I think thatofitselfis enough
to stamp this paper money with discredit from
the very beginning. Business, men will inquire
why the Government will not receive this paper
money for all its public dues. Prudent, sagacious,
sensible, practical men will at once answer, her
cause it is less valuable than coin—than what we
were in the habit in old times of calling money.
In a word, if the Senator will not be offended
when I use the term, the Government is willing
to give the people-trash, but it demands to be paid
m coin all its customs, all its duties upon imports.
I think that provision is calculated to depreciate
these notes; and if the bill is to pass, I wish it to
be so amended as to keep up the credit of this
paper money if we are to have it.
There is another reason why I desire this clause
to be stricken out. In consequence of the depre-
ciation of the paper money of the Government,
foreign exchange has risen very high. I believe
sterling bills are selling to-day at perhaps from
seventy to seventy-seven per cent, premium. In
consequence of that, foreign goods are very high;
and when you add that to the enormous tariff
that we have, H makes all imported goods ex-
ceedingly high upon the great consuming inter-
ests of the entire country. If you would strike
out this clause, and allow the customs to be paid
in this paper money, it would decrease your tariff
to a very great extent, much to the relief of the
great consuming interest of the West, and, indeed,
of the whole country.
It would cause a more active commerce, and
for that, among other reasons, I desire it; and if
the Senator from Ohio will take a suggestion from
me concerning his bill, the best thing he can do
to keep up the credit of this papermoney, and to
prevent its depreciation, will be to require the
Government to take it for all its dues. That
would show the people that the Government that
issued it had confidence in it. The old United
States Bank paper was taken for all dues of the
Government; and I suppose there is no country
now which issues paper money that will not receive
that paper money which it issues to the people
in payment of all dues to the Government. With
this clause in the bill this paper money goes out
with the condemnation upon it of the Govern-
ment that issues it; that is, it is so trashy and so
far short of the value of coin that they will not
take it for their own dues; for we all know that
the larger portion of the money the Government
receives is from the duties collected on imports.
What the Government receives outside of that is
comparatively insignificant. I desire if this paper
money is to be issued, if it is to become the cur-
rency, that we shall keep it as near par value as
possible; and in order to do that let the people who
are forced to take it see that the Government
have confidence in it themselves, and that they
are willing to take it for all amounts due them.
I am aware that on some of the bonds issued it
is expressly stipulated that the interest shall be
paid m coin. To that extent the Government
would have to pay in coin; but that is but a com-
paratively trifling matter.
I again ask fori he yeas and nays on this amend-
ment', and I hope the Senate wdl give them to me,
for there is certainly not a more important pro-
vision in this bill. I shall desire to have the
privilege of recording my vote for it.
Mr. SflERMAN. I will explain the reason
of this provision if it is not already understood
by th" Senate. We have issued our bonds, the
iiuen st of which is payable in coin. The new
finance bill does Hot pay the interest on the short
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senator the amount
of those bonds?
Mr. SHERMAN. About three hundred mil-
lions all told, 1 believe.
Mr. POWELL. With the gold feature?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes;and $300,000,000more
to be issued* making $600,000,000; and the cus-
toms are payable in coin to furnish a fund to pay
that interest. It is not a hardship onthose who
import goods to require this. They pay the value
of the goods in foreign countries in coin,and pay
the duties also in coin. We must provideinsome
way the coin to pay the interest on the public
debt, and we have set apart the customs for that
purpose. That was the policy adopted last year
with general assent. But there are one or two
other things I wish to submit to the Senator from
Kentucky. He says these bills are trash because
we do not receive them for everything. That
would prove that all our paper money is trash,
for no bank bill is received for any dues to the
Government, and yet I believe that the specie
principle was adopted by the party of which the
Senator is a member. I ask if the bank bills of
the State of Kentucky are received for customs
or anything else by the Government? Are those
bills trash?
Mr. POWELL. So far as the bank bills of
Kentucky are concerned, I will state that we re-
ceive them for all our public dues in that State.
And, as the Senator alludes to the sub-Treasury
law, I will say that I was an advocate of the sub-
Treasury law, but now I am fully aware that at
the present time we cannot enforce it, and hence I
would be willing to relax it. The Government,
though, under the sub-Treasury law paid what
it received; it got payment in coin, anu paid out
coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Kentucky
says that the bank bills of Kentucky are so very
good, so much better than United States bills, al-
though Kentucky is part of the United States,
that they are three percent, premium. The bank
bills of Kentucky are excellent; but, yet they can-
not be received by the United States for anything.
!f they are presented at a custom-house they are
rejected. If they were presented to the collector
of Kentucky for internal duties, they would be
rejected. Is Kentucky bank paper trash?
Mr. President, this is all futile. We have agreed
to pay the interest of the public debt in coin. That
is part of the public faith of the United States;
and as a mode of receiving coin by the Govern-
ment, we have set aside the customs. We can-
not change that principle without a violation of
the public faith; therefore, we do not propose to
change it. I hope the amendment will not be agreed
to. This money is receivable for all other duties
except customs, which are set apart as a special
fund by laws passed on the faith of which bonds
have been issued and negotiated.
Mr. POWELL, t again ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been demanded and the Senate have
refused to order them.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for them again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, the decision of the Senate is final on
that question; but as it is a constitutional ques-
tion, and the Chair has a slight doubt, the Chair
will again take the vote. The opinion of the Chair
is that the Senate, having decided against order-
ing the yeas and nays, a member has not again the
right to ask for them. The question is on strik-
ing out the words proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, and the yeas and nays are demanded
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether there is any provision in
this bill by which a bill-holder of any of these
banks can ever present it to the bank that indorses
it, or that is responsible for it, and draw specie?
Mr, SHERMAN. He can draw lawful money
of the United States. The bill is based on that.
Mr. GRIMES. What are we to understand
by the term u lawful money5,5 Does it mean legal
; tender notes5
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly, while they
are in existence. Lawful money of the United
States is declared by law to mean either gold and
silver, or the legal tender notes.
Mr. GRIMES. Then if we are going to estab-
lish a system of banks throughout the United
States in which there shall be no specie at ail as
a basis for their circulation, I should like to know
when one of the importing merchants wants to
pay his dues, where is he going to get the specie
to do it?
Mr. SHERMAN, He will go into the market
and get it, of course. I will state that this provis-
ion is also a part of the financial system of Eng-
land. Bank of England notes are not payable in
gold. The very moment the war is over and the
bonds of the United States are worth par in specie,
that moment all these banks will be compelledto
resume specie payments.
Mr. GRIMES. Under this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the operation of
this bill. Then the legal tender notes heconve ab-
sorbed at once in bonds and are retired. All the
legal tender notes now outstanding will be funded
in bonds of the United States at six per cent, the
very moment those bonds are worth par in gold.
Mr. GRIMES. Provided they are worth par.
Mr. SHERMAN. When they are they will
be at once funded. The very moment the six per
cent, bonds of the United States'are worth par with
gold, the legal tender notes will be funded as a
matter of course. When they rise a shade above
that, it will induce funding, and then all of these
notes will be paid in gold. This goes on the sup-
position that there will be no more legal tender
notes issued except $50,000,000, as provided in
the finance bill to which I have alluded.
Mr. POWELL. Do I understand the Senator
to say that by the provisions of'this bill the notes
will be redeemed m specie?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that, by the inevitable
law I have mentioned, the legal tender notes will
be retired the very moment our bonds are worth
par in gold.
Mr. POWELL. I would suggest that if the
Government requires all these duties to be paid
in coin, and sets up a mammoth banking system
of the Government, and nowhere in that system
does it allow a man who holds one of these notes
to get a dollar of coin from the banks of the coun-
try, our importing merchants will be driven into
the market to buy at ruinous prices the coin with
which to pay duties. Would it not be just as well
to allow the Government to go into the market
along with these gentlemen to buy coin to pay its
interest, as to drive the merchants and importers
into market to buy coin with which to pay the
duties?
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to be enlightened
on another subject by the Senator from Ohio. I
have no doubt myself that the reason why gold
commands a so much higher price than ourTieas-
ury notes is that we receive gold and a certain
class of notes alone in payment of customs. I
desire to know whether it is proposed by the
Committee on Finance to provide by law for re-
ceiving any portion of the legal tender Treasury
notes for customs dues.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say to the
Senator from Iowa that the question he now
propounds to me has nothing to do with this bill.
The present laws require the duties to be paid in
gold and silver. If the Senator is opposed to that
feature of the present laws, he can move to amend
it at any time. This bill is simply made to con-
form to the law as it now stands, which requires
the customs to be paid in gold or silver coin. If
the Senator is dissatisfied with that feature of the
customs laws, the proper course is for him to
propose to change it in a separate bill, not in this
bill. This bill simply conforms to the existing
laws on that point.
Mr. GRIMES. I am well aware that that would
be the proper way of reaching it, if [ had the
power to do it; but I also know that the Commit-
tee on Finance decide the questions for the Sen-
ate; we generally follow them. What I want to
know, in order to govern my own vote somewhat
in regard to this proposition is, whether it is pro-
posed, or whether the subject is under discussion
by the Committee on Finance, to allow a portion,
say one half, or three eighths, or one eighth, or
any other fixed proportion, of the legal tender
Treasury notes that arc now out to be hereafter
received in payment of customs.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator asks me a
question winch f cannot properly answer. I am
not at liberty to state what has been m discussion
in the Committee on Finance: hut I suppose I
