THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
rfray say that the subject has been under consid-
eration) whether the law should not be modified
in that particular. . As a matter of course, I have
no right to say what the views of the committee
are, or how it is proposed to change the existing
law. This bill simply conforms to the existing
few fn this respect, and we have no right in this
indirect way to change the existing law.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio repre-
sents this bill on this floor, and I suppose it will
not be improper for me to ask of him his views
or* the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly free to ex-
press my views. I think the person who imports
foods, who takes gold out of this country and
uys goods abioad, ought to pay the duties on
these goods in gold. That is my individual opin-
ion; but I am not authorized to say that if is the
opinion of the Committee on Finance. My view
is, that a person who goes abroad, who takes
gold, the produce of the United States, buys im-
ported goods with it, and brings them here, can-
not reasonably expect that we shall receive the
duties in anything but gold. We need the gold
for the purpose of paying; the interest on the pub-
lic debt. The only question is whether the Uni-
ted States shall go into the market and buy the
gold, or whether the importer shall do it. I pre-
fer that the importer shall do it. That is my view.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Kennedy,
Powwl, Richardson, Turpie, and Wall—9,
NAY3—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Collainer, DoohUle, Fe-^endon, Foster, flarri-, Hender-
soii, lfick>, Howard, Kins, Laneot'Iudiana, Lam* of Kan-
sas, Morrill, Nesroith, Poineroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Evck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson of
Massachusetts,and Wilson of Missouri—i>7.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I notice that there is no pro-
vision contained in the bill for printing or pub-
lishing the articles of association which may be
entered into, and I therefore move this amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the sixth section:
All which certificates shall be printed and published with
the laws of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also offer a similar amend-
ment to section ten, so as to require the printing
and publishing, in like manner with the laws, of
the certificate that is to be furnished by the Comp-
troller of the Currency. I move, after line twenty
of section ten, to insert:
And such certificates shall be printed and published with
the laws of the United States.
Mr. SHERM AN. 1 see no use in publishing
these long certificates with the laws of the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. I can see a very evident in-
convenience that will grow out of the bill if it is
not amended in this way. Whenever an associa-
tion is formed, and has prepared its articles of as-
sociation, they are to be submitted to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and to be lodged in his
office; but there is no provision in the bill requir-
ing any notice to be given concerning those arti-
cles oi association, i deem it of the utmost im-
portance that the public should know, in every
case, where an association has established itself,
who its members are and where they reside, and
what their names are. It is important to the mer-
cantile community to know with what description
of persons they are dealing.
There is the same necessity, as it strikes me,
in the cases where the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency has issued his certificate to the association
authorizing them to proceed to enter upon their
business under this act. The documents will ne-
cessarily be short, every one of them, and the
proper place to find all such documents is in the
Jaws of the United States, where they will be ac-
cessible to all persons. Oiheiwise, parties inter-
ested to know the contents of these papers will
find themselves under the necessity of writing or
sending to Washington for the purpose of pro-
curing certified copies, and it may become, and
will become undoubtedly, of the utmost import-
ance in the transactions which these institutions
may enter upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to resist any
amendment intended to facilitate the bill, but I
think the Senate will see that this is scarcely ne-
cessary. These certificates are all of the same
kind. The reports have to be published in the
local papers and in the papers at certain great
commercial centers, and then the statement of the
Comptroller must be published, and then the as-
sociations are required to make quarterly reports,
and the Comptroller is required to make an an-
nual report of the number of banks, the names
of those interested in them, and all about them;
all of which is to be published. Now, to cumber
the laws with a multitude of certificates from
banks that will change and do change their stock-
holders every day in the course of business, would
seem to me to be useless. For instance, the names
and residence of all the stock holders must be given
in the certificate, but I he stockholders may change
every day by a transfer of the stocks. What is
the use of cumbering the laws of the United States
with a mi^titude of certificates of this kind? You
have the publicity of the operations of the bank
fully provided for. It strikes me, therefore, that
I this is only an incumbrance rather than an aid.
Indeed,an objection has been made to the bill that
it already requires so much publicity. Itrequires
reports to be made. An examination may he had
at any time. Reports must be made to Congress
regularly. Reports must be published in the
papers of the commercial centers by the banks
and by the Compiroller of the Currency.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all very true; but
does not the Senator see the necessity of furnish-
irigevery party who may havean interest in these
associations with some facility to ascertain wheth-
er the associations themselves have been prop-
erly organized ? Suppose a set of persons should
assume to act as such association, and they
should not be properly and legally organized—a
question which may and probably frequently will
occur; suppose, also, that there aie defects in the
certificate to be furnished by the Comptroller of
the Currency. These will be questions of law
which can only be solved by a careful inspection
of the documents themselves, which the law re-
quires to be prepared. Why not, therefore, give
to every interested party free and easy access to
these important papers? Certainly it will not
increase the expense.
But the Senator says these statements are to
be published in the newspapers. Very true; but
this in us nature is a very ephemeral mode of
publishing the documents. The papers are liable
to be lost, and will be lost; the community will
not preserve them; whereas, if these documents
are published in the statutes of the United States
every person interested in the matter finds easy
access to them. It seems to me that on the score
of mere convenience this amendment ought to be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can convince the Senator,
I think, thai the publicity provided for by the bill
would be more general than that provided for by
his amendment. If these statements are published
with the laws they will not be generally read; tin-
laws are not very extensively published. A gen-
eral report lias to be made annually to Congress,
and no doubt extra copies will be disseminated ail
over the country for public information. Under
the present laws, all the statutes of the United
States must be printed in a certain number of
newspapers in every State. Sometimes the laws
relating to Alabama are printed and published in
Michigan. Does the Senator propose to have these
certificates published in the newspapers through-
out the United States?
Mr. HOWARD. Not in the newspapers,
Mr. SH ERMA N. By existing laws the stat-
utes passed by Congress are printed in the local
newspapers. If these statements are required to
be printed with the laws they will be very apt to
go into the newspapers also. It seems to me the
publicity provided for by the bill is ample. First,
publication must be made in the county where the
bank is established; next, it must be made in some
great commercial center. There are certain com-
mercial centers pointed out in the bill. Next, the
Comptroller must publish their certificate and las
certificate in the newspapers, and besides all that
he must make his annual report to Congress, which
i: is printed and goes on our files as a public docu-
ment. That will be puoiished and disseminated
all over the country, so that all the publication of
tacts that can be possibly needed is provided for.
1 think this provision will be cumbersome and
burdensome and expensive to the Government.
The individuals would not have to pay for this,
but the Government would have to pay for print-
ing these statements with the statutes. Suppose
there were a thousand banks, the certificates re-
quired of them by the sixth section of this bill,
with the list of stockholders, &c., would make a
great volume.
Mr. HOWARD. Nota very large volume; but
suppose it did make a considerable volume, they
are to be published butonce. My amendment re-
quires but one publication; and why shrink from
publicity in a matter of so much importance as
this? Why hide all the necessary vouchers of the
case in the files at Washington, and make it ne-
cessary for parties interested to employ an attor-
ney or agent here to go to the Department and
procure certified or authenticated copies of these
papers, which ought really to be printed in the
statute-book, for they are as much a part of the
statutes as a charter is a part of the statutes ? The
same reason now urged by the Senator would seem
to bear with equal strength against the publication
of all charters for banks. 1 go for the publictty
of these papers, so that the people may under-
stand who are engaged in these associations, and
where they live, and what is the amount of their
responsibility, if it be possible.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a vote
now on the previous amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I have another amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I move to reconsider the vote on the previous
amendment of the Senator from Michigan, so that
the question may be considered by the Senate
again. My attention was not called to it when it
was agueed to.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope that will not be recon-
sidered. These two papers are entirely distinct.
The articles of association constitute one docu-
ment, and the certificate to be furnished by the
Comptroller of the Currency is another document.
I trust that the Senate will letain this amendment;
because, to say the least of it, it is a matter of
simple justice to inform the public what these
articles of association really are, and who sign
them, without putting them to rhe inconvenience
of sending to Washington, or going about the coun-
ties or States and hunting up ephemeial newspa-
pers for the purpose of ascertaining what is con-
tained in these articles of association. I look on
this secrecy as extremely injuiions, us extremely
unjust to the public; and  f the Senator persists
in it, I shall ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN, t will further state to the
Senator that if he will read the bill he will find
that any person can go into any of these banks
during banking hours and see the list of stock-
holders and all about it. By the provisions of
the bill, they are required to show at any time in
the day to any person interested, either as a note-
holder or otherwise, the names of the stockhold-
ers and all the facts contained in the certificate.
Mr. HOWARD. Where is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. One Section of the hill gives
that right to every person; and every publicity
that is possible is given. I can find the section
for the Senator, and will show it to him.
Mr. HOWARD. Even that would not be suf-
ficient. Why put the parties to the inconvenience
of going to the banking houses and asking the
favor of being permitted to look at the articles of
association? Why not enable every man to go
to the office of the clerk of the county, or to a law-
yer's office, or to any other place where the stat-
utes are kept, and inspect the articles of asso-
ciation for himself, without putting him to this
trouble ? 1 confess I do not like the secrecy of the
thing at all. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
question of reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the attention of the
Senator to section twenty-four, in which he will
find that every association is required to make
quarterly reports to the Comptroller stating a great
variety of facts; arid the Comptroller is required
to publish full abstracts of such reports in two
newspapers designated by him, one in the city of
Washington and one in the city of New York;
and a statement is also to be published in the local
papers. There is also another section authoriz-
ing any individual to go m at any time and inspect
the list of stockholders.
Mr. HOWARD 1 have not seen that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will find it for the Sen-
