1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
Laws of the United States.
37th
Office of the Adjutant General:
Far blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, four thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank-hooks, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous Jtems, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-hooks, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank-books, stationery, and binding, in-
cluding lent of office and hire of watchmen, seven
thousand five hundred and sixty dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank-books, binding,stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical En-
gineers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of Ike Not thioest Executive
Building.
For compensation of supenn tend nit, four watch-
men, and two laborers of the Northwest Executive
Building, Uncti thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous items,
eight thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner of
F and Seventeenth streets.
Forcompensateui ofauperuitendent, four watch-
men, and two laboiers for *mid building, three
thousand eight bundled and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items, five thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner of
F and Fifteenth streets.
For superintendent, watchman, fuel, lights, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollais.
NAVY DEP\RTMEiVT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and [lie cleiks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborer in his
office, thirty-six thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Navy Yards and Docks, and the civil engineer,
cleiks, messenger, and laborers in his office, eigh-
teen thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Foi compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, and the cleiks and
messenger in Ins office, ten thousand six hundred
and fot ty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, and the clerics and m-essen^r in ins
office, eight thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Clne^of the Bureau of
Ordnance, and the assistant clcrk, diuinihtsnian,
messenger, and laborers in his office, eleven thou-
sand two bundled and twe.nl y dollji s.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, aud Repairs, and the
clocits, dr.u'ghixeian, messenger, and laborer in
his idricf, hiXiuMi thousand tlnee hundred ond
forty cioiiats.
For compensation of the Chit.f of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering, and the clerks, diaughtsmf n,
messenger, and laborer in his office, ten thousand
seven hundred and forty dollars.
For compensat'' u oI the C h lef of the Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing, and the Clerks, messen-
ger, and laboior, thirteen thousand five hundred
and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, assistant, and the cl< rks,
messenger, and laborer in his office, ten thousand
five hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses <f the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, labor,
newspapers, periodicals, and miscellaneousitems,
two thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks: .
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, and mis-
cellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For stationery, books, furniture, and miscella-
neous items, one thousand six hundred dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For stationery, blank-books, and miscellaneous
items, six hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, one thousand dollars.
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Re-
pairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, one thousand dollais.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For books, stai mnery, and miscellaneous items,
four hundied and fifty dollais.
For the general purposes of Ihe Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of three watchmen and two
laboreis of the Southwest Executive Building,
two thousand seven bundled and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
five thousand dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laboiers of said Department, one bun-
dled and fifty-eight thousand two humhed and
twenty dollais.
For compensation of twenty-five additional
dorks, tweniy thousand dollars.
Contingent Erpenses of Post Office Department.
For blank-books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office buifdin", including the
Auditors office, oil, gas, and candles, printing;
rep  ■ is of the General Post Office building, office
furniture, glazing, painting, whitewashing, and
for keeping the fire-places and furnaces m order;
for watchmen, eng'neei, (for steam engine,) la-
borers, repairs of furmtuie, and for miscellaneous
items, thiity-five thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
For the salary of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars.
For the salary of the chief clerk in the Depart-
ment of AgnVuitui'j, two thousand dollars.
For the eolk etion and rompihns: of agricultural
statistics; for piomotmg agi icuitural and rural
economy; and the proeutrnienf, propagation, and
du>ti ibuiion of cuttings and seeds of new and use-
Oil vai;ehes; and for the introduction and protec-
tion of insectivorous Inids; and for the purpose
of establishing a laboratory, with the neci ssary
a] >p:«ra'us foi ju ae s it.nl a nd scientific ex pel i men ts
i.i agricultural chemi^ti v; and for paying the
clerks and empiov\V. and contingent <'xpcn«es ne-
cessary in said uepar'r.unt, ninety thousand dol-
lars; and three thousand do'lais of which nppro-
pintirn shall be for encouraging the culture of
cotton and tobacco.
For investigations to test the practicability of
cultivating and prepai mtr flax and hemp, as a sub-
stitute for cotton, twenty thousand dollars.
MINT OF Tin: U.VITED STATES.
At Philadelphia.
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
melterand refiner, chief comer and engraver, as-
sistant assjtyer, assistant melter and refiner, and
seven cleiks, twenty-six thousand four hundred
dollars.
hr wages of woikmen and adjusters, one hun-
dred and eleven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing repairs and wastage, forty thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be preserved
in the cabinet at the Mint, three hundred dtiftaft*
For transportation of bullion from New^ork
assay office to the United States Mint for corn^e,
ten thousand dollars, 1 1 *>-~
Branch Mint at Seen Francisco,, California. 1"
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and six clerks,
thirty thousand five hundred dollars. , ...
For wages of workmen and adjusters, onefrim-
dred and five thousand dollars.  «•
For incidental and coutingentexpenscs, includ-
ing repairs and wastage, forty-five thousand dol-
lars.
•Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, And melter and refiner, assistant assayer,
officers, and clerks, twenty-two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For wages of workmen, forty thousand dollars.
GOVERNMENTS IN THE TERRITORIES.
Territory of New -Mexico.
For salaries of governor, three judges,and sec-
retary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage ofthe members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, eighteen
thousand dolhus.
For salary of clerk at the United States depos-
itoi y, ai Santa Fe, New Mexico,peraimum, eigh-
teen hundred dollars; watchman, per annum, six
hundred dollars; porter, peraimum, four hundred
dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, six thou-
sand dollais.
Territory of Washington,
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
ofthe Legislative Assembly, officers, clerkjVj, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nebraska.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand, five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, four thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs, three judges, and secretary, nine
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of saidTerritory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, cleiks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nevada.
For salaries of governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs, three judges, and secretary, nine
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of governor, and superintendentof
Indian affairs, three judges, and secretary, nine
thousand seven hundred dollars.
