APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
31th Cong....3d
Laws of the United States.
, For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For. compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly fifteen thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the sum of three
thousand two "hundred and forty-one dollars and
thirty-three arid one third cents direct tax laid
upon the Territory of Dakota be paid and satis-
fied by deducting said amount from the appropri-
ation for legislative expenses of said Territory of
Dakota for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
judiciary.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court and eight associate justices, thirty thousand
dollars.
* For salaries of the district judges, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of the circuit judge of California,
six thousand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the District
of Columbia1, the associate judges, and the judges
of the criminal court and the orphan's court,
fifteen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assistant
Attorney General, and the clerks and messenger
in his office, twenty thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
Contingent expenses of the office of tho At-
torney General, namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books for the
office of the Attorney General, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary expend-
itures in the disposal of private land claims in Cali-
fornia, ten thousand dollars.
Forspccial and otherexiranrdinary expenses of
California land claims, ten thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
" Expenses of Courts of the United States,
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United Slates,
including the District of Columbia; also for ju-
rors and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred m the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and previous years; and like-
wise for defraying the expenses of suits in which
the United States are concerned, and of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the United
States, and lor the safe-keeping of prisoners, one
million dollars.
independent treasury.
For salaries of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United Suites at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and St. Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars. -
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia, one thousand dollars.
For salaries of the clerk and messenger in office
of assistant treasurer at Boston, four thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, watchmen,
and porter in office of assistant treasurer at New
York, forty-seven thousand seven hundred dol-
lars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the assist-
ant treasurer at St. Louis, three thousand dol-
lars.
For salaries of nine supervising, and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better pro-
tection of the lives of passengers by steamboats,
with traveling and other expenses incurred by
them, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, under the act of sixth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the
safe-keeping, collection, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, in addition to premium
which has been or may be received on transfer
draft: Provided, That no part of said sum shall
be expended for clerical services, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Commissioners of Direct Taxes in Insurrectionary
Districts.
For compensation of thirty-three commission-
ers, at three thousand dollars each, and eleven
clerks at twelve hundred dollars each, one hun-
dred and twelve thousand two hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, six thousand dollars.
public buildings and grounds.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, four hundred and
thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one
laborers employed in the public grounds, thirteen
thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's House, one thousand
iwo hundred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the Pres-
ident's House, six hundred dollnrs.
For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper
at the President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildings
lyinsj south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters' shops, six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of watchman employed on
reservation number two, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of eight draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, six
thousand five hundred and thirty-two dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the Eastern Branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one thousand
"one hundred and eighty dollars.
For furnace-keeper at the President's House,
six hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to employ a keeper of three furnaces under
the old Hall of the of the House of Representa-
tives, six hundred dollars.
metropolitan police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses of
the Metropolitan Police for the District of Co-
lumbia, including the same annual compensation
(two hundred and fifty dollms) to each of the two
ex-offieio members of the Board of Police from
the organization thereof, August nineteen, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, as is allowed bylaw
to the Commissioners of Police.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That, in ad-
dition (o the clerical force now authorized by law,
the following clerks and employes are hereby au-
thorized in the several departments and offices
hereinafter specified, to be employed and continue
only during the rebellion, and for one year after
its close, viz:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury,
five clerks of class four.
in the office of the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, three clerks of class four, eight of class three,
twelve of class iwo, one assistant messenger at a
salary of seven hundred dollars, and one laborer
at a salary of six hundred dollars per annum.
In the office of the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, six clerks of class four, seven of class three,
nine of class two, and eighteen of class one, and
ten clerks as copyists at a rate not exceeding fifty
dollars per month.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor of the Treas-
ury, one clerk of class four, two of class three,
four of class two, thirteen of class one, and six
copying clerks at an annual salary of six hundred
dollars each.
In the office of the assistant treasurer at Boston,
one clerk, at a salary of twelve hundred dollars
per annum.
In the office of the assistant treasurer at New
York, clerks, messengers, keeper, and labours,
whose salaries in the aggregate shall not exceed
eight thousand seven hundred dollars.
In the office of the treasurer of the mint as de-
positary, in lieu of the clerks heretofore author-
ized, clerks and messenger, whose salaries in the
aggregate shall not exceed five thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the assistant treasurer at Saint
Louis, messenger, watchman,and laborer, whose
salaries in the aggregate shall not exceed two
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Secretary of the Navy, three
clerks of the first class and three of the second
class.
In the Ordnance Bureau of the Navy, one chief
clerk and three clerks of the second class.
In the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, two
clerks of the first class and two of the second class.
In each of the Bureaus of Medicine and Sur-
gery,Equipmentand Recruiting,and Navigation,
one laborer, at an annual salary of six hundred
dollars.
In the Navy Department^ two additional night
watchmen, each at an annual salary of six hun-
dred dollars.
In the Pension Office, three clerks of class four,
four of class three, four of class two, nine of class
one, one additional assistant messenger at a sal-
ary of se.ven hundred dollars, and one additional
laborer at a salary of six hundred dollars per an-
num, for the current year;'five additional clerks
of class four, six of class three, eight of class two,
and sixteen of class one, one additional assistant
messenger at a salary of seven hundred dollars,
and one additional laborer at a salary of six hun-
ired dollars per annum, for the fiscal year ending
June thiity, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
In the office of the Secretary of War, six clerks
of class four, and eight of class one.
In the office of the Chief of Ordnance of the
War Department, three clerks of class four, and
twenty of class one.
In the office of the Adjutant General, eight
clerks of class two, and twenty of class one.
In the office of the Commissary General, twelve
clerks of class one, and one laborer at a salary of
six hundred dollars per annum.
In the office of the Surgeon General, one clerk
of class four, one of class three, two of class two,
and twenty-one of class one.
In the office of the Paymaster General, four
clerks of class three, and sixteen of class one; and
in the office of the Chief of Engineers, two clerks
of class one.
And the several clerks and other employes au-
thorized by this section shall be appointed by tho
heads of the several departments to which they
are severally attached; and the amount necessary
to pay their salaries from the time of their ap-
pointment for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and for the fis-
cal year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, is hereby appropriated therefor.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing
contained in the third section of an act entitled
" An act making supplemental appropriations for
the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and for other
purposes,''approved July sixteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, shall be construed to increase
the salaries of the Superintendent of the Censu*
or the Assistant Postmasters General.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap. LX.—-An Act to prevent Correspondence
with Rebels.
Bs it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre+
sentalives oj the United States of Amcricain Congress
assembled. That if any person, being a resident of
the United States, or being a citizen thereof, and
residing in any foreign country, shall, without the
permission or authority of the Government of the
United States, and with the intent to defeat the
nieasures of the said Government, or to weaken
in any way their efficacy, hold or commence, di-
rectly or indirectly, any correspondence or inter-
course, written or verbal, with the present pre-
tended rebel government, or with any officer or
agent thereof, or with any other individual acting
or sympathizing therewith; or if any such person
above mentioned, not duly authorized, shall coun-
sel or assist in any such correspondence or inter-
course, with intent as aforesaid, he shall be deemed
