THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. As the yeas and nays have
been called, I will state that if I intended to vote
for this bill or favor this project in any shape or
form I should vote for the Senator's amendment;
but as it is I shall vote against it, believing that it
will kill itself. If this bill passes in its present
artiape it requires but $6,000 in money to go to
banking. The result will be that every man who
is not in the service of the Government, or a pro-
vost marshal, or something of that sort in the
country, will have a little bank atevery cross-roads
throwing out upon the country $15,0.00 of paper,
based upon an actual outlay of his own of $6,000.
If he has any means to live, looking forward to a
time in the future, he can take advantage of the
necessities of the people and secure by mortgages
upon estates $15,000, with an expenditure and
outlay of $6,000. That is this bill. It does more
than this. We know that a large portion of the
•tockof the State banks is owned by widows and
orphans, and you strike the most deadly blow at
the stockholders of these State institutions that
you could do by the passage of this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Foot, Henderson, Howard, Ken-
nedy,and Wilson of Missouri—6.
HAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Carlile, Chandler,
Clack, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Ilardhig^Har-
lan, Harris, Hicks, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Poraerov, Powell, Rice, Richardson,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Turple, Wade,
Wall,-Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—51.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
i be itfurther enacted, That twelve months after the
present war shall cease, each and every banking associa-
tion organized under this act shall redeem the notes which
itroayissue, upon presentation in regular banking hours,
in gold and silver coin.
Mr. President, ithas been asserted by theSen-
fttor from Ohio and others who advocate this bill,
that after the war these banks will redeem in coin.
There is no provision in the bill which requires
any redemption"in coin. Senators say that dur-
ing the existence of war they cannot be expected
to pay in coin. 1 have drawn the amendment so
as to provide that twelve months after the war
•hall cease it shall lie their duty to redeem their
issues in gold and silver coin. I think it is very
important for the success of this measure that this
amendment shall be adopted. The very fact that
the people will know that twelve months after our
difficulties are over this paper money will be con-
verted into coin, will give it a great deal of credit,
in my opinion. I hope the amendment may be
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN, I have no doubt that within
a year after the close of the war these notes will
be paid in coin; but we have one historical illus-
tration on this subject, which I think should be
remembered by us. The Bank of England sus-
pended specie payments in 1797, and the war
closed in 1815. By the terms of the act which
authorized the suspension, at the close of the war
the.y were bound to redeem their notes in gold and
silver. Parliament intervened and prevented it,
in order to prevent a sudden contraction of the
currency, and compelled the suspension of the
bank until some four or five years afterwards,
when payments were resumed.
-If this amendment is not adopted, as I have
«aid,the moment the United States lawful money
is equal to gold and silver, these banks will pay
goldf and silver. I do not think, therefore, we
ought to fix an arbitrary time. It would be in-
jurious and unjust. We ought not to expect this
bank paper to be any better than United States
Government notes; and it is not very Reasonable
to require them to be paid in any better currency
than the United States Government notes, which
have been declared to be lawful money. As long
as they are lawful money of the United States,
and the banks are bound to receive them in pay-
ment of debts, just so long they ought to have
the right to pay them out. Under the operations
of this law, if at the end of the war these green-
backs or lawful money are not equivalent to par
in gold, the bank will be compelled to take them
under the legal tender clause in payment of all
debts; and yet, by this amehdment, they would
be required to^pay gold and silver coin. That
Would be unjust. I think it is better to leave
these matters to regulate themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we shall
not be able to conclude this bill to-night, and we
have arrived at an hour whenjl think we might
as well adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that is done, I wish
to say a single word on the subject. I do not
oppose the motion to adjourn at present, as that
seems to be the general understanding and desire,
but I hope Senators will consider that we are get-
ting very near the end of the session, and we have
a vast deal of business to do, and that they will
be willing to finish this bill one way or the other
to-morrow. I think we ought to do it, in ord«r
to get along with other necessary public business.
I think we can, by sitting a little later than usual,
close this matter to-morrow; and I consider it ab-
solutely necessary that we should do so, and that
that should be the understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is taken
on the adjournment, I will ask if this bill comes
up as the unfinished business to-morrow at one
o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will, if the body
now adjourns.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will remind the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the Missouri bill was set for
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it was; but it was
not made a special order.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; it was made a
special order for to-morrow, at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business will supersede the special order by the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to take a vote on the Missouri bill to-mor-
row. I trust the Senator from Ohio will make no
objection to that. It was understood that at one
o'clock there was to be a vote taken.
Mr. SUMNER. There was no such under-
standing. I must sny that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that to be
the understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I so understood it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
say it was a clear, distinct, and public under-
standing.
Mr. SUMNER. I made an objection to it, and
so did the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
fci .ark.1 We said we were not parties to it at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
ask my colleague if he made a public objection ?
Did it go upon the records here?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I do not know
whether it is on the record or not. I only know
that I made it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 10,1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
COLLECTOR, ETC., AT NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 29, as to the amount of
money received by the collector, surveyor, and
naval officer at New York, under the fifth section
of the act of May, 1869; which was laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
STOCKBRIDGE, ETC., INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid befoie the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of the 19th ultimo, calling for
information as to the present situation of the
Stockbridge and Munsee Indians in Wisconsin;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
A. H. JONES, ET AL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary ofthe Interior recommending an appro-
priation to pay the balance due A. H. Jonesand
4J.M.C. Brown for running and marking bound-
ary line* between certain InSian tribes; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections, which was under considera-
tion when the House adjourned yesterday, upon
which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Max-
nard] has the floor.
TIXE EXCISE LAW.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to allow me to introduce a resolutiop.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which waaread,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be, and
they hereby are, instructed to examine and report to this
House the practical operation of the present excise law, as
it may bear on the interests of manufacturers and mechanics
of limited means.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to allow me to introduce a bill, that it
may be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am aware of the import-
ance, at this time of the session', of introducing
these various measures, and I interpose no cap-
tious objection.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Agriculture a bill
to amend the act entitled " An act to establish a
Department of Agriculture;" which was read a
first and second time, recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills originating in the House
of Representatives, of the following titles:
An act (No. 265) to authorize the Court of
Claims of the United States to hear and determine
the claim of the heirs of Stephen Johnston, de-
ceased;
An act (No. 610) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1864, and for a deficiency for the
signal service for the year ending June 30, 1863;
An act (No. 636) concerning the district courts
of the Territory of Washington;
An act (No. 665) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864;
An act (No. 658) to promote the efficiency of
the commissary department; and
An act (No. 720) to make the State of Wis-
consin a part of the ninth judicial circuit.
AGENT FOR THE OTTAWAS; ETC.
Mr. CONWAY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the appointment of an
agent for the Ottawas, the Chippewas of Swan
creek and Black river, and the Christian Indians
in Kansas; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAWES. Has the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. DAWES. If it is the desire of the House
to have a morning hour, I move to postpone the
regular order of business for one hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that will not post-
pone me off the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be enti-
tled to the floor when the election case comes up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Now I call for the regular order
of business.
CONTRACTORS FOR NAVAL SUPPLIES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports. The
pending business is the consideration of an unfin-
ished report from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sedgwick,] being a bill (H. R. No. 141)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to adjust
the equitable claims of contractors for naval sup-
plies, and regulating contracts with the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I think it due to
my colleague [Mr. Sedgwick] -who reported this
