1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0BE.
Laws of the United States.
3-f3SS OON ....8D
ters shall be returned to the dead-letter office, and
to make regulations for their return to the writers
from the dcud-leuer office, when he is satisfied
they camiot be delivered to the parties addressed.
He is authorized also to order the publication of
the list of non-delivered letters at any post office,
in his discretion by writing, posted in a public
place or places, or in any daily or weekly news-
paper regularly published within the post office
unlivery having the largest circulation within such
delivery; and wheie no daily paper is published
within the post office delivery, such list may be
published in any daily newspaper of an adjoining,
delivery having the largest circulation within the
delivery of the post office publishing [the] list;
but in no case shall compensation for such pub-
lication be allowed at a rate exceeding one cent
for each letter so advertised; and no such publi-
cation shall be required except whe«§ the Post-
master General shall decide that the public interest
requires it: Provided, That letters addressed to
parties foreign born may be published in a jour-
nal of the language most used by the parties ad-
diess^d, if such be published in the same, or an
adjoining delivery.
Sec. 8. Jind be il further enacted, That dead
letters containing valuable inclosures shall be re-
gistered in the Department; and when it appears
that they can neither be delivered to their ad-
dress, nor to the writers, the contents thereof, so
far^as available, shall be included with the re-
ceipts of the Post Office Department, and the
amount theieof shall be shown in the annual re-
port, and shall be subject to reclamation by either
the party addressed, or by the sender, for four
yeais from registiy thereof, caiefulaccount beina:
kept of the same. Ail other letters dee-med of
value or of importance to the party addressed, or
to the writer, and which it appears cannot be re-
turned to either destination, shall be disposed of
as the Postmaster General shall direct.
Sec. 9. Jhid be it farther enacted, That the
Postmaster General may provide by regulation
for the disposition, for the benefit of the Depart-
ment, of printed matter which remains in any post
office, or in the Department, not called for by the
party addressed; but the postmaster shall notify
the publisher of any newspaper or periodical of
th.e fact when any subscriber shall refuse to take
the same from the office, or shall neglect to call
for the same for the period of one month, which
notice maybe sent free under regulation to be
provided by the Postmaster General.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the
aetion of the Post Office Department respecting
foieign dead letters shall be subject to conven-
tional stipulations with the respective foreign ad-
ministrations.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That letter-
carneis shall be employed at such post offices as j
the Postmaster General shall direct for the deliv-
ery of letteis in the places respectively where
such post offices aie established; and for their
services they shall severally receive a salary, to
be proscubed by the Postmastei General^ not ex-
ceeding eight hundred dollars per year: Provided,
That, on satisfactory evidence of their diligence,
fidelity, and experience as carriers, the Postmas-
ter General may increase their respective salaries
from time to time to any sum not exceeding one I
thousand dollais, at offices where the income from |
postages on the local letters shall yield a sum more '
than sufficient to pay all expenses of the carrier 1
system at such offices; each of the said carriers j
shali give bond, with sureties, to be approved by !
the Postmaster General, for the safe custody and j
delivery of all letters, packets, and moneys re- |
ceived by him. |
Sec. 12. And be itfmther enacted, That when- j
ever the Postmastei Geneiul shall have perfected |
the earner system in any postal district so as, in
his judgment, to justify him therein, he is au-
thonzed to make delivery, within any prescribed
postal distnet, of mail matter by letter-earners, ;
as frequently as the public convenience in such !
district shall require, and shall make all proper '
regulations for that purpose.
"Sec. 13. Jind be it Jarther enacted) That the
Postmaster General is authorized, when, in his
judgment, the publ.'c interest or convenience may
requne it, to establish one or more branch post
oifiocs, aud ah>o, pillar boxes, or other receiving
boxes, for the safe deposit of matter for the mails
and for delivery; and in case of such establish-
ment of a branch office, the person in charge
thereof shall be appointed, and his salary fixed,
as in the case of a letter-carrier, and the like bond
required: Provided, That the post officer in charge
of the branch office may also be a depositary for
the sale of stamps, to be delivered to him for that
purpose by the postmaster of that postal district
in sums not at any time to exceed one half of the
penalty of his bond.
Sec. 14. Jind be it further enacted, That all ex-
penses for the letter-carriers, branch offices, and
receiving boxes, or incident thereto, shall be en-
tered and reported in a separate account from the
ordinary postal expenses of such post office, and
shall be shown in comparison with the proceeds
of the postages on local mail mattorat each office,
in order that the Postmaster General may be
guided in the expenditures for that branch of the
postal service by the income derived therefrom;
and all such expenses shalj be paid out of the
income of the post officc at'the district in which
they are incurred.
Sec. 35. tfind belt further enacted, That the post-
master of any office where letter-carriers are em-
ployed may contract with the publishers of any
newspapers or periodicals, and with the publish-
ers of any circulars, for the delivery by postal
carriers, within his postal district, of any such
publications not coming through the mails, at
rates and upon terms to be agreed upon, such ar-
rangement and terms being equally open to all like
publishers; but such contract shall have no force
or effect until approved by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. The Postmaster General may also provide
by regulation for the deliveiy by such earners of
small packets other than letters or papers, and not
exceedingthe maximum weight of mailable pack-
ages; but such packages must be prepaid by post-
age stamps at the rate of two cents for caoh four
ounces or fraction thereof.
Sec. 16. Jind be it further enacted, That no post-
master shall receive to be conveyed by the mail
any packet or package which shall weigh more
than four pounds, except books published or cir-
culated by order of Congress.
Sec. 37. Jind be it further enacted, That upon
the following mailable matter the postage must
be piepaid at the time of mailing, by stamps, un-
less otherwise expressly provided m tins act:
First. Upon all domestic letters, whether pass-
ing thuiugh the mails, or collected or delivered
by postal agents or carriers.
Second. On all transient printed matter.
Third. On all seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots, and
scions; all pamphlets, books, book manuscripts,
and -proof-sheets, maps, prints, engtavings,
blanks, flexible patterns, samples, and sample
cards, phonographic paper, letter envelopes,
postal envelopes, paper, and photographic repre-
sentations of different types.
Fourth. Upon all other things in the mail not
otherwise heiein provided for.
Sec. 18. Jind be it further enacted, That upon
the following mailable matter the postage shall be
paid before delivery for not less than one quarter
nor more than one year; and such payment for a
term may be made eithei at the mailing office or
at the office of delivery, if the terr%commences
at any other time than at the beginning of a quar-
ter, such payment must be made to cover such
fractional quaiter and also for the next following
quarter; otherwise the postage shall be collected
thereon as on transient matter. Upon regular
weekly, Iri-weekly, semi-weekly,and daily pub-
lications, and all other regular publications, is-
sued from a known office of publication at stated
periods and sent to regular subscribe! s.
Slc. 19. Jind be il fa) ther enacted, That mailable
matter shali be divided into three classes, namely:
first, letters; second, regular printed matter; thiid,
miscellaneous matter.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the first
class embraces all correspondence, wholly or pai t-
ly in writing, except that mentioned in the thiid
class. The second class embraces all mailable
matter exclusively in print, and regularly issued
at stated periods, without addition by writing,
mark, or sign. The third class embraces all other
matter which is or may hereafter be by law de-
clared mailable; embracing all pamphlets, occa-
sional publications, books, book rftajluserfpfefattd
proof sheets, whether corrected or not, maps,
prints,engravings, blanks, flexible patterns, satn^
pies and sample cards, phonographic, paper* let-
ter envelopes, postal envelopes, or wraffp&Fft,
cards, paper, plain or ornamental, pji olographic
representations of different types, seeds, cuttings,
bulbs, roots, and scions.
Sec. 21. Jind be it further enacted, That the
maximum standard weight for the single rate of
letter postage is one half ounce avoirdqpois.
Sec. 22. Jlnd\e it further enacted,Th&l the rate
of postage on all domestic letters transmitted in
the mails of the United States, and not exceeding
one half ounce in weight, shall be uniform at three
cents; and for each half ounce or fraction thereof
of additional weight there shall be charged an ad-
ditional rate of three cents, to be in all cases pre-
paid by postage stamps plainly affixed to auck
letter.
Sec. 23. *$ndbe it further enacted, That the rate
of postage on all letters not transmitted through
the mails of the United States, but delivered
through the post office or its carriers, commonly
described as local or drop letters,and not exceed*
ing one half ounce in weight, shall be uniform at
two cents, and an additional rate for each half
ounce or fraction thereof of additional weight, to
be in all cases prepaid by postage stamps aiftxed
to the envelope of such letter, but no extra post-
age or earner's fee shall hereafter be chained or
collected upon letters delivered by carriers, nor
upon letters collected by them for mailing or for
delivery.
Sec. 24. Jind be il further enacted, That the do-
mestic letter rate of postage is established for all
mailable matter which is wholly or partly in writ-
ing, or is so marked as to convey any other or fur-
ther intelligence or information than is conveyed
by the original print in case of printed matter, or
which is sent in violation of law or regulations of
the Department touching the inclosure of matter
which may be sent at less tnan letter rates, and
for all matter introduced into the mails for which
no different rate is provided by law: Provided,
That book manuscripts and corrected proofs pass-
ing between authors and publishers may pass at
the rate of printed matter: •And -provided further,
That publishers of newspapers and periodicals
may print or write upon their publications sent
to regular subscribers the address of subneribera
and the date when the subscription^expires, and
may inclose therewith receipts for payment and
bills for subscription thereto.
Sec. 25. Jiiul be it further enacted, That on all
matter not enumerated as mailable matter, and to
which no specific rates of postage are assigned,
aud which shall nevertheless be mailed, the rate,
if the same shall be forwarded, is established at
the rate of letter postage.
Sec. 26. Jind be it further enacted, That if any
matter on which by law the postage is required
to be prepaid at the mailing office shall reach its
destination without such prepayment, double the
prepaid rates shall be charged and collected on
delivery.
Sec. 27. Jind be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General is authorized to provide by
uniform regulation for transmitting unpaid and
duly certified letters of soldiers, sailors, and ma-
rines in the service of the United States to desti-
nation; and all other letters which from accident
or neglect appear to have been deposited for mail-
ing without prepayment of postage, where, in the
latter class, the writer is not known, or cannot be
promptly advised of his default; but in all cases
of letters not prepaid, except certified soldiers'
and naval letters, the same shall be chaiged with
double rates of postage, to be collected on deliv-
ei v.
Sec. 28. Jind be it further enacted, That when
any writer of a letter on which the postage is pre-
paid shall indorse in writing or in print upt>n the
outside thereof his name and addiess, with a re-
quest that the same be returned tohini if notcalled
for or delivered within any number of days, (not
to exceed thirty days,) any such letter shall not
be advertised nor treated as a dead letter at the
office addressed, but shall be returned as requested,
charged with the proper postage at the prepaid
rate, to be collected on the return delivery; and if
not then delivered, shall be treated as a dead letter.
