1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
bill, to say that he is detained from the House for
a moment by business in the Supreme Court.
Mr. WICKUFFE. I have examined this bill
and am perfectly satisfied that it ought not to pass
now or at any other time. It is an attempt to
create a mode and manner of settling the accounts
of Navy contractors according to the discretion
of commissioners provided for in the bill; which
discretion is not to be revised or examined by this
House. The commissioners are to ascertain how
much the contractors have supplied to the Navy
ynder a written contract, over and above the
amount which the contract called foi; and when
the prices of the articles have increased, the com-
missioners are to settle and adjust what the mar-
ket price is, and that price is to be paid them. No
other set of men have been thus favored by this
or any other Congress.
It seems that some of these contractors, whose
contracts were in existence when the present dif-
ficulties of the country commenced, and some
whose contracts have been made since, owing to
the depreciation of the currency of the country, of
the scarcity and rise in products, and the taxes
imposed by Congress on importations, have been
subjected to a large increase in the price of the ar-
ticles they contracted to furnish. That is a contin-
gency which attends every business. If the price
of the articles had fallen they would have re-
ceived the same price from the Government that
they had agreed to receive at the time their con-
tracts were made.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would say, with
the permission of the gentleman from Kentucky,
that 1 think he has misapprehended the purpose
of the joint resolution now before the House.
The object of the resolution is to make what, in
the opinion of the Committee on Naval Affairs, is
an equitable compensation to contractors with cer-
tain bureaus of the Navy Department during the
last fiscal year. Among the number was the firm
of William Brand & Co., of Glasgow, in Scot-
land, and also of New York. They contracted
with the Department to furnish flax canvas for the
use of the Navy to the amount of about twenty-
nine thousand dollars. The contract contains a
stipulation that in case the Governmentshall need
tin additional quantity of the article it shall be
furnished at the same price. By virtue of that
stipulation this firm was required to furnish, in
placeof §28,000 worth of canvas,aquantity which
reached $183,362 03; or, in other words, more than
six times the amount specified on the face of the
contract. Essentially the same thing occurred in
reference to a contract for cotton canvas, made
with the firm of Fox & Polhemus, of New York.
Now, in the opinion of the committee, the fair
interpretation of the contract is that an amount a
little in excess of the contract, say twenty-five or
fifty per cent., might justly and properly be re-
quired of the contractors; but when the quantity
came, from the peculiar condition of the country,
to be increased sixfold, and when the goods have
been furnished under circumstances perfectly ruin-
ous to them, the committee think they ought to
have some compensation. The firm of William
Brand & Co. furnished an aiticle of a peculiar
character, and one required for our Navy alone.
In the navies of Europe, canvas of the width of
twenty-four inches is used universally, while in
our Navy an article twenty-eight inches ill width
is called "for. No other firm in the world had the
facilities for furnishing the article; and if they had
seen fit to throw up their contract, or had failed
to fulfill it, very serious inconvenience to our ser-
vice would have been the result. But they went
on in good faith and furnished the goods atan im-
mense loss, arid in the opinion of the committee
they are entitled to an equitable compensation for
doing bo. This jointresolution provides that com-
pensation may be made to them as to other con-
tractors similarly situated, provided they have fur-
nished goods over and above an excess of fifty per
cent, upon the quantity specified in the contract,
which in the opinion of the committee is a!! that
the contract, fairly construed, requires.
11 may not be amiss to add, the firm of Fox &
Polhemus have manufactured a large part of the
canvas furnished by them from cotton which cost
them forty-five cents per pound; while, at the time
the contract was entered into, they were buying
it at the rate often cents or less per pound. Yet
they went on and faithfully furnished all that was
required of them by the Department. Within the
last few days the naval storekeeper at Brooklyn
mentioned to me incidentally that the last canva3
furnished by that firm was manufactured from
cotton which cost more than five times the value
of the.artiele at the time the contract was made,
and it not only came up, in all respects, to the
sample, but exceeded it in weight. After mature
deliberation, the committee have come to the con-
clusion that some compensation should be made
to contractors like these for what they have fur-
nished during the last fiscal year.
It is not proposed, as the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky seems to suppose, to inaugurate
a new system in tho Department, but simply to
adjust upon equitable principles what has borne
with great severity upon certain faithful contract-
ors with the Governmentduringthelastyear. The
resolution is guarded, as the committee think, in a
way that will shut out any abuses. It is provided
that-—
All claimants under any such contracts shall present
tlleir claims to the Department within six months after the
passage of this .lotnt resolution, or be forever hatred from
any equitable claim on account of said contracts, and tliat
no contractor who, m ins proposals, has offered supplies at
fictitious or nominal puces shall be entitled to tiie benefit
hereof.
1 trust the resolution will pass.
Mr. WICICLIFFB. I have no great feeling
about this resolution. I only want to understand
it and that tho House shall understand it. I sup-
pose that part of it ought to become a law, but I
think the first section ought to be stricken out.
Why does not the Committee on Naval Affairs
take evidence and report a bill that will enable us
to know what we have to pay: That is the way
in which we treat other claimants. What I ob-
ject to is that this resolution proposes to vest in a
board, to bo organized at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, the power to say how much
money shall be taken out of the public Treasury
for the purpose of compensating to an equitable
amount the claims which these gentlemen say they
have upon the Government of the United States
for furnishing articles at a cost more than the con-
tract price which they had stipulated with the Gov-
ernment to receive. Let these men comelieio.as
all other claimants are required to come, with their
claims and the evidence of their losses. If the
committee had reported a bill stating the amount
to be paid upon evidence furnished to them, I
should have had no objection to make them com-
pensation; but I object to the principle of referring
questions of tli is kind to a board, to the constituted
officers of the Department, over whom we shall
have no control after they have made their adju-
dication. If these commissioners were to report to
the next Congress the amount to be paid, so that
the Representatives of the people should still have
control of the matter, I would not object to the
resolution, and if it shall be so modified I will
withdraw my objection. I do not know that my
objection will avail; but in order to test the sense
of the House, 1 move to strike out the first section
of the joint resolution.
The first section, proposed to be stricken out,
is as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of ^America in Congress assembled, That
the Sectetary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized
to adjust and settle the claims of contractors for naval sup-
plies who, during the last fiscal jear ending 30th Jane,
1862, have furnished'to the Department more than fifty per
cent above the quantities specified in their contracts, and
without default therein; and for the purposuof heaiingsaid
claims mav a&socmto with the chief of the bureau with
which the contract was made the chief of any other bureau,
subject to an appeal to said Secretary from tlreit decision:
Provided, That no contractor  hall be allowed, except upon
the excc?s over the stipulated quantity and fifty per cent,
in addition thereto, and upon such excess not more than
sufficient to make the price thereon equal to the fair mar-
ket value of the suppltc- at the time and place of delivery.
jind provided further, That ail claimants under any such
contracts shall piesent their claims to the Department
within six months after the passage of this joint resolution,
or be forever barred from any equitable claim on account
of said contracts, and that no contractor who. in las pro-
posals, has offered supplies at fictitious or nominal prices,
shall be entitled to the benefit hereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, this seems
to be rather an extraordinary joint resolution
which the House is called upon to pass. I merely
wish to call the attention of the House to the pro-
visions of the first section, which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. WiCKLirrr] has very prop-
erly, in my judgment, moved to strike out. It is
a general provision of law for the relief of a class
of contractors for naval supplies, on the ground,
as I understand it, that tho market price of the
articles-to be furnished has risen since the con-
tracts were made.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Thegentleman wiltal
low oeto set him right 011 thatpoint. The purpose
of this joint resolution is-no* to compensate these-
contractors because the articles they- furnished
have risen in value in the market since the con-
tracts wore made, but merely to compensate them
for losses sustained in furnishing- quantities great-
ly in excess of their contracts.
Mr. WASHBURNJS. Does not the gentleman
know that at the time the contracts were made
they were required to furnish these quantities? Un-
less they contracted to furnish whatever amounts
the Department required, they were under no ob-
ligation to furnish them. What they have done,,
they have done in conformity to their contracts;
and they now come in here, through the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ask this House to
relieve them.
Mr. PIKE. The point is this. These contracts
were made for a peace establishment. They were
contracts to supply the amounts of these articles
required in ordinary times of peace. Take, for
instance, the article of canvas, which has risen
from twenty-five to sixty-five or seventy cents per
yard. A contractor who agreed to furnish one
thousand yards of canvas, which would be a suffi-
cient supply for times of peace, has been called
upon, under his contract, to furnish seventy-fiva
thousand or one hundred thousand yards.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The same argument
would apply in every single case of a contractor,
in which, after he has made his contract, the pries
of the article he agreed to furnish has risen in the
market, and he can qgme in and ask Congress to
relieve him. But, sir, none of the contractors, of
the thousands and tens of thousands of contract-
ors who have made untold money out of this war,
propose to come in and pay a part of their enor-
mous profits to the Government. Yet the Naval
Committee and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. F. A. Conkling]—who has aided to strike
the greatest blow at the interests of my section of
the country—come in here and ask Congress to
pass a bill for the relief of the contractors of New
York. I hope that the House will put its veto,
upon the bill at the threshold, so that we shall not
be troubled with it hereafter.
Mr. SEDGWICK obtained the floor.
Mr. PIKE. Let me say to the gentleman.from
Illinois that there are no contractors in the State
of Maine.
Mr. WASHBURNE. One moment, if the gen-
tleman from New York will permit me. The
house referred to by the gentleman from New York
has made, I understand, more than a million dol-
lars. Yet, sir, they come here and ask us to make
up their losses on some articles.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope that this bill will
be considered on its merits, without beingmixed
up with anything that does not belong to it.
Let me explain it. The first section of the bill it
is now proposed to strike out; and if the House
will give me its attention for five or ten minutes,
I will show why it ought not to be stricken out,
and why the whole bill ought to be passed by the
House.
Mr. Speaker, prior to the commencement of
hostilities, the Navy Department, by its several
bureaus, issued proposals for supplies for the next
fiscal year. The contracts were entered into early
in the spring. Among others, the Bureau of Con-
struction of the Navy Department issued its pro-
posals for supplies for that department and they
were answered. They entered into contracts with
that bureau, which contained a clause which I will
read from one of their printed blanks. It is as
follows:
" The said paities of the first part fartiier stipulate and
agree to furnish and deliver within tiie said navy-yard, on
like terms ami conditions, such additional quantity or quan-
tities of any or ail of said articles as may from time to time
be demanded, during the fiscal year ending on the said30th
of June, 18—, on receiving, in person or through ail ap-
pointed agent, fifteen days' previous notice fioni tiie com-
mandant of said navy-yard, the bureau, or navy agent.15
The House will see by the terms of that con-
tract that the Bureau of Construction had the right
to call upon the contractors for any quantity of the
specified articles that it should require during the
year. They had estimated before the amount that
would be required. The other bureaus in mak-
ing contracts use a clause which I will read from
