202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
3tai Gong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
•Sec. 2D. An d be it farther enacted, That the
postage on returned dead letters, not registered as
valuable, shall be three cents for the single rate;
on returned dead letters, registered as valuable,
double rates shall be charged.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That all let-
ters directed to any person not found at the office
addressed may be forwarded to any other office
where he may be found, with additional charge of
postage therefor.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted. That the
Postmaster General shall have authority to pay,
or cause to be paid, a sum not exceeding two
cents each for all letters conveyed in any vessel
or steamboat, not employed in carrying the mail,
from one port or place to any other port or place
in the United States, or from any foreign port to
any port within the United States, subject to such
regulations asvthe Postmaster General may pre-
scribe, but all such letters shall be deposited in
the post office at the port of arrival, for mailing
or delivery; and if for delivery within the United
States shall be rated with double rates of postage,
which shall cover the fee paid to the vessel; no
fees shall be allowed for letters collected by a car-
rier on a mail route.
Sec. 39. And be it farther enacted, That, for the
greater security of valuable letters posted for
transmission in the mails of the United States, the
Postmaster General is authorized to establish a
uniform plan for the registration of such letters
on application of parties posting the same, and to
require the payment of the postage, as well as a
registration fee not exceeding twenty cents, on
every such letter or packet, to be accounted for
by postmasters receiving the same in such man-
ner as the Postmaster General shall direct: Pro~
tided, however, That such registration shall not
be compulsory, and it shall not render the Post
Office Department or its revenue liable for the loss
of such letters or packets, or the contents thereof;
and provision shall be made by regulation for a
return receipt to the writer, showing to whom
and when such registered letter was delivered,
which receipt shall be received in the courts as
prima facie evidence of such delivery.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That the
maximum standard weight for the single rate of
postage on matter classed as printed matter, and
also on that classed as miscellaneous matter, is
four ounces avoirdupois, subject to the exception
in the next following section provided.
Sec. 34. Jind be it further enacted, That the rate
of postage on transient mailable matter of the sec-
ond class, and also on all miscellaneous mailable
matter of the third class, (except circulars and
books,) shall be two cents for each four ounces
or fraction thereof contained in any one package
to one address; and such postage shall in all cases
be fully prepaid by stamps, plainly affixed to the
wrapper thereof. Double these rates slmH be
charged for books. Unsealed circulars not'ex-
ceedmg three in number shall pass at the single
rate of two cents, and in that proportion for a
greater number, adding one rate for three circu-
lars, or let>s number thereof, directed to one ad-
dress. No extra postage shall be charged for a
card printed or impressed upon an envelop or
wrapper. These rates must in all cases be pre-
paid by stamps.
Sec . 35. Jind be it further enacted, That the rate
of postage upon mailable matter of the second
class, issued once a week or more frequently from
a known office of publication, and sent to regular
subsci ibers, shall be as follows: upon newspa-
pers and other periodical publications, each not
exceeding the stand.uj weight of four ounces,
and passing through the mails or post offices of
the united States between any points therein, the
rate for each quarter of the year shall be: for pub-
lications issued once a week, five cents; issued
twice a week, ten cents; issued three times a week,
fifteen cents; issued six times a week, thirty cents;
issued seven times a week, thirty-five cents; and
in that proportion, adding one rate for each issue
more frequent than once a week. For weight ex-
ceeding four ounces, and not exceeding eight
ounces, an additional rate shall be charged, and
on the same scale, an additional rate for each ad-
ditional weight of four ounces or fraction thereof;
and such postage must be prepaid for a term not
less than one quarter nor more than one year, at
either the office of mailing or of delivery, at the
option of the subscriber, of which payments a
record shall be made and preserved in the post
office where paid; and no such publication shall
be delivered from the office until such payment is
made; but the publishers of weekly newspapers
may send to each actual subscriber within the
county where their papers are printed and pub-
lished one copy thereof free of postage.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That the rate
of postage upon mailable matter of the second
class, issued less frequently than once a week,from
a known office of publication, anil sent to regular
subscribers, shall be as follows: upon newspa-
pers, magazines, and other periodical publications,
each not exceeding the standard weight'of four
ounces, and passing through the mails or post
offices of the United States between any points
therein, the rate for each such paper or periodical
shall be one cent, and an additional rate of one
cent for each additional weight of four ounces or
fraction thereof: Provided, That the Postmaster
General may provide by regulation for the trans-
portation of small newspapers in packages at the
same rate by the standard weight of the package
when sent to one address; and the rates herein
provided must be prepaid at either the office of
mailing or of delivery, at the option of the sub-
scriber, for a term not less than one quarter nor
more than one year, except that newsdealers may
pay the postage upon their packages as received
at the same rates pro rata as yearly or semi-an-
nual subscribers who pay postage quarterly in
advance.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted. That pub-
lishers may inclose in their publications sent to
regularsubscribers the bills forsubscription thereto
without any additional charge for postage, and
may write or print upon their publications, or
upon the wrappers thereof, the name and address
of the subscribers thereto, and the date when the
subscription will expire; but any other inclosure
or addition in writing or in print shall subject the
same to letter postage, which shall be collected
before delivery thereof.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General may from time to time pro-
vide by order the rates and terms upon which
route agents may receive and deliver at the mail
car or steamer packages of newspapers and peri-
odicals delivered to them for that purpose by the
publishers, or any news agent in charge thereof,
and not received from, nor designed for delivery at
any post office.
Sec. 39. And be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General has authority to prescribe by
regulation the maimer of wrapping and securing
for the mails all matter not charged with letter
postage nor lawfully franked, so that the same
may be conveniently examined by postmasters;
and if not so wrapped and secured, the same shall
be subject to letter postage. He may also provide
by regulation for asceitaming by furnished lists,
by affidavit or otherwise, whether publishers send
or have sent their publications unpaid through
the mails to other than their regular subscribers.
Sec. 40. Aiulbe it further enacted, That post-
masters, at the office of delivery, are authorized,
and it shall be their duty, to remove the wrap-
pers and envelopes from printed and other matter
not chaiged with letter postage, nor lawfully
franked, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
there is upon, or connected with, any such printed
matter or in such package any matter or thing
which would.authoi izc or require the charge of a
higher rate of postage thereon.
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may require an affidavit in form,
to he prescribed by general regulation, to be taken
by any publisher, or any clerk, agent, or servant
ofsuch publisherofanypaperorperiodical which,
by the terms of this act, may be sent to regular
subscribers without prepayment of postage at the
mailing office, to the effect that neither he nor any
other proprietor, clerk, agent or employe, within
his knowledge, has sent, or caused or'permitted
to be sent through the mails, without prepayment
by postage stamps, any copies of such paper or
periodical, (naming'it,) except the same were sent
to bona fide and regular subscribers thereto. And
if it be ascertained that such papers or periodicals
have been thus unlawfully sent, with the knowl-
edge or consent of such proprietors, or of the agent
or clerk in charge of that business, or if such af-
fidavit, when required by the Postmaster General,
or by a special agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment, shall be refused, the person guilty of such
offense, or refusing such oath, shall be liable to a
fine of fifty dollars in each case, to be recovered
by suit before any court of competent jurisdic-
tion, one half of which, when recovered, shall be
paid to the informer.
Sec. 42. And beilfurther enacted, That author-
ity to frank mail matter is conferred upon and lim-
-ited to the following persons: First, the Presi-
dent of the United States, by himself or his pri-
vate secretary. Second. The Vice President of
the United States. Third. The chiefs of the sev-
eral Executive Departments. Fourth. Such prin-
cipal officers, being heads of bureaus or chief
clerks, of BKch Executive Department, to be used
only for official communications, as the Postmas-
ter General shall by regulation prescribe. Fifth.
Senators and Representatives in the Congress of
the United States, including Delegates from Ter-
ritories, the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of
the House of Representatives, to cover corre-
spondence to and from them,and all printed matter
issued by authority of Congress, arid all speeches,
proceedings, and debates in Congress, and all
printed matter sent to them; their franking priv-
ilege to commence with the term for which they
are elected and to expire on the first Mondty of
December following such term of office. Sixth.
All official communications addressed to either of
the Executive Departments of Government by
an officer responsible to that Department: Pro-
vided, That in all such cases the envelope shall be
marked "official," with the signature thereto of
the officer writing the communication. Seventh.
Postmasters have also the franking privilege for
their official communications to other postmas-
ters: Provided, That in all such cases the envel-
ope shall be marked official, with the signature
of the writer thereto, and for any and every such
indorsement of official falsely made the person
making the same shall forfeit and pay three hun-
dred dollars. Eighth. Petitions to either branch
of Congress shall pass free in the mails. Ninth.
All communications addressed to any of the frank-
ing officers above described, and not excepted in
the foregoing clauses, must be prepaid by postage
stamps. The franking privilege hereinbefore
granted shall be limited to packages weighing not
exceeding four ounces, except petitions to Con-
gress and congressional or executive documents,
and such publications or books as have or maybe
published, procured, or purchased by order of
either House of Congress, or a joint resolution of
the two Houses, which shall be considered as
public documents, and entitled to be franked as
such; and except, also, seeds, cuttings, roots, and
scions, the weight of the packages of whicn may
be fixed by regulations of the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Sec. 43. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatall pub-
lishers nf periodicals, magazines, and newspapers
which shall not exceed sixteen ounces in weight
s'hall be allowed to interchange their publications
reciprocally free of postage: Provided, That such
interchange shall be confined to a single copy of
each publication.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, Thatthisaet
shall be in force and take effect from and after the
thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three.
Sec. 45. AndT)eitfurther enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXU.—An Act to disapprove of the
twenty-sixth section of the Act of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Nevada, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That section twenty-six of an act of
the Legislative'Assembly of the Territory of Ne-
vada entitled "An act to provide for the forma-
tion of corporations for certain purposes," ap-
proved December twenty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, said section being as follows: " Sec-
