1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
3*7™ CONG....So
tion 26. All corporations heretofore formed under
the provisions of acts of incorporation in other
States or Territories, and holding or owning1 prop-
erty within this Territory of such character as
specified in section first of this act, and managed
by a board or boards of trustees or directors, and
having their principal place of business outside
the limits of this Territory, are hereby required to
remove their places of business, principal offices,
books, and papers, heretofore kept, or necessa-
ry for the transaction of such business, to some
point to be designated by said corporation, within
the limits of this Territory, within six months
after the passage of this act, or otherwise such
corporation or corporations shall be disregarded
in law as a corporation, and the corporators or
stockholders thereof be treated as tenants in com-
mon, or j'oint owners of such property so owned
or held within this Territory. Any corporation,
by filing and recording its certificate of incorpo-
ration, or a certified copy thereof, with the secre-
tary of the Territory, and with the clerk of the
county in which such corporation may locate as
the principal place of business, and fully comply-
ing with all the provisions of* this act, shall be
deemed sufficient to entitle such corporation to all
the rights and privileges under the provisions of
this act,5' be, and the same is hereby, disapproved,
and the same is hereby annulled and made void.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all in-
corporated companies, duly organized within anjr
State or Territory of the United States, may sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in the sev-
eral courts of the Territory of Nevada, anything
in the laws of said Territory to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act to provide Ways and
Means for the support of the Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate find House of Repre-
sentitivesoftke United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to borrow, from time
to time, on the'eredit of the United States, a sum
not exceeding three hundred millions of dollais
for the current fiscal year, and six hundred mil-
lions forthe next fiacdl year, and to issue therefor
coupon or registered bonds, payable at the pleas-
ure of the Government after'such periods as may
be fixed by the Secretary, not less than ten nor
more than forty years from date, m coin, and of
such denominations not less than fifty dollars as
he may deem expedient, bearing mterestat a rate
not exceeding six per centum per annum, pay-
able on bonds notexceedingone hundred dollars,
annually, and on all other bonds semi-annually,
in coin; and he may, in his discretion, dispose of
such bonds at any time, upon such terms as he
may deem most advisable, for lawful money of
the United States, or for any of the certificates of
indebtedness or deposit that may at any time be
unpaid, or for any of the Treasury notes hereto-
fore issued or which may be issued under the pro-
visions of this act. And all the bonds and Treas-
ury notes or United States notes issued underthe
provisions of this act shall be exempt from tax-
ation by or under State or municipal authority:
Provided, That there shall be outstanding of
bonds, Treasury notes, and United States notes,
at any time, issued under the provisions of this
act, no greater amount altogether than the sum
of nine hundred millions of dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to issue,on thecreditoftheUnitedStates,
four hundred millions of dollars in Treasury notes,
payable at the pleasure of the United States, or
at such time or times not exceeding three years
from date as may be found most beneficial to the
public interests, and bearing interest at a rate not
exceeding six per centum per annum, payable at
periods expressed on the face of said Treasury
notes; and the interest on the said Treasury notes
and on certificates of indebtedness and deposit
hereafter issued, shall be paid in lawful money.
The Treasury notes thus issued shall he of such
denomination as the Secretary may direct, not
less than ten dollars, and may be disposed of on
the best terms that can be obtained, or may be
paid to any creditor of the United States willing
to receive the same at par. And said Treasury
notes may be made a legal tender to the &cme
extent as United States notes, for their face value
excluding interest; or they may be made ex-
changeable under regulations prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, by the holder thereof,
at the Treasury in the city of Washington, or at
the office of any assistant treasurer or depositary
designated for that purpose, for United States
notes equal in amount to the Treasury notes
offered forexchange, together with the interest ac-
crued and due thereon at the date of interest pay-
ment next preceding such exchange. And in
lieu of any amount of said Treasury notes thus
exchanged, or redeemed or paid at maturity, the
Secretary may issue an equal amount of other
Treasury notes; and the Treasury notes so ex-
changed, redeemed, or paid, shall be canceled
and destroyed as the Secretary may direct. In
order to secure certain and prftmpt exchanges of
United of States notes for Treasury notes when
required as above provided, the Secretary shall
have power to issue United States notes to the
amount of one hundred and fifty millions of dol-
lars, which may be used if necessary for such
exchanges; but no part of the United States notes
authorized by this section shall be issued for or
applied toany otherpurposesthansaid exchanges;
and whenever any amount shall have been so issued
and applied, the same shall be replaced as soon as
practicable from the sales of Treasury notes for
United States notes.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, if required'by the exigencies of the
public service, for the payment of the Army and
Navy, and other creditors of the Government, to
issue on the credit of the United States the sum
of one hundred and fifty millions of dollars of
United States notes, including the amount of such
notes heretofore authorized by the joint resolu-
tion approved January seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, in such form as he may
deem expedient, not bearing interest, payable to
bearer, and of such denominations, not less than
one dollar, as he may prescribe, which notes so
issued shall be lawful money and a legal tender
in payment of all debts, public and private, with-
in the United States, except for duties on imports
and interest on the public debt; and any^of the
said notes, when returned to the Treasury, may
be reissued from time to time as the exigencies
of the public service may require. And in lieu
of any of said notes, or any other United States
notes returned to the Treasury, and canceled or
destroyed there may be issued equal amounts of
United States notes, such as are authorized by
this act. And so much of the act to authorize
the issue of the United States notes, and for other
purposes, approved February twenty-five, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, and of the act to au-
thorize an additional issue of United States notes,
and for other purposes, approved July eleven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, as restricts the
negotiation of bonds to market value, is hereby
repealed. And the holders of the United States
notes, issued under and by virtue of said acts,
shall present the same for the purpose of exchang-
ing the same for bonds, as therein provided, on
or before the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, and thereafter the right so to ex-
change the same shall cease and determine.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That in lieu
of postage and revenue stamps for fractional cur-
rency, and of fractional notes, commonly called
postage currency, issued or to be issued, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may issue fractional notes
of like amounts in such form as he may deem
expedient, and may provide for the engraving,
preparation, and issue thereof m the Treasury
Department building. And all such notes issued
shall be exchangeable by the assistant treasurers
and designated depositaries for United States
notes, in sums not less than three dollars, and
shall be receivable for postage and revenue stamps
and also in payment of any dues to the United
States less than five dollars, except duties on im-
ports, and shall be redeemed on presentation at
the Treasury of the United States in such sums
and under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe: Provided, That the
Whole amount of fractional currency issued, in-
cluding postage and revenue stamps issued^as
currency, shall not. exceed fifty millions of dak
lars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted? That theSec*
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
receive deposits of gold coin and bullion with'the
Treasurer or aay assistant treasurer of the
ted States, in sums not less than twenty dollars*
and to issue certificates therefor, ^ denominations
of not less than twenty dollars each, correspond-
ing with the denominations of the United States
notes. The coin and bullion deposited for or
representing the certificates of deposit shall-be
retained in the Treasury for the payment of the
same on demand. And certificates representing
coin in the Treasury may be issued in payment
of interest on the public debt, which certificates,
together with those issued for coin and bullion
deposited, shall not at any time exceed twenty
per centum beyond the amount of coin and bul-
lion in the Treasury; and the certificates for coin
or bullion in the Treasury shall be received at
par in payment for duties on imports.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the cou-
pon or registered bonds, Treasury notes, and
United States notes authorized by this act shall
be in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct, and shall have printed upon them
such statements, showing the amount of accrued
or accruing interest, the character of the notes,
and the penalties or punishment for altering or
counterfeiting them,as the Secretary of theTreas-
ury may prescribe, and shall bear the written or
engraved signatures of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States and the Register of the Treasury, and
also, as evidence of lawful iasue, the imprint of a
copy of the seal of the Treasury Department,
which imprint shall be made, under the direction
of the Secretary, after the said notes or bonds
shall be received from the engravers and before
they are issued; or the said notes and bonds shall
be signed by the Treasurer of the United States,
or for the Treasurer by such persons as may be
specially appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for that purpose, and shall be countersigned
by the Register of the Treasury,or for the Regis-
ter by such persons as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may specially appoint for that purpose. And
all the provisions of the act entitled " An act to
authorize the issue of Treasury notes^'approved
the twenty-third day of December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, so far as they can be applied
to this act, and not inconsistent therewith, are
hereby revived and reenacted.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That ail banks,
associations,corporations, or individuals, issuing
notes or bills for circulation as currency, shall be
subjcct to and pay a duty of one per centum each
half year from and after April first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, upon the average amount of
circulation of notesor bills as currency issued be-
yon'd the amount hereinafter named, that is to say:
banks, associations, corporations, or individuals,
having a capital of not over one hundred thou-
sand dollars, ninety per centum thereof; over one
hundred thousand and not over two hundred thou-
sand dollars, eighty per centum thereof; over two
hundred thousand and not over three hundred
thousand dollars, seventy per centum thereof;
over throe hundred thousand and not over five
hundred thousand dollars, sixty per centum there-
of; over five hundred thousand and not over one
million of dollars, fifty per centum thereof; over
one million and not over one million and a half of
dollars, forty per centum thereof; over one mil-
lion and a half and riot over two millions of dol-
lars, thirty per centum thereof; over two millions
of dollars, twenty-five per centum thereof. In
the case of banks with branches, the duty herein
provided for shall be imposed upon the circulation
of the notes or bills of such branches severally,
and not upon the aggregate circulation of all; and
the amount of capital of each branch shall be con-
sidered to be the amount allotted to or used by
such branch; and all such banks, associations,
corporations, and individuals shall also be subject
to and pay a duty of one half of one per centum
each half year from and after April first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, upon the average amount
of notes or bills not otherwise herein taxed and
outstanding as currency during the six months
next preceding the return hereinafter provided for;
