APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 9,
87th Cong...,3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
end the rates of tax or duty imposed on the cir-
culation of associations which may be organized
under (he act "to provided national currency,
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption there-
of," approved February twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, shall be.the same as that
hereby imposed on the circulation and deposits of
aH banks, associations, corporations, or individ-
uals, hut shall be assessed and collected as required
by said act; all banks, associations, or corpora-
tions, and individuals issuing or reissuing notes
or bills fwr circulation as currency after April first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, in sums repre-
senting any fractional part of a dollar, shall be
subject to and pay a duty of five per centum each
half year thereafter upon the amount of such fi ac-
tional notes or bills so issued. And all banks,
associations, corporations, and individuals receiv-
ing deposits of money subject to payment on check
or draft, except savings institutions, shall be sub-
ject to a duty of one eighth of one per centum each
half year from and after April first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, upon the average amount
of such deposits beyond the average amount of
their circulating notes or bills lawfully issued and
outstanding as currency. And a list or return
shall be made and rendered within thirty days
after the first day of October, eighteen hundred
aud sixty-three, and each six months thereafter,
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which
shall contain anue and faithful account of the
amount of duties accrued, or which should accrue,
on the full amount of the fractional note circula-
tion and on the average amount of all other circu-
lation and of all sucb"deposits, for the six months
jiext preceding. And there shall be annexed to
every such list or return a declaiation, undei oath
or affirmation, to be made in form and manner a3
shall be proscribed by the Commissioner of in-
ternal Revenue, of the president, or some other
proper ollleer of said bank, association, corpoia-
tion, or individual, respectively, that the same
contains a true and faithful account of the duties
which have accrued, or which should accrue, and
not accounted for; aud for any default m the de-
livery of such list or return, with such declaration
annexed, the bank, association, corporation, or
individual making such default, shall forfeit, as a
penalty, the sum of live humlied dollars. And
such bank, association, corpoi at ion, or individual
shall, upon remb'rinir the list or return as aforesaul,
pay to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue the
amount of the duties due on such list or return,
and in Jefault thereof shall forfeit, as a penalty,
the sum of five hundred dollars; and in ease of
neglect or icfusal to make such list or return us
aforesaid, ot to pay the dudes as aforesaid, for the
space of thnty days after the time when said list
should have been made or renden'd,oi whtn said
duties shall have become due and payable, the
assessment and collection shall be made accord-
ing to the general provisions piescnbed m an act
entitled "An art to provide internal revenue to
suppot t tlie Government and to pay interest, on
the public debt,5' appiovcd July one, eighteen
hundted and sixty-two.
iSfcc. 8. be It further enacted^ That, in older
to pievent and* punish eouniei teitmg and fraud-
ulent alterations ,,f the bonus, notes, and frac-
tional euriency authoi ized to be issued by th:s
act, all the pioviston-i of the e-ixth and seventh
sections of the act entitled "An act to authorize
the i*suo of United States notes, and for the re-
demption or funding thereof, and for funding the
floating dent of the United States." approved Feb-
ruary twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, shail, so far applicable,apply to the bonds,
notes, and fractional currency hereby authoi ized
to be issued, in like manner as if the said sixth
and seventh sections weie hereby adopted as ad-
ditional sections of this u<'t. And the piuvisions
and penalties of said sixth and seventh sections
shall extend and apply to all persons who shall
inmate, counterfeit, mak -. or sell any paper sueh
as that used, or provided to be used, for the fi ac-
tional notes prepared, or to be prepared, in the
Treasuiy Department building,and to all officials
oftheTreasuiy Department engaged in engraving
and prepaitng the bonds, notes,and fractional cur-
rency hereby authorized to be issued, find to all
official and unoifioiai persona m any manner em-
ployed under the provisions of this act. And the
sutffof six hundred thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to ca^ry this act into effect.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to provide Internal Revenue to
support the Government and pay Interest on the
Public Debt," approved July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That an act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government and pay interest
on the public debt, approved July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, be, and the same hereby
is, amendjed] as hereinafter set forth, namely:
That wherever any written notice, or other in-
strument in writing, is required, the same shall
be lawful if written or partly written and printed.
That section eleven be, and hereby is, amended
so as to authorize assistant assessors to perform
any duties therein imposed upon assessors.
That section nineteen be so amended that the
deputy collector, as well as the collector, may
perform all the duties required of the said collector
m the said section; and any notice required by
said section to persons who neglect to pay their
taxes may be sent by mail orleftat.thedwellmgs
or usual places of business of such persons, if
any they have, written or printed, and said notice
shall state the amount of duty or tax for which
such persons are liable, including the ten per
centum additional,as provided foi in said section,
demanding payment of the same; and with respect
to all such duties or taxes as are not included m
the annual lists as provided for in said section, and
all taxes and duties the collection of which is not
otherwise provided for in said act, it shall be the
duty of each collector in person or by deputy to
demand payment therefor, in the manner provided,
within ten days from and after the expiration of
the time within which such duty or tax should have
been paid ;and any copy of distraint shall be left at
the dwelling or u>sual place of business of the owner
or possessor of the property distiained: Provided,
That such special demand shall not be necessary
in respect to taxes assessed by section seventy-
seven of said act.
That section twenty-eight be, and hereby is,
amended, by striking out the words "foifeit and
pay the sum of five hundred dollars," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof " upon conviction thereof by
a court of competent jurisdiction forfeit and pay
the sum of five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned
for a term not exceeding two years, ut the discre-
tion of the couit."
That section forty-three be amended by striking
out the following words: "and any person who
shall use any cask or package so marked for the
purpose of selling spirits of a quality different
from that so inspected, shail be subject to a like
penalty for each cask or package so used," and
inserting in lieu thereof " and any person who
shall fraudulently use any cask or package so
marked lor the purpose of selling any other sp'rus
than that so inspected, 01 for selling spints of a
quality or quantity different from that so inspected,
i>hall be subject to a like penalty, as provided, for
each cask or package so used."
That section forty-four be, and hereby is,
amended, by striking out the words " to be con-
tiguous to such distilleiy."
That section fifty-five be, and hereby is, amended
by inserting after the words " shail not be paid at
the time of rendering the account of the same, as
herein required," the words " or at the time when
they shall have become payable."
That section sixty-foui be, and hereby is, so
amended, " that no licen.se shall be required of an
attorney having taken out a license as such in con-
sequence of being employed to purchase, rent, or
sell real estate, or to collect rent thereon for others
in the ordinary course of business;" in paragraph
number sixteen by inserting after the word " tav-
erns," the words " or eating houses;" by adding
to paragraph number twenty-eight the following
words: " nor shall apotheeaiies who have taken
out a liccnse as such be required to take out a
license as retail dealers in liquors in consequence
of selling alcohol;" and in paragraph number
twenty-nine by inserting after the word "mer-
chandise," "or who shall manufactureJ}y hand
or machinery, for any other person or persons, ,
goods, waves, or merchandise."
That section sixty-four be, and hereby is,fur*
ther amended by adding, at the end thereof, the
following paragraphs:
"Thirty-four. Architects and civil engineers
shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person whose business it is to plan, design, or
superintend the construction of buildings, or
ships, or of roads, or bridges, or canals, or rail-
roads, shall be regarded as an architect and civil
engineer under this act: Providedt That this shall
not include a practical carpenter who labors on a
building.
"Thirty-five. Builders and contractors shall
pay twenty-five dollars for each license. Every
person whose business it is to construct build-
ings, or ships, or bridges, or canals, or railroads
by contract, shall be regarded as a builder and
contractor under this act: Provided, That no li-
cense shall be required from any person whose
building contracts do not exceed two thousand
five hundred dollars in any one year.
"Thirty-six. Stallions and jacks, owners of,
shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person who keeps a male horse or a jackass for
the use of mares, requiring or receiving pay there-
for, shall be required to take out a license under
this act, which" shall contain a brief description of
the animal, its age, and place or pfaces where used
or to be used: Provided, That all accounts, notes,
01 demands, for the use of any such horse or jack
without a license, as aforesaid, shall be invalid,
and of no force in any court of law or equity.
" Thirty-seven. Lottery-ticket dealersbhall pay
one thousand dollars for each license. Every per-
son, association, firm, or corporation who shall
make, sell, or otfer to sell lottery tickets or frac-
tional parts thereof, or any token, certificate, or
device representing or intended to lepiesentalot-
tery ticket or any fractional part theieof, or any
policy of numbers in any lottery, oi shall manage
any lotteiy or prepare schemes of lotteries, or
superintend the dinwing of any lottery, shall be
deemed a lottery-ticket dealer under tins act.
"Thirty-eight. Insurance agents shall pay ten
dollars for each license. Any person who shall
act as agent of any fire, marine, life, mutual, or
other insurance company, or companies, shall be
regarded as an insurance agent under this act:
Provided, Thar, no license shall be required of any
insuiancc agent or broker whose rect lpts, as such
agent, are less than the sum of six hundred dol-
lais in any one year.
"Thirty-nine. Butchers shall pay ten dollars
for each license. Every person whose business
it is to sell butchers'meat at retail shall be re-
garded fisa butcher under this act: Provided^That
no butcher having taken out a license, and paid
ten dollars therefor, shail be requited to take out
a license as retail dealer on accouutof sellingother
article^ at the same store,stall, or premises: Pro-
videdfurther, That butchers who retail butchers'
meat exclusively from a cart or wagon, by them-
selves or agents, shall be required to pay five dol-
iai s only fur ecu h license,any existing law to the
contiary notwithstanding, and having taken out
a license therefor shall not be required to take out
a hcense as a peddier for retailing; bu tchers5 meat,
| as aforesaid: And proiidedfurlht-r,' riiatno license
| shall be required of a butcher whose annual sales
| do not exceed one thousand dollars.
; "Forty. Retail dealers shall nay ten dollars for
each hcense. Every person whose business or
occupation it is to sell or offer for sale any goods,
wares, or merchandise of foreign or domestic pro-
duction, not including wines, spirituous or malt
hquor.s, but not excluding drugs, medicines, ci-
gars, snuff, or tobacco, and whose annual sales
exceed one thousand and do not exceed twenty-
five thousand dollars, shall be regarded as a retail
dealer under this act.
" Forty-one. Wholesale dealers, whose annual
sales do not exceed fifty thousand dollars, shall
pay twenty-five dollars for each license; if ex-
ceeding fifty thousand and not exceeding one hun-
dred thousand dollars, shall pay fifty dollars for
each hcense; exceeding one hundred thousand
