1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
gone With it. And yet I understood from the ar-
gtimetit of the gentleman from Indiana that this
i« the condition to which he would reduce us. lie
denies that when our State officers have proved
Recreant to their trusts the General Government
can interpose for our relief any further than to
send a military force to keep the peace, or, in other
words, to hold us in subjection and compel our
gfood behavior. That may be necessary, but it
Gaboon for which we would be only indifferently
grateful. Send down a military satrap to hold
fis in subjection, to make- us keep the peace, to
make us observe the laws "Which you enactfor our
govern men t, and never let us be heard, never let
oar voices be lifted up in this law-making body by
#ay of protest even ! Permit me to say that such
ii championship of our lights strikes mo as any-
thing i?ut generous or valuable, however well in-
fended and zealous. Protect our rights under the
Constitution by denying us the only right that
makes the Constitution worth having!
What else ? We are told that we are dead, dead;
that we must repose in the shadow of death until
We are resurrected—that is the word.
Mr. Speaker, some time ago a representative
Man from the State of Massachusetts—to'whom
I cannot otherwise allude than as a representative I
man, not of the class of ideas which the gentle-
man from Indiana would assume to represent—
fiut forth a theory that we in the seceded States
lad committed political suicide—that we had died
feloniously by our own hands.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Allow me
It moment. I undertake to say that, in my judg-
ment, there is not one man in ten in the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts who sanctions the doc-
trine of State suicide; and 1 thank God there are
riot more.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot permit that to be as-
serted without saying that, in my judgment, a
large majority of the sensible men of Massachu-
setts uphold that doctrine.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I will not
eWer into the question of sensible men, because I
rtiight suffer very much in comparison with my
distinguished colleague; but 1 venture to say,and
i'repeat the remark, that upon this question of
State suicide, there is not one man in ten in Mas-
sachusetts who believes'it; and I venture to say
that the " representative man of Massachusetts"
Would never advocate that doctrine to the people
of Massachusetts, nn^ that he did not do it during
the whole campaign.
Mr. DAWES. Will my friend from Tennes-
see allow mo jiiKt ■■ word?
Mr. MAVJNAfiD. My friend is so very clover
that I cannot refuse him.
Mr. DAVW3S. I only want to say that, stand-
ing as I always do midway between the two ex-
tremes in Massachusetts, I do implore my friends
not to bring Massachusetts politics into the con-
sideration of the question whether these gentlemen
have been duly elected from Louisiana to the
House of Representatives. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I did not pre-
sume or assume to express the sentiments of the
people of Massachusetts, much less to decide who
are the " sensible" people of that State. I recol-
lect the definition of the term " sensible" once
given by a man who had used it and defined it to
apply, as lie said, to " those people who think on
nearly all important subjects very mueh as Ido."
{Laughter.] I suppose, with that definition, prob-
ably the statements of both gentlemen would be
correct.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will allow me just a word. If I heard him
correctly, he was in some way connecting me
with the idea of a State committing political sui-
cide, and in that way bringing me in connection
with the gentleman from~Massachusetts, [Mr.
Euot.] I wish simply to snv that my argument
yesterday was based upon ihis idea, that the ac-
tion of the military governor in superseding the
civil authorities of the State of Louisiana did in-
flict, by executive dictation, political death on that
State; not a political suicide, for the people had
no hand in it, but by the hand of the Executive
the civil government of the State died. I protested
agaiostit, amd argued that the State should liveby
virtue of her own constitution and her own local
lews', and that through them and them alone she
. tfhould- seek representation and have vitality «s tt
State.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not misunderstand
the gentleman, I think. I was proceeding to
showhow extremes sometimes wheel around and
come very ctose together. The gentleman from
Indiana had us dead, but I believe he spared us
the indignity of being buried at cross-roads with a
stake through the body, according to the old law
of suicide, and provided, further, that we might
be " resurrected." When the day of resurrection
would be, I think hedid not specify, but I inferred
from the tone of his remarks he postponed it, at
least, until after the next presidential election.
Now, sir, when these people in Louisiana come
up here and ask to be heard on those great meas-
ures of legislation which are to concorti the
whole migiity future of our country, its honor,
and its great name, they are told by this rep-
resentative of one idea that we are felo de se, that
we have committed suicide, and dead men tell no
talcs; when, turning from him, they go to the rep-
resentative of the other idea and say, "for God's
sake let us be heard on these measures of legis-
lation which are to affect ns and our children
after us, and our whole State and our section of
the country," why he turns upon us, grandly
and eloquently, I admit, but still turns upon us
and tells us that we must wait until after the " res-
urrection." Such a reception by the members
of this House of these people who come here claim-
ing to be represented, I venture to say will carry
a chill and a sorrow to„ their hearts greater than
anything that you, in your more favorable and
happy condition, will be able to conceive of.
I listened to the speech of the honorable gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] 1 confess,
with something of the admiration with which we
are told,by Juvenal, I believe, the old Roman
suitor listened to the effort of his counsel, who
went into large discourse on the slaughter of Can-
nae and the perfid y of Hannibal, but barely touched
upon his three little kids, the subject-matter of the
suit. The gentleman gave us a fine, a splendid
philippic upon executive usurpation and upon the
atrocities of Federal rule m the city of New Or-
leans; but he had very little to say upon what I
supposed was the question before us—whether
Messrs. Hfihn and Flanders did or did not in fact
represent the people of the first and second dis-
tricts of Louisiana. That is the question that we
must come to. What is the test by which an elec-
tion is to be determined? Unquestionably the bal-
lo^-box. It is the action of the electors there that
must decide'. Sweep away all your sophistries,
your cobwebs, .your fine-spun theories and tech-
nical arguments. You must go to the ballot-box
and count outthe honest votes of the honest and
qualified electors. That is the voice to which we
must listen, and that is the only voice that we
may properly listen to—the autocratic voice of
the people speaking as sovereigns.
Now, it is asserted here, on the one side, and is
not denied on the other, that the elections in the
first and second districts in Louisiana were fairly
conducted; that the ballot-boxes were left undis-
turbed; that there was no interposition; that sev-
eral candidates canvassed the districts, and pre-
sented their respective claims to the electors as
best they might, and that neither the military nol-
an ybody else interposed to prevent a free exercise
of the elective franchise. That is asserted on the
one side, and it is not seriously controverted on
the other, as I understand the argument. What
else do we want? What but the most carping,
captious, and caviling disposition could ask more?
The Constitution provides that "the times,places,
and manner for holding elections for Senators and
Representatives shall be prescribed in each State
by the Legislature thereof." That has all been
done by the Legislature of Louisiana. I under-
stand that all those forms have been observed. I
do not*understand that that was seriously called
in question by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] yesterday, in answer to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.MENZiEs.]
But what is the objection ? Why, itis said that
the election was held pursuant to the proclama-
tion of a military governor. Suppose it had been
held in pursuance of no proclamation at all; sup-
pose the people, by concert and general under-
standing, had assembled on a specified day and
had cast their votes for Representatives in this
Congress. Let me illustrate my supposition by
a case that might possibly arise. Suppose the
gentleman from Indiana, in his patri«ti« zeal for
the flag of his country,should, upon ^adjourn-
ment of this Congress, go-into the field to meet
the enemies of that flag, and should, as many'
another gallant and noble spirit has done, fall
fighting beneath it. His seat here would then
be vacant. By elections yet to take place the
next House may be so nicely balanced that on#
vote, one way or the other, may determine itS
political complexion, and give one party or the
other the organization of the House, and the ad-
vantage which that organization invariably car-
ries with it. And suppose the chief executiveof
his State, in order to deprive thegentleman'scon-
stituents of a representative, and to give his own
political friends control of the organization ofthd
House, should disregard the duty imposed upon
him by the Constitution of the United States and
refuse to issue a proclamation for an election to
fill the vacancy, and the constituency, determ-
ined not to be thus divested of their rights, should
assemble and elect a successor, and he should
present his credentials here and demand a sea'taS
their representative: I ask the gentleman, 1 ask
every candid man in this House, is there a single
member on this floor who would say he was not
entitled so to represent them? Itis the ballot-box,
the voice of the people, that is to be regarded.
The regulations thrown around it by the Consti-
tution are the mode of conserving our rights, and
not of defeating our rights.
But allow mo to ask upon what principle we
can go behind the election of these members to in-
quire into the tenure by which Governor Shepley
holds the position of Governor of the State of
Louisiana. These men come here as the repre-
sentatives of the people of the first and second dis-
tricts of Louisiana, not as the representatives of
Governor Shepley. They are in no sense the rep-
resentatives of the Governor of Louisiana. They
are the representatives of the people. The lan-
guage of the Constitution is that " the House of
Representatives shall consist of members chosen
every second year by the people of the Several
States." It is as the representatives of the people
that these gentlemen present themselves. The
action of the Governor is merely incidental and
preliminary to the action of the people; and I ask
whether we can inquire collaterally into the tenure
by which he holds his office.
Something has been said about the military gov-
ernor of my own State; and permit me to remark
that the military governor of Tennessee was the
first one appointed. He was appointed on full con-
ference and consultation with those Union men of
Tennessee who were then at thecapital, not except-
ing one who presides with dignity and distinction
in another and coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment. Tht Governor of Tennessee had abdicated.
The Legislature, and, to a large extent, the judi*
ciary, had abandoned the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States, and had forsworn their obligations to
it; still the people of Tennessee had laws and a
constitution. The State was still a member of the
Union, and had a right so to remain. The ques-
tion was whether the people of Tennessee were
to be resolved into a state of anarchy, to be denied
the privileges of the laws under which, up to the
time of the rebellion, they had lived ? Rights of
inheritance, titles, conveyances, contracts, all thS
various interests of civilized society—were they
to be left unprotected ? Were the laws that had
been made for their government to be utterly cast
aside, and all rights to be disregarded, so that the
people might go and snatch again at everything
on which they could lay their hands, as though
society were resolved into its original elements,and
all things were once more in common ? Or were we
to provide some means by which our rights could
be preserved ? A military governor was appointed
for that State. He has acted, to all intents and
purposes, as the Governor ofTennessee—an office
which lie had formerly held for four years by the
election of the people—appointing judges to fill
vacancies where they could not be filled by elec-
tions, issuing commissions, and in every other
way performing all the duties of Governor.
Now, let me put a case to the gentleman fronS
Indiana, [Mr. Vooriiees.] Suppose a record
comes from a court in the State of Tennessee and
is the foundation of a suit m the courts of Indi-
ana, or is introduced as a piece of evidence on a'
judicial trial in that State: would the gentleman'
insist that he could go behind the verified record
of the proceeding* and inquire into the tenure by
