206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
or to be entitled, in any lottery, scheme, or game I
of hazard or chance, heieafter to be drawn, to any
"prize or portion of a prize or sum of money, or
share thereof, or other article of value, or any
portion or share thereof, when such ticket, frac-
tional part of a ticket, policy of numbers, token,
certificate, or device, shall not exceed one dollar
in the amount risked, or in the retail price there-
of, fifty cents, (50;) when such ticket, fractional
part of a ticket, policy, token, certificate, or de-
vice, shall exceed one tjoll&r in the amount risked,
or in the retail price thereof, then for each and
every dollar, or fractional part thereof, over and
above one dollar, as before mentioned, an addi-
tional fifty cents, (50:) Providedf however, That^
no stamp duty herein provided for shall be con-
strued to authorize any lottery, or the sale of any
lottery tickets, tokens, or certificates, represent-
ing snares or fractional parts of shares therein,
■within any State or Territory of the United States
in which lotteries or the sale of lottery tickets is
or shall be specially prohibited by the laws there-
of, or in violation of the laws of any State or Ter-
ritory; and nothing in this act shall be held or
construed so as to prevent the several States,
within the limits thereof, from placing a duty,
tax, or license, for State purposes, on any sale of
lottery tickets on which a duty is required to be
paid by this act."
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son or persons, firm, company, or corporation,
who shall issue tickets or contracts of insurance
against fatal or non-fatal injury to persons while
traveling by land or water, shall pay a duty of one
percentumon the grossamountof all the receipts
for such insurance, and shall be subject to all the
provisions and regulations of existing law appli-
cable thereto, in relation to insurance companies:
Provided, That no stamp duty shall be required
upon tickets or contracts of insurance as afore-
said, when limited to fatal or non-fatal injury to
persons while traveling.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That all con-
tracts for the purchase or sale of gold or silver coin,
bullion, and all contracts for the loan of money
or currency secured by pledge or deposit, or otfter
disposition of gold or silver coin of the United
States, ir to be performed after a period exceed-
ing three days, shall be in writing or printed,and
signed by the parties or their agents or attorneys;
and shall have one or more adhesive stamps, as
provided in the act to which this is an amendment,
equal in amount to one half of one per centum and
interest at the rate of six per centum per annum
on the amount so loaned, pledged, or deposited.
And if any such loan, pledge, or deposit, made
for a peiiod not exceeding three days, shall be
renewed or in any way extended for any time
whatever, said loan, pledge, or deposit, shall be
subject to the duty imposed on loans exceeding
three days. And no loan of currency or money
on the security of gold or silver coin of the Uni-
ted States, as aforesaid, or of any certificate or
other evidence of deposit payable in gold or silver
coin, shall be made exceeding in amount the par
value of the coin pledged or deposited as secur-
ity; and any such loan so made, or attempted to
be made, shall be uttefly void: Provided, That if
gold or silver coin be Ion tied at its par value it
shall be subject only to the duty imposed on other
loans: Provided, however, That nnthing herein
contained shall apply to any transaction by or
with the Government of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all con-
tractu, loans, or sales of gold and silver coin and
bullion, not made in accordance with this act, shall
be wholly and absolutely void; and in addition
to the penalties provided in the act to which this
is an amendment, an v party to said contract may,
at any time within one year from the date of the
contract, bring suit before any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction to recover back, for his own usp
and benefit, the money paid on any contract not
made in accordance with this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That section
one hundred and ten be, and hereby is, amended
as follows: "Any memorandum, check, receipt,
or other written or printed evidence of an amount
of money to be paid on demand, or at a time des-
ignated, shall be considered as a promissory note
within the meaning of that section, and shall be
stamped^ac'eordingly;" and that Schedule B, fol*
lowing said section be, and is hereby, amended
so that any inland bill of exchange,draft, or order •
for the payment of any sum of money exceeding
twenty dollars, otherwise than at sight or on de-
mand, and any promissory note shall (in lieu of
the duties prescribed in Schedule B) have a stamp
or stamps affixed thereon denoting a duty, upon
every sum of two hundred dollars or any frac-
tional part thereof, if payable on demand or at
any time not exceeding thirty-three days, includ-
ing the grace from the date or sight, of one cent,
(01.)
If payable at any time not less than thirty-three
days as aforesaid, and not exceeding sixty-three
days, including the grace, from date or sight, of
two cents, (02 )
if payable at any time not less than sixty-three
days,as aforesaid,and notexceedingninety-three
days, including the grace, from date or sight, of
three cents, (03.)
If payable at any time not less than ninety-three
days,as aforesaid,and not exceeding four months
from date or sight and grace, of four cents, (04.)
If payable at any time not less than four
months, as aforesaid, and not exceeding six
months from date or sight, or grace, of six cents,
(°6-) . -
If payable at any time exceeding six months
from date or sight and grace, of ten cents, (10.)
And that Schedule B, following section one hun-
dred and ton be,and is hereby, further amended,
so that the stamp duty on certificates of any other
•description than those specified in said schedule,
in lieu of ten cents as therein prescribed, shall be
five cents, (05.)
On passage tickets by any vessel from a port of
the United States to a foreign port, costing thirty
dollars or less, fifty cents, (50.)
On any power of attorney for the sale or trans-
fer of any scrip or certificate of profits or memo-
randum, showing an interest in the profits or ac-
cumulations of any corporation or association, if
for a sum not exceeding fifty dollars, ten cents,
(10.)
On any poiicyof insurance orotherinstrument.
by whatever name the same shall be called, by
which insurance shall be made or renewed upon
property of any description whether against per-
ils by sea, or by fire, or other peril of any kind,
made by any insurance company or its agents, or
by any other company or person in which the
premium or assessment shall not exceed ten dol-
lars, ten cents, (10.)
On any bill of sale by which any ship or ves-
sel or any part thereof shall be conveyed to or
vested in any other person or persons when the
consideration shall not exceed five hundred dol-
lars, there shall be affixed a stamp or stamps de-
noting a duty of twenty-five cents, (25.)
If the consideration exceeds five hundred and
does not exceed one thousand dollars, the duty
shall be fifty cents, (50.)
If the consideration exceeds one thousand dol-
lars, for each and every additional amountof one
thousand dollars, or any fractional part thereof,
in excess of one thousand dollars, the duty in
addition shall be fifty cents, (50.)
On each and every assignment or transfer of a
mortgage, lease, or policy of insurance, a stamp
duty shall bo paid equal to that imposed on the
original instrument.
Any power of attorney, conveyance, or docu-
ment of any kind made, or purporting to be made,
in any foreign country to be used in the United
States, shall pay the same duty as is required by
law on similar instruments or documents when
made or issued in the United States; and the party
to whom the same is issued or by whom it is to
be used, shall, before using the same, aflix there-
on the stamp or stamps indicating the duty re-
quired.
Any mortgage or personal bond for the pay-
ment of money, or as security for the payment of
any definite or certain sum of money, in lieu of
the duties imposed as prescribed in Schedule B,
following the one hundred and tenth section, shall
have a stamp or stamps affixed thereon denoting
a duty upon every sum of two hundred dollars,
or any fractional part thereof, of ten cents, (10.)
No conveyance, deed, mortgage, oi writing,
whereby any lands, tenements, realty, or other
property shall be sold, graated, assigned or other-
wise conveyed, or shall be made as security for
the payment of any sum of money, shall be re-
quired to pay a stamp duty of more than the sum
of one thousand dollars, anything to the contrary
notwithstanding.
No stamp duty shall be required on powers of
attorney or any other paper relating to applica-
tions for bounties, arrearages of pay, or pensions,
or to the receipt thereof from time to time; or in-
demnityawarded for depredations and injuries by
certain bands of Sioux Indians; nor on any war-
rant of attorney accompanying a bond or note,
when such bond or note shall have affixed thereto
the stamp or stamps denoting the duty required;
and whenever any bond or note shall be secured
by a mortgage but one stamp duty shall be re-
quired to lie placed on such papers: Provided,
That thestamp duty placed thereon is tlie highest
rate required forsaid instrumentsoreitherofthem;
nor on certificates of the measurement or weight
of animals, wood, coal, or other articles; nor on
deposit notes to mutual insurance companies for
insuiance upon which policies subject to stamp
duties have been,or are to be,issued; noron any
certificate of the record of a deed or other instru-
ment in writing, or of the acknowledgment or
proof thereof by attesting witnesses.
The duty or stamps required for transportation
by express companies and others is hereby re-
pealed, and such transportation shall be exempt
from stamp duty.
That the stamp duty on a contract oragreement
for the charter of any ship, or vessel, or steamer,
as now provided for in Schedule B,or any letter,
memorandum, or other writing between the cap-
tain, master, or owner, or person acting as agent
of any ship, or vessel, or steamer, and any other
person or persons for or relating to the charter of
such ship, or vessel, or steamer, if the registered
tonnage of such ship, or vessel, or steamer does
not exceed one hundred and fifty tons, shall be
one dollar, ($1.)
Exceeding one hundred and fifty tons and not
exceeding three hundred tons, three dollars, ($3.)
Exceeding three hundred tons and not exceed-
ing six hundred tons, five dollars, ($5.)
Exceeding six hundred tons, ten dollars, ($10.)
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue be, and he is here-
by, authorized to prescribe such method for the
cancellation of stamps asa substitute for or in ad-
dition to the method now prescribed by law, as
he may deem expedient and effectual. And he is
further authorized, in his discretion, to make the
application of such method imperative upon the
manufacturers of proprietary articles, and upon
stamps of a nominal value exceeding twenty-five
cents each.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the passage of this act any person or per-
sons owning or possessing, or having the care or
management of any canal company, or canal nav-
igation, or slack-water corporation, or turnpike
companies, being indebted for any sum or sums
of money for which bonds or other evidences of
indebtedness have been issued, payable in one or
more years after date, upon which interest is, or
shall be stipulated to be paid, or coupons repre-
senting the interest, shall be or shall have been
issued to be paid; and all dividends in scrip or
money, or sums of money thereafter declared due
or payable to stockholders of any canal naviga-
tion, or siackwater or turnpike company, as part
of the earnings, profits, or gains of said compa-
nies, shall be subject to and pay a duty of three
per centum on the amount of all such interest, or
coupons, or dividends, whenever the same shall
be paid; and said canal companies, or canal nav-
igation, or slack-water corporations, or turnpike
companies, or any person or persons owning,
possessing, or having the care or management
of any canal company, or canal navigation, or
slack-water corporation, or turnpike company,
are hereby authorized and required to deduct and
withhold from all payments made to any person,
persons, or party, after the first day of July, as
aforesaid, on accountof any interest, or coupons,
or dividends due and payable, as aforesaid, the
said duty or sum of three per centum; and the
duties deducted, as aforesaid, and certified by the
, president or other proper officer of said company
er corporation, shall be a receipt aii'tl discharge,
