1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOl
mt
iugiy than full liberty of speech; but the Commons felt its
lull inipoi r.anot", and strugsilod manfully and perseveiinsly
to secure it."—Creasy. pp" 250-263.
1 am net willing heedlessly, or for the doubt-
ful advantage of an hour, to give up or to throw
doubt upon ihe interpretation of any one of those
provisions, to secure some of which at least full
many a statesman, in another hemisphere, will-
ingly endured the dungeon.or the scaffold.
The Constitution has fixed the mode by which
rrvmbeis shall be elected to this body. The time,
place, and manner, are to be determined by the
Legislature of the State; but Congress may make
oi alter the regulations. It is a legislative power
only. When the President assumes it, u is, how-
ever well designed, usurpation.
The loyal people of the dishicts in Louisiana
which art; under our authority hare a right to be
represented in this body. The laws of Louisiana
fixing the time, place, and manner of electing Rep-
resentatives to Congress, though unrepealed, uie
deprived of efficacy by the abdication of their func-
tions by the officers chat ged with the execution
of them. Representatives cannot, therefore, at
present be elected under them. It is hence the sol-
emn duty of Congress to enact a law to meet the
emergency; and, indeed, to provide for allsimilar
cases. if it shall do so, the people can be speed-
ily represented in a constitutional way, and the
rights and privileges of this House be preserved.
Of the loyalty and elevated character of the two
gentiemen who are claiming seats from Louisi-
ana, i have no doubt. From the majouties which
they leceived, if the elections were conducted
freely, I am obliged to infer thatif Congress shall
provide for a new and valid election, they would,
without difficulty and with little delay, hereturned
to this House. The fidelity which they bear to
the Constitution should make them leas inclined
to claim seats heie through any infraction ofthat
instrument. They should be willing, as 1 believe
they will be, to awa.it the passage of an act by
Congress prescribing the mode of holding a valid
election.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is not a question whether
the President has the right to prescribe the man-
ncrof holding elections. That is done by the State
of Louisiana." It is a case wl^ere the election has
been interfered with; where the people have been
interfered with, and deprived of their i ight of hold-
ing an election. The question is whether, when
we have guarantied to them that right, we are not
bound to see that they have u. That is the point.
Air. POUTER. 1 will advert presently to the
clause in the Constitution to which I suppose the
gentleman iefcrs,and shall endeavor to show that
it has no application to the present case.
The elections in question were not held at the
time fixed by the law of Louisiana, nor any other
law.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has said that
they held their election at a different time con-
templated by the Louisiana statute. The gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. PORTER. Then I have been misled by
your report.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is misled hy
his own argument. The law of Louisiana pro- |
vides for tilling a vacancy occasioned by death or j
otherwise, oi by omission, by the prevention of j
an election at the regular time, on the Governor )
calling an election by proclamation. I
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. By the leave of my :
colleague, 1 will put to the chairman of the Com- j
nut tee of Elections [Mr. Datvus] this question: j
suppose by the geneial laws of a State, as is fre- j
quently the case, the election is fixed for the fall, j
several months after tho term has commenced in 1
Maich. and an extra session of Congress is called ]
in the interim—can the Governor, i-n such a case, ;
(which is a tusus omissus of the law) issue his 1
proclamation for a special election; and if so, for <
what term would the person elected serve—for the ij
whole Cougi' ss,or until superseded by members j'
chosen at the iceneial election ? That case was de- ;
eidi'd twenty yiars ago, in the case of Claiborne i
and Ghoison of Mississippi. i
Mr. DAWES. That was because theie was
no law of Mississippi authorizing any such thing. :
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. That can make no i
difference; nor does it appear that there was not j
authority by the laws of Mississippi to iasue a
proclamation when vacancies have happened; but
the decision of the Mouse of Representatives then
was, that when the office wa's unfilled, either by
an omission of the law or by non-action of the
voters, it was not competent for the Governor to
fill it by proclamation.
Mr. DAWES. Thi s provision is in the statute
of Kentucky, f believe that it is not the case in
Maryland. 1 understand that there is no provis-
ion of law for the case ot an extra session of Con-
gress after the 4th of March next, and previous
to the election.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. We have been elected by a law providing
for a special election.
Mr. DAWES. Then Maryland is like Ken-
tucky and Louisiana in that regard.
Mr. PORTER. I wtli resume the floor. The
gentleman from Massachusetts says that the claim-
ants were elected in pursuance of the provisions
of secti on thirty-three of the act of the Legislature
of Louisiana, which provides that—
"In case of vacancy byd-'aih or otherwise in The s^aid
office ot* Representative between the geneial elections, it
shall be the dutj of the Governor, bv proclamation, to eau*e
an election to be held according to lawtofill the vacancy."
Can it be possible that thp gentleman maintains
that these ejections are valid under that provision ?
I think I have shown, by satisfactory historical
citation, that the clause in the Constitution touch-
ing the time, place, and manner of electing Rep-
resentatives was 'meant, m part, as a safeguard
against the power of the President. Can it be
possible that a military a^ent, a commandant ap-
pointed by the President, assuming the title of mil-
itary governor of Louisiana,, but not professing to
derive any authority from the constitution of that
State or from the people thereof, can be regarded
as the executive authority of the-State under that
.section or under the second section of the first
article of the Federal Constitution ? It is tiiflmg
with the good sense of the House to aigue such a
proposition. Let us see to what it would lead.
The Federal Constitution does, indeed, provide
that when vacancies happen in the representation
from any State, the "executive thereof" shall
issue writs of election to fill them. ' It also pro-
vides that when vacancies happen', by resignation
or otherwise, in the seats of Senators, during the
recess of the Legislature of any State, the <vex-
ecutive thereof" may make temporary appoint-
ments, until the next meeting of the Legislature.
Will it be argued that a military governor ap-
pointed by the PtesideM as General Sheploy was,
may appoint Senators ofthe United States? That
would indeed be allowing a President more am-
bitious than the present incumbent of the office
dangerous powers indeed. That would indeed
be akin to the power of the king to "add at his
will new members to its Upper House, by creat-
ing peers."
Sir, the so-called military governor of Louisiana
is merely a military commandant, appointed to aid
in suppressing domestic insurrection. He cannot,
in any proper sense, be called the governor of the
State, because the constitution and laws of Lou-
isiana provide how a governor shall be appointed;
namely, by means of a popular election. He may,
indeed, as a military officer of the United States,
exert some of the powers that the Governor of
Louisiana was capable of exerting under the State
constitution, but that is merely an accident.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman explain
what becomes of the civil rights of the people of
Louisiana ?
Mr. PORTER. 1 suppose from the question
now put and one ptopounded a short time since,
and from his speech, that the gentleman from
Tennessee means to direct my attention to the
clause m the Federal Constitution which declares
that " the United States shall guaranty to every
Suite in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment." But that can have no bearing upon the
question under discussion. What is the meaning
of that provision ? Cleaily, it relates to States, in |
connection merely with their State functions, and ;
not in connection with their relations to the Fed- i
era! Government. It leaves the constitutional pro- I
vision concerning the time, place, and manner of '
holding elections for Representatives in Congress
unaffected. The guarantee is to every State. It
is the duty of the United States to prohibit the
exercise of authority under any other form ofgov-
ernment in the State, and to remove all obstruc-
tions to the maintenance or restoration of the
republican form.
la Louisiana the constitution and the laws in
existence when the rebellion broke out rewaiU'
unchanged, but there are no agents to give efficacy.
to them, th'ose who were invested with official an-'
thority having by the act of rebellion, disavowing
the Government of the United States and claiming
to live under another government, abdicated their*
offices. It is the duty of the United States,tp
lemove all impediments in the way of the loyal-
people which prevent them from enjoying the
benefits of their State constitution and law? as,
they existed before tlje rebelliou. Possibly, to
facilitate this, it might exert a limited power to
set the machinery of the State government in mo-
tion?
But it is the policy of the Constitution to allow
as little interference by the Federal Government
with the institutions of a State as is consistent
with the maintenance of the Federal relation,
it might possibly be proper, under particular cir-
cumstances, toappoint the subordinate officers re-
quisite to call the primary elections and to fix the
rimes for them; to touch the spring that might set
the first wheel going, that the impulse might be
communicated from one to another till the whole
machinery should be in motion. But it would be
monstrous to maintain that the Federal Govern-
ment could appoint all the officers of the State,
governor, judges, membersoftheLcgislature,&c.,
because so soon as the incipient machinery of the
Slate should be set in motion the people could
speedily choose these important officers in the way
provided by their constitution and laws. Whether
this view, however, be right or wrong, is not at
all important in the present discussion.
The validity of these elections is argued upon
another ground, namely, that there was a volun-
tary assemblage of the people, by common con-
currence, to elect Representatives m Congress;
that they pioceeded as nearly as possible accord-
ing to the requirements of the State laws to make
a choice; and that there has since been a general
acquiescence in the selection. If this were strictly
true, still the election could not be supported, be-
cause " the times, place.?, and manner of holding
elections for Representatives shall be prescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may at any time by law make or alter such
regulations;" provided that "when vacancies hap-
pen in the representation from any State, the
executive thereof shall issue writs of election to
fill them." Exj>re<>sio uniux exchisio alterius est.
Hut what evidence is there that there was a free
and voluntary election by loyal citizens, anxious
to reestablish their former leiations with the Fed-
eral Government by selecting Representatives the
most acceptable to themselves to the Congress of
the United States? I wish I could believe that
there had been such an election, evincive of tho
restoration to loyalty of the city of New Orleans.
Byt independently of what we know concerning
the disloyalty of a very great part of the inhabit-
ants, it seems to me that the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections exhibits plainly the mottve
which drew them to the polls, and shows the
moral coercion under which they voted. Here is
a part of the proclamation of the military gov-
ernor:
"Now, therefore, T, George F. Fhcpley, milttarv gov-
ernor of the State ot .Louisiana, fur tnc purpose of seeming
to the loyal electors in the paris-her* composing these two
congressional dhtrfcts their appropriate and lawful repre-
sentation in the Ilou<o of llrptesentatives of the United
States of America, and of rnahlmn them to avail fhenu<eloes
of the hencjih secured by the proclamation of the President
of the United States to the people of any State, or part of
a State, who *haM, on the J*-r dny of January uevt, be in
good faith represented in the Congrei-* of the United States,
by members chosen thereto at elections whetem a majority
ofthe qualified voter-, of such Slate have participated, have
*een fit to idsue this, my proclamation,&c.
Sir, do you believe that the majority were so-
licitous to choose Representatives most agteeable
to themselves or to the President? What was the
condition of New Orleans when General Shepley's
proclamation was issued? It was under the iron
hand of military rule, as rigorously exerted as it
ordinarily is over a subjugated people, impatient
of the yoke; an authority accompanied by a sub-
stantial supersedure ofthe municipal government;
an authority not wantonly exerted, but because
it was deemed necessary to maintain the suprem-
acy ofthe Federal Government there.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has said
that nearly all the electors, except those who had
joined the Army, voted at the election. Does this
