208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Com...3d Sess.
Laum of the United States.
certificate, to the First Comptroller for his decis-
ion thereon; and the Commissioner, as aforesaid,
wb&n such accounts are settled as herein provided
for, shall transmit a copy thereof to the Secretary
ef the Treasury. He shall at all times submit
to the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comp-
troller, or either of them, the inspection of mon-
eys in his hands, and shall, prior to the entering
upon the duties of his office, execute abond,with
sufficient sureties, to he approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and by the First Comp-
troller, in a sum of not less than one hundred
thousand dollars, payable to the United States,
conditioned that said Commissioner shall faith-
fully perform the duties of his office according to
law, and shall justly and faithfully account for
and pay over to the United States, in obedience
to law and in compliance with the order or regu-
lations of the Secretary of the Treasury^ all pub-
lic motleys which may come into his hands or
possession, and for the safe-keeping and faithful
account of all stanfps, adhesive stamps, or vel-
lum, parchment or paper bearing a stamp denot-
ing any duty thereon; winch bond shall be filed
in the office of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, and such Commissioner shall, from time to
time, renew, strengthen, and increase his official
bond as the Secretary of the Treasury may di-
rect.
Sec. 19. And be it farther enacted,, That the Pres-
ident shall appoint in the Department of the Treas-
ury, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a competent person, who shall be called
the Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
with an annual salary of twenty-live hundred dol-
lars, who shall be charged with such duties in the
Bureau of Internal Revenue as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, or as may bo
required by law, and who shall act as Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue in the absence of that
officer, and exercise the privilege of franking all
letters and documents pertaining to the Office of
Internal Revenue.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may appoint not exceed-
ing three revenue agents whose duties shall be
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to aid in the prevention, detection, and pun-
ishment of frauds upon the revenue, who shall
be paid such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem just and reasonable, not ex-
ceeding two thousand dollars per annum. The
above salaries to be paid in the same manner as
are other expenses for collecting the revenue.
Sec. 2i. Andbe it farther enacted, ThatthePres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint, by and with the ad vice and
consent of the Senate, a competent person, who
"ishall be called the cashier of internal duties, with
a salary of twenty five hundred dollars, who shall
have charge of the moneys received in the office
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
shall perform such duties as may be assigned to
his office by said Commissioner, under the regu-
lations of the Secretary of the Treasury; and be-
fore entering upon his duties as cashier he shall
give a bond with sufficient sureties, to be approved
by the Secretaiy of the Treasuiy and by the So-
licitor, that he will faithfully account for all the
moneys or otherarficles of value belonging to the
United States, whie.h may come into his "hands,
and.perform ail the dutiesenjoined upon his office,
according to law and regulations, as aforesaid;
which bond shall be deposited with the First
Comptroller of the Treasury.
Sec. '22. And be it farther enacted, That, in lieu
of the pay allowed by law, the several assessors,
from the date of their appointment, shall be al-
lowed and paid a salary of fifteen hundred dol-
lars per annum, payable quarterly, and in addition
thereto, where the receipts of the collection dis-
trict shall exceed the sum of two hundred thou-
sand dollars and shall not exceed the sum of four
hundred thousand dollars annually, one half of
one per centum upon the excess ot receipts over
two hundred thousand dollars; where the receipts
of a collection district shall exceed four hundred
thousand dollais and shall not exceed eight hun-
dred thousand, one fourth of one per centum upon
the excess of receipts over four hundred thousand
dollars; where the receipts shall exceed eight
hundred thousand dollars, one tenth of one per
centum upon such excess; but the salary ot no
assessor shall in any case exceed the sum of three
thousand dollars. And the several assessors shall
be allowed atid paid the sums actually expended
for office rent, not exceeding the rate of five hun- {
dred dollars per annum. The Commissioner of j
Internal Revenue, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, is authorized to allow
each assessor such clerks as he may deem neces-
sary for the proper transaction of business, and
to fix their compensation. Such assessors shall
also be allowed their necessary and reasonable
charges for postage actually paid on letters and
documents received or sent, and exclusively re-
lating to official business, and for stationery and
blank-books used in the execution of their du-
ties; and the compensation herein specified shall
he in full for all expenses not otherwise particu-
larly authorized. And assistant assessors shall,
in addition to pay and charges allowed by law,
also be allowed their necessary and reasonable
charges for postage actually paid on letters and
documents received or sent, and exclusively re-
lating to official business: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to fix such additional rates of com-
pensation to be made to assessors and assistant
assessors in the States of California and Oregon
and the Territories, as may appear to him to be
just and equitable in consequence of the greater
cost of living and traveling in those States and
Territories, and as may, in his judgment, be ne-
cessary to secure the services of competent and
•efficient men; Provided further, That the rates of
compensation thus allowed shall not exceed the
rates paid to similar officers in such States and
Territories, respectively.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That assist-
ant assessor# shall make out their accounts for
pay and charges allowed by law monthly, speci-
fying each item and including the date of each day
of service, and shall transmit the same to the as-
sessor of the district, who shall thereupon exam-
ine the same, and, if it appear just and in accord-
ance with lasv, he shall indorse his approval
theieon, but otherwise shall return the same with
objections. Any such account so approved may
be presented by the assistant assessor to the col-
lector of the district for payment, who shall there-
upon pay the same, and, when receipted by the
assistant assessor, be allowed therefor upon pre-
sentation to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Where any account, so transmitted to the
assessor, shall be objected to, in whole or in part,
the assistant assessor may appeal to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, whose decision on the
case shall be final; and should it appear, at any
time, that any assessor has willfully and corruptly
approved any account, as aforesaid, allowing any
assistant assessor a sum larger than was due ac-
cording to law, it shall be the duty of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, upon proper proof
thereof, to deduct the sum so allowed from any
pay which may be due to such assessor; or the
commissioner as aforesaid may direct a suit to be
biought in any court of competent jurisdiction
against the assessor or assistant assessor in de-
fault, for the recovery of the amount willfully and
corruptly allowed, as hereinbefore mentioned.
Sec 24. And be it farther enacted, That if any
person or persons shall knowingly exercise or
carry on any trade or business, for the exercising
or carrying on of which trade or business a license
i"5 required, without taking out such license as is
in that behalf required, he, she, or they shall, for
every such offense, upon conviction thereof* in
lieu of or in addition to othei pei alties now im-
posed by law, at the discretion of the court, be
subject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
two years.
Sec. 25. And be it farther enacted, That no auc-
tioneer shall be authorized, by virtue of his license
as such auctioneer, to sell any goods or other
property in any other district than that in which
i the licence shall have been granted; but lawyers, j
i; physicians, surgeons, or dentists, having taken :
| out a license as such, shall not be required to take j
out any additional license in consequence of prac- 1
ticing their profession within or beyond the limits |
of the district where licenced. j
Sec. 26. And be it farther enacted, Th'at, upon J
i the removal of any person or persons from the ll
house or premises at which he, she, or they were
authorized by license to exercise or carry on any
trade or business mentioned in such license, and
authorized by the act to which this act is an
amendment, it shall and may be lawful for the
person ov persons authorized to grant licenses to
authorize and empower, by indorsement on such
license or otherwise, as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue shall direct, the person or persons
so i#moving, as aforesaid, to any other place, to
carry on the trade or business specified in such
license at the place to which such person or per-
sons may have removed, for or during the residue
of the term for which such license was originally
granted, without taking out any fresh license or
payment of any additional duty or any fee there-
upon for the residue of such term, and until the
expiration thereof: Provided always, That a fresh
entry of the premises at which such trade or busi-
ness shall continue to be so exercised or carried
on, as aforesaid, shall thereupon be made by and
in the name or names of the person or person#
to whom such authority, as aforesaid, shall be
granted.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son who shall offer for sale, after the thirtieth of
September,eighteen hundred and sixty-three,any
of the articles named in schedule C of the act to
which this act is an amendment, whether the ar-
ticles so offered are imported, or are of foreign or
domestic manufacture, shall be deemed the man-
ufacturer thereof, and subject to all the duties, lia-
bilities, and penalties in said act imposed in regard
to the sale of such articles without the use of the
proper stamp or stamps, as in said act is required.
Sec. 28. And be it farther enacted, That all med-
icines, preparations, compositions, perfumery,
and cosmetics, intended for exportation, as pro-
vided for in section one hundred and nine of the
act to which this act is an amendment, in order
to be manufactured and sold or removed, without
being charged with duty, and without having a
stamp affixed thereto, may, under such rules and
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, be made and manufactured in ware-
houses known and designated in Treasury regu-
lations as bonded warehouses class two: Provided9
Such manufacturer shall first give satisfactory
bonds to the Collector of Internal Revenue for the
faithful observance of the rules and regulations
herein provided for, in amount not less than half
required by the regulations of the Secretai y of the
Treasury from persons allowed bonded ware-
houses class two. Such goods, when manufac-
tured in such warehouses, may be removed for
exportation, under the direction of the revenue
officer having charge thereof, without being
charged with duty, and without having a stamp
affixed thereto. Any manufacturer of thcarticlea
aforesaid, or of any of them, having such bonded
warehouse as aforesaid, shall be at libertysunder
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, to convey therein any
materials to be used in such Manufacture which
are allowed by the provisions of the said act to
be exported free from tax or duty,as well as the
necessary materials, implements, packages, ves-
sels, brands, and labels for the preparation, put-
ting up, and export of the said manufactured ar-
ticles; and every article so used shall be exempt
from stamp and excise duty. Articles and ma-
terials so to be used may be transferred from any
bonded warehouse in which the same may be,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, into any bonded ware-
house, class two, in which such manufacture may
be conducted, and may be used in such manufac-
ture, and when so used, shall be exempt from
stamp and excise duty; and the receipt of the
officer of the revenue in charge shall be received
as a voucher for the manufacture of such articles.
Any materials imported into the United^States
may, under such rules as the Secretary o'f the
Treasury may prescribe, and under the direction
of the proper officer of the customs, be removed
in original packages from on shipboard, or from
the bonded warehouses in which the same may
be, into the bonded warehouse, class two, in
which such manufacture may be carried on for
the purpose of being used in such manufacture,
without payment of duties thereon, and may there
be used in such manufacture. No article so
