1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Legislature of the State of Louisiana has by law
declared that no person shall be a qualified elector
■within that State who does not take the oath of
allegiance, not only to the State of Louisiana—
which was wellenough in itself—but the oath of
allegiance to that infernal organization known as
the confederate States of America.
Mr. DAWES. Not quite that. That had ref-
erence to New Orleans; but it may amount to
that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am obliged to the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections for calling my
attention to the language or meaning of the enact-
ment. I never saw it, save in the committee's* re-
port; but I have no doubt the committee quote it
correctly. I think the chairman is correct in his
impression when he says if amounts to that. It
unquestionably does amount to-that. They have
provided, and so the committee haveieported, that
no electors shall be registered unless they take the
oath to support the constitution of the State and
the constitution of (he confederate States.
Mr. DAWES. That was a registry applying
to the city of New Orleans, and not to the State.
I want to ask the gentleman if he considers that a
constitutional and valid act?
Mr. BINGHAM. No , sir; not as against the
Federal Government or the loyal citizens of the
United States.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman, too,
whether he is not in the habit of holding an un-
constitutional act as of no force at all?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 agree that it is of no force
as against the Federal Government or the loyal
citizens of the United States. 1 desire to make this
statement, however, about that provision, that so
far as the State of Louisiana is concerned, that act
repealed the preexisting law upon the subject of
elections and substituted a new law for it, and put
into it the provision which I have quoted as to
the qualification of electors.
I desire to say fuither of that provision, that it
is not directory as are the provisions of the origi-
nal act for a registry of voters. I do not see how
any man can come to any other conclusion than
that it is a declaration of the Legislature of the
State of Louisiana that no person shall be regis-
tered, and, therefore, no person shall be a qualified
elector within the registration districtsofthatState
who docs not take an oath to support the confed-
erate States of America; in other words, who does
not take an oath to support the confederation of
thieves and traitors who hold their high counsels
to-day in Richmond.
Now, I agree with the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Elections that this provision of j
the State law is void, so far as it touches the ;
rights of any loyal citizen under the Federal Con-
stitution. Thank God! such is the wisdom, scope,
and effect of the Federal Constitution, that though
hand joins with hand to overthrow the rights of
the loyal minority in any State, the humblest
citizen who is true to his fealty is secure in his
rights as a citizen of the Federal Republic under
the guarantees of the Constitution, despite the
conspiracy against him by the majority in his
own State. Does any one, 1 respectfully inquire,
disagree with me in this conclusion ? But how
can a loyal minority in an insurgentState, whose
local government is disorganized,elect Represent-
atives to Congress ? All must agree that there
can be no State organization; there can he no State
government; there can be no State legislative en-
actments by which Federal Representatives may
be elected under the Federal Constitution save by |j
the act of the people of the State. Who is there ij
here to deny that proposition? \\
Mi'* LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman mean !j
that it requires the action of all the loyal people (i
of a Stale to entitle any portion of the loyal ij
people to a Representative here' ||
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; that is not my o
proposition. 1 sajd no such thing. My prop-
osition is, that there can be no State legislation 1
under which Representatives m the Federal Con-
gress can be chosen,except that State legislation 'j
originates with the people resident within the !
State. 1 have said already that rebels m anus j;
have no right of representation, but those who
r< sist rebellion in an insurgent State, and are ■,
sufficiently numeious to support a constitutional
State government, and d& suppoit it, aie entitled ji
to representation in Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Do I understand 'i
the gentleman to argue that if the Legislature of
a State fails to piovide the mode and manner of
an election for Congress, or if the Governor re-
fuses to order an election, the people are dis-
franchised, and can have no representation here?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir;- i have stated the
very contrary of that; but I have stated that they
; can have no 'representation except in pursuance
| of Federal law or State law. That is my position
' exactly.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then if both the
State Legislature and Congress fail to provide the
time, manner, and mode of election, the people arc
disfranchised ?
| Mr. BINGHAM. I have already intimated
| that they are not disfranchised, but cannot exer-
| cise their right to elect Representatives to Con-
gress without a law of their own Legislature or
of Congress. If those chosen m a State as its
Representatives prove disloyal, unfaithful to their
trust, and turn traitors and engage in conspiiacy
against the rights of the people of the State and
ot the whole country, then, in the language of the
Declaration, " the power of legislation, incapable
of annihilation, returns to the people;" but they
must execute it iirst, assert their power of legisla-
tion if they would provide for an election of Fed-
eral Representatives in the absence of a law of
Congress. Have they done it?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman contest
the point that this is the action of the loyal people
in Louisiana ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I have not con-
tested that point at all, for I know nothing about,
nor do I believe that any member of this House
knows anything about that. If the people of
Louisiana had, under an act of their own Legis-
lature, and by duly constituted officers of an ex-
isting State government, organized under the
Federal Constitution, held this election, I could
not doubt that such election was the lawful act
of the loyal people. But, sir, there is no organ-
ized constitutional State government in Louisi-
ana, nor was this election held under the law or
by the officers of such government of Louisi-
ana, nor under a law of Congress. I therefore
repeat my proposition: Representatives can be
elected to the Federal Legislature only in pursu-
ance of an act of the State Legislature, or of an
act of the Federal Congress. 1 wish to inquire
when there has been ony decision under (he Gov-
ernment of the United States, legislative or exec-
utive or judicial, to the contrary?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, when this Governor
was appointed for the very purpose of performing
the duties of the Governor who ought to have
been there, 1 want to ask the gentleman what
objection there is to his setting iu opeiation this
State legislation which existed when the State was
loyal ?
'Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I should like
to know of the gentleman from Illinois whence he
derived his information that the military governor
was appointed for the purpose of exercising the
legislative functions of the State?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not say that. I said
that lie was appointed to discharge the duties of
the civil Govci nor. I suppose that is so. He was
appointed by the military power, and derives the
name of" military governor''simply because thus
appointed; but the object was that he should dis-
charge the dutirsofthe Governor regularly elect-
ed. Now, why cannot he put m opeiation the
State legislation necessary to secure an election of
Representatives in Congiefss?
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know from
the gentleman under what part of the Constitution j J
this military governor was appointed to discharge |i
the ci\ il duths of the Governor of that State ? ||
Mr. DAWKS. I would like to know by what |i
provision of the Constitution a man is appointed jj
guaid to a company of rebel prisoners, as they ||
pass up Pennsylvania avenue - i!
Mr. BlNGflAM. I object to being diverted p
from the subject of inquhy. I have asked the \\
£entleman from IlhnoiN, who has raised thisques- jj
tton, whence he derived his information that any
military ^ovrnor has ever been appointed for
Louisiana to exercise the powers ot' legislation?
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 never made any such state-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the gentleman's ques-
tion was aside from my argument, which is that
a Federal R* preventative can only be elected in an
organized State; and pursuant to an act-fcfthe
Legislature of the State or of an act ofCongress.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me fqr saying that his suggestion was entirely
asideTrom my argument. What I undertake-to
say here to-day is this: that no Representative
can he elected to the Congress of th^ United States
except in pursuance of the legislation of a State,
or of the legislation of the Federal Government.
And in answer to the gentleman's suggestion,I
wish to say further that a Stale election law, whieh
by its terms requires State officer* duly qualified
to execute it, cannot be executed by a military
governor appointed by the President.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My point is this: that either
State or Federal legislation being necessary, and
there being no Federal legislation,but there being
State legislation, only no Governor to put it into
requisition, why cannot this military governor,
who was appointed for that very purpose, pot the
State legislation in operation?
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, if my excellent friend
had noticed what I said before, he would have had
no occasion to ask his question at all, because that
State legislation was repealed by the Slate Legis-
lature of Louisiana, and a provision was adopted,
to which I have already adverted, requiring every
elector in the district of Oi leans to take the oath
of allegiance to the confederate States of Amer-
ica; and for the further reason that by the terms •
neither of the original statute of Louisiana nor
of the treasonable statute of that State Legisla-
ture could the election be held by a Federal mili-
tary governor. Assuming that the original elec-
tion law of the Legislature was not repealed, it
prescribed the mariner of its execution; and while
that remains the law of the State it must be fol-
lowed until altered or repealed, and can"only right-
fully be repealed or altered by an act of Congress,
or by an act of the Legislature of Louisiana.
The Constitution of the United States settles
this. Its words arc:
'• The places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators ami Kepresentatives shall be pre-^mbed m each
State by the Legi.-lature thereof; but the CoiiarebS may at
any time, by law, make or alter *u<.*h regulations, except
as to the placu of ehoosmg Senator* "
Congress did not by law alter either of these
election statutes of Louisiana; and no Federal
military governor or other executive officer of the
United States can alter those statutes. This elec-
tion was in no respect held m the maimer pre-
scribed by either of the Louisiana statutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman must excuse
me. I want to make plain the point.
Mr. LOVEJOY. So do I.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman please
excuse me?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will let
me state—#-
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand my friend from
Illinois perfectly; and I intend to make the matter
so plain that he cannot mistake my meaning, how-
ever much he may differ with me m conclusions.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i wanttoknowif that legis-
lation is valid?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have answered the gen-
tleman's question before. As against the rights
of Fedeial citizens, the treason enactment jsvoid.
As against the Federal Government it is void. As
against the Federal Constitution it is void. But
I want to know if there is any man hei e who will
stand up in his place and say that the people of a
State may not, by law, if not of right, repeal all
their laws on the subject of election; and I want
to know how they are going to get rid of that
repeal ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood the gentleman
himself toass* rt that that repeal of legislation did
not take a State right from any citizen any more
than it did a Federal right.
Mr. BINGHAM. No man has stated that it
did. The gentleman seems at a grout ioss to un-
derstand my argument. I have said before that
the rights of legislation, being incapable of anni-
hilation, return to the people themselves and may
be exc rcised by them as a mutter of original sov-
ereignty. But who else than the oeople of Louis-
iana can restore the local legislation of Louisiana
if it has been repealed, and who but the State offi-
cers of Louisiana can execute us constitutional
statute if it has not beon repealed? Can the Fctl-
