212-
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSION A L (rLOBB.
[March 3,
37tr Cong... ,3b Sess.
Laws of the United States.
specified, nor unless said invoice be verified at
the time of making such entry by the oath or
affirmation of the owner or consignee, or the au-
thorized agent of the owner or consignee thereof,
certifying: that the said invoice and the declaration
thereon are in all respects true, and were made by
the person by whom the same purports to have
been made; nor, except as hereinafter provided,
unless the triplicate transmitted by said consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent to the collector
shall have been received by him. And if any
such owner, consignee, or agent of any goods,
wares, or merchandise, shall knowingly make, or
attempt to make, an entry thereof by means of
any false invoice, or false certificate of a consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent, or of any in-
voice which shall not contain a true statement of
all the particulars hereinbefore required, or by
means of any other false or fraudulent document
or paper, or of any other false or fraudulent prac-
tice or appliance whatsoever, said goods, wares,
and merchandise, or their value, shall be for-
feited and disposed of as other forfeitures for
violation of the revenue laws: Provided, That
where, from a change of the destination of any
such goods, wares, or merchandise, after the pro-
duction of the invoice thereof to the consul, vice
consul, or commercial agent, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, or from other cause, the triplicate trans-
mitted to the collector of the port to which such
goods, wares, or merchandise were originally
. destined, shall not have been received at the port
where the same actually airive, and where it is
desired to make entry thereof, said goods, wares,
and merchandise may be admitted to an entry on
the execution by the owner, consignee, or agent
of a bond, with sufficient security, in double the
amount of duty apparently due, conditioned for
the payment of the duty which shall be found to
be actually due thereon. And it shall be theduty
of the collector of the port where such entry shall
be made immediately to notify the consul, vice
consul, or commercial agent, to whom such in-
voice shall have been produced, to transmit to
such collector a certified copy thereof; and it shall
be the duty of such consul, vice consul, or com-
mercial as:ent to transmit the same accordingly
without delay; and said duty shall not be finally
liquidated until such triplicate, or a certified copy
thereof, shall have been received: Provided, That
such liquidation shall not be delayed longer than
eighteen months from the time of making such
entry: And provided further, That when, from ac-
cident or other cause, it shall be impracticable for
the person desiring to make entry of any goods,
wares, or merchandise, to producc, at the time of
making such entry, any invoice thereof, as here-
inbefore required, it shall be lawful for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to authorize the entry of
such goods, wares, and merchandise, upon such
terms and in accordance with such general or
special regulations as he may prescribe. And the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby invested with
the like powers of remission in cases of forfeiture
arising under this act as in other cases of for-
feitui e under the revenue laws: And provided fur-
ther, That the provisions of this act shall not ap-
ply to countries where there is no consul, vice
consul, or commercial agent of the United States;
nor shall anything herein contained be construed
to require for goods imported under the reci-
procity treaty with Groat Britain, signed June
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, any other
consular certificate than is now required by law.
And this act shall be construed only to modify
and not repeal the act of March first, eighteen
hundred and twenty-three, entitled " An act sup-
plementary to and to amend an act entitled ' An
act to regulate the collection of duties on imports
and tonnage,* passed March second, one thou-
sand seven hundred and ninety-nine,andforother
purposes;'1 and the form of oaths therein set forth
shall be modified accordingly: A)id p-ovidedfur-
ther, That the provisions of this act shall not ap-
ply to invoices of goods, wares, or merchandise
imported into any port of the United States from
any place beyond Cape Horn or the Cape of
Good Hope until the first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the So-
licitor of the Treasury, under direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall take cognizance
of all frauds or attempted frauds upon the reve-
nue, and shall exercise a general supervision over
the measures for their prevention and detection,
and for the prosecution of persons charged with
the commission thereof; and it shall be the duty
of the collectors of the several collection districts
of the United States to i-eport to him all seizures
of goods, wares, or merchandise made by them,
as soon as practicable after the same are made,
with written statements of the facts upon which
such seizures are based. And for the purpose of
enabling the Solicitor of the Treasury to perform
the duties hereby enjoined upon him, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to em-
ploy not more than three clerks, in addition to
those now assigned to the office of the Solicitor
by law, for such time and at such rates of com-
pensation as he may deem for the public interest,
and prescribe the compensation to be allowed to
such clerks, not exceeding the amount now al-
lowed to clerks of like class. Said compensation
shall be paid in the same manner as other ex-
penses of collecting the revenue.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall, by the exhibition of any false sam-
ple, or by means of any false representation or
device, or by collusion with any officer of the rev-
enue, or otherwise, knowingly effect, or aid in
effecting, an entry of any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise at less than the true weight or measure
thereof, or upon a false classification thereof as
to quality or value, or by the payment of less than
the nmountof duty legally due thereon,such per-
son shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in any
sum not exceeding five thousand dollars, or be
imprisoned not exceeding two years, or both, at
the discretion of the court.
Sec. 4. And be U further enacted, That if any
officer of the levenue shall, by collusion with any
importer or other person, or by means of any false
weight or measure, or of any false classification
as to quality or value of any goods, wares, or
merchandise, or by any other means whatever,
knowingly admit, or aid in admitting, to entry,
any such goods, wares, or merchandise, upon the
payment of less than the amount of duty legally
due thereon, or shall knowingly accept, from any
person engaged in the importation of goods, wares,
or merchandise into the United States, or inter-
ested as principal, clerk, or agent in any such im-
portation, or m the entry of any goods, wares, or
merchandise, any fee, gratuity, or emolument
whatsoever, such officer shall,on conviction there-
of, be removed from office, and shall be fined in
any sum not exceeding five thousand dollars, or
be imprisoned notexceeding two years, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That the col-
lectors of the several districts of the United States,
in all cases of seizure of any goods, wares, or
merchandise, for violation of the revenue laws,
the appraised value of which, in the district where-
in such seizure shall be made, shall not exceed
one thousand dollars, be, and they are hereby,
author ized, subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to release such goods on
payment of the apptaised value thereof.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That if any
person who shall be engaged in the importation
of goods, wares, or merchandise into the United
| States, or who shall be interested as principal,
clerk, or agent, in the entry of any goods, wares,
'I or merchandise, shall at any time make, or offer
i: to make, to any officer of the revenue, any gra-
il tuity or present of any money or other thing of
|! value, such person shall, on conviction thereof,
I! be fined in any sum not exceeding five thousand
j dollars, or be imprisoned notexceedingtwo years,
l! at the discretion of the court.
i| Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That when-
;i ever it shall be made to appear, by affidavit, to
; the satisfaction of the distnetjudge of any district
\\ within the United States that any fraud on the
!j levenue has been at any time actually committed,
\\ or attempted, by any person or persons interested
ij or in any way engaged in the importation orentry
'j of merchandise at any port within the United
|| States, said judge shall forthwith issue his war-
jj rant, directed to the collector of the port at which
j the merchandise in respect to which said alleged
!! frauds have been committed or attempted has been
l! imported or entered, directing said officer, or his
duly authorized agents or assistants, to enter any
place or premises where any invoices, books, or
papers relating to such merchandise or fraud are
deposited, and to take and carry the same away
to be inspected; and any invoices, books, or pa-
pers so received or taken shall be retained by the
officer receiving the same, for the use of the Uni-
ted States, so long as the retention thereof may
be necessary, subject to the control and direction
of the Solicitor of the Treasury.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall willfully conceal or destroy any in-
voice, book, or paper relating to any merchandise
liable to duty which has been or shall hereafter be
imported into the United States from any foreign
port or country, after an inspection thereof shall
have been demanded by the collector of any col-
lection district within the United States, pr shall
at any time conceal or destroy any such invoice,
book, or paper, for the purpose of suppressing
any evidence of fraud therein contained, such per-
son shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall,upon conviction thereof, be punished by fine
not exceeding five thousand dollars, or by impris-
onment not exceeding two years, or b^th, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That, for the
purpose of realizing as much as may properly be
done from unproductive lands,and other property
of the United States acquired under judicial pro-
ceedings or otherwise in the collection of debts,
the Solicitor of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to rent, for a period not exceeding
three years,"or sell any such lands or other prop-
erly at public sale, after advertising the time, place,
and conditions of such sale for three months pre-
ceding the same, in some newspaper published in
the vicinity thereof, in such manner and upon
such terms as may, in his judgment, be most ad-
vantageous to the public interests.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That upon a
report by a district attorney, or any special attor-
ney or agent having charge of any claim in favor
of the United States, showing in detail the con-
dition of such claim, and the terms upon which
the same may be compromised,and recommend-
ing that the same be compromised upon the terms
so offered, and upon the recommendation of the
Solicitor of the Treasury, the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to com-
promise such claim accordingly.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be taxed and paid to district attorneys two
per centum upon all moneys collected or realized
in any suit or proceeding arising under the rev-
enue laws conducted by them in which the United
Slates is a party. The act in relation to costs,
approved February twenty-sixth, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three, shall not apply to
such allowances, and the same shall be in lieu of
all costs and fees in such suit or proceedings.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That m all
suits or proceedings against collectors or other
officers of the revenue for any act done by them,
or for the recovery of any money exacted by or
paid to such officer and by him paid into the
Treasury of the United States, in the performance
of his official duty, in which any district or other at-
torney shall be directed to appear on behalf of such
officer by the Secretary or Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, or by any other proper officer of the Govern-
ment, such attorney shall be allowed such compen-
sation for his services therein as shall be certified
by the court in which such suitor proceedings
shall be had, to be reasonable and proper, and ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury; and
where a recovery shall be had in any such suit or
proceedings, and the court shall certify that there
was probable cause for the act done by the col-
lector or other officer, or that he acted under the
directions of the Secretary of the Treasury or
other proper officer of the Government, no execu-
tion shall issue against such collector or other
officer, but the amount so recovered shall, upon
final judgment, be provided for and paid out of the
proper appropriation from the Treasury.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That in all
suits or proceedings against collectors, or other
officers of the revenue, for any act done by them,
or for the recovery of any money exacted by or
paid to such officers, which shall have been paid
