866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. February 11,
to go on to-night, or will he give way to an ad-
journment ?
Mr. MENZ1ES. I will yield to anygentleman
for the purpose of making a motion to adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to appeal
to the gentleman from Kentucky, if he does not
wish to proceed to-night, to permit me to make a
short explanation in relation to the colloquy which
occurred between the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
BinohamJ and myself.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me for a privileged motion?
Mr. MENZIES. I will hear what it is.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, and I'hope it wiil
be adopted:
Resolved, That after Thursday next the House will take
a recess at four o'elock, and meet again at seven o'clock
in the afternoon, exeept 011 Saturdays, until otherwise or-
dered.
Mr. WADSWORTH, and Mr. THOMAS of
Massachusetts, objected.
Mr. MENZIES. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] who desired
me to yield the floor to him, that I do not desire
at present to yield the floor to any person unless
it be some gentleman who wishes to make a mo-
tion to adjourn. I have no doubt he will have
full opportunity hereafter to make the explana-
tion he desires.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr, DAWES. I trust the House will go so
far as to order the main question to-night. 1 think
the time of the House too valuable to be spent
longer upon this question.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. MENZIES. 1 am not afraid in this case
of making a precedent which is to be injurious in
the future, provided we decide the question cor-
rectly. I concur with the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Porter,] and the last gentleman from
Ohio who addressed the House, [Mr. Bingham,]
that we may make a serious and dangerous pre-
cedent by the manner in which this case is set-
tled; not because precedents are controlling, but
because they have a great deal of influence upon
cases of a similar character which may hereafter
arise.
If I can satisfy myself thoroughly as to the
way in which I shall vote, I will then dismiss all
fears as to the precedent. I never will vote for the
admission of any person to a seat upon this floor
unless I am thoroughly satisfied that he is here at
the instance of the loyal people of the district from
which he comes, and that their will has been ex-
pressed without undue influences from any quar-
ter. Unless the case in hand can be shown to be
a case where there was a genuine popular expres-
sion of the will of the people of the district from
which the applicants come, I would not be will-
ing to sanction this application, and I could not
be induced to sanction it, although scruples as to
the failure to comply completely with the law
might be removed.
There is 110 doubt as to one thing in regard to
this case: that in December last there were va-
cancies in the first and second congressional dis-
tricts of Louisiana. There is no doubt of another
fact: that there was no means by which the law
of Louisiana could be carried into effect—I mean
the law providing the way for fixing the day of
election. It is certainly true that according to the
law of the State of Louisianaan election to fill the
vacancies in those districts could not be held upon
any given day, unless that day was proclaimed
by the executive. And it is true that there was
110 executive, according to the laws and consti-
tution of the State of Louisiana, to perform that
duty. There may be a Governor of Louisiana
who was elected at the last regular election. There
may be an individual who claims to be the Gov-
ernor of that State; but upon the theory which 1
have adopted there was nothing which has been
done by any person in Louisiana, intending to
represent the sovereignty of that State, since the
ordinance of secession which I beheve was valid.
Therefore the rebellion had taken fiom the State
of Louisiana the Governor, and had taken,from
the people of the first and second districts of Lou-
isiana the power to have an election day accord-
ing to the laws of Louisiana. And it wiil not be
doubted—for we all know it—that the Congress
of the United States has never provided the means
by which a day of election could be fixed in those
districts; and I doubt very much, although I ad-
mit it is a debatable question, whether the Con-
gress of the United States could fix a day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is, that there is not a quorum
in the House, and it is not competent to do busi-
ness without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MENZIES resumed the floor.
Mr. WICKLTPPE. Will my colleague yield
to me to move an adjournment?
Mr. MENZIES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIPFE. I have but one eye, but
I can see well enough to be satisfied that there is
not a quorum in the Hall. I therefore move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
25, noes 23.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 11, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter uf the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting, in obedience to law, copies of his
account of receipts and disbursements for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending .Tune 30,1862; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating, in answer to a ^solu-
tion of the Senate of the 9th instant, information
touching the visit of M. Mercier to Richmond in
Apiil last; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio, protesting against the con-
struction of a ship canal in the State of Illinois,
and the enlargement of canals in the State of New
York; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, in favor of the construction
of a military railroad from Bangor, in that State,
to the St. John river, in the province of New
Brunswick; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying for the establishment
of a military road from Fort Howard, on Green
bay, to Fort Wilkms, at Copper Harbor; which
was,referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Michigan, in favor of a grant of land for the
construction of a wagon road from Copper Har-s.
bor, running through township fifty north, range
thirty-seven west, in the State of Michigan, to the
city of Fort Howard, in the State of Wisconsin;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of manu-
facturers and merchants of Wisconsin, praying
for such a modification of the internal revenue Uw
as will provide a tax on incomes instead of on
manufactures; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of sick
and wounded soldiers, praying that such action
be taken as will secure to the regular and volun-
teer Army a reliable and permanent camp-hospital
and ambulance corps for the proper care of our
sick and wounded soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of James A. Mitchell and others, piaying for the
passage of a law for the relief of persons serving
as scouts, so as to provide for their receiving pay
when captured, assistance or pensions when
wounded, and pensions to their families when
killed in the service; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. KING, I present a petition from citi-
zens of New York; and as it is very brief, I will
read it:
To the Senate mid House of Representatives of the United
States, vn Congress assembled:
We, the undesigned, citizens of the Stateof New York
respectfully request your honorable body to take such action'
at your present session as shall <.eeuie to the regular and
volunteer Army a reliable and permanent camp-hospital and
ambulance corps, for tile proper care of our sick and wound-
ed soldiers, wliose Jives are so valuable and precious to ua
at home.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a memorial of
ship-owners of New York, praying for the publi-
cation of charts and books for sailing directions,
in addition to charts of the Coast Survey, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 145)
fixing the pay of the commandant of the navy-
yard at Mare Island, California, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 508) to pro-
vide for the construction of a postal and military
railway from the city of Washington to the city
of New York, asked to he discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 715) to provide
for the construction of a submarine cable, report-
ed it without amendment, and adversely.
Mr. TEN EYCIC, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
133) to repeal an act approved September 18,1850,
entitled "An act to amend, and supplementary to
the act entitled ' An act respecting fugitives from
justice and persons escaping from the service of
their masters,' " approved February 12,1793, re-
ported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
Mr. TEN EYCIC, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the three fol-
lowingbills, asked to he discharged from their fur-
therconsideration, and that they be referred to the
select committee on West Virginia claims; which
was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 162) to authorize payment of
compensation for occupation of property by troops
of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 347) to provide the means and
mode of taking evidence in support of claims in
certain cases against the Government; and
A bill (S. No. 478) to provide the means of tak-
ing evidence in support of certain claims against
the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a petition of
citizens of Boston, and two petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the adoption of
measures to secure the freedom of the press, and
to prevent interference with the mails; the memo-
rial of J. B. Pinnny, secretary of the New Yoi k
State Colonization Society, praying for aid to col-
ored persons willing to emigrate to Liberia; a pe-
tition of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for a
modification of the act for the examination of'
drugs and medicines, approved June 26, 1848; the
petition of A. R.Johnson and others, citizens of
Vermont, praying for the repeal of the fugitive skive
law; and the petition of W. Viers Bowie, praying
for the return of or compensation fora slave alleged
to have been taken away from him by United
States troops, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Re also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the Secretary of State of
the 15th of July, 1861 , communicating the names
of the district judges of the United States, and a
list of the districts in which there are vacancies,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciaiy, to whom were refened the following
bills, have instructed me to report them back,
with a recommendation that they be indefinitely
postponed:
A bill (8. No. 173) for the more effectual sup-
pression of the slave trade;
