1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
Laws of the United States.
S^th Cong....3d Sess.
For incidental expenses, furniture, iron safes,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For salaries and commissions of register and
receiver for the Territory of Colorado for the fis-
cal years ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, and thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, two thousand five hundred
dollars; expenses for depositary for said periods,
two hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses, furniture, iron safes,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For purchase and fitting up of coffee-roaster,
cooler, and mill, in the inspection office of pro-
visions and clothing, navy-yard, New York, one
thousand one hundred and sixty- seven dollars
and forty cents.
For completion of the court house at Indian-
apolis, five thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the Capitol exten-
sion, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For payment of arrearages to Capitol police
due under act of April twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For continuing the work on the new dome of
the Capitol, two hundred thousand dollars.
To defray the expenses incurred in taking the
census of the Territory of Dakota, one thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For defraying the expenses of taking the cen-
sus of the Territory of Nevada, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of taking the cen-
sus in the Territory of Colorado, three thousand
two hundred and sixty-two dollars and sixty-
eight ccnts.
For the purchase of a territorial library for
the Territories of Colorado, Dakota, and Nevada,
two thousand five hundred dollars each.
territory of arizona.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, secre-
tary, and superintendent of Indian affairs, four-
teen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, office[r]s,clerks, and
contingent expenses, eighteen thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses of the Indian set-Vice in
the Territory of Arizona, and for presents of
goods, clothing, and other useful articles to the
Indians, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in the,Territory
of Arizona, five thousand dollars.
To pay Jacob F. Kautz for work on the survey
of the United States and California boundary from
September first, eighteen hundred and sixty, to
April thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
one thousand dollars.
To pay W. H. Shultz for services on United
States and California boundary survey from Oc-
tober one, eighteen hundred and sixty, to March
thirty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, four
hundred and fifty dollars.
To enable the"Secretary of the Interior to pay
detective police, employed by a former head of
the Department, for expenses incurred and ser-
vices rendered in the cities of Washington and
Philadelphia, in the detection and arrest of coun-
terfeiters of United States coin, there shall be and
hereby is transferred to the Department of the In-
terior, from the appropriation by the act of Con-
gress making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government
for the year eliding June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, approved June twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
so much thereof, not exceeding eleven hundred
and eighty-four dollars, as may be necessary for
that purpose: Provided, That if the unexpended
portion oft he appropriation afore[said] be not suf-
ficient to allow of the transfer aforesaid, then, and
in that case, the amount aforesaid shall be paid
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
For the continuation of the Treasury building,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For repairing the Government warehouses,
wharves, and fences at Staten Island, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For annual repairs of custom-houses and ma-
rine hospitals, twenty thousand dollars.
To complete the alterations in the office of the
assistant treasurer at New York, authorized by
the act of July eleventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.
For detection and bringing to trial to [of] per-
sonsengaged in counterfeiting the coin ofthe uni-
ted States,Treasury notes, and other United States
securities, twenty-five thousand dollars.
To reimburse J. L. Yattier, late postmaster at
Cincinnati, for balance expended and paid upon
Government post office at Cincinnati, seventeen
hundred dollars.
To complete the compilation of the last census,
fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of the United States commissioner and
surveyor, and for transportation and other ex-
penses attending the examination of coasts, and
for the making of the final chart showing bound-
ary lines established by the commissioner jointly
under the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain,
seven thousand dollars.
For repair of the pier at Kenosha, Wisconsin,
and rebuilding the beacon-light thereon, seven
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For the erection of two lights near the mouth
of Maumee river and Maumee bay, ten thousand
dollars: Provided, That the Light-House Board
shall determine that there exists a necessity for
such lights.
For the establishmentof a series of range lights
as aids to navigation nt Port Royal harbor, South
Carolina, seven thousand dollars.
For establishing a fog-bell at or near Sandy
Point light-house, Chesapeake bay, one thousand
dollars.
For buildinga beacon-light at Ediz Hook, Port
Angelos harbor, Washington Territory, five thou-
sand dollars.
i For expenses incurred under directions of the
i Governor, chief justice, and marshal of the Ter-
ritory, in fitting up a territorial prison at Denver,
in the Territory of Colorado, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
five thousand dollars.
For pay of the United States district judge for
the western district of Michigan, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For pay of marshal same district, two hundred
dollars.
For pay of district attorney same district, two
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the cur-
rent expenses for the year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the Denver
branch mint be authorized to be paid out of the
unexpended balance of the appropriation of sev-
enty-five thousand dollars made for the establish-
ment and current expenses of said mint by act of
Congress approved April twenty-first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two.
^ Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That mileage,
*as now allowed by Uw, to Senators, Representa-
tives, and Delegates,shall be paid for the present
session by the proper officerof the Treasury, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, as soon as certified by the Presiding
Officer of each House.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War cause a register to be prepared,
showing the present organization of the volunteers
of the United States Army, with such fact3 in
reference thereto as may not be incompatible with
the public sen ice; and the sum of fifteen hundred
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for clerk hire and compilation of
said register.
For lighting Maryland avenue west, Sixth street
south wTth gas. made necessary by the occupancy
of that street by Government railroad, thereby
endangering the lives of citizens in the night, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
! For alteration of steps and improvement to the
' entrance of the custom-house at Boston, Massa-
| chnsetts, twelve thousand nine hundred and four
'! dollars.
11 For repair of culvert on New Jersey avenue,
11 near the Capitol, five hundred dollars. „
For the purchase of books of tactics and instruc-
tions for the armie3 of the United States-, fifty
thousand dollars. i
To defray expenses incurred in the raising,
equipping, transportation,and subsistence of min-
ute-men and volunteers in Pennsylvania, Mary-
land, Ohio, Indiana,and Kentucky, to repel rebel
raids, six hundred thousand dollars, to be settled
upon proper vouchers, to befiledand passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury:
Provided, That in determining the claims to be
allowed under this act the same principles, rules,
and regulations shall be observed by the account-
ing officers in auditing said expenses as have been
applied to the claims allowed to States, urtder the
act approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, entitled " An act to indem-
nify the States for expenses incurred by them in
defense of the United States."
For additional compensation to the publishers
of the Statutes at Large, four thousand one hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase of Messrs. Little, Brown and Company two
thousand copies of the twelfth volume of the
United States Statutes at Large for distribution,
agreeably to the act of Congress directing the dis-
tribution of the other volumes, seven thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the receiver at Santa F£,
New Mexico, acting as depositary, two thousand
dollars.
For four laborers employed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings in the Capitol, (here-
tofore authorized by special appropriation,) two
thousand four hundred dollars.
For new roof to Congressional Library, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriations«for
Agricultural Bureau, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
twenty thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
rent, fitting up, and furnishing of the rooms tem-
porarily provided for the use ofthe Quartermaster
General's department, including stationery and
miscellaneous items, for the current fiscal year,
six thousand six hundred and eighty-four dollars.
For the Mississippi squadron, building, repairs,
equipment, machinery, three million eight hun-
dred thousand dollars; increase on cost of mate-
rials, five hundred and eighty thousand dollars;
completion of armored-clad vessels, four million
five hundred thousand dollars.
For contingent fund of the Bureau ofYardsand
Docks for eighteen hundred and sixty two and
three, three hundred thousand dollars.
For enlarging hospital at marine barracks,
Washington, and constructing sewer to Eastern
Branch, nine thousand and fifty dollars.
For deficiencies of appropriations in the Navy
Department for the fiscal year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, as fol-
lows, viz:
Foi increase and repairs of the Navy: comple-
tion ofsidf-wheel steamers, hulls, equipment, and
machinery, two million eight hundred thousand
dollars.  
Completion of screw steamers, hulls, equip-
ment, and machinery, one million five hundred
thousand dollars.
Purchase of large steamers, two million six
hundred thousand dollars.
Purchase of small steamers and tugboats, seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Repairs of steam machinery, one million nine
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For instituting and conducting experiments for
testing various methods of working steam expan-
sively, twenty thousand dollars.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the sur-
geon and the citizen at large, who are, with the
provost marshal, to form the enrolling board of
each congressional district, shall receive the com-
pensation of an assistant surgeon of the Army,
excluding commutation for fuel and quarters for
the time actually employed, and that the same
may be paid by the Secretary of War outofappro-
priations already made for the services of that
Department.
Sec. 6. Andbe it farther enacted, That the Pres-
ident cause to be struck from the dies recently pre-
