THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
: Sec. 5. -<9ndbc it further enacted, That the money to bo
annually appropriated for the benefit of the said Indians
ghnll be expended in such manner a* will, in the judgment
of the President, be&t advance the said Indians in agricul-
tural and meenameal pui^nts, and enable them to Fu^tain
themselves without the aid of the Government. And in
such expenditure iea?onable discrimination may bo made
In favor of the clucf> who shitll be found faithful to the
Government of the United States, and efficient in main-
taining its authority and the peace of the Indians. Said
Indian* shall be subject to the I<twa of the United State-,
and to the criminal laws* of the State or Terutory in which
they may Happen to ieside. They shall al«o be subject to
gucft rules and regulations for their government as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may ptescribe; but they shall be
deemed incapable of making any valid civil contract with
any person other than a native member of theit ttibe with-
out the consent of the President of the United States. The
Secretary of the Interior f-hall also make reasonable pio-
vision for the education of said Indians, according to their
capacity and the means at his command.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word " survey"
in the first line of the third section, and inserting
"appraisal," and by striking out the letter " s"
from the word " reservations" in the second line.
The lands have already been surveyed.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. In the thirteenth line of
that section, the letter " s" at the end of the word
"reservations" should be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. Tire bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. II. No. 337) to issue an American
register to the steamship Karnak was read twice
by its utle,and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 311) to amend an act enti-
tled 14 An act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Colorado," were referred to
the Committee on Territories.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicola y, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved mid signed, on
the 10th instant, the following bill and joint reso-
lutions:
A bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Isaac Van-
flerpoel;
A joint resolution (S. No. 122) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims m the
oase of Alexander D. Anderson, administrator of
John Andeison;
A joint resolution (S. No. 118) 'o confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of R. A. Clements, administrator of James N.
Mullicon;
A joint resolution (S. No. 120) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of David D. Mitchell; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 121) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill reported by me yesterday morn-
ing from the Committee on Military Affairs to
enlarge the number of major and brigadier gen-
erals.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
515) to authorize an increase in the number of
major generals and brigadier generals in the vol-
unteer service was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes, in addition to the four major generals and
nine brigadiergenerals for the regular Army, and
the forty major generals and two hundred briga-
dier generals for the volunteer service, authorized
by the existing laws, the appointment of thirty
major generals and seventy brigadier generals of
volunteers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
move an amendment to the bill, in line eight, by
striking out the words " of volunteers," and to
■ insert the words " for forces in the service of the
United States other than the regular Army."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire an explanation
front the Committee on Military'Affairs upon
what principle the number fixed in the bill is
predicated. I want to know something about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. At the last
session of Congress it will be remembered that we
limited the number of major generals of volunteers
to forty, and of brigadiergenerals to two hundred.
The President, after the adjournment of Congress,
made a call for six hundred thousand men. Not
all of them have come into the field, but more
than two thirds of them have; and the President
and Secretary of War assumed that our limitation
applied to the troops in the field, and that they
were authorized by the call for additional troops
to appoint additional major and brigadiergenerals
to command them; and upon that assumption of
what they deemed necessary they have sent in
here forty-nine major generals and about one hun-
dred and fifty-two or one hundred and fifty-three
brigadier generals; making over two hundred ad-
ditional general officers. The subject has been
considered, and the opinion of the Committee on
Military Affairs is that we do not need this large
increase; that the calling out of this additional
force might require some increase, but not this
number; and they have, therefore, fixed on the
number named in the bill in reference to the force
which has been called out, or which probably
may be called out during the next year. We pro-
pose to authorize the President to call men into
the field in futuic; and, looking to the fact that
some others may be called, and to the force we
have in the field, we thought the number stated
in the bill was at any rate as many as our forces
would need; and we fixed upon this number. It
is a matter simply of judgment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. I should like to inquire what
is the number of brigadier generals and major .
generals who are not in service, and have no ;
commands ? I saw a statement going the rounds 1
of the papers a few days ago, that there were, I
think, nine major generals not in the service, but
still drawing their pay, and some forty brigadiers.
If that be true, surely there cannot be a necessity
for this increase, even as proposed by this bill,
which is a less number, as I understand from the
chairman of the Military Committee, than has
already been nominated. If I am right as to the
pay of these officers, this bill will add to our ex-
penses half a million dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. More than two millions.
Mr. CARLILE. More than two millions, I
understand from the Senator from Iowa. I really
did not know what was the pay of a biigadier or
major general. I think that is an item that should
be considered by the Senate, particularly in the
present embarrassed financial condition of the
country. I cannot under the lights I have vote
for this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am satisfied there can-
not be so many of these general officers needed.
I will therefore move an amendment to reduce the
number of major generals to twenty, and brigadier
generals to fifty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that it will be necessary for the Senator,
j in order to bring his motion within the rules, to j
I move a reconsideration of the vote ordering the
; bill to a third reading.
i Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I withdraw the
I amendment, for I really do not know anything
I about the subject.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
• tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move a reconsideration
of the vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading, and it is now open to amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall not move the
amendment unless I can do it on some ground. I
do not want to oppose my judgmentto that of the
Committee on Military Affairs. I wish to know
what number of troops they suppose it is neces-
sary to provide brigadier and major generals for;
not the number that is authorized by law to be
raised; for that is indefinite and large; but what
number of troops it is necessary to provide brig-
adier and major generals for according to the or-
ganization of the Army? Whatever is necessary
I am perfectly willing to grant, but I do not want
to do it on mere guess woik. If the committee
are not prepared to answer that question—if they
have not made their calculation—I think they
ought to make it, and explain it to the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
committee one other thing; and that is, whether
the brigadier generals appointed to take charge of
the nine months'men are appointed to command
that species of force, and are to go out of the ser-
vice when its time expires, or whether they are
to remain permanently in the service.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In answer
to the Senator fiom Vermont I will simply say
that the militia that was called out was like the
volunteers, officered, so far as the line and regi-
mental officers weie concerned, by the Governors
of the States, and they are mixed in with the vol-
unteer regiments, and commanded by the same
generals; and when the time of those men ex-
pires those generals do not go out of the service.
The militia are generally mixed up with the vol-
unteers. Very few of them are brigaded in the
same brigade. I believe it has been, to a consid-
erable extent, the policy of military men to mix
up the new regiments with the old regiments as
far as possible, in order to add to the general effi-
ciency.
Now, sir, I desire simply to say in regard to
this matter, that 1 believed, at the last session of
Congress, the number of generals we then fixed
upon would be sufficient. We have more officers
in our sei vice than I think we need. In the French
service they have two thousand four hundred men
in a regiment, and eight or nine thousand in a
brigade. We started on the theory of having a
thousand men in a regiment, and four regiments
to a brigade, making four thousand men. They
not being veteran troops, but being raw troops,
it Wris supposed we needed more officers to com-
mand them than old soldiers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How many brigades to
a division ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Three brig-
ades to a division, and three divisions to a cojps.
Now, if you give a major general to a division,
and a major general to command a corps, and &
major generafto command an army, you will need
one hundred and forty or one hundred and fifty
major generals; but a very huge portion of the
divisions of our armies are commanded by biig-
adier generals; many ©f our brigades are now
commanded by colonels, and some divisions in
the Army are commanded by colonels. A colonel
of a Massachusetts ^iment is now before us for
nomination who cm -Hands a division in the army
of the Potomac, C< >nel Barnes.
The Governmei'1 when they called out an ad-
ditional force last ! J, assumed that tins plan of
organization autho zt;d them to add additional
general officers, as ney would have to make new
brigades and new divisions; and they have thus
disregarded the law of the last session, as I think.
I think the law would not allow them to do it.
They thought otherwise. We are assured by the
Secretary of War that they need these generals
that they have made. That is his opinion; it is
not mine. I do not believe they do need them
all, and I have so stated. I believe that unless
the number is limited, you will have these general
officeis sent in here every day until the close of
this session of Congress; for there is hardly a
colonel in the Army who is not importuning the
Government to be promoted. The great cry m
the countiy is promotion in the service.
Now, sir, as they have sent in here forty-nine
major generals and one hundred and fifty-two or
one hundied and fifty-three additional brigadiers,
and more are coming, looking the whole subject
over with the best \iew the committee could take
of it, we thought that if we added the number
proposed by this bill, it would be all that could
possibly be needed.' We proposed, in the first
place, I think, to add twenty major generals and
fifty brigadiergenerals. Some thought that would
not bo quite enough; and taking the whole sub-
ject under consideration, as the best judgment we
could make, we decided to add thirty major gen-
erals and seventy brigadiergenerals. 1 think, at
