1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lmvs of the United States.
37th Cong....Bo Sess.
Jc
the opinion of the President, the public interests
require it, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to cause any of said reservations, or
iart thereof, to be surveyed into urban or suburban
ots ofsuitable size, and to fix by appraisement of
disinterested persons their cash value, and to offer
the same for sale at public outcry to the highest
bidder, and thence afterward to be held subject to
sale at private entry according to such regulations
as the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe:
Provided, That no lot shall be disposed of at pub-
lic sale or private entry for less than the appraised
value thereof: And provided further, That said
sales shall be conducted by the register and re-
ceiver of the land office in the district in which
said reservations may be situated, in accordance
with the laws and rules and instructions of the
Department regulating the sales of public lands.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXXT.—An Act relating to Habeas Cor-
pus, and regulating Judicial Proceedings in cer-
tain eases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of'America in Congress
assembled, That, during the present rebellion, the
President of the United States, whenever, in his
judgment, the public safety may require it, is au-
thorized to suspend the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus in any case throughout the United
States, or any part thereof. And whenever and
wherever the said privilege shall be suspended,
as aforesaid, no military or other officer shall be
compelled, in answer to any writ of habeas corpus,
to leturn the body of any person or persons de-
tained by him by authority of the President; but
upon the certificate, under oath, of the officer hav-
ing charge of any one so detained that such per-
son is detained by him as a prisoner under au-
thority of the President, further proceedings under
the vvntof habeas corpus shall besuspended bythe
judgeor com t having issued the said writ,so long
as said suspension bythe President shall remain
in force, and said rebellion continue.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of State and the Secretary of War be, and
they are hereby, directed, as soon as may be prac-
ticable, to furnish to the judges of the circuit and
district courts of the United States and of the Dis-
trict of Colum bia a list of the names of all persons,
citizens of States in which the administration of
the laws has continued unimpaired m the said
Federal courts, who are now, or may hereafter
be, held as prisoners of the United States, by order
or authority of the President of the United States
or either of said Secretaries, in any fort, arsenal,
or other place, as State or political prisoners, or
otherwise than as prisoners of war; the said list
to contain the names of all those who reside in
the respective jurisdictions of said judges, or who
may be deemed by the said Secretaries, or either
of them, to have violated any law of the United
States in any of said jurisdictions, and also the
date of each arrest; the Secretary of State to fur-
nish a list of such persons as are imprisoned by
the order or authority of the President, acting
through the State Department, and the Secretary
of War a list of such as are imprisoned by the
order or authority of the President, acting through
the Departmentof War. And in all eases where
a grand jury, having attended any of said courts
having jurisdiction in the premises, after the pas-
sage of this act, and after the furnishing of said
list, as aforesaid, has terminated its session with-
out finding an indictment or presentment, or other
proceeding against any such person, it shall be
the duty of the judge of said court forthwith to
inake an order that any such prisoner desiring
a discharge from said impiisonment be brought
before him to be discharged; and every officer of
the United States having custody of such prisoner
is hereby diverted immediately to obey and exe-
cute said judge's order; and in case he-shall de- '
layor refuse so to do, he shall besubject to indict-
ment for a misdemeanor, and be punished by a
fine of not less than five hundred dollars and im-
prisonment in the common jail for a period not
less than six months, in the discretion of the
couit: Ptovided, however, That no person shall be
discharged by virtue of the provisions of this act
until after he o-r she shall have taken an oath of
allegiance to the Govern ment of the United States,
and to support the Constitution thereof; and that
he or she will not hereafter in any way encourage
or give aid and comfort to the present rebellion,
or the supporters thereof: .And provided, .also.
That the judge or court before whom such .person
may be brought, before discharging him or her
from imprisonment, shall have power, on exam-
ination of the case, and, if the public safety shall
require it, shall be required to cause him or her
to enter into recognizance, with or without surety,
in a sum to be fixed by said judge or court, to
keep the peace and be of good behavior towards
the United States and its citizens, and from time
to time, and at such times as such judge or court
may direct, appear before said judge or court to
be further dealt with, according to law, as the cir-
cumstances may require. And it shall be the
duty of the district attorney of the United States
to attend such examination before thejudge.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That in case
any of such prisoners shall be under indictment
or presentment for any offense against the laws
of the United States, and by existing laws bail or
a recognizance may be taken for the appearance
for trial of such person, it shall be the duty of
said judge at once to discharge such person upon
bail or recognizance for trial as aforesaid. And
in case the said Secretaries of State and Warshail
for any reason refuse or omit to furnish the said
list of persons held as prisoners as aforesaid at
the time of the passage of this act within twenty
days thereafter, and of such persons as hereafter
may be arrested within twenty days from the time
of the arrest, any citizen may, after a grand jury
shall have terminated its session without finding
an indictment or presentment, as provided in the
second section of this act, by a petition alleging
the facts aforesaid touching any of the persons so
as aforesaid imprisoned, supported bythe oath of
such petitioner or any other credible person, ob-
tain and be entitled to have the said judge's order
to discharge such prisoner on the same terms and
conditions prescribed in the second section of this
act: Provided, however, That the said judge shall
be satisfied such allegations are true.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That any order
of the President, or under his authority, made at
any time during the existence of the present re-
bellion, shall bo a defense in ail courts to any
action or prosecution, civil or criminal, pending, *
or to be commenced, for any search, seizure, ar-
rest, or imprisonment, made, done, or committed,
or acts omitted to be done, under and by virtue of
such order, or under color of any law of Congress,
and such defense may be made by special plea, or
under the general issue.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if any
suit or prosecution, civil or cunnnal, has been or
shall be commenced in any State court againstany
officer, civil or military, or against any other per-
son, for any arrest or imprisonment made, or
other trespasses or wrongs done or committed, or
any act omitted to be done, atany time during the
present rebellion, by virtue or under color of any
authority derived from or exercised by or under
the President of the United States, or any act of
Congress, and the defendant shall, at the time of
entering his appearance in such court, or if such
appearance shall have been entered before the pas-
sage of this act, then at the next session of the
court in which such suit or prosecution is pend-
ing, file a^petition, staring the facts and verified
by affidavit, for the removal of tiie cause for trial
at the next circuit court of the United States, to
be holden in the district where the suit is pend-
ing, and offer good and sufficient surety for his
filing in such court, on the first d[iy of its sessioif^
copies of such process and other proceedings
against him, and also for his appearing in such
court and entering special bail in the cause, if spe-
cial bail was originally required therein. It shall ;
then be the duty of the Suite court to occept the ;
surety and proceed no further in thecauie or pros- !
ecution, and the bail that shall have been oiigirj- j
ally taken shall be dischaiged. And such copies
being filed as aforesaid in such court of theUnited
States, the cause shall proceed therein in the same
manner as if it had been brought in said court by
original process, wlmtevei may be tin; amount in i
dispute or the damages claimed, or whatever the j
citizenship of the parties, any former law to the I
contrary notwithstanding. A-nd any attachment
of the goods or estate of the defendant by the ori-
ginal process shall hold the goods or estate so at-
tached to answer the final judgment in the saiftd
manner as by the laws of sucn State they woqfcj.
have been holden to answer final judgment hadli
been rendered in the court in which the ^suittir
prosecution was commenced. And it shall be law-
ful in any such action or prosecution which may be
now pending, or hereafter commenced, before any*
State court whatever, for any cause aforesaid,
after final judgment, for either party to remove
and transfer, by appeal, such case during the ses-
sion or term of said court at which the sameshali
have taken place, from such court to the next cir-
cuit court of the United States to be held in the
district in which such appeal shall be taken* in
manner aforesaid. And it shall be the duty of the
person taking such appeal to produce and file in
the said circuit court attested copies of the pro-
cess, proceedings, and judgment in such cause;
and it shall also be competent for either party,
within six months after the rendition of a judg-
ment in any such cause, by writ of error or other
process, to remove the same to the circuit court
of the United States of that district in which such
judgment shall have been rendered; and the said
circuit court shall thereupon proceed to try and
determine the facts and the law in such action, in
the same manner as if the same had been there
originally commenced, the judgment in such case
notwithstanding. And any bail which may have
been taken, or property attached, shall be holden
on the final judgment of the said circuit court in
such action, in the same manner as if no such re-
moval and transfer had been made, as aforesaid.
And the State court, from which any such action,
civil or criminal, may be removed and transferred
as aforesaid, upon the parties giving good and-suf-
ficient security for the prosecution thereof, shall
allow the same to be removed and transferred, and
proceed no further in the case: Provided, however.
That if the party aforesaid shall fail duly to enter
the removal and transfer, as aforesaid, in the cir-
cuit court of the United Sfates, agreeably to this
act, the State court, by which judgment shall have
been rendered, and from tyhich the transfer and
removal shall have been made, as aforesaid, shall
be authorized, on motion for that purpose, to issue
execution, and to carry into effect any such judg-
ment, the same as if no such removal and'trans-
fer had been made: Jlnd provided also, That no
such appeal or writ of error shall be allowed in
any criminal action or prosecution where final
judgment shall have been rendered in favor of the
defendant or respondent by the State court. And
if in any suit hereafter commenced the plaintiff is
nonsuited or judgment pass against him, the de-
fendant shall recover double costs.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That any suit
or prosecution described in this act, in which final
judgment may be rendered in the circuit court,
may be carried by writ of error to the Supreme
Court, whatever may be the amountof said judg-
ment.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no suit
or prosecution, civil or criminal, shall be main-
tained for any arrest or imprisonment, made, or
other trespasses or wrongs done or committed, or
act omitted to be done, at any time during the
present rebellion, by virtue or under color of any
authority derived from or exercised by or under
the President of the United States, or by or under
any act of Congress, unless the same shall have
been commenced within two years nexiaftersuch
arrest, imprisonment, trespass, or wrong may
have been done or committed or act may havs
been omitted to be done: Provided, That in no
case shall the limitation herein provided com-
mence to run until the passage of this act, so that
no party shall, by virtue of this act, be debarred
of his remedy by suit or prosecution until two
years from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ciiap. LXXXII.—An Act to authoiize the Bre-
vetting of Volunteer and others Officers in the
United States Service.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the jUnited States
