218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Oo>tg....3d
Laws of the United States.
be, and he hereby is, authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to confer brevet
rank upon such commissioned officers of the vol-
unteer and other forces in the United States service
as have been, or may hereafter be, distinguished
by gallant actions or meritorious conduct; which
rank shall not entitle them to any increase of pay
or emoluments.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of cer-
tain Persons who have performed the duties of
Assistant Surgeons in Regiments of Cavalry.
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That physicians and surgeons who
have since the second day of July last been duly
appointed and commissioned as second assistant
surgeons in volunteer regiments of cavalry, and
as such have been duly mustered into the military
service of the United States, and actually per-
formed the duties appertaining to that office, shall
be paid therefor in likemannerand upon like proof
as other assistant surgeons of cavalry: Provided,
Thatnotmore than two assistant surgeons to each
regiment shall be allowed and paid for services
performed at one and the same time.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXX.IV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled " An Act to authorize the employment
of Volunteers to aid in enforcing the Laws, and
protecting Public Property," approved July
twenty-two, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every non-commissioned officer,
private, or other person who has been or shall
hereafter be discharged from the Army of the
United Suites, within two years from the date of
their enlistment, by reason of wounds received in
battle, shall be entitled to receive the same bounty
as is granted or may bte granted to the same classes
of persons who are discharged after a service of
two years; and all aqts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ciiai*. LXXXV.—An Act concerning Letters of
Marque, Puzes, and Prize Goods.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in nil domestic and foreign wars
the President of the United States is authorized
to issue to private armed vessels of the United
States, commissions or letters of marque and gen-
eral reprisal in such form as he shall think proper,
and under the seal of the United States, and make
all needful rules and regulations for the govern-
ment and conduct thereof, and for tlu; adjudication
and disposal of the prizes and salvages made by
such vessels: Provided, That the authority con-
ferred by this act shall cease and terminate at the
end of three years from the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXXVK—An Act further to regulate
Proceedings in Prize Cases, and to amend vari-
ious Acts of Congress in relation thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That wheneverany prize property shall
be condemned in any distiict or circuit court, or
shall at any stage of the proceedings be found by
the court lb be perishing, perishable, or liable to
deteriorate or depreciate, or whenever the costs
of keeping the same shall be disproportionate to
its value, or whenever all the parties in interest
who have appeared m the case shall agree therein,
it shall be the duty of the court to order a sale
thereof, and no appeal shall operate to prevent the
making or execution of such order. And upon
any sale, it shall be the duty of the marshal forth-
with to deposit the gross proceeds of the sale with
the assistant treasurer of the United States near-
est to the place of sale, and subject to the order
of the court in the particular case; and the court
may at any time order the payment from such de-
posit of the expenses and disbursments neces-
sarily incurred in the custody, preservation, and
sale of said property, audited and allowed by the
court in the manner provided by law. And when
a decree of condemnation shall be tnade in any
cause, the court may, in like manner, order the
payment from said deposit of the costs, fees, and
charges decreed in the cause. And on a final de-
cree of distribution, after the payment of such
costs, fees, and expenses, the residue of the de-
posit shall, by order of the court, be paid into the
Treasury of the United States for distribution ac-
cording t > the decree. And the clerk of the court
shall forthwith transmit to the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of the Navy certified
copies of said final decree of distribution; and in
ease the final decree shall be for restitution with-
out cost, the costs, fees, and disbursements al-
lowed by the court and unpaid shall be a charge
upon the fund for defraying the expenses of suits
in which the United States is a party or interested.
And the Treasury Department shall credit the
Navy Department with the amount held for dis-
tribution; and the several officers, marines, sail-
ors, and other persons in the naval service entitled
to share in the prize money, shall be credited in
their accounts with the Navy Department with
the amount to which they are respectively en-
titled.
Sf.c. 2. And he it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy or the Secretary of War shall
be, and they or either of them are hereby, author-
ized to take any captured vessel, any arms or mu-
nitions of war, or other material, for the use of
the Government; and when the same shall have
been taken, before being sent in for adjudication,
or afterwards, the Department for whose use it
was taken Khali deposit the value of the same in
the Treasury of the United States, subject to the
order of the court in which prize proceedings shall
be taken in the case; and when there is a final de-
cree of distribution in the prize court, or if no pro-
ceedings in prize shall be taken, the money shall
be credited to the Navy Department to be distrib-
uted according to law. ~
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall employ an auctioneer or
auctioneers of established reputation in that branch
of merchandise to make sales of all prize goods,
under the direction of the marshal of the district
in which the property shall be ordered to be sold,
and at a rate of compensation not to exceed in
any case one and one fourth per centum upon the
gross amount of the sales; and such sales shall be
advertised in the fullest and most conspicuous man-
ner, and to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Navy; and any fraud, collusion, or combination,
or any act of fraudulent device or contrivance in
the sale and disposition of any prize property, by
which the captors or the Government are or may
be defrauded, shall be, and is hereby,declared to
be a felony; and any public officer or agent, or
any other person engaged therein, upon convic-
tion thereof by or before any court of competent
jurisdiction, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding
twenty thousand dollars, and to imprisonment
not exceeding ten years, or to both, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the third
section of the act of twenty-fifth March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to facil-
itate evidence and proceedings in and adjudica-
tions upon captured property of prize," be, and
the same is hereby, amended, so thift the com-
pensation of counsel to the captors to be adjusted
and determined by the court, and paid and al-
lowed as costs, shall be confined to compensation
/or such services as may be rendered necessary
by reason of the captors having interests conflict-
ing with those of the United States, and proper
in the opinion of the court to be represented by
separate counsel from those representing the Uni-
ted States. And so much of the twelfth section
of the act of July seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, entitled "An act for the better govern-
ment of the Navy of the United States," as au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Navy to employ an
agent or counsel for the captors and to fix his
compensation, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the com-
missioners m prize shall not exceed two in any
district of the courts of the United States, to be
appointed by the district court of each district,
one of whom shall be a retired naval officer, to be
appointed by the court and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Navy; and the annual salaries in
each district of both commissioners shall not ex-
ceed six thousand dollars; and all counsel fees in
prize cases in the Supreme Court of the United
States, which have been or may be incurred or
authorized by any department of the Government,
shall be audited and allowed by the Attorney Gen-
eral and Solicitor of the Treasury, and shall be a
charge upon and paid out of the fund appropri-
ated for defiaying the expenses of suits in which
the United States are parties or interested.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That when the
court shall allow witnesses' fees to any witness
in a prize cause, and the court has no money sub-
ject to its order in the cause, the same shall be
paid by the marshal as in the case of witnesses in
causes in which the United States is a party, and
shall be repaid from any money deposited to the
order of the court in said cause.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatappeals
from the district courts of the United States in
prize causes shall be directly to the Supreme Court,
and shall be made within thirty days of the ren-
dering of the decree appealed from, unless the
court shall previously have extended the time for
cause shown in the particular case; and the Su-
preme Court shall always be open for the entry
of such appeals. Such appeals may be claimed
whenever the amount in controversy exceeds two
thousand dollars, and in other cases on the certifi-
cate of the district judge that the adjudication in-
volves a question of difficulty and general import-
ance.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all pro-
visions of law which are inconsistent with those
of this act shall be, and are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. LXXXVIl.—An Act to equalize and es-
tablish the Compensation of the Collectors of
the Customs on the Northern, Northeastern,
and Northwestern Frontiers, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the collector of customs of each
of the districts aforesaid shall render, with his ac-
counts of the expenses incident to his office, a list
of the clerks and otherofficors of the customs em-
ployed by him, stating the rate of compensation
allowed to each, the duties they severally perform,
and also an account of the sums paid for station-
eiy, fuel, and all other office expenses, including
office rent; for all of which expenses he shall sub-
mit an estimate each month in advance, and shall
state the purposes for which any premises are
used; and shall also render an accurate account
of all fees and commissions collected by him.
Sec. (2. And be it further enacted, That the dis-
trict of Sackett's Harbor be, and is hereby, an-
nexed to the district of Cape Vinccnt, and the
district so annexed is hereby abolished and con-
stituted a part of the district to which it is an-
nexed; and that the district of Niagara is hereby
extended so as to include the entire county of
Niagara to the channel of Tonawanda creek; and
that Lewiston, in the district of Niagara, is here-
by discontinued as a port of entry, and that the
port of entry for the district be, and is hereby,
established at Suspension Bridge.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That Platts-
burg, in the district of Champlain, is hereby dis-
continued as a port of entry, and that the port of
entry for the district be, and is hereby, estab-
lished at Rouse's Point, at which placc the col-
lector for the district shall reside, arid a deputy
collcctor shall reside atPlattsburg; and all vessels
passing through Lake Champlain, from Canada,
shall hereafter be required to report to the col-
lector of customs at Rouse's Point.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That Michil-
imackinack, in the district of Michilimackinack,
is hereby discontinued as a port of entry, and
that the port of entry for the district be, and is
hereby, established at Sault Ste. Marie, at which
place the collector of the district shall reside, and
a deputy collector shall reside at Michilimack-
inack.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acta
