1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8U
Mr. COLLAMER. The whole school fund of
the State of New Hampshire is what they derive
from these banks.
Mr. CLARK. And we raise a tax from them
in each town besides.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is for local taxation.
The only State fund they have for schools is de-
rived from the banks. I believe in the State of
Connecticut they have a large school fund, the
greater portion of which is in these veiy stocks
in these banks, and if you wind up the banks
they can derive no more income from them.
I cannot go into all the particulars 011 this sub-
ject; but I just mention this that gentlemen may
reflect for a little while on what will be the effect
of this measure on society and the various insti-
tutions of the community connected with these
banks. There is manifest injustice in allowing
moneyed men, who have some money to spare,
to put it into these banks, and thus keep it out of
the way of State taxation altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it will not interrupt my
honorable friend, I will ask if we do not go through
the same process by issuing bonds of the United
States which arc exempt from taxation? The
same process is gone through there that is gone
through under this bill. The banks investin these
bonds instead of individuals purchasing the bonds.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not relieve the
subject of taxation within the State, nor equalize
it in any degree by taking the money out of the
present Stale banks, where it is taxed 111 the States
as the property of the stockholder or dii ector in
the bank, extinguishing that property and taking
the money to buy United States stocks which aie
not subject to taxation. Our people are never
going to buy United States stocks in this way to
make any permanent investment upon. If they
had their bank money back 111 their own hands,
they would lend it and loan it out wherever they
could in their own neighborhoods. If the gentle-
man will hear me through, as extravagant as he
may think my views are, he will be enabled to
give me some credit for consistency. He will find
that the people will not break up their present
system of banking, interwoven, as it is, with all
their transactions, bound upas their business life
is with it, to establish banks under this bill, and
they will never buy United States stocks for this
purpose.
The next point to which I desire to call atten-
tion is the propriety of our undertaking as a na-
tion to say that we will be responsible for the ul-
timate redemption of these bills by the securities
that are deposited. 1 am aware that the honor-
able Senator who is the parent of the bill here
thinks he has got in it something very valuable,
in the provision about the liability of individual
stockholders, and requiting twenty-five per cent,
of the amount of their circulation to be kept 011
hand. All these things, to my mind, are hardly
worth the paper on which they are wiitten; they
are good for nothing at all. How can you fol-
low the responsibility of stockholders? The veiy
stocks are assignable; they are personal property.
They are bought and sold in the maiket every
day for more or less, according to their worth. Al-
though one of these banks may start with some
very responsible men when it first sets up, the
moment it becomes at all doubtful or troublesome
it quickly passes off into the hands of men who
have no responsibility. You can never pursue it
in that way. As to the provision that they shall
retain twenty-five per cent, on their circulation on
hand, that is their own money; it is not United
States money. The effect is, just this: whenever
your bonds that you hold for your security to re-
deem these bills depreciate essentially, the bank
will wind up, and they will do it without any sort
of disparagement or any dishonesty. The stock-
holders will say at once to themselves, " we have
noticed the fall of these stocks; we know they are
very much down; we will not redeem any more
of these bills; we will leave them to be redeemed
by the Government; we gave them >■,100,(100 and
deposited it with them in bonds; they only al-
lowed us §90,000; that is all we have had of them;
we leave these notes in their hands to redeem; we
will let them redeem them; we gave them a great
deal moie than they ever gave us, andjet them
redeem them." When would that occur? "Why,
sir, in gieat national calamities such as those un-
der which we ahe.uly suffer by the unfortunate
piucecdmgs of thu war, we know that public
stocks rise and fall with the prosperity or decline
of the nation.
Again, 1 will take the very reverse of this state
of things. Suppose we should close this unfor-
tunate controversy and return to peace. The
moment you are at peace every man wants all
the money he has got to go into business. He
has lent it to the United States, taken this, that,
or the other sort of stock in order to have it earn'
something while this public controversy and diffi-
culty was going on. The moment that is ended
he wants his money to go into business again in
our cities and towns—importing and the like. He
immediately cashes these bonds, and a very largo
portion of these bonds will at once be thrown on
the market at a discount the moment you are at
peace. In either of these cases, whether from
public calamity or from peace, there comes a de-
terioration upon the value of these bonds; these
banks are wound up, the bills are protested and
presented to the Treasury here in bundles for pay-
ment. What will you do ? It is said in the bill
that they are to be paid here. You may take the
stocks the bank left as security and go and sell
them in the market, and thus get money to pay
them. If they have deteriorated so much that the
banks do not want to pay their bills, it will be a
pretty hard bargain for us to pay them with those
bonds. We should have to sell at as much dis-
count as they. Besides, we do not get rid of any-
'thing ill that way. We have to anticipate our
bonds. They run twenty years. We have got
to pay these notes when they are presented; and
if we sell our bonds at a discount in the market to
get some money to redeem them with, we have
got to meet that bond in the end, have we not?
We do not get rid of it at all; but we are compelled
to get the money about twenty years before it is
due. I do not see the policy, the expediency, or
the profit of such a bargain.
The next aspect to which I will call attention is
this: we once had, or twice had, a United States
Bank. The history of the last one is within the
recollection of most of those who hear me. That
bank had a capital of $35,000,000. The proposi-
tion now is to make United States banks with a
capital of f,300,000,000. The United States took
§7,000,000 of that stock. They paid nothing in,
but put ill their stock for it 011 time. They had
directors of their own appointed to keep watch of
that bank. They had the light to borrow money
at that bank. The bank was bound to loan it to
them at a certain rate and limitation. They went
on with that bank during the whole period of its
existence. They took their dividends from year
to year by extinguishing the payment of interest
on their bonds; and at the close of the whole they
received back their stock and ten per cent, upon
itofaccumulatcd profits that had not been divided.
Everybody concerned in it was paid; the stock
was paid back; and the United States made that
money.
Now, sir, why did that institution go down; or
rather, why was it not renewed and enlarged and
adapted to the condition of the country? It was
because it was said to be a dangerous political en-
gine in the hands of whatever political party ex-
isted at the time; that it would be used as a great
machine m the different States by the favor which
the Government would give it, or the control which
they would exercise over it; and it was dangerous
as it was said then, and I think it was demonstra-
ble.
Mr. President, look at the proposition now be-
fore us in this aspect. It provides that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall nominate this Comp-
troller of the Currency. He can be appointed by
the President only on the nomination of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; and he is given anv num-
ber (not limited at all) of clerks and agents. There
are established, if you please, three thousand of
these banks under this bill of 4100,000each, scat-
tered thiough all thecountry. Fheycan be visited
by agents appointed here under this bill, and in-
spected from time to time and reported upon. The
Secretary is authorized to make such of them as
he thinks proper dcpositoiics of the public revenue,
and he is to distribute this stock, one half of the
$300,000,000 to the different States, according to
their representative population, and the other half
according to the b,inking resources of the country;
there is tin limitation upon him whatever. If the
old United States Rank furnished well-grounded
apprehen"" " ''ns^erous political tendency
as a political agency, permit me to ask gentlemen
to reflect for a moment on what you have got
here, with §300,000,000 of capital, with .three
thousand banks subject to inspection, and to be
troubled, just as much as the head of the Treasury *
Department pleases, if they do not support his
views; or to receive favors by way of being made
depositories for the public dues; and the Secretary
having the power to appoint agents and clerks ad
libitum. I do not wish to enlarge upon this point
at all, butl say this: if a Secretary of the Treasury
can be furnished with these powers and chooses to
use them, he must be a very bungling politician
if he cannot make himself President any day.
Mr. President, in the outset of our present na-
tional difficulties I had occasion, with some others,
to have a conference with the Secretary of the
Treasury about the public funds, bonds, &c. I
suppose we then understood, as it has been un-
derstood always, that no nation is expected to pay
the expenses of a war while that war continues;
it is not expected by the world; but that if a coun-
try raises taxes from year to year to meet its
ordinary expenses and to pay the interest on its
loans, it can always obtain a loan. Have we not
done that? Will not the' amount of our duties on
imports and our income from the internal revenue
duties, which, it is said, will amount to something
like $150,000,000, pay our ordinary expenses, and
pay not only the interest on $1,000,000,000, but
twice §1,000,000,000? If you have a debt of
§1,000,000,000, §60,000,000 will pay the interest
of it at six per cent.; §190,000,000 would pay the
interest of it, if, instead of §1,000,000,000, it were
§2,000,000,000. We raise enough to pay it, and
pay it in gold. Have our stocks been sold at a,
discount? Notatall. The gentleman from Ohio
read to us here to what extreme depreciation the
public stocks of England and Prance went in a
period of distress. Have we suffered any sacri-
fice of that sort? Notatall. The view then enter-
tained by us at that conference has been realized.
The mode of raising money by loan during war
is either by long loans upon bonds, as they are
called, on interest, or by furnishing a circulating
medium to the people in the form of Treasury
notes. That is a loan without interest; the other
is a loan with interest. That is the only differ-
ence between them. But in relation to the loan
without interest, that is, circulating money, there
must be a large measure of caution; for if you put
out any too much, there will be a period of de-
preciation and distress following; and therefore
it requires great caution. At the time they were
issued, I entertained the opinion that we had no
right to make them a legal tender for debts. I
thought so then, and I think so now; but I was
voted down, and it remains a question for the
courts to decide. I have no more to say about
that subject. I leave that question to the courts.'
But because you can send it out cheaply, and be-
cause you have no interest to pay upon it, any pres-
sure for the need of some money is very likely to
tempt us to put it out. I said at the time we autho-
rized them that the apprehension of danger would
be from extending and extending the issue as de-
mands arose. I was reconciled in a great meas-
ure to the circulation of these Treasury notes as
a currency from this view: we inserted a pro-
vision that the holders might at any time fund
them at the Treasury for twenty years six per
cent, bonds. It seemed to me that if there was
any depreciation of them in the market, you
would find the people funding them. It was a sort
of safety-valve, a barometer to ascertain when
there was a tendency to depreciate, for then they
would run off into bonds. The Secretary says he
has found much difficulty in relation to those
bonds. He cannot get anything of an advance
for them, because anybody can take thom with
these greenbacks as you call them at par at the
Treasury at any time; and he is very desiious of
getting rid of that provision. The finance bill on
our table contains a provision for that; that is,
fixing a time within which they shall be funded,
and prohibiting it after that time. I do not ob-
ject to that particularly; though when it is adopt-
ed we lose this safety-valve. However, we se-
cure other advantages, and a chance to negotiate
that paper in the market for some advancement.
We have relieved the Secretary of any ^pruble
on that score. All the danger now is that you
I may issue too many of these bills. How are you
I to ascertain when they depreciate > for, when they
