872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 11,
do, you should stop. The .Secretary labors at
length in his report to show that they have not
depreciated. I agree to that. There has been
no redundancy of circulation at all, and there is
none now. What, then, is the cause of apprehen-
sion ? Why the necessity to resort to new schemes
to get along* We have need of them for circula-
tion; and I take it we will take care they do not
g;o too far. It is due from us to the country that
they shall not be allowed to go too far and be too
numerous. As we can raise enough by taxes to
pay the interest on the loans, I have no appre-
hension on that subject at all.
We have issued say about two hundred and
fifty million dollars of these notes, besides a hun-
dred and fifty or a hundred and sixty millions of
Bank circulation. It is said it has not depreci-
ated; that we could not find enough of it lately to
make a loan in New Yoik. Where has it gone,
and what has become of it? If gentlemen wiil
reflect, in the first place they will remember the
whole of the specie circulation has been taken
up. All that had to be filled in the current of cir-
culation with this paper. In the next piace, we
had a large amount—more than gentlemen not
' acquainted with that locality would imagine—of
Canadian circulation extending along our whole
frontier far off into the West, into Michigan, and
1 believe clear off to the Mississippi river. The
moment this war came on that was cashed on pre-
sentation, and was carried home and disappeared.
That amount of currency had to be supplied.
Then, again, a large body of western banks,
founded on southern stocks, went down when this
rebellion took piace,and all that currency went out
of existence, and had to be supplied. I can easily
see that this, together with the very large demand
for the use of money in moving this large body
of provisions, paying large bodies of troops, mak-
ing large contracts for all Army supplies, requires
the use of a much extended amount of circulation.
Instead of having, with what we have put out,
and with what the banks have put out, any re-
dundancy, there is a demand in the market, and
no depreciation has happened, as evidenced by
any increase of prices.
1 now wish to call attention to this scheme as
compared with the one we have in operation at
present. We put out our circulation, and it takes
its circulation, I suppose, without much expense.
If you will put it into the currents of commerce
H will go West, drift off by its own wind, 1 take
it, wherever it is needed. It needs no expanse of
the Government to do that, if you but put it out.
It circulates and answers to the people the pur-
poses of circulation at present; and it costs com-
paratively nothing to the Government, merely the
cost of striking it off. Now, what do you pro-
. pose to do in lieu of it? To induce people to take
$300,000,000 of stock on interest, set up these
banks, put out their circulation as a national cur-
rency, and we guaranty its payment. Wherein
is that any better than the paper we have got out
now? I will ask gentlemen to put that question
to themselves. Is it any better? What is it
founded on? United States credit,United States
stocks. Whom do the bill-holders look to for
final redemption? The United Suites Treasury.
We say we will redeem them. The system has
no other foundation. All these fictitious contriv-
ances# about the responsibility of the individual
stockholders amount to just nothing at ail. As
to the provision retaining twenty-five percent, of
their circulation, they can put that in their own
pockets whenever they please, and there is no-
body to question them about it. It is simply and
singly founded upon the public responsibility;
and indeed the honorable Senator from Ohio claims
that to be its great feature of excellence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator want an
answer to his question ? if he does, I will answer
it the best way I can.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not ask for an an-
swer now. The answer might be as long as his
Speech. I am not asking the Senator any ques-
tions. When I do, I will await his answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator need not make
any remark about it, for I understood him dis-
tinctly to ask a question. He looked at me and
propounded a question. Of course I do not wish
to fpfftwer it now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not put a question.
It is true I did look at the Senator. If that is
offensive I will not look at him ajrain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood him to put a
question distinctly.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; I put no question.
The honorable Senator claimed the fact that this
paper rested on our public credit as its great vir-
tue, as its great excellence. Very well; let it be
so. I have no objection to it. I was not going to
answer that, nor to controvert it in anyway. But
does not your present circulation rest on the same
basis precisely? Then,putting itin plain English,
you propose to hire these people to go into these
associations, take these bonds and deposit them.
They are to pay two per cent, on their circulation,
and you pay them six on their bonds. I will call
it four per cent.; though it is more, as the gentle-
man knows, because the two per cent, they pay
in currency and the six perccnt. we pay in gold.
The amount of it is this: we say to them, " if you
will do this to the amount of $300,000,000, and
put out notes to the extent of ninety per cent, of
the bonds, wc will pay you $12,000,000 in gold
every year for doing it." You may talk about
its being in the form of bonds, but that does not
alter'it at all. We are to enter into that arrange-
ment with them. If they take their money, buy
these bonds, put them on deposit, issue paper to
the extent of ninety per cent, of those bonds and
circulate it, and pay two per cent, on that circu-
lation, we pay themsixon the bonds; that is,we
pay them four per cent, on the bonds, if they wilj
do us this great service ! There is all there is
about it. You may discuss it as you please and use
a great many financial expressions and schemes;
but that is the English of it; that is the simple
common sense of it. Instead of circulating that
amount of our own currency upon our own re-
sponsibility and paying nothing, we are to hire
them to circulate that amount of our currency,
and pay them §19,000,000 a year in gold for doing
it; and we are to be responsible after all. That
is all there is of it. Yankee as I am, I am una-
ble to perceive how it is possible that that can be a
good trade for us, or how any shrewd man would
ever think of entering into an agreement of that
kind.
Mr. President, this measure looks to me, and
I am suspicious it will look to the moneyed world,
like an acknowledgment of a terrible desperation
iti the financial affairs of this country, which we
disclose by offering to make such a provision as
this. It is conceding to the world that we have
become perfectly desperate; that we will hire these
banks to circulate these bills, and guaranty the
payment of them, which are in fact no more nor
loss than our bills, and pay them $12,000,000 a
year for doing it; whereas, if we were to circulate
our own bills, it would cost us nothing. I am
unwilling to make such an acknowledgment of
desperation as that to the world.
But it is said the State banks increase their cir-
culation unreasonably, and, it is thought, some-
times dangerously. The Secretary "says that
they have increased during the last year about
§30,000,000; from something over $130,000,000
to something over $160,000,000. 1 can sayt f the
banks of New England that no man can suppose
any great increase can take place there, as their
circulation has to be redeemed in Boston and in
New York, and in exchange, every day. It has
to be redeemed every day through the Suffolk
Bank, the Bank of Mutual Redemption, the Me-
tropolitan Bank, and at the Clearing House, and
when any bank gets out an amount beyond its
responsibility, it is known in twenty-four hours,
and its bills are thrown out.
The reason of tlnsextcnded increase of currency
by the banks was the demand for it, arising from
what I have already stated, the withdrawing of
the circulation money, the breaking up of the west-
ern banks. Our own banks in Vermont even were
called upon for large sums of money. A single
bank I knew lent $200,000 or $300,000 for the pur-
pose of enabling a man to go west to purchase wool
throughout the West to bring to market. A large
portion of that money has not come back, from
last syramer to this lime. The reason is that they
needed the money in the West forciiculation, and
they have kept it there for their business in conse-
quence of the breaking down of their banks. No
blame can be attached to the banks for that. But
if there is danger of that, if there is any apprehen-
sion of an artificial increase of that kind, take the
House bill as they have sent it to us, that puts a
tax on all banks that circulate beyond a certain
amount, proportionate to their capital. That may
be a proper check. I do not say ihat it is not.
That which you can cure and stop, you, it seems,
will not cure and stop, but will make a topic to
use for another purpose, for destroying the banks
altogether. That would hardly seem to be proper.
Some words have been said about their taking
these United States notes and banking on them.
What hurt does that do? No bank ever issues
or deposits more than theamountof them, never
quite that. If they keep the United States notes
in their vaults, it leaves so much more room for
the circulation of more of them. Is anybody
injured by that? The truth is, Mr. President,
the fact that the banks have issued and cannot
get back their circulation at this time is evidence
of what? That there is a redundancy of the cur-
rency and a fear of depreciation r It is directly
the other way. it is evidence there is no redun-
dancy, and the reason they cannot get it back
is it is wanted, it is needed in circulation.
It is said that after all the great object to be ef-
fected is a uniform currency. Weil now, Mr.
President, the idea of making a uniform currency
by force of law is utteily impracticable. You
might just as well make a law to regulate the cir-
culation of blood in the human system. You
have a most explicit law that a certain weight of
gold stamped in a certain way shall positively be
here in the United States ten dollars. You have
another law that a piece of paper stamped so and
so, and saying thus and so, shall be ten dollars
lawful money, a legal tender. Have you not by
law made them exactly alike as far as human laws
can? Yes. Are they alike ? Are they ofthesame
value? The laws of commerce and the laws of
pecuniary circulation are utterly beyond human
legislation.
And here, Mr. President, I cannot but call at-
tention for a moment to the extraordinary manner,
as it seems to me, in which gentlemen, when they
get a favoi ite idea and theory, having plausibility
with them, soon become what is called one-ideaed;
it is a hobby, and everything gives way to it, and
they can see in everythingcvulcncc to themselves
of its correctness. The honorable Senator from
Ohio, before this bill came before us at all, and to
prepare the way for it, as "coming events cast
their shadows before," some time since made us
a great speech against banks and bank circula-
tion; and the great burden of it was, the inequal-
ity of that circulation because it would not go
everywhere; and, among other things, he cited, as
an authority for him to make a uniform paper cur-
rency—for that is what we are at—the argument
of Mr. Webster upon the reestablishmcnt of the
old national bank.
Did Mr. Webster, and those men who acted
with him, when they wanted to make a uniform
currency, by means of that United States Bank,
everywhere currentand receivable forpublic dues,
undertake to say that they would make that out
of a paper currency m any other way than by
having it convertible on demand into specie?
Never. What is wanted now is that we should
establish a system and make a national currency
irredeemable m specie; and the honorable Senator
quoted—and I read from his quotation—from Mr.
Webster, a few words. Mr. Webster said:
"A sound currency is an essential and indispensable
security lor the fruits of industry and honest enterprise.
Eveiy man ot piopertj- or industry, every man who desires
to preserve what he honestly pows«:es. or to obtain what
he can honestly earn, has a direct inteiest in maintaining
a sate circulating medium; such a medium as shall be a
real and Mibotnntinl jepreacntativc of property, not liable to
vibrate with opinions, not subject to be blown up or blown
down by the breath of speculation, but made stable and
fcecuie by its immediate lclation to that which the whole
world regards as, of a permanent value.'5
That is it. The right of being at once trans-
ferred into specie on demand wns alone the basis
on which it could be made^ood. After other elo-
quent remarks, Mr. Webster said:
Our own history has recorded for our instruction
enough, and moic than enough, ot the demobilizing tend-
ency, the injustice, and the intolerable oppression on llio
vntuousand weJl-dispo&ed, of a degraded paper currency,
authoiized by law, or m any way countenanced by Govern-
ment "
That is it. Paper not redeemable in specie, and
authorized by law, was what he opposed. No
words could to my mind be more in condemnation
of the proposed system than these, instead of being
in support of it, as they are quoted.
The next question is, Mr. President, suppose
the.se bai>ks were established, would that make'a
