APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 3,
37xh Cong....3d Sess.
Lmvs of the United States.
manner and in the same eases in which such ap-
peals are now allowed to the circuit court of the
United States for the District of Columbia. Such
appeals shall be heard and decided at a special
term.
Sao. 13. AtuI be it farther enacted, That all suits
and proceedings which at the time this act takes
effect shall be pending in any of the courts hereby
abolished shall be transferred to the courts to be
established under the provisions of this act, and
may be prosecuted therein with the same effect as
they might have been in the court in which the
same were commenced. Process issued out of
any of said courU shall also be returned to the
court hereby established.
Sec. 14. And be U further enacted, That justices
of the peace may be removed by the court to be
organized under the provisions of this act at a
general term,after due notice,and an opportunity
to be heard in their defense, and for causes to be
assigned in the order of removal.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the jus-
tices to be appointed by virtue of this act shall
receive an annual salary of three thousand dollars,
to be paid quarterly at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the cir-
cuit court, district court, and criminal court of the
District of Columbia are hereby abolished. All
laws and parts of laws relating to said courts, so
far as the same are applicable to the courts cre-
ated by this act, are hereby continued in force in
respect to such courts, and all other laws and
parts of laws relating to said circuit, district, and
criminal courts are repealed.
Sec. 17. Jind be it further enacted, ThatthePres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a suit-
able person, learned in the law, to revise and cod-
ify the laws of the District of Columbia.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the per-
son who shall be thus appointed shall receive ten
dollars per day for his services whilst so employed,
and shall render a final report of his revision and
codification to Congress on or before the fi'rstday
of January next.
Approved, March 3,18G3.
Chap. XCIt.—An Act to amend an Act to es-
tablish" a Court for the Investigation of Claims
against the United States, approved February
twenty-fourth,eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of lltpc-
sentativesoftke United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, Tluit there shall be appointed by the
X>resident, by and with the advice and consentof
the Senate, two additional judges for the said
court, to hold their offices during good behavior,
who shall be qualified in the same manner, dis-
charge the same duties, and receive the same com-
pensation as now provided in reference to the
judges of said court; and that from the whole
number of said judges the President shall in like
manner appoint a chief justice of said court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all peti-
tions and bills prayingor providing for the satis-
faction of puvate claims against the Government,
founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any
regulation of an Executive Department, or upon
any contract, express or implied, with the Gov-
ernment of the United States, shall, unless other-
wise ordered by resolution of the House in which
the same are presented or introduced, be trans-i
mitted by the Secretary of theSenate or the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, with all the ac-
companying documents, to the couit aforesaid.
Slc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
court,in addition to the jurisdiction noweonferred
by law, shall also have jurisdiction of all set-offs,
counter-claims, claims for damages, whether li-
quidated or unliquidated, or other demands what-
soever, on the part of the Governnientagainstany
person making claim against the Government in
said couit; and upon the trial of any such cause
it shall hear and determine such claim or demand
bath for and against the Government and claim-
ant; and if upon ihe whole case it finds.that the
claimant is indebted to the Government, it shall
wider [render] judgment to that effect, and such
judgment shall be final,'with the right of appeal,
as in other cases herein provided for. Any tran-
script of such judgment, filed in the clerk's office
of any district or circuit court of the United States,
shall be entered upon the records of the same, and
shall ipso facto become and be a judgment of such
district or circuit court, and shall be enforced in
like manner as other judgments therein.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the said
Court of Claims shall hold one annual session,
commencing on the first Monday in October in
each year, and continuing so long as may be ne-
cessary for the prompt disposition of the business
of the court. The said court may prescribe rules
and regulations for practice therein, and it may
punish for contempt, in the manner prescribed by
common law. It may appoint commissioners,
and may generally exercise such powers as are
necessary to carry out the powers herein granted
to it. The judges, solicitors, and clerks of said
court shall be admitted to the use of the congres-
sionallibrary.and also the law library, until a law
library be provided for them. The said court may
appoint a bailiff, who shall hold his office during
four years, unless sooner removed by said court
for cause, and who shall receive a salary of one
thousand dollars, payable quarterly. The judges
and clerks of said court may administer oaths
and affirmations, take acknowledgments of instru-
ments of writing,and give certificates ofthesame.
Said court shall have a seal, with such device as
it may order. Members of either House of Con-
gress shall not practice in said Court of Claims.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That either
party may appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States from any final judgment or decree
which may hereafter be rendered in any ca3e by
said court wherein the amount in controversy ex-
ceeds three thousand dollars, under such regula-
tions as the said Supreme Court may direct: Pro-
vided, That such appeal shall be taken within
ninety days after the rendition of such judgment
or decree: Jlnd provided further, That when the
judgment or decree will affect a class of cases, or
furnish a precedent for the future action of any
Executive Department of the Government in the
adjustment of such class of cases, or a constitu-
tional question, and such facts shall be certified
to by the presiding justice of the Court of Claims,
the Supreme Court shall entertain an appeal on
behalf of the United States, without regard to the
amount in controversy.
Sec. 0. Jlnd be il further enacted, That the so-
licitor, assistant solicitor, and deputy solicitor of
said court, shall hereafter be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and it shall be their duty faithfully
and diligently to defend the United. States in all
matteis and cases before said Court of Claims;
and in all cases taken by appeal therefrom to the
Supreme-Court; and no other fee or compensa-
tion than the salary of said solicitor, and assistant
and deputy solicitors, shall hereafter, in any case
be paid to either of them, and no fee or compem
sation for services in either the Supreme Court or
Court of Claims shall hereafter be allowed or paid
in any case by the United States.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all
cases of final judgments by said court, or on ap-
peal by the said Supreme Court where the same
shall bo affirmed in favor of the claimant, the sum
due thereby shall be paid out of any general ap-
propriation made bylaw for the paymentand sat-
isfaction of private claims, on presentation to the
Secretary of the Treasury of a copy of said judg-
ment, certified by the clerk of said Court of Claims,
and signed by the chief justice, or, in his absence,
by the'presiding judge ot'said court. And in cases
where the judgment appealed frorog|ttfea faver of
said claimant, or the same is alurnrHHy the said
Supreme Court, interest thereon at therate of five
per centum shall be allowed from the date of its
presentation to the Secretary nf the Treasury for
payment as aforesaid, but no interest shall be al-
lowed subsequent to the affirmance, unless pre-
sented for payment to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as aforesaid: Provided, That no interest shall
be allowed on any claim up to the time of the ren-
dition of the judgment by said Court of Claims,
unless upon a contract expressly stipulating for
the payment of interest, and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury, at the commence-
ment of each Congress, to include in his reporter
[a] statement of all sums paid at the Treasury on
such judgments, together with the names of the
parties in whose favor the same were allowed:
And it is further provided, That such payments
shall be a full discharge to the United States of
all claim or demand touching any of the matters
involved in the controversy: And providedfurther,
That any final judgment rendered against the
claiman ton any claim prosecuted as aforesaid shall
forever bar any further claim or demand against
the United States arising out of the matters in-
volved in the controversy.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for said court, at the instance of the so-
licitor for the United States, to make an order in
any case pending in said court, directing that the
claimant or claimants in such case, or any one or
more of them, shall appear, upon reasonable no-
tice, before any commissioner of said court, and
be examined on oath or affirmation touching any
or all matters pertaining to said claim. And the
examination of such claimant or claimants shall
be reduced to writing by the said commissioner,
and be returned to and filed in said court, and
may, at the discretion of the solicitor for the Uni-
ted States, be read and used as evidence on the
trial of said cause. And if any claimant or claim-
ants, after such order has been made, and due and
reasonable notice thereof given to him or them,
shall fail to appear or shall refuse to testify or
answer fully as to all matters within his knowl-
edge material to the issue, the said court inay, in
its discretion, order that the said cause shall not
be brought forward for trial until the said claim-
ant or claimants shall have fully complied with the
order of said court in the premises.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the juris-
diction of the said court shall not extend to or
include any claim against the Government not
pending in said court on the first day of Decem-
ber, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, growing out of or dependent on any treaty-
stipulation entered into with foreign nations or
with the Indian tribes.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That every
claim against the United States, cognizable by
the Court of Claims, shall be forever barred un-
less the petition setting forth a statement of the
claim be filed in the court or transmitted to it un-
der the provisions of this act within six years
after the claim firstaccrues: Provided, That claims
which have accrued six years before the passage
of this act shall not be barred if the petition be
filed in the court or transmitted as aforesaid with-
in three years after the passage of this act: And
providedfurther, That the claims of married wo-
men first accrued during marriage, of persons
under the age of twenty-one years first accruing
during minority, and of idiots, lunatics, insane
persons, and persons beyond seas at the time the
claim accrued, entitled to the claim, shall not be
barred if the petition be filed in the court or
transmitted, as aforesaid, within three years after
the disability has ceased; but no other disability
than those enumerated shall prevent any claim
from being barred, nor shall any of the said dis-
abilities operate cumulatively.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That any
person or persons who shall corruptly practice or
attempt to practice any fraud against the United
States in the proof, statement, establishment, or
allowance of any claim, or any part of any claim
against the United States, shall ipso facto forfeit
the same to the Government; and it shall be the
duty of rhe Court of Claims, in such cases, to
find specifically that such fraud was practiced or
attempted to be practiced, and theieupon give
judgment that such claim is forfeited to the Gov-
ernment, and that the claimant be forever barred
from prosecuting the same. Appeals may be
taken from the Court of Claims to the Supreme
Court, in all such cases, on all questions of law,
in the manner herein provided for appeals in other
cases.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That any pe-
tition filed under this act shall be verified by the
affidavit of the claimant, his agent, or attorney,
stating that no assignment or transfer of said
claim, or any part thereof, or any interest theiein,
has been made, except as in said petition stated;
that said claimant is justly entitled to the amount
therein claimed from that United States, after
