1863.]
APPENDIX 'tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcB.
Latvs of the United States.
37th CoNa....3  Skss.
allowing all just credits and offsets; and that he
believes the facts as stated in said petition are
true: Provided,however, That in order to authorize
the said court to render a judgment in favor of
any claimant, if a citizen of the United States, it
shall be set forth in the petition that the claimant,
and the original and every prior owner thereof
where the claim has been assigned, has at all times
borne true allegiance to the Government of the
United States, and whether a citizen or not, that
he has not in anyway voluntarily aided,abetted,
or given encouragement to rebellion against the
said Government, which allegations maybe trav-
ersed by the Government, and if on the trial such
issue shall be decided against the claimant, his
petition shall be dismissed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all laws
and parts [of laws] inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this net are hereby repealed.
Sec. 14. Jlndbe it further enacted, That no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury for any claim
passed upon by the Court of Claims till after an
appropriation therefor shall be Estimated for by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act to give greater efficiency
to the Judicial System of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmcrica in Congress
assembled, That whenever the judge of the supreme
court for any circuit, from disability, absence, the
accumulation of business in the circuit court in
any district within his circuit, or from his having
been of counsel or being interested in any case
pending in such circuit court, or from any other
cause, shall deem it advisable that the circuit court
in such district shall be holden by the judge of any
other circuit he may request, in writing, the judge
of anyothercircuittohold the circuit court in such
district, during a lime to be named in such request;
and such request shall be entered upon the jour-
nal of the circuit courtso to be holden. And there-
upon it shall be lawful for the judge so requested
to hold the circuit court in such district, and to
excicise all the powers of the judge of such cir-
cuit within and for such district during the time
named in such request.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the judge
of any circuit may order any civil cause certified
into any circuit court within his circuit from any
court of the United States, to be certified hack to
the court whence it came; and in such case such
cause shall be proceeded in by such court, in all
resprcis, as if the same had not been certified from
it: Piovided, That if from any cause it shall be
improper for the judge of such court to try any
such cause so certified back, the same shall lie tried
by some other judge holding such court, pursuant
to the provisions of this act. Whenever, by rea-
son of death or resignation, there shall be no judge
of any circuit, the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States may make the requests
herein provided for, which shall be operative until
such circuit shall be assigned to another judge.
In case of a vacancy in the office of marshal or
district attorney in any circuit, the judge of such
circuit may fill such vacancy, and the person so
appointed shall serve until an appointment shall
be made by the President, and the appointee has
duly qualified, and no longer; and the marshal so
appointed shall give bond as if appointed by the
President, and the bond shall be approved by such
judge. The appointment so made shall be m writ-
ing, and such writing shall be filed in the cieik's
office of the circuit court,and a copy thereof shall
be entered upon the journal of such court. The
clerk of every court shall give bond ill such sum
as may be fixed by the court, with sureties to be
approved by the court, and a new bond may be
required whenever the court shall deem it proper
that such bond shall be given. Every marshal's
bond so given shall be filed in the office of the
clerk of the circuit court, and a copy thereof en-
tered upon the journal of the court. A copy of
every bond given by a clerk shall be entered on the
journal of the court for which he is appointed,
and the bond shall be deposited for safe-keeping
as the court may direct. A certified copy of such
entry shall he prima facie proof of the execution
of such bond, and of the contents thereof.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XCIV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act to further promote the efficiency of
the Navy," approved December twenty-one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any captain m the Navy retired
by the act entitled " An act to further promote
the efficiency of the Navy," approved December
twenty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, duly
recommended according to law, may be promoted
to the grade of*commodore upon the retired list.
Sec. 2. .And be it further enacted, That section
twelve of an act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
States Navy," approved July sixteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to wit: " Jlnd be it further
enacted, That the three senior rear admirals shall
wear a square blue flag at the mainmast head,
the next three at the foremast head, and all others
at the mizzen," be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XCV.—An Act to facilitate the taking of
Depositions within the United States, to be used
in the Courts of other Countries, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of .America in Congress
assembled, That the testimony of any witness re-
siding within the United States, to be used in any
suit for the recovery of money or property de-
pending m any court in any foreign country with
which the United Slates are at peacc, and in which
the Government of such foreign country shall be
a party or shall have an interest,, may be obtained,
to be used in such suit. If a commission or let-
ters rogatory to take such testimony shall have
been issued from the court in which said suit is
pending, on producing the same before the dis-
trict juilge of any district where said witness re-
sides' or shall be found, and on due proof being
made to such judge that the testimony of any
witness is material to the party desiring the same,
such judge shall issue a summons to such witness
requiring him to appear before the officer or com-
missioner named in such commission or letters
rogatory, to testify in such suit. Such summons
shall specify the time and place at which such
witness is required to attend, which place shall
be within one hundred miles of the place where
said witness resides or shall be served with said
summons.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time
and place mentioned m the summons issued, in
accordance with this act, or if, upon his appear-
ance, he shall refuse to testify, he shall he liable
to the same penalties as would he incurred for a
like offense on the trial of a suit in the district
court of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
witness who .shall appear and testify, m manner
aforesaid, shall be allowed and shall receive from
the party, at whose instance he shall have been
summoned, the same fees and mileage as are al-
lowed to witnesses in suits depending in the dis-
trict courts of the United Slates.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when-
ever any commission or letters rogatory, issued
to take the testimony of any witness in a foreign
country, in any suit in which tho^United Slates
are parties or have an inteiest, shall have been
executed by the court or the commissioner to
whom the same shall have been directed, the
same shall be returned by such court or commis-
sioner to the minister or consul of the United
States nearest the place where said letters or com-
mission shall have been executed, who, on re-
ceiving the same, shall indorse thereon a certifi-
cate, stating the time and place when and where
the same was received; and that the said deposi-
tion is in the same condition as when he received
the same; and he shall thereupon transmit the
said letters or commission, so executed and cer-
tified, by mail, to the clerk of the court fro tit
which the same issued, in the manner in'vjrfifcft
his official dispatches are transmuted to the Gov-
ern men t. And the testimony of witnesses sd
aforesaid taken and returned' shafTbe read aS evi-
dence on the trial of the suit in which the sarti&
shall have been taken, without objection as to
method of returning the same.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. XCVI.—An Act to establish a Branch
Mint of the United States in the Territory of
Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That a branch of the Mint of the Uni-
ted States be located and established at Carson
City, in the Territory of Nevada, for the coinage
of gold and silver.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for car-
rying on the business of said branch, the follow-
ing officers shall be appoin ted, as soon as the pub-
lic interest shall require their service, upon the
nomination of the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, namely: one su-
perintendent, one assayer, one melter and refiner,
and one coiner; and the said superintendent shall
employ as many clerks, subordinate workmen,
and laborers, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, as may be required. The sala-
ries of the said officers shall be as follows: to the
superintendent, the sum of two thousand dollars;
to theassayer, the sum of eighteen hundred dollars;
to the melterand refiner, eighteen hundred dollars;
to the clcrks, subordinate workmen, and laborers,
such wages and allowances as are customary, ac-
cording to their respective stations and occupa-
tions.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the of-
ficers and cleiks to be appointed under this act,
before entering upon the execution of their offices,
shall take an oath or affirmation, before some judge
of the United Stales or of the supreme court of
said Territory, faithfully and diligently to perform
the duties of their offices, and shall each become
bound to the United States of America, with one
or more sureties, to the satisfaction of the director
of the mint, or the secretary of the Territory of
Nevada, and of the Secretary of the Treasury,
with the condition of the faithful performance of
the duties of their offices.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further enacted, Thatthegen
eral direction of the business of said branch of the
Mint of the United States shall be under the con-
trol and regulation of the director of the Mint at
Philadelphia, subject to the approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and for that purpose
it shall be the duty of the said director to pre-
scribe such regulations and require such returns
periodically and occasionally, and to establish
such chargcs for parting, assaying, refining, and
coining, as shall appear to him to be necessary for
the purpose of carrying into effect the intention of
this act in establishing said branch; also for the
purpose of pieservmg uniformity of weight, form,
and finish in the com slumped at said branch.
Sr.c. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said
branch mint shall be a place of deposit for such
public moneys as the Secretary of the Treasury
n:ay direct. And the superintendent of said branch
mint, who shall perform the duties of treasurer
thereof, shall have the custody of the same, and
also pei form the duties of assistant treasurer; and
for that purpose shall be subject to all the provis-
ions contained in an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better organization of the Treasury,
and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue," approved
August six, eighteen hundred and forty-six, which
relates to the treasury of the branch mint at New
Orleans.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the su-
perintendent of said branch mint be authorized,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, ami on terms to be prescribed by him, to
issue, in payment of (he gold dust and bullion de-
posited for assay and coinage or bars, drafts, or
certificates of deposit, payable at the Treasury or
any sub-treasury of the United Slates, to any de-
positor electing to receive payment in that form.
