1863.
liniioi m cui tern y r You agree to receive th< ir pti-
pei for public du« s and pay it out; but doe* that
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nmlcc it uniform ? It has to bo earned to the bunk
that issued it, and there pay is to he demanded on
it before you can present it to the Tieasury for
payment, Ir is as much exclusively a local paper
as that is which is issued from the hanks now.
Gentlemen say that the people can pay internal du-
ties with it. When a quantity of money is wanted
lo be transferred fiom West to East or Ea&t to
.Vest, will the notes ofthese local banks, for they
are really nothing more than that, go current be-
cause a man, if lie has some of them, may put the
nioht exceptionable and the most distant ones aside
in his pocket once in a year, to pay his taxes with >
Does that make them all alike? Not at all, sir.
They must pass in the currency of commercial
life,and they will be pieciseiy as bank issues now
aie. It may he said that they will be more cred-
itable, because of the responsibility of the Gov-
ernment; but as to their uniformity as currency,
it will not be accomplished at all; they are noth-
ing like equal 111 that respect to your present green-
backs. The United Slates notes which we issue
now will pass anywhere and for anything as well
one thing as another, and are a great deal more
unifoim currency than these bank notes can be.
There is another thing observable m this mat-
ter. When our predecessors were making the
United States Bank, and meant to make its paper
current everywhere because conveitible into spe-
cie, did they undertake to make that uniform (and
that was the great object labored for) by extin-
guishing the State banks? Did they propose the
exercise ofa power of that kind ? No; that is left
with all other extraordinary powers, to be looked
up for this occasion. It was never heard of be-
fore. Was it proposed to tax them out of exist-
ence? They ne\er thought of doing that then,
and did nothing of the kind.
The next thing I come to, Mr. President, is
whether the proposed measure will end our State
banks ? The bill which is the cognate of this, a
pai t of the system, taxes the State banks two per
cent, annually upon their circulation. In all our
country banks at the East the circulation is always
more than the capital of the bank; othci wise they
could make nothing, because their business is en-
tiiely confined to cnculation. They have no ex-
change, or none that amounts to anything. And
here you will observe, and I wish it borne in mind
in my after rcmaiks, ifany man pays any atten-
tion to them, that the theory of this pioposed
system is that there shall be no exchange. These
notes arc to be uniform in their currency eveiy-
where, all alike. That is the great excellence of !
this scheme; and then, of course, there will be j
nothing to pay for exchange. The difference of :
price between the cmrency of different points,
which makes the exchange, will not exist at all.
That is what is claimed. Of course, then, the
business of banks anywhere and everywhere
hereafter will be merely loaning their money and
accommodating the people with loans of their
money, not with their capital—that is lent to
the Government—but on notes which are Fur-
nished them for circulation. As for exchange,
this ends it, if the theory and principle of this bill
is right.
A bank which has $100,000 of capital in New
England must keep out more than $100,000 in
bills, or it makes nothing. Then you tax the
bank not immediately on its capital, but the pro-
posed tax is two per cent, on its circulation. That
would be aboutthree per cent on itscapitnl. Now,
however extravagant a srontlcman may think me
who looks be)'ond the Ohio, I tel! him all the
banks of New "England, and 1 think of New V oi k,
too,aveta^rrdai uund among them, have not made,
and do not make, and cannot make, more than
seven per cent, a yar. Whenever stockholders
put their nvmey into a bank and cannot m<ike
more than six per cent, lawful interest, they will
soon diaw it out. They may be willing to take
that much in iciest for one year; but if if turns out
in the course of yeais that they cannot realize
more than six per cent, from tlu-ir investment in
a bank the stockholders will say, "we cannot
afford to hire you as a bank to do our business;
let us have our money back; we can make six per
cent, out of it ourselves." When a bank cannot
make six per cent, it will soon wind up.
This tax, as 1 say, is just about three per cent,
on their capital. They make but seven per cent.
i on their capital at best, after paying expenses.
! Take three from that, and there is but four per
; cent. left. Now, I say—and itdoes not need many
words on that point—that, as a matter of course,
this ends our banks, and they mustbe wound up.
It is intended to be so. if it does not effect that
purpose sooner or later, then thegreat^urpose of
this bill fails; you do not get a uniform national
currency. If this will not do it, more shall do it;
and a larger tax will be imposed. That is part of
the system; but I grant that this will do it.
There has been some strange, and I may say
extraordinary, talk on this subject. Itis said that
two per cent, is no more than a reasonable revenue
tax on a bank, and that it is'only fair and equal in
our system of taxation to impose that rate. I
wish to call attention for a moment to that pre-
tense. Itis more than intimated in the rcportofthe
Secretary oftheTieasuryand the President's late
message that a bank makes its bills and circulates
them, and that docs not cost it much, and we charge
manufacturers three per cent, tax on the articles
they make and carry to market and sell; and,
therefoi e, it is no more than equal to tax the banks
three per cent, on the circulation they have out.
When a manufacturer is taxed three per cent, on
tin; article he manufactures, on the cloth he makes,
every one knows that when he sells the cloth he
puts the three per cent, on the price; and every
man through whose hands that cloth passes, takes
it with that three per cent, added to the original
price as part of the value. In that way the man-
ufacturer gets back the three per cent. Now, take
the case of a bank. Suppose a bank issues $1,000
circulation and is taxed two per cent. Can it say
to the man that takes it, that is $,1,020 ? Can the
man take it at $1,020 and pass it off for that, and
so have it go current in the world as §1,020? Cer-
tainly not. Then there is no resemblance between
the two cases. There is an obvious delusion in
undertaking to make a resemblance of that kind
wheie none exists.
It is said, however, that it is a fair tax in pro-
portion to our other war taxes. Let us look at this
for a moment. My neighbor here, [Mr. Fessen-
den ,] we will say, has $100,000, the result of his
long earnings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope he will have it. If
my will would give it lo him, he should have it.
He has $100,000 saved, we will say, and having
retired from business he lives by loaning out that
money, and he realizes six per cent, a year on
it. How much do we tax him? One hundred
and '-ighty dollars, three per cent, on what he gets.
I am going now upon the ground that he has got
§>6,000 income in some other way. We tax him
three per cent, on his gain; and that is $180, al-
though he has used S100,000. Here are three
other neighbors of mine—I will not include my-
self, because that would make the supposition too
improbable—who have $100,000, and they bank
with it according to the law of their State. What
do they make? Pei haps they make eight per cent.
If they do make £8,000 on the $100,000, they have
to paya tax of three per cent, on that now, and it
goes into the Treasury. Out what is the proposi-
tion here? The Government says to them, 4< you
have got $100,000 invested in hanking; you will
therefore probably have about $150,000 of circu-
lation; we will tax you on the <>150,000 one per
cent, every six months, or twopei cent, a year."
Mow much will that be ? Three thousand dollars.
" For the use of your §100,000 m banking you
shall pay $3,000a year.'' Theother man, for the
use of his $100,000, nays but $180 a year. Do
yoil call that fair and equal taxation? The one
pays $130, while the other, on the same amount of
capital, pays ^3,000. It is perfectly monstrous.
It Ls said, however, that it is proposed to tax
the associations that shall be organized under this
bill two per cent, on their circulation, and there-
fore it is no more than fair that\ve should tax the j1
State banks two per cent, on their circulation. !
Let us attend to that for a moment. That sug- [i
gestioti is quite plausible,and may go down with i!
a man who will not think on the subject or listen
to anything about it. But let us look at it. The •;
bank'which is foirued by association, under this j;
bill, must always have its eiteulation less than li
the piincipal, because U receives but ninety per jj
cent, on its deposit of bonds for the purpose of
circulation, and then it has always to keep on ij
hand twenty-five per cent, moie of other money to it
redeem its circulation. To work a bank of thi's
kind, therefore, you put in $100,000 in bonds, and
then take out $90,000 in notes, and must keep on
hand §22,500 of other money, twenty-five percent,
of the $90,000, to redeem with. Such an associa-
tion would have to pay two per cent, only on tire
$90,000 of circulation. Now, take a State bank
which has $100,000 capital, and must circulate
$150,000 to make anything. You make that bank
pay two perccnt. on $150,000, and the other bank
two per cent, on $90,000,and yet you call that equal.
Again: the Government says to the banks or-
ganized under this bill," we will take your money-,
we will pay it out to the soldiers and to all our
creditors; we will make it a national currency;
we will guaranty the payment of it, if you will
enter into this bargain with us." Can they not
very well afford to pay two per cent, to have all
these privileges? Then you turn around to the
State banks and tax them two per ccnt., butyou
will not take a dollar of their money; you will not
circulate any of their money; you decry them here
before the nation; you engage the most eloquent
men in the Senate to bring them into disrepute
and contempt, and seek to annihilate them if you
can, and yet tax them two per cent. Is this equal?
But go a step further. You say by this bill,
"put your money here into these associations,
and there shall be no State tax levied on you;"
but you say to the State banks, " all your stock,
all your property is subject to taxation by the
States," which, 1 take it, in the various forms of
taxation, State, county, town,&c., amounts to
two per cent. I think I am putting it quite low in
time of war when I put it at two per cent. You
clear the banks created under this bill of all State
tax, and they pay you two percent. On the other
hand, you say to the State banks that they shall
pay the two percent, to you, and be subject to all
these taxes. Do you call that equal? Do you call
it fair ?
Our largest city banks, it will be observed, have
very little circulation. Some of the very largest
have none at all, and most of them have very lit-
tle. They care nothing about circulation. They
do business on deposits. A law taxing circula-
tion does not reach them at all. Now, doing
business on deposits amounts exactly to the same
thing as doing business on circulation. In the
cities the people do not keep their money in their
pockets, but take it to banks and deposit it, and
they take it out whenever they want it. The
banks, knowingfrom experience about how much
deposits they will always have on hand, make
their calculations to accommodate people on the
strength of the deposits. How is it with the
country banks? In the country the people keep
their money in their own pockets; do not deposit
it in bank. The banks from experience see about
how much of their circulation is kept out all the
while, and they accommodate the people on the
strength of that. Is not the result exactly the
same ? What difference does it make to the bank
whether I keep in my pocket the money they issue
or put it into their vault ? It amounts to precisely
the some thing to them; and yet you say by your
tax bill that those who use the circulation shall
pay two per cent, a year, and those banks that
work on deposits shall pay nothing at all; thus,
if you please, subsidizing all our country banks
to the large city institutions. *
But you say, " well, if we destroy your coun-
try banks by taxing them out of existence on their
circulation, the people will bo resupphod by new
banks made under this bill." I believe no new
banks will be made under this bill m the country.
I cannot say what may be done in the cities; and
1 do not know but what there might be some made
in some of the States in the West where their in-
terest is ten per cent. I believe there have been
some such States; whether there aic any now I
do not know. Inasmuch as they may lend money
at the rate of inteiest legal in the State where they
lend it under this bill, if there is any place where
they can take this ninety per cent, of notes and
go and lend it at ten per cent, a year, they may £et
along with it; 1 ut I cannot answer for that. My
notion, however, has been that very heavy pet-
cent. interest is merely nothing more nor less than
the correlative of very poor security. They gen-
erally go together. But I am talking now of the
country at the East, where our rate of interest is
six per cent., and about the probability of men
there going and getting these bonds for the pur-
