=874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
pose of setting up a bank; I know that men will,
when they have money out of use in a time of war,
buy United States stocks; and they hold them in
their own hands. Some will put money on de-
posit and take a certificate for it and take four or
live per cent, interest, so as to have it where they
can get it on demand. Some will take seven-thirty
bonds, or six per cent, bonds, holding them in
their hands, watching the fluctuations of the mar-
ket, and watching the chances of war, and all that,
to put them out of their hands whenever conve-
nience requires. But here you are asking these
,people that they shall go and buy these bonds as
a permanent investment, set up their banks upon
them, put them in operation, and placc the bonds
where they cannot control them at all; put their
circulation out on the faith of the bonds, and make
a permanent investment for twenty or thirty years
to come. They will be very slow to do that.
But, in the next placc, I think it a mere matter
of figures and capable of mathematical certainty
about this pioblem of whether banks will be set
up in my part of the country under this bill, even
if the existing hanks are all destroyed. To illus-
trate it, I will take the plain case of a $100,000
bank, because that is the ordinary size of a coun-
try bank in my part of the country, and it is in
round numbers easy of calculation. You are to
take $100,000, go and buy bonds with it, leave
them there, and take out $90,000 of circulating
notes. As to exchange, that is to be the same all
over the country, and that is to be no item in the
profit of a bank hereafter.
Now let us see how it will work. In the first
placc I believe 1 am borne out by examination of
experienced men in saying that you cannot oper-
ate a country hank, or any bank of the amount
of $100,000, with less than £2,500 per year. Pay
your cashier, open your office, waim it, light it,
take care of it, pay yourexprcsses, and doall your
business,and itcannotbe done for less than £2,500,
and that is putting it very low. Now, a £100,000
bank under this bill will, in the first place, get
from the Government of the United States £4,000
a year inteiest, after paying the tax. We under-
stand that. They lend the £90,000 which they
rcceive and they get six per cent, interest on that.
That interest would amount to £5,400. There is
all they can make without stealing. It is all that
can be made. What does it cost > It costs £2,500
to operate the bank, the ordinary expenses, and
they lose the use of £22,500 for I hat year because
they are to keep on hand twenty-five per cent, on
their circulation. They have kept that on hand,
and of course the use of it is lost. That is over
j$l,300. That expense and loss makes £3,800.
The interest from the Government and the inter-
est on the £90,000 amounts to £0,100. Deducting
the one from the other, it leave* £5,GOO. Now,
what did it make thnt on? On the £100,000 put
in, and the £22,500 which was kept on hand. The
investment was £122.500, and the profit is £5,GOO;
that is, about four per cent. That is all that can
be made under it. They are to run the risk in
their loans of all the loanings of £90,000, and get-
ting it out and in, and cannot make five per cent.,
if all woiks smoothly and there are no losses at
all. 1 say that is not a matter of speculation; that
is a matter of ccrtainty. Those figures which I
have given in this instance cannot he, which they
do sometimes. L therefore say I feel quite con-
fident—and that is not merely my opinion; I have
compared my opinions with those of men of ex-
perience, who know much more than I do about
it, and they assure me that that is assuredly true
—that bunks will never be set up under this bill
in the country. In that condition of things, Mr.
Piesidcnt, all our people in the country arc to be
sent to the cities for all their loanfc, wheic their se-
curities arc not known, and itbccomes impractica-
ble to get along, and these banks will not be sub-
stituted in the place of the present. Hence I take
it that if I am right in these views we mustlook
to the winding up of our banks, a system with
which our people are entirely content, and under
which and with which they prosper, and which
they prefer.
Now, is there any great national necessity that
compels us to drive the chaiiotof State rough-
shod over thttsc institutions ? I care nothing for
the banks; they are not what I am talking about.
I stated in the beginning, and I state again, that
my trouble is in relation to the people; that this
.destroying these agencies of theirs, commonly
called fiscal agencies, these pecuniary institutions,
interwoven with all their business, will bring dis-
tress and ruin on our people, and distribute that
ruin through all paits of society.
Mr. President, I do owe a little something to our
banks. I should not say that I care nothing for
them; I mean asa public man. The banks of our
cities aid<£l very freely and as long as they could
this Government in the beginning of this war, and
something, is due to them. 1 can say that but for
the assistance of the banks of Vermont we could
never have put our troops in the field, and I be-
lieve that to be tiuc of New Hampshire, and I do*
not know but that it is of Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I think it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no doubt it is true
there. We never could have put our men in the
field; and I would have it borne in mind that we
have put in every man that we have been asked for.
We not only furnished the amount of all the calls
made upon us, but filled up all our old regiments,
to Ihcamountof between twoand three thousand
men. Everything asked of us has been done. 1
claim no pai ticular muiit for this. We have done
no more than our duty,-which we were willing to
do; and now, when the bodies of these sons of
ours are brought home and cairied far up among
our mountain recesses, or information isreceived
of their death on the Chickahominy, our people
know that an enemy has done this. But what
shall I tell them when there must be an immediate
collection of all the debts they owe to the banks,
and a winding up of all their business connected
with the banks, and the distress that will follow—
what shall I say to them ? A friend has done this;
it has not been done by an enemy. 1 do notknow
what will be the consequence. 1 can merely say
that I do not hold myself responsible for the po-
litical consequcncesof such an act. I believe my
State is as loyal a one as there is in the Union.
I think we have exhibited it, manifested it fully;
but our people can be unnecessarily distressed to
an amount that they will not endure. 1 do not
say that they will resist by revolution, but I mean
that they will hardly admire an Administration
which visits upon them such calamities in return
for what they have done.
Mr. President, some arguments are used, or
some things that arc called arguments, to which
[ can hardly trust mysMf to reply, for fear I shall
be wanting in courtesy. It has been more than
intimated to us in this debate that if a man will
notgive up the protection of any local interest that
stands in the way of the great national problem
before us, he is unfaithful to the Government. [
cannot do it on this occasion. I know, too, that
men—I will not call bad names—political re-
foimers, get up a project which, with them, is an
ideal peifection and an absolute necessity, And
they have worked upon it until they have got into
that condition when they think every thing on earth
must give, way to it, and everything that does not
give way to it is an enemy to the country; and
every man who docs not agree to it is an enemy
to the country. To add to that, we are told in
the Senate that the whole Cabinet arc in its favor.
Mr. President, it is not many years since a man
would have been called to order for using an ex-
pression of that kind in the Senate. Men have
been called to order for such expressions. Legis-
lation is to be left to the House of Representatives
and thcSenate; itis theexercisc of their judgment,
not the authority of others, which is to give cur-
rency and support to measures. If it has come
to this, that it is to be more than intimated that
we are not to consult our understanding, not to
indulge ourselves in reasoning about a matter, but
we are to be told ex cathedra by the organ of the
Administration that the Cabinet desire and are all
in favor of a certain thing as an argument to in-
duce us to come into it, it seems to me that im-
plies a degree of subserviency that can hardly be
expected. 1 respect those gentlemen in their posi-
t«&; but do you not know, Mr. President, that
our people were very careful in forming the Con-
stitution that the ministry should not be admitted
on the floor of Congress? They would not have
it like the British Parliament, where the members
of the ministry are admitted upon the floor of the
House of Commons and the House of Lords.
Our people caiefully provided against that. They
would not have it here. They would have no
such influence as that operating on either House
of Congress. So we are to have it second hand;
they are not to come, but they are to send their
views to us. I respect all men in official position
in their place; and that is all they should expect
of us. 1 say of these men without offense—I will
not call them as John Randolph did, the Presi-
dent's clerks—but I say we made them. We are
not to be dictated to by them, nor do I believe
they ever attempted any such thing, or ever in-
tended any such thing. I have no idea there was
ever any such errand sent; but the Senator from
Ohio seemed to suppose that it was weighty and
worthy of great consideration here, or he would
not have mentioned it. 1 intend to consult my
own judgment in the discharge of my official du-
ties. If other gentlemen are willing to let their
conscience swing loose from its moorings, and to
cease to consult their own judgments in reference
to measures, but rather to consult their own safety
for fear they will fall into contempt by being
charged with being unfriendly to the Government,
and will therefore give up all further consideration
of the subject, they may do it; but I should like
to know when that time comes; that is all.
Mr. President,, m closing I have one thing fur-
ther to say, and that is if such an experiment as
this is desired, some time of peace should be se-
lected when tho community can better bear it. To
begin a general pecuniary revolution at this time,
when there is an armed revolution in the country
and we desire that every nerve should be strained
against our enemies, seems to me very singular.
This is a very inauspicious period to remodel so-
ciety and recast the order of business. It is in-
voking a degree of suffering which the occasion
docs not demand. I agree with the Senator that
there is nothing desperate in the condition of our
affairs. I agree with him that there is nothing
at all alarming in our pecuniary afFairs. We have
not sold any stock below par. We have provided
for the raising of taxes enough to pay the interest
on our public debt, if we increase that debt three-
fold. We can pay our ordinary expenses with-
out trouble, and wc can pay our interest in gold,
and we do it. Nor has any calamity come orany
suffering been endured in relation to our pecuniary
affairs, nor need there be. Therefore there can-
not be an excuse on this occasion or in the cir-
cumstances in which we stand as a country for
putting in operation so sweeping and extraordi-
nary an experiment as this at this juncture.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate but
a few moments in replying to some of the observa-
tions of the honorable Senator from Vermont.
There is no member of this body who is more at-
tentively listened to, or whose opinions are en-
titled to more respect, than that honorable Senator.
I always give to them the deference due to his
position and his character, and I am always very
sorry to find myself differing from him in opinion
upon any point.
The Senator has commented upon the remark
1 made as to the opinions of the Cabinet. I sim-
ply said that the Secretary of the Treasury, who
liad examined this bill in alt its details, and who
is charged with the administration of the Treas-
ury Department, approved ofit heartily; and that
I also believed it had the hearty assent of every
member of the Cabinet, and also that it had the
assent of a great body of the people; that it was
assented to by a large number of the banks whose
interests might be affected by it, and that it was
assented to by the great body of the people in the
portion of the country from which I come. I
merely alluded to them as a part of the people of
the United States. The honorable Senator, how-
ever, seems, from the whole course of his argu-
ment, to have had only in view the interests of
local banks and bankers. If he can refer to their
interests, and appeal to us in eloquent terms to
protect them fiom the doom that the sons of Ja-
cob believed was about to fall upon Benjamin,
and almost excite our sympathy to tears in view
of the afflictions we are about to put upon local
banks; if he can cite the opinions of those who
have charge of them, surely I may cite the opin-
ions of gfave and honorable men who are charged
with the responsibilities of administering the Ex-
ecutive Departments of the Government. It was
not done with any view to influence our feelings;
but simply to show that those men who had fully
considered the subject gave this bill their hearty
approbation.
The honorable Senator also tries to prove that
under this system the banks cannot make any
