1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87S
money. If that is so, the whole system will fall
to ille ground.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said they could notmake
Bi« ey in my section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I could prove to the
honorable Senator, if I should take the time to do
so—but 1 will not—that they can make money;
but if his argument is true, what then? This
mammoth scheme, which is going to carry dis-
tuss into the mountains and valleys of Vermont,
will fall dead and harmless, impotent from the out-
set. That bankers can make a reasonable profit
under this bill t have no doubt. They have the
benefit of four per cent, on the bonds deposited
by them. They have the benefit of interest on the
notes given them for circulation. They have the
benefit of exchange; not the rates of exchange
formerly paid, but that, incidental exchange which
every bank charges in drawing a draft, probably
a quarter or a half of one per cent. They have
the profits they- can make from deposits. They
have other profits fiom the ordinary incidents of
banking. 1 have no doubt from all these various
profits they will make what banks in ordinary
times under specie payments could make, that is,
seven or eight per cent, a year. The banks of the
State of New Yoi k last year made twelve per cent.
1 have produced the official table to show it. They
did it under the suspension of specie payments;
and one half of the additional profits made by the
banks during the suspension of specie payments
would pay the onerous lax about which the hon-
orable Senator complains. I say, therefore, if his
argument is true this whole banking system will
fall to the ground, and no harm will be done; but
I do not believe it to be true.
I will not now discuss the question of the tax-
ation of the existing banks. That, the honora-
ble Senator states, is the real objection he has to
this whole scheme. He stated m the outset that
but for that he would not speak on the bill. That
proposition to tax theexisting banks is in another
bill. We have two propositions, one coming to
us from the House of Representatives, to which
the Senator does not object; but the Committee
011 Finance thought it proper to propose as an
amendment to that bill that a tax should be im-
posed on the old banks the same as is provided
for the new. If the Senate doom that tax oner-
ous, as a matter of course they will change it; but
that bill is not now under consideration. I believe
the tax of two per cent, is light enough; but it is
for the Senate to determine. It has, however, no
connection with this bill.
But, sir, the principal point made by the hon-
orable Senator, and one most likely to influence
the judgment of Senators, is this: he asks what
benefit the United States derives from this arrange-
ment, and he endeavors by argument to show that
the United States derives no benefit. I would put
to him this simple proposition: there am now
§107.000,000 of local bank circulation in the coun-
try. Suppose we can induce through their in-
terests—1 do not propose to do it by any arbitrary
mode—the retirement of $100,000,000 of this cir-
culation, taking the smallest sum that will prob-
ably be used in the course of a year; suppose we
can induce the banks to withdraw $100,000,000
of their circulation, is it no benefit to the United
States? Now, the United States get no benefit
whatever from their circulation. ^ The United
States cannot rcceive it in their ordinary business
transactions. It fills the channels of circulation
to the exclusion of the greenbacks. Suppose we
can induce the banks to withdraw §100,000,000
of their circulation, and invest that much money
in our bonds, and receive United States circula-
tion, does not the honorable Senator see that we
should derive a great advantage from it? That is
the object of this bill. The object is, by appealing to
tiie patriotism and the interests of the people and
the banks, to induce the banks to withdraw then-
local circulation and convert it into a national cir- i
dilution. If it fails, as a matter of course it does i
no haini. But suppose it succeeds, does not the .
United States derive a benefit from it? Certainly; j
because at once a demand is created for the pur-
chase of $100,000,000 of United States bonds.
We are anxious to sell these bonds. They are
now below the par ol gold. The creation of a de-
mand for $100,000,000 will, as I showed yester-
day, by the well-known and recognized laws of
trade, probably cieate a demand foi §500,000,000.
Til! rc is the benefit, there is the advantage we
seek to derive. We shall make a market at once
for the sale of $100,000,000 worth of our bonds,
and the additional market which is always created
by making a demand for a particular commodity,
which is equivalent at least Jo five times the
amount of the real demand. The Government of
the United States is willing to borrow money from
the honorable Senator at six per cent and pay the
interest in goid coin. Any person who desires to
loan money to the United States may receive six
per cent, interest on it, and we are very glad to
sell our bonds at that rate in this time of war; but
to those who avail themselves of the privileges of
this law we only pay four per cent., so that we
save one third of the interest on the amount of our
bonds used for banking; and more than that, we
get a circulation which by the laws of the United
States may be used in the collection of our dues;
and in the ordinary operations of our Government
these banking agencies may be made useful and
beneficial as depositories. 'There is the answer.
I have already stated the benefits to the Gov-
ernment; I stated them more fully yesterday, and
will not enlarge on them now. The benefit derived
to the Government is by making a market for its
bonds, by having fiscal agencies throughout the
United States, so that it may the more readily
collect its debts, and by saving one third of the
interest on the payment of its bonds, and by se-
curing to the people of the country a uniform na-
tional currency which can be passed from hand to
hand in all parts of the country without loss by
cxchauge, or deterioration, or alteration.
But the honorable Senator says that the power
granted by this bill would render the Secretary of
the Treasury a very dangerous person, or a very
powerful person; probably that is the meaning.
He says that this bill would create a dangerous
political power. According to all experience, if
you invest in any particular person the power to
appoint men to office, or the power to mannge
banks or control a scheme of this kind, it lather
weakens him. Sir, it will be a dangerous power
in one sense; not to the American people, but it
will be dangerous to the individual who exercises
thepower. Any manin thiscountry who isclothed
with the power of appointing men to office or se-
lecting certain persons to have ccrtain privileges,
loses more than he makes, by the well-known law
that he disappoints more than he benefits. And
if you confer upon the Secretary of War or the
Secretary of the Treasury the power to appoint
twenty clerks, as wc did the other day, theie are
five hundred applicants at once; and you disap-
point four hundred and eighty and make them
enemies for the sake of gaining twenty friends.
No, sir, the administration ofpatronage, the power
to select depositories, all the power conferred by
this bill, the power of visitation, all these are
powers which tend rather to decrease the influence
of the Secretary of the Treasury, because they
are moreliiely to make him enemies than friends.
But the Senator says that the Secretary of the
Treasury has power by distributing the stock to
exercise great influence.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said he might distribute
one half of this stock where he pleased.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator has
not read that clause of the bill. It is true it is not
so specific as it might be. One half must be dis-
tributed according to population, the other half
according to bank capital and resources. I have
before me now a table showing the distribution
that is made to each State by the terms of the bill
as it is understood and construed. There is no
discretion about it, and the clause was put in for
the purpose of taking away from the Secretary of
the Treasury discretionary power. Under the bill
i as it originally stood there was no limit; the
! Si300,000 jOOO could be assigne#to any State or to
; any portion of the country; but in order to secure
I to every State and to every Territory and to this
i District its fair and just allotment ot this blink-
ing capital, if there 'is any benefit to be derived
from it, the principle was introduced by the Com-
! mittce on Finance tlmt one half was to be appor-_
>! tioned according to population, and the other halt
:■ according to the picsent banking capital and re-
!' soutces."Why was this done? In a new State, or
|| even in a State so old as Ohio, our capital is far
,!i less, in proportion to our population, than the
li capital of New England; they are older and licher.
1; The accumulation of ages has gathered wealth in
!l New England, and lias not yetgathured it m Ohio.
Therefore we did not apportion this banking cap-
ital among the States according to population
merely, but one half according to population, so
as to secure all something,and one half according
to the present banking capital. It was done for
the very purpose of placing it in thepower of the
local banks, about which so much complaint haa
been made, to absorb a portion of this capital arid
convert their State agencies gradually into .na-
tional agencies.
To go back again—for I have answered nearly
all the objections 1 desire to answer—the honor-
able Senator says that this bill destroys the State
banks, and he endeavors to excite our sympa-
thies for the State banks. It does not affect the
right of a single bank. It does not impair the
property of a single bank; it does not affect it in
the least. Under the provision offered by the hon?
orable Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
and also under the amendment reported from the
Committee on Finance, there is not the slightest
difficulty in any of the existing banks, without
any collection of debts, to gradually put them-
selves under the operations of this law; and, in-
deed, under the amendment offered by the Senator
from New York, they can avail themselves of the
benefit of this law without surrendering their State
organization, if only the State will consent; but
even if they will not do that, they are perfectly
fiee to go on and bank. The banks of the State
of Vermont may yet aid her volunteers; they niay
do all they have done to the good people of that
State; they may help to carry on the operations
of the Government just as they have done, except
this: that m consideration of-the fact that during
this time of war they do not pay specie for their
notes, we think that they should pay a portion of
their excess of profits to the United States, and
we propose to levy two per cent. If the honor-
able Senator can show to the Senate that is too
high, as a matter of course he will have his own
way, it will be lowered; and if he makes many
pathetic speeches—as pathetic as that he made
to-day—perhaps he will carry his point. I think
two per cent, is little enough under the circum-
stances when banks do not pay their notes 111 gold
and silver; but if it is too much, it will be low-
ered. It is believed that this two per cent, can
be put on the new banks, because, as it is said,
they derive privileges from the United States,and
tliey can afford to pay two per cent, as 1 verily
believe, and therefore I was in favor of imposing
that tax on them. This does not destroy the State
banks. The honorable Senator should separate
that idea. I hope, however, that in the end all
those banks will be induced by the benefits con-
feucd by this general system, by the national
objects to be obtained-by it, by the well-known
patriotism of the people among whom the banks
are located, to gradually change their local system,
so that we may have one national currency, based
on the public faith and on the security of private
individuals. That is all there is in it. There are
no compulsory features about this bill; it is noth-
ing but a voluntary offer to any one who chooses
to engage in banking.
But—this is the first objection with which the
honorable Senator starts out, and it is the last I
will answer—he says the operation of this bill will
withdraw capital from the opeiation of State tax-
ation. So it will; and to that extent it will be oP 
great national service. By the present laws, and
by the Constitution, indeed, a State has 110 power
to tax money invested in United States bonds.
We have a right to borrow money, and a State
cannot interfere with that right by taxation. We
have that clear right to borrow money, and aState
cannot interfere with it. Under our laws, the Slate
of Vermont cannot now levy a tax upon the cap-
ital in Vermont invested in the bonds of the Uni-
ted States. I cannot state how much, but I have
no doubt that the very loyal people of Vermont
have ulieady purchased a large amount ol these
bonds; I do not know to what extent.
Mr. COLLAMER. The banks have some.
Mr. SHERM AN. The banks themselves and
individuals, I have no doubt, are the holdeis of
these verv bonds. That capital is not taxable by
the State ofVcrmont. The banks themselves hold
this capital free and exempt from State taxation;
we only propose that they should hold a certain
portion of it ill proportion to their circulation,
and that they should deposit it with the Treasurer
heie, and upon it receive United States notes. All
