1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....3d
expenses of the Indian department and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes:
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian af-
fairs and of the several Indian agents, per acts of
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-
seventh February,eighteen hundred anil fiftv-one,
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifiv-four,
thiid March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eigh-
teenth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and sixty,
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and sixty,
eighth and thirteenth February, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, and per fifteenth article of treaty
of nineteenth April, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eiglit, with the Yanctons, ninety-three thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
* For the pay of the several Indian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at Saint
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For pay of supervisors] for reservation in
California, nine thousand dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four,
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, eighteenth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, and seventeenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, twenty-six thousand nine
hundred dollars.
For pay of twenty laborers for reservations in
California, twelve thousand dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
ei ht hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
superintendents of Indian affairs, on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
Forfulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes:
Blacltjool Indians.
For eighth of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in the purchase of such goods, pro-
visions, and other useful articles as the President,
at his discretion, may from time to time determine,
per ninth article of the treaty of seventeenth Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended m establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in ed-
ucating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treatyof seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, a nil Vmpqua Indians.
For ninth of fifteen installments of annuity, to
be expended us directed by the President, per
third article treaty eighteenth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollais.
For ninth of fifteen installments for the pay of a
farmer, per fifth ai tide treaty eighteenth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for pay of phys-
ician, medicines, and expense of care of the sick,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand five
hundted dollais.
For ninth of fifteen installments for pay of teach-
ers and purchase of books and stationery, per
fifth aiticle treaty eighteenth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For two thirds of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments 111 money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred arid fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars,and thirty-three
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
For two thirds of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For two thirds of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the support of school^ per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For ninth of twenty installments in corn, [coin,]
goods, household furniture, and cooking utensils,
agricultural implements and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools and building materials, and for
moral and educational purposes, per fourth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, nineteen thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for six smiths
and assistants, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, five thousand and forty dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of six smiths' shops, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the sev-
enth smith and assistant, and support of shop,
per second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundied and-fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop for
the Rois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember,eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Forte
band, during the pleasure of the President, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundredand fifty-four, one thsusand two hundred
dollais. Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and foi ty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
four hundred dollars.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five
hundied dollars.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the suppoi t of schools, perfourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen, hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollara
and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for the support of tv/o smiths'shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundredand forty-
twojund eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four,six hundredand
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-second of twenty-five
installments for pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen, hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For ninth of twenty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnibagoshish
Bands.
For ninth of thirty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-
sand six hundredand sixty-six dollars and sixty-
six ccnts.
For ninth of thirty installments of annuity in
goods, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For ninth of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen annual installments for sup-
port of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third
artide treaty twenty-second February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one hundred
and twenty dollars.
For pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill,
at Leech Lake, six hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Black
River.
For eighth of ten equal annual installments in
coin, to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, persecond article of
the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for the support
of one blacksmith shop, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
filty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
For first and second of five equal annual in-
stallments, each of the second series, of two thou-
sand dollars, for educational purposes, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Pie.siuent, four
thousand dollars.
For first and second of five equal annual install-
ments of the second series, of three thousand dol-
lars each, in agricultural implements, and carpen-
ters' tools, household furniture and building
material, ca'tle, labor, and miscellaneous items,
six thousand dollars.
For third of five equal annual installments for
educational purposes, under the direction of the
President, two thousand dollars.
For third of five equal annual installments in
agricultural implements, three thousand dollars.
li Chivpeieas, Menomonees, Winnebagocs, and JVho
: York Indians.
!| For education dui nig the pleasui e of Congress,
per fifth article treaty eleventh August, eighteen
ij hundred and twenty-seven, one thousand five
! hundred dollars.
Chickasaw s.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act of
