APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBS.
[Marcli 3,
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Chocktaws,
For permanentannuity, per second article treaty
sixteenth November, eighteen hundred and five,
and thirteenth article treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
Iiorsemen,per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June* eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty twentieth January eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth ar-
ticle of treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred arid twenty
dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five percentum per annum, for education, sup-
port of the government, and other beneficial pur-
poses, to be applied under the direction of the
general council of the Choctaws, in conformity
with the provisions contained in the tenth and thir-
teenth articles of the treaty of twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Comanches, Kiowas, and JJpaches of Arkansas River.
For the last of ten installments for the purchase
of goods, provisions, and agricultural implements,
per six tli article treaty twenty-seventh July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the last of
ten installments of goods, provisions, and agri-
cultural implements, per sixth article treaty twen-
ty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
seven thousand dollars.
Creeks. #
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article tieaty seventh August, seventeen hundred
and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred anrf twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and as-
sistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth aiticic treaty seventh
August,eighteen hundied and fifty-six, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, andlifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a wheel-
wnght, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, s!x hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant and shop and tools
during the pleasure of the President, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty fourteenth February, eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty seventh
August,eighteen hundred and fifty-six,eight hun-
dred and foity dollars.
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon-maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary,eighteen hundred and thirty-three,and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth arti-
cle treaty ^gventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For the last of seven additional installments for
two blacksmiths, assistants, shops, and tools, per
thirtieth article treaty twenty-fourth March, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
one thousand six hundred and eighty dollars.
For the last of seven additional installments for
iron and steel for shops, per thirteenth article treaty
twenty-fourth March,eighteen hundred andthirty-
two, and fifth article treaty seventh August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, five hundred and forty
dollars.
For the last of thirty-three installments for ed-
ucation, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fif-
ty-six, three thousand dollars.
For the last of twenty installments for educa-
tion, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, three thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Velawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article to
supplemental treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to treaty of
third October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
hundred dollais.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of laud set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
per resolution of the Senate nineteenth January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth ar-
ticle treaty sixth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand three hundred and four dol-
lars.
low as.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars, balance of one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars, to the first July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, at five per centum, for education or other
beneficial purposes, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per second article treaty nineteenth October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and ninth ar-
ticle treaty seventeenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand eight hundred and
seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
second article treaty fourteenth January, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For tenth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on one hundred thousand dollars for ed-
ucational and other beneficial purposes, per sec-
ond article treaty eighteenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, five thousand dollars.
For tenth installment on two hundred thousand
dollar^, to be paid in eighteen hundred and sixty-
j! three, per second article treaty eighteenth May,
i eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand
; dollars.
j JUpttmnottees.
i For eighth of twelve installments for continu-
ing and keeping up a blacksmith shop, and pro-
viding the usual quantity of iron and steel, per
fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, and third article treaty
twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
nine hundred and sixteen dollars and sixty-six
cents.
For eighth of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession of
lands, perfourth article treaty eighteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third article
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, twenty thousand dollars.
Foreighth of fifteen installments for pay of mil-
ler, per third article treaty twelfth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith anfk
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, and fourth article treaty fifth June,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fitty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For reappropriation of the sum of sixteen thou-
sand two hundred and sixty-eight dollars and
eighty-four cents, being their proportion of the
sum of thirty-six thousand and eighty dollars and
ten cents, part of the permanent annuity of twenty-
five thousand dollars, payable for the years eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four and eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, as per fifth article of treaty of fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, carried to
surplus fund thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five.
Jliamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollais and
eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per centum,
forMiami Indians oflndiana, perSenato's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-
two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
For reappropriation of thesuui of nineteen thou-
sand eight hundred and eleven dollars and twenty-
six cents, being their proportion of the sum of
thirty-six thousand and eighty dollars and ten
cents, part of the permanent annuity of twenty-
five thousand dollars payable for the yeais eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four and eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, as per fifth article of treaty of fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, carried to
the surplus fund thirtieth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five.
Jtfiamies, Bel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
perfourth article treaty third August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity m goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Nisqually, Puyallup, and other Tribes and Bands
of Indians.
For ninth installment, m part payment for re-
linquishment of title to lands, to be applied to
beneficial objects, perfourth at tick' treaty twenty-
sixth December, eighteen hundied and fifty-four,
.fifteen hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for pay of in-
structor, smith, phys>eian, carpenter, farmer, and
assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
