1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-225;
Laws of the United States.
3 fan Cong....3d Skss,.
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred'and
fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Omahas.
For the sixth of ten installments of this amount,
being second of the series, in money or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty thousand
dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For ninth of ten installments for support of
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for support of
farmer, pei-eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mill pro-
vided for by the eighth article of the treaty of six-
teenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith s shop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per eighth article of
the treaty of sixteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being
the value of fifty-four sections of land set apart
second June, eighteen hundred and twenty-five,
for educational purposes, per Seriate resolution
nineteenth January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-six
dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.
For sixth of ten installments, being the second
series, in money or otherwise, per fourth article
treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for pay of miller,
per seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for blacksmith
and assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifiy-four, nine hundred and forty
dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for farmer, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mill
provided for by the seventh article of the treaty
of fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per seventh article of
the treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Ottawas and Chip pen: as of Michigan.
For eighth of ten equal annual installments for
educational purposes, to be expended under the
direction of the President, according to the wishes
of the Indians, so far as may be reasonable and
just, per second article of the treaty of thirty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for the support
of four blacksmith shops, per second article of
the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and
forty dollars.
For eighth often installments of principal, pay-
able annually for ten years, to be distributed per
capita, in the usual manner of paying annuities,
per second article of the treaty of thirty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-
sand dollais.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-six
thousand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum
of thice hundred and six thousand dollars, for
one year, at five per centum per annum, to be
distributed per capita,m the usual manner of pay-
New Series—No. 15.
ing annuities, per second article of the treaty of
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-nve,
eleven thousand three hundred dollars.
For eighth of ten equal annual installments on
thirty-five thousand dollars, in lieu of former
treaty stipulations, to be paid per capita to the
Grand River Ottawas, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottawas of Kansas.
For their proportion of the permanent annu-
ities in money, goods, or otherwise, payable un-
der the fourth article of the treaty of third Au-
gust, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, second
article of the treaty of seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, fourth article of the
treaty of seventeenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, and fourth article of the treaty
of twenty-ninth August, eighteen hundred and
twenty-one, two thousand six hundred dollars.
Pawnees*
For first of five installments, of the second
series, in goods and such articles as may be ne-
cessary for them, per second article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, thirty thousand dollars.
For support of two manual labor schools an-
nually, during the pleasure of the President, per
third article treaty twenty-fourth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction
of the President, per third article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, and other neces-
saries for the shop, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, five
hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth^ September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for farming uten-
sils and stock, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per foutth eirticle treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
FA* pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for pay of miller,
at the discretion of the President, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, six hundred dollais.
For fifth of ten installments for pay of an en-
gineer, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist in
working the mill, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September,eighteen hundred
and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty second October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and tw'enty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity m specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, perthud article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen handled and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred aqd
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars. ,
Foreducation, during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, secpnd article treaty
twentieth September, eighteen hundred andtwen-,
tv-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-twOj five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel,per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article of the
treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, three hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and second article
treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, per third article treaty sixteenth October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second article
treaty twentieth September, eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, and second article treaty twenty-
ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
six hundred and six dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty-of the fifth and seventeenth
of June, eighteen hundred and'forty-six, thirty-
two thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Pottawatomies of Huron,
For permanentannuity in moneyorotherwise,
per second article treaty seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, four hundred dollars.
Q,uapaws.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the President,
per third article treaty thirteenth May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For tenth of sixteenth installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty tenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eighteen
hundicd and four, one thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per socond article treaty twen-
ty-first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, ten thousand doliai*.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at live per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per centum,
under the direction of the President, per second
article tieaty twenty-first October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, seven thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
Seminolcs.
For the seventh of ten installments for the sup-
port of schools, per eighth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three
thousand dollars.
For the seventh of ten installments for agricul-
tural assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh
