1863.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
shall pay two pur cent, to this Government, and
pay State taxes besides. One may have its bills
taken by the Government; the other shall not have
a dollar taken. The gentleman says that perhaps
I can get thattwo per cent, lowered. That is only
to initiate the process of dying by consumption,
for ultimately they are to be put out of existence.
All their circulation is to be withdrawn; there is
110 such thing as withdrawing it gradually in or-
der to come under this bill, because they have to
pass out of one form of existence and one char-
acter of responsibility to the State, into another
form of existence with responsibility to the Gen-
eral Government. The thing is impracticable.
Much has been said aboutcontrivmg in some way
to put the existing banks under a system of this
kind. It has been talked about by myself and
others. I have endeavored to draw a section in
some way by which it could be done, but I de-
spair of it. I have thought a good deal about it,
but it cannot be done. In the-nature of things a
corporation cannot be a corporation under more
than one authority. The thing is incapable of
being done.
The gentleman says that all the banks are wound
up once in twenty years, and he has got some
statistics on that subject. He says they were all
wound up in 1815. That is not true. I can tell
him, though it may be news to him, it is a fact
that the banks of New England redeemed then-
notes in specie during the whole of the last war
with England; they never stopped at all. The
banksof New York stopped; all the hanks stopped
until you got up to the line ot New England, i he
New England banks went through the war from
1813 to 1815, and not one of them wound up in
1815, unless its chaiter ran out. He says if this
does wind up the banks, it is of no consequence,
because they are all wound up once in_ twenty
years. Is that common candor? I know it is true
that the banks are generally limited by their char-
ters to twenty years, but they are one after an-
other. We have about forty banks, I believe, m
my State. If one expires this year, there is no
distress to the people, because the other banks ad-
vance the amount of circulation it wants to take
in, or a new bank comes in and takes its place.
Etch bank expires in the course of tiventy^years,
seriatim, but the proposition now is to wind up
the whole of them in one year.
Mr. FOSTER. Our bank chartersare perpetual;
there is no limit.
Mr. COLLAMER. In some of our States there
is no limitation to bank charters, and banks aie
not wound up at all. It they do wjtid up at the
expiration of a charter, twenty years, u is one at
a time, and theie is no distress caused by it. That
is not this proposition; and when jou undeitake
to draw an argument from saying that this is like
thot, it is a fallacy. .
The gentleman says that if this scheme is a fail-
ure, and does not go into opeiation, there_ will be
no harm done. That is a strange idea. No harm
done, when you have in the mean tune wound up
all our institutions connected with our pecuniary
affairs 1 If it be true that the tax of two per cent.
. to be laid with all us inequalities, which I have
people with a currency based upon United States
stocks, whereas the circulation of the New Eng-
land banks is based upon nothing. Banks with
a capital of §50,000 or £100,000, no man knowing
whether it is bona fide or genuine or not, as I am
informed, issue §150,000 or $200,000 of circula-
tion, based, as I said before, on nothing.
Mr. CLARK. Will the.Senator suffer me to
interrupt him ? The fact is not so. The banks
are \ isited in my State twice a year, and a report
of them made.
Mr. CHANDLER. .What does a bank com-
missioner know about whether the paper in the
vault is good, bad, or indifferent? I know all
about this; I have had some experience in it; there-
fore I say if these banks go into operation under
this bill, they will furnish a better security than
is now supplied by the existing local banks. This
is part of the great financial question which is in
my judgment the great question in the conduct of
this war. If we can keep our finances sound, if
we can create a demand for our bonds, if we can
keep our Treasury supplied, wc know and the
world knows that we can put down this rebellion.
If our finances fail, the nation fails. It is the na-
tion which can the longest endure taxation, can
the longest provide means to carry on a war, that
is always finally victorious.
When the first proposition was made to issue
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes, I favored it; but
when the proposition was made to increase that
to $300,000,000, I opposed it, and with the per-
mission of the Senate I will lead an extract from
a few lemaiks that I made at that time:
exposed, it will cause our banks io be wound up; i
we cannot make banks undei this bill with i
and if w
anv profit, is no haim done? That is a
way of estimating oui suflfciings
but that it ].-> like the old
stoned the froga; " it may be sport to you, but n
is death to us."
Mr. CHANDLER. How much tins bill wul
amount to m practical operation, 1 cannot say;
but if it amounts to anything, it wiil do some good.
Whethei $300,000,000 of circulating notes will be
denvuid-d, m £3UU,000. it is impossible for any
one to estimate. In my judgment, very little de-
mand will aiise in the eastern Stairs lor tln-^en-
oulatinixmedium. It will be dtiR-rent in the West.
In the West, our circulation having been decoyed
virtually, as it was based upon southern bonds,
nt the conimi'iici'ini'iH of this war, there wiil oe
*ome demand. I brieve that all theie is in tots
i,iil is uood. In ihr first place, if it accomplishes
..nvtlmiir. it produces a dunand for your ^;v^rn-
,nent securities. Should the wh<ne >U),UJO,OGO
be issut*d« you will receive into your lreasury
^00,000,000 for your bonds that are now ahoat or
are soon co b«- put ailoat upon the money nuukcts.
Again, it supplies you with abetteremrency t.tan
the local banks now funush. It furnishes the
" Mr. President, national credit is precis'Iv like individ-
ual ciedit. It 15 bas>cd.fii t, on tins abilitj to pay, and, =oc-
rmd, upon the high and honoiable pimeipte which would
induce the pavment of a liability. When the ptoposiuon
to i^ueTreae'uiy noU'^ wa> fit.-l made, it was icceived with
cieat apptvln'Mwion by Conines and by the nation. As early
a.- M.tich. 1801, 1 uracil upon liietfeeietary of the Treasury
the absolute necessity of such an l-suc, and gave at that \
tunc ,i$ a rm>oii lor it the vacuum which had been pro- ;
du'-od in tho Northwest by the depteciation of southern j
c^ocK-. Theie was at that time a vacuum, m my estima-
tion, of about $.jO.IKiO.OOO that imi-t be filled fiom some
soui co. and 1 thru'mc'i'd nnwt ^tioimcuMy upon the Socie-
tal v ottheTreaMU v the recommendation tn Compears of thw
euir'-ncy. I ihcn believed ti)«i £1009nu0.()no wa-. reqm.-itc,
and thar .^lOO.OuO.OOO was. enonirh. I believe .o now.
"When you is-.ne $100,000,000 of eiiuoncy \ou must
either find a vacuum or vou niu-t neate one iui it. A bun-
dled millions in addition to the eMs-imjj: eneul.uion would
<U anv time create great dicunbaiiee in tlx1 financial con-
dition ot the count! y. The vacuum at that time exited in
hut one poition of ihe Touted ite<, and that the Noifh-
west. Tho En-t was lull. fill!!. I believed that a v.ieu
urn" could bo cleared lot the oilier £30.000,000, and that
.<$100 000,000 could be u-ed with advantage to the Tiea-iuv
and to the nation. The woikmtroi the lull allowing an i^uu
of $IV' OUO.OOO mu>t have pu vd hi«hlv v;iti-!;u-toiy not
only to the Secretary oi the Trea-uiy, but to tin' nation at
lii<*e. The :u-pension of specie payment- did not mate-
iiaHv aiiect the value of com; and, « ven in addition to
the "r-u-pcriRion, the derangement caused by Unai-lnna:
*150,000.000 of irredeemable eueulatum only aileeted the
price of gold to the slight extent of two and tbiee lomths
per cent."'
Further on I prophesied what the result of thus
tlirusting $300,000,000of inedecmablepaperupou
cm aheady overstocked market would be. I said
it would carry up coin to an unlimited extent.
The result has proved that my predictions were
I true.
nn >..... ii Now, sir, it is proposed to issue §400,000,000.
strange i! This is only part and parcel of this great financial
I do 1101 kiu)W i! scheme. Y\Te propose to issue §400,000,000 of lrre-
abie when the boys i| deemable sieenbacks. We propose to thrust them
' | upon an already over-supplied maikeL Aly ob-
: iee.t is to reduce this redundant circulation; and I
ject is to reduce this
believe we have a right, and it is our duty if we
can, by taxation to drive out a [loit'on of the bank-
ing circulation in ordei to create a vacuum for our
own calculation. It is our duty, I say, to protect
tho people so far as is m our power from this gieat
depteciation in the specie vahift of the papei cal-
culating nv-uium at this turn-; and this we can omy
do bv decreasing its volume. Whether this bank-
i<v scheme will lead to a loan of §300,000,000 to
tho Government, oi less, 1 cannot say. 1 lie Sen-
: ator from Veimout says that if the whole is taken
1 vou pav §12,000,00(1 and gelnolliiiijr. Sir, you do
iio st'cli tluni;', '.jutyoubonow ^300,000,OOOatfour
: na- cent, per annum. That is the practical work-
1 ipo- of it. You lepVnish your already empty
i Treasury by 4,300.000,000. vhi-li you need, and
■ vou pav for that §300,000,000 but lour pel cent,
i per annum. Tiu'e. vou pay six nominally, but
i vou tax the circulation two per cent. Mow, this
I matter of circulation is a mere mutter ol profit;
the circulation is all profit; the bank is not touched
on its capital. I had hoped that the New England
banks, and the other eastern banks that have been
flooding the West with their paper for some years
past, would bo sufficiently patriotic to come in and
take these bonds and pay the money into the
Treasury, and circulate these notes in place of the
rags with which they are now flooding the coun-
try. Sir, it is true, as the Senator from Vermont
stated, that they do send their circulation out West;
and we do not thank them for it. We prefer the
greenbacks, which are to-day at one haTT of one
per cent, premium in my own city. We prefer
that the Government should occupy this vacuum,
which is to-day filled by these eastern banks. This
is a question of whether you will legislate for a fe w
p^tty banks in New England or whether you will
legislate for the preservation of this great nation.
That is the question you are voting on now. Sir,
I will sacrifice banks and negroes and everything
to save this nation; and I tri>st the Senate is equally
patriotic. I trust this bill will pass; for, as 1 said
before, all there is in it, in my estimation, is good. /
Mr.ARNOLD. I desire to offer a slight amend-
ment to the bill, inserting tho word " Providence"
after the word "Boston," on page ID, section
twenty-four, line thirty-seven, and oil page 35,
lines twenty-six and thirty-one, and on page 38, in
line thirty-five.
The reason for the amendment will be apparent
to those who are familiar with the banking sta-
tistics of this country. To those who are not fa-
miliar with them, 1 will state a few facts which
will, 1 think, satisfy any reasonable mind that
Providence should be considered and recognized
in the bill as one of the comineicial centers of the
country. In the first place, with regard to the
number of banks, it is the second city in the Union.
The statistics oil which I base these remarks are
those compiled in 1859, tmd published,! think,in
the Canker's Magazine, in Februaiy of that year.
The abstract of the census report of 18G0 does not
contain a list of the banks represented by cities,
but only by States. Since that time, undoubt-
edly, there has been a considerable variation in
tho number of banks and in the capital, but 1 pre-
sume that the lelative proportion has not materi-
ally differed between the different cities. At that
time New York hadfifty banks,Providence thirty-
eight, Boston thirty-six, Philadelphia eighteen,
New Orleans twelve, Baltimore fifteen.
But the number of banks is not so_ good an
indication of the amount of banking business, eei-
tainly, as the amount of capital. Now, with re-
gard to the capital of the banks, I think the coun-
try is scarcely aware of the fact that ProvidcnoG
stand sthe fourth city in the Union, New Orleans be-
ing the third. A t the tune to which I iefer,New"lt oi k
had SiGG,500,000 of iucoipointed banking capital,
Boston §32,000,000, New Orleans, §10,500,000,
Providence more than §14,500,000, oi nearly
§15,000,000, being the fourth city; Philadelphia
and Baltimore each bad about§ll,000,000, rather
under it. So that Providence, at thai time, bad
thirty per cent, moie banking capital than Phila-
delphia, and thirty-three per cent, more banking
capital than BaUimote, and, in fact, more than the
wholeciiterprisingState of Maryland put together.
1 speak now of the city of Providence alone. Our
country banks, as we term them, that is, those
banks in Rhode Island out of Pi evidence, are small
banks mostly, and veiy numerous. They wore,
at that time, fifty-three in number, with an aggre-
, gale capital of about §G,000,000, being, as I uii-
| del-Stand, equal to the aggregate haiikiiis: capita!
I now of the whole of the great State of Ohio. But
I it is not to these banks that 1 u-fer. The purpose
! of the amendment is to have Providence recog-
i ntzed as one of the banking centers of the coun-
l trv, and I submit that the statistics that I have
' presented justify me in asking for the adoption of
| this amendment.
! The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. SHERMAN. I desire, also, to insert the
; cities " Chicago and St. Louis" after " Cincm-
l; nati," in the same places in the bill.
i! The amendment was agreed to.
I' Mr HARRIS. At the request of the Senator
!' from Ohio, 1 ask the consent of the Senate to
j amend the amendment which 1 submitted yester-
day, by inserting at the beginning of the first of
|l the sections the words, " at the time of the pas-
'! sa°-e of this act," so as to confine tho operation of
 i those sections to the banks now in existence.
