226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
3 Teh Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
August, eighteen hundred an'd fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For the seventh of ten installments for the sup-
port of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth arti-
cle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as annuity,
they having joined their brethren west, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
'ars- Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty seventeenth September eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
andiron and steel, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty twenty eigli th Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For miller during the pleasure of the President;
per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario bank to the United States Treasury, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred forty-
six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-two dol-
lars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnecs.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of President, per fourth article treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty-dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational purposes,
per fourth article treaty third August, seventeen
hundred ninety-five, and third article treaty tenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand dollars.
For tenth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars for education,
per third Article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and mnety-four,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.
To enable the President of the United States to
cause the Sioux of the Mississippi to be removed
beyond the limits of any States, and for estab-
lishing them in their new homes, fifty thousand
and sixteen dollars and sixty-six cents, the same
being (in amount) equal to one third of the whole
sum heretofore stipulated to be paid ill the sev-
eral treaties heretofoie existing between the said
Indians and the United States, but which treaties
have been abrogated in consequence of the war
by said Indians and the people of the United
States.
For the purpose of maintaining the said Indians
in their new homes, and subsisting fhem and
making such provisions as will enable them to
support themselves by agricultural pursuits, the
President is authorized to use and expend one
third of the unexpended balance now remaining
in the Treasury, which has heretofore been ap-
propriated for the benefit of the said Indians, in
such manner as he shall deem expedient, and best
calculated to promote the interests of the said In-
dians: Provided, That no part of said sum shall
be paid to the said Indians in money.
Treaty of Fort Laramie.
For third of five installments, at the discretion
of the President, in provisions and merchandise,
for payment of annuities, and transportation of
the same, to certain tribes of Indians, seventy
thousand dollars.
Umpqwas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For tenth of twenty installments in blankets,
clothing, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty dollars.
XJmpquas and Calapooias, of Umpqua Valley, Ore-
gon.
For fourth of five installments, of the second
series, of annuity for beneficial objects, to be ex-
pended as directed by the President, per third ar-
ticle treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand three hundred
dollars.
For ninth of ten installments fijr the pay of a
blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth arti-
cle treaty twenty-ninthNovember,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For ninth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines, persixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for the pay of a
fanner, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth No-
vember, eighteen hundred atld fifty-four, one thou-
sand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the pay of
a teacher and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand four
hundred and fifty dollars.
Wmnebagoes.
For interest 011 one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, per fourth arti-
cle treaty first November, eighteen hundrejj and
thirty-seven, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of thirty installments of interest
on eighty-five thousand dollars, atfive percentum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars. And the sum of fifty
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, is hereby appropriated, out of any money
not otherwise appropriated, to enable the Presi-
dent of the United States to arrange for and effect
the peaceful and quiet removal of said Indians to
some suitable location outside the limits of any
State, the said sum to be taken from and charged
to the said fund of one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars held by the United States for said In-
dians under the aforesaid treaty of first Novem-
ber,one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven,
and that the amount so appropriated shall be re-
placed from the proceeds of the sales of the lands
belonging to said Indians, which the Government
may be authorized to sell by virtue of an existing
treaty with said Indians, and by act of Congress.
Yaneton Tribe of Sioux.
p'or the fifth of ten installments to be paid to
them or expended for their benefit, commencing
with the year in which they shall remove to and
settle and reside upon their reservation, per fouith
article treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, sixty-five thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamette Valley.
For fourth of five installments of annuity for
beneficial objects per second article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
Poncas.
For the last of five installments to be paid to
them or expended for their benefit, commencing
with the year in which they shall remove to and
settle upon the tract reserved for their future
homes, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, twelve thousand
dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for the establish-
ment and maintenance of one or move manual la-
bor schools, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twelfth March,eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand dollars.
For fifth often installments, or during the pleas-
ure of the President, to be expended in furnish-
ing said Indians with such aid and assistance in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, including
the working of the mill provided for in the first
part of this article, as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may consider advantageous and necessary for
them, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
Dwamish and other Allied Tribes hi Washington
Territory.
For fourth installment on one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per sixth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary , eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments forthe estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and to provide said school with a
suitable instructor or instructors, per fourteenth
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter's
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For first of three installments on thirty thousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
fifth article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,and
for pay of teachers, per eleventh article treaty
thirty-first. January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to provide
the necessary tools therefor, per eleventh article
treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the em-
ploymentof a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand
six hundred dollars.
Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
Forfourth of five installments of eight thousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
second article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all nccessary mill fixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines, and hospital stores, books
and stationery for schools, and furniture for the
employes, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the pay
and subsistence of one superintendent of farming
operations, one farmer, two millers, and black-
smith, one wagon and plow maker, one carpenter
and joiner, one physician, and two teachers, per
fourtli article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eleven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Forfourth of twenty installments for the pay
