•880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
tumultuous movement. That is just about the
manner in which the legislation of all parties in
,times of high excitement proceeds. It seems to
me to be deplorably so now.
Mr. President, this is a bold and daring attack
upon the State banks. If it shall prove to be a
successful one, it will produce all the calamity
and ruin which the Senator from Vermont pre-
dicted from it. It is a mostunwise and mischiev-
ous attack upon them; and in a remark or two 1
will present what I deem to be the truth upon that
aspect of the case; and I am not going to speak
more than a few minutes.
The presentUnited States Government, and the
United States Government under the old Articles
of Confederation, were founded upon States and
State governments; and what is the important and
happy result of such a beginning and such a foun-
dation, upon which our Government was reared?
It is this: whenever the common government be-
comes weak and inefficient, and fails to answer
the purposes of society and of the nation} and falls
to pieces, it leaves perfect State governments in
operation that can take care of the interests and
safety of their people, and can preserve them from
the horrors of a bloody anarchy. Who is so wise
as to predict the result of the mighty struggle in
which the United States are now engaged ? No
man. Suppose the southern confederation cannot
be subdued, what will be the fortunate condition of
theloyal States, and especially of the border States,
in that deplorable condition of things ? Their Fed-
eral Government will have been brought to a vio-
lent end; it will either have committed suicide or
it will have been murdered by its atrocious ene-
mies; but although it may fall to pieces, and cea^e
to perform the functions of a Government, still
each State will have its perfect State government
and its perfect State organization, competent en-
tirely to protect all the interests of the people of
those respective States. That, sir, is not only the
glory of our system of confederated States, but it
is our safety; it is our last refuge. When the
fabric of the General Government shall be crum-
bling all around us, and its parts can no longer be
reconstructed, still the State of Kentucky and all
the other States will have their perfect system of
State govemmentand State organism upon which
to fall back. That will be the last tower of strength,
and a sufficient one, under which the people'can
take refuge, and find safety, security, order, and
law.
The system *of the State banks is somewhat
analogous to our system of State governments.
When the deposits were removed by General
Jackson, and his all-pervading popularity with the
people of the United States brought them to sup-
port that movement, and our system of currency
was broken up, the States then fell back upon the
State banks, and with them upon the pnnciplc
of convertibility, they being based upon a specie
foundation, and a bill-holder being always enti-
tled at his wiil and pleasure to have the note which
he held converted into gold and silver at the coun-
ter of the bank; we constructed a new system of
currency and of exchange that performed well
and safely all the business transactions of the coun-
try^ But, sir, instead of that, instead of banking
institutions to give not only locally to the States,
but wherever it circulated, a sound currency at
a discount of something like the half of one
per cent.j or one per cent, at distant points; in-
stead of banks entirely competent to carry on all
the exchange between the remotest commercial
points of the United States, and also to fuimwh a
sound circulating medium, we now have another
monster making its appearance in our midst for
the purpose of breaking down this system of State
banks; and when it has done its work of blot-
ting out the State banks, and uself falls, as it must,
what then will be the condition of the country and
the people? Sir, madness rules the hour. It
seems tome men's reason as well as their patiiot-
ism is unmoored. If we could throw ourselves
back to the generation of men who framed our
Constitution, and who.se prescience enabled them
so distinctly and so clearly to comprehend what
would be its blessed woikings to oureountry,while
its principle should be adhered to—if we could
throw ourselves back with this great monster to
that generation and to that class of men, and let
them take a view of it, of its deformities, and of
what will be its effect upon the country, upon the
people, upon their business, their commerce,and
their trade, and upon the Government, in the union
of the purse and the sword, 1 imagine they would
shrink aghast from the folly, madness, and degen-
eracy of the day.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to attempt
anything like an argument on this measure. I
am satisfied that the day of reason and argument
is passed, or it has not come." I do not believe
that any reason that could be exercised by the
wisest and best men that now live or that ever
have lived, if thrown into legislative assemblies
where they are animated and impressed with such
passions and such objects as move the Congress
of the United States, would have the least effect
upon them. They are predetermined to do their
work, and to do it for mischief or for good. They
will do it; and all we have to do is to bow our
heads and await events which will surely bring
their own remedy.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky talks of the blind, unreason-
ing character of party organizations and of the
representatives of parties.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will permit
me, I made that remark generally, not applying
it to persons.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am aware
that the Senator made the remark generally; but
it certainly, in its general application, will be un-
derstood to refer to those who have the respons-
ibility of the Government. I admit that there
is much truth in the Senator's general declara-
tions; but it does seem to me that the Senator
from Kentucky is not authorized to address the
Senate, as he often does, in that language. The
Senator must pardon me for saying that I do not
think other Senators are more liable to that charge
of being the devotees of party than lie himself.
Mr. DAVIS. I admit that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. His opin-
ions are quite as firmly entertained as are the
opinions of any of us, and he is as warm and as
earnest in their expression as are any of us. Of
the common frailties that belong to us all, I think
the Senator shares his part.
Mr. DAVIS. Largely.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am there-
fore willing, as is the Senator, to admit with him
that we have all of us more or less of the failings
that belong to all of us. But, sir, I do not believe
with the Senator from Kentucky that a member
of the Senate or of the Government of this coun-
try proposes this measure as a war upon the banks
of the country. The Senator assures us that this
is a bold war upon the banks. A war upon the
banks? Not so. I know that it is not so intended.
I have no faith whatever in these declarations
that it is and must be a war upon the banks. 1
am sorry to hear these hasty predictions of the
rum this measure will bring upon the nation. Sir,
these Halls rang many years a:^o with the pre-
dictions of men who assumed to be great financial
statesmen, that the nation would he made a sol-
itude if the Bank of the United States was not
sustained. We all remember these falsified pre-
dictions of other days. The Senator from Ver-
mont to-day makes appeals and predictions that
cannot but remind us of those days when alarm-
ists filled these Chambers. To listen to the Sen-
ator to-day one would imagine that the waves of
rum would run over and sweep over the crests of
the Green Mountains if this measure should re-
ceive the sanction of Congress. The Senator from
Kentucky, too, in earnest if not sad accents, pre-
dicts disaster and ruin if this measure shall be con-
summated. I take a more hopeful view of the
future. It may be blindness on my part, but 1
see not the impending rum so clear to the visions
of honorable Senators.
Sir, my judgment is worth very little, but I be-
lieve, if this hill is passed, it will not bring pres-
sure, ruin, or embarrassment upon the banks or
people in the State that I represent; and it is the
largest banking State in proportion to Us popula-
tion of any in the United States unless it be Rhode
Island. I do not believe there is a man in that
State who understands the commercial, manufac-
turing, and banking affairs of the nation who
dreams that it wiil have the slightest effect. Sii,
we were quite us confidently told here a few
months ago, when we were preparing the neces-
sary means to carry on the Government, we were
told here on this floor, in the other Chamber, and
in a portion of the public press, that if we made
these Government notes legal tender notes, ruin
and disaster would como upon this country. Is
there a man who to-day does not see and know
that if that wise and beneficial measure had not
passed, your Treasury notes would be down to
sixty or seventy cents on the dollar, and ruin and
disaster to the Government and the commercial
interests of the country would have followed?
There is no doubt of it, there can bo no doubt of
it; and it was as clear before the bill was passed
as it is now; yet we had the predictions rnade with
the same confidence and assurance that we have
this day in regard to this great measure. Who
would this day raise his voice to repeal the Treas-
ury note legal tender act ? Few, I think, two years
hence will raise their voices against this measute
if it becomes the law of the land. Even little banks
will then cease to clamor.
Sir, this is a measure which does not profess
to destroy existing banks; a measure that does
not war upon banks at all, and is not intended
to war upon banks; and yet it is assumed to be
a war upon banks; and we are told that if it is
passed, merchants are to fail, mechanics are to be
ruined, the wave of desolation is to sweep over
the land, bringing upon us gloom and solitude.
I do not—I cannot—believe a word of all this,
and I do not know a man in my State connected
with finance who believes a word of it. I believe
if this plan is adopted, and if this system is set-
tled upon, that the banks in the cities will readily
adopt it in a very short time; and 1 believe, too,
the banks of the country wiil gradually come into
it. I venture the prediction that if this bill passes,
that will be the result of it. I do not war upon
banks; they are scattered broadcast all ovrr my
State. I entertain no doubt that the small coun-
try banks do look with disfavor upon this meas-
ure; nor have I any doubt that the system will
gradually work its way in their favor.
The Senator from Kentucky speaks of the bonds
of this Government m a way that leads us to be-
lieve that he thinks that the creditof the Govern-
ment of the United States is not of that character
on \v hich we can base banking institutions safely.
If the credit of this Government is not good
enough, what is there in the country good enough
to bank upon? If t4ie Government goes down,
there is not a considerable bank in America that
does not go down with^t.
' Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to read an extract from a bank report?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Here is a statement of the con-
dition of the Bank of Kentucky and its branches.
It has a capital stock of $>3,G66>400. Its circula-
tion, at the date of this icport, was §1,124,943.
The amount of gold and silver on hand was
#886,665 36. The Northern Bank of ^Kentucky
has a capital of §9,250,000. I have the report ot
the cashier of that bank at my lodgings, but not
here. The condition of that bank as to specie and
in every other respect is better than this one; and
j it is these banks whose notes are at an advance
j of three per cent, over gieenbacks.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Can the Sen-
ator from Kentucky tell me how much the loans of
those banks are, and then I will tell him how much
they aie worth if legal tender notes are worthless?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I will do that. I will
give their assets and their liabilities. Here is the
statement in full:
State of the Bank of Kentucky and Branches January 5,1863.
RESOURCES.
Bills of exchange; maturing and past due... .£1,587,107 45
Notes discounted matuuiig and past due.... 1,751,08(3 30
Su-pended debt in suit, notes and bills  493,616 8:2
One hundred and twenty-six bond* city of
Louisville, 6 per cent., cost  94,7^0 00
Loan to State ol Kentucky  500.000 00
ritnek«s and boiuN of othei eorpoiations, &.C.. 7.5!! 03
Real estate lot debt  04 l210 *27
Assets ot Schuylkill Bank  3^5,tit 59
4jG'M .'216 95
Due fiom banks other than eastern   1,59G,V217 :29
Ileal estate lor banking houses  61,'250 97
Ca^h •
Gold and silver  §886,665 36
Notes ot otliei bunks and United
j tftato- tender  640,305 00
! On deposit in New York and
f Philadelphia  1,368.151 44
Government stamps  213 00
2,901,380 80
Deduct seized and carried off by
the u-belis at Columbus-, by Ol-
der of Geneial Polk  44,938 18
  2,856,458 02
£9.158.203 83
