1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37 th Cong....3d
tofore appropriated to carry into effect any treaty
stipulation with any tribe or tribes of Indians, all
or any portion of whom shall be in a state of act-
ual hostility to the Government of the United
States, including the Cherokees, Creeks, Choc-
taws, Chickasaws, Seminoles, Wichitas, and
other affiliated tribes, as maybe found necessary
to enable such individual members of said tribes
as have been driven from their homes, and reduced
to want on account of their fiiendship to the Uni-
ted States, to subsist until they can be removed
to their homes, and to assist them in such re-
moval: Provided, That an account shall bekeptof
the sums so paid for the benefit of the said mem-
bers q£ said tribes, which account shall be ren-
dered to Congress at the commencement of the
next session thereof. And all purchases of arti-
cles for the purposes above set forth shall bemade
of the lowest responsible bidder, after sufficient
public notice by advertisement in appropriate
newspapers: Proiidtd, af&o, That the said Secre-
tary shall not be required to accept any bid which
is in his judgment unreasonable in its character.
Sec. 4 And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and is hereby,
authorized to enter into treaties with the several
tribes of Indians, respectively, now residing in
the State of Kansas, providing for the extinction
of thei£ titles to lands held in common within said
State, and for the i emoval of such Indians of said
tribes as hold their lands m common to suitable
localities elsewhere within the territorial limits of
the United States and outside the limits of any
State.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to enter into negotiations, by treaty or
otherwise, with such loyal tribes, or the loyal
portions of such tribes, now residing in the coun-
try south of Kansas and west of Arkansas, com-
monly known as the " Indian Country" as may
be necessary in order to secure for the Indians of
Kansas who shall be removed to said Indian coun-
try under the provisions of the preceding section
of this act the title to the lands to which they may
be so removed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Interior is hereby authorized to di-
rectsomuchof theunexpended balances of appro-
priation for the Indian service in Oregon and
Washington as may be necessary to meet the out-
standing liabilities of the Indian department in
said State and Territory during the fiscal years
ending eighteen hundred and sixty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, and eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, d sum not exceeding sixty-eight thou-
sand dollars: Piovidtd, however, That no money
shall be paid cxccpt in discharge of liabilities in-
curred m carrying into effect the objects provided
for by law for the Indian service.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sal-
aries of the Indian agents in Nevada and Utah
shall hereafter be at the rate of fifteen hundred
dollars per annum.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. C.—An Act to provide Circuit Courts for
the Districts of California and Oiegon, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Supreme Court of the United
States shall hereafter consist of a Chief Justice
and nine associate justices, any six of whom shall
constitute a quotum; and for this purpose there
shall be appointed one additional associate justice
of said court, with the like powers, and to take the
same oaths, perform the same duties, and be en-
titled to the same salary, as the other associate
justices. The districts of California and Oregon
fchall constitute the tenth circuit, and the other
circuus shall remain as now constituted bv law.
Sec. Andbe it further enacted, That so much
of any act or acts of Congress as \ests in the dis-
trict eouits in and for the said States of Califor-
nia and Oregon, or either of them, the power and
jurisdiction of cneuit courts, and the act entitled
"An ict to establish a circuit court of the United
Stag's in and for the State of California,''approved
JVl.u eli second ,ei>< Uteen hundred and fifty-five, be,
and the s>ume aie hereby, repealed, anil the said
circuit court is hereby abolished; and there shall
hereafter be circuitcourts held for the districts of
the States of California and Oregon by the Chief
Justice, or one of the associate justicesof theSu-
preme Court of the United States assigned or al-
lotted to the circuit to which such districts may
respectively belong, and the district judges of
such districts,severallyand respectively, eitherof
whom shall constitute a quorum, which circuit
courts and the judges thereof shall have like pow-
ers and exercise like jurisdiction as other circuit
courts and the judges theieof; and the district
courts in and for the several districts in and for
said States of California and Oregon, and the
judges thereof, shall have like powets and exer-
cise like jurisdiction as the district courts and the
judges thereof in the other circuits.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all ac-
tions, suits, prosecutions, causes, picas, process,
and other proceedings, relative to any cause, civil
or criminal, (which might have been broughtand
could have been originally cognizable in a circuit
court as established by this act,) now pending m
or returnable to the several district coui ts of the
United States in the said States of Californiuand
Oregon, or now pending in or returnable to the
circuit court of California, by this act abolished,
acting as circuitcourts, (or so empowered to act,)
shall be, and are hereby declared to be, respec-
tively, transferred, returnable,and continued to the
several circuitcourts constituted by thisact, to be
holdcn within said districts respectively, and shall
be heard, tried, and determined therein, in the
same manuei as if originally brought, entered,
prosecuted, or had in suchcucuil courts; and no
bail-bond or recognizance taken in any of said
actions, suits, prosecutions, or causes transferred
to said circuit courts by this act shall thereby be
avoided, impaiied, or invalidated; and the said
circuit courts shall be governed by the same laws
and regulations as apply to the other circuitcourts
of the United States; and the clerks of said courts,
respectively, shall perform the same duties, and
shall be entitled to receive the same fees and emol-
uments which are by law established for theclctks
of the of her circuit coui ts of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That the cii-
cuit coutt for the districts in California shall be
held at the city of San Francisco and the city of
Los Angelos, in said State, at the same times now
prescribed by law for holding terms of the district
courts for the northern and southern districts of
said State at said places, and the circuit court for
the State of Oregon shall be held at Portland, in
said Siate, at the same times now fixed by law for
holding terms of the district court for the district
of Oregon at that place.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the judge
assigned to the tenth circuit, as constituted by
this act, shall receive, in addition to his salary
hereinbefore provided, the sum of one thousand
dollars for his traveling expenses for each year
in which he may actually attend a session of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. Cf.—An Act to carry into effect the Con-
vention between the United States and the Re-
public of Peru, signed at Lima on she twelfth
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
for the Settlement of Claims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIousc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint two commissioner, whose duty it
shall be, conjointly with the commissioners ap-
pointed by the Government of Peru, to investi-
gate, adjust, and determine the amount of the
claims of citizens of the United States against
the Government of Peru, and of citizens of Peru
against the Government ot the United States, pur-
suant to the Unms of a con vention signed at Lima
on the twelfth of January, eighteen hundied and
-sixty-tli ree.
Skc.2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the j:
Senate, shall appoint a solicitor or agent, learned ij
in the Spanish language and law, on the part of jj
the United States, whose duty itshali be to pros- !,
ecute, before the joint commission m the city of il
Lima, the claims of citizens of the United £kate$
embraced .in the stipulations of said convention.'
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,That thePres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall appoint a secretary to the sk£d com-
missioners on behalf of the United States, verged
in the English and Spanish languages.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted!, That the com-
pensation of the respective officers for whose ap-
pointment provision is made in this act shall be
as foMows: to the commissioners, in full for their
services, four thousand five hundred dollarseach;
to the solicitor or agent, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars, in full for his services. And th«fsaid
commissioners and agent shall also be allowed,
in commutation of traveling and all other personal
expenses, ten dollars a day for the time actually
and necessarily occupied in going from the places
of their residence to Lima and returning home,
under the provisions of 'the convention. To the
secretary of the commissioners on the part of the
United States there shall be paid two thousand
dollars in full for his services, and the same amount
in commutation of all traveling and other personal
expenses as is provided in the case of the com-
missioners and solicitor. And the sums neces-
sary to pay the foregoing salaries and expenses,
as well as the share of the contingent expenses of
the commission on the part of the United States,
and of the compensation of the umpire chosen
under the con vention, are hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated .
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners on the part of the United States,
in conjunction with the commissioners on the part
of Peru, shall be, and they are hereby, authoi ized
to make all needful rules and regulations for con-
ducting the business of the said commission; such
ruks and regulations not contravening the Con-
stitution of the United States, the provisions of
this act, or the stipulations of the said convention.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of State is hereby authorized and required
to transmit to the said commissioners such papers
or records relating to the said commission as he
may deem proper, or as may be called for by the
said commissioners; and at the close of the com-
mission, and of the duties of the umpire, all the
records, documents, and all other papers which
have been presented on behalf of the claimants,
citizens of the United States shall be returned to
the Department of State or be deposited in the
legation of the United States at Lima, as the Pres-
ident may direct.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CI I.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act to promote the Progress of the Useful
Arts."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of section seven of the
act entitled " An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts," approved July four, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, as requires a renewal of
the oath, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whereas
the falling off of the re\enue of the Patent Office
requiredareduction of the compensation of the ex-
amines and clerks orother employes in the office
after the thirty-first day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, that the Commissioner of
Patents be, and he is hereby, authorized, when-
ever the revenue of the office will justify him in so
doing, to pay them such sums, in addition to
what they shall already have received, as will
make their compensation the same as it was at
that time.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That e\ery
patent shall be dated as of a day not later than
six months after the time at which it was pass"d
and allowed, and notice thereof sent to the appli-
cant or his agent. And if the final fee for such
patent be not paid within the said six months, the
patentshall be withheld, and the invention therein
described shall become public property, as against
the applicant therefor: Provided, That in all cases
where patents have been allowed previous to the
passage of thisact, the said six months shall be
reckoned from the date of such passage.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
