882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
and they have issued their money, so that at the
beginningof this warpractically all the money we
had in this country was the paper money of these
two thousand State banks; and they very soon
suspended, and all the practical currency we hud
was. the irredeemable paper money of the State
hnnks. That is the real truth; anu in that state
of tilings and under the necessity which grew out
of- it, 1 felt constrained, for one, to vote for the
issue of notes by the Government of the United
States.
I maintain, sir, that in that state of the cur*
rency, our only circulation, in fact, being the irre-
deemable paper money of bank corporations cre-
ated by the States, it was impossible for this Gov-
ernment to go on with this war on gold and silver.
We must go on with the war on paper money as
a practical fact; and if we must wage the war
with paper money we have got to take the con-
trol of that paper money into our own hands, or
the Government will be destroyed; and the prac-
tical question is the mode of arriving at the con-
trol. This Government must dominate and mas-
ter and control the currency of this country in this
exigency.
I maintain, again, that it is not possible for us
to return to gold and silver at this present time,
and go on with this war, because the State banks
are continually issuing their paper money. Such
is the state of things that it is an impossibility,
and we must look the issue squarely in the face.
As I have said, I believeit isa necessity of this
Government, in some mode, to take control of the
paper currency of the country. In some way we
have got to restrain the issues. I will not say the
paper that has already been issued by the banks;
but the new issues of the State banks, the issues
which the banks have made since the Govern-
menthascommenced issuing its legal tender notes.
While we are creating and issuing paper money,
we oannotallow the banks still to continue to flood
ilie channels of circulation. By that course we
are destroying ourselves. We muat restrain them,
at least to the limit at which they stood when we
began, and not allow them to flood all the channels
of circulation.
Mr. President, the only possible way in which
we can do this is by inaugurating some better
system. It is claimed and maintained that the
system proposed to be inaugurated here is a better
system. Sir, 1 have listened to the arguments on
both sides, and I confess that at times in my own
mind I have been shaken somewhat by the argu-
ments I have heard against this system; but no
better system seems to be proposed. Those who
oppose this system do not conic forward with
another; and as, in niyjudgmcnt.it is noco.spary
to have some system, upon the whole I have b^en
constrained to say that I shall favor this system,
because I do not see that a better system is pro-
posed to meet the exigency. This system will
certainly secure the bill-holder. He has got his
bill sccured by one hundred cents on the dollar
of bonds of the United Slates for every nimty
cents of circulation that is issued. In addition to
the security by put;ing up the bonds of this Gov-
ernment to secure the bill-holder, the bank is re-
quired also to pay in, as I understand, thirty per
cent, of the capital stock; in fact, it must put up
as a pledge to secure $90,000, I understand,
$ino,ooo.
Mr, COLLAMER. That is not so. Vou talk
about a $300,000 bank. I suppose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ves, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. If ii putp in $*100,000 in
bonds it gets $90,000 of notes. Then it must
keep twenty-five percent, of the amount of circu-
lation on hand to meet it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand a section of
the hill requires in addition that the capital must
actually be paid in.
Mr. COLLAMER. That goes to buy the
bonds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, so far as that is
concerned, I am mistaken in that. The security,
therefore, which the bank puts up is, in fact, the
security only of the Government. The Govern-
ment gives out ninety cents in notes for every one
hundred cents of the bonds of the Government
deposited.
Mr, HARRIS, Ninety per cent, of the mat k-.-i
value of the bonds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that market value to be
paid in gold and silver.
Mr. HARRIS. In currency.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It amounts to pretty much
the same thing. Now, Mr. President, I say that
if there is anything valuable in the United States
of America, it is the bond of the Government of
the United States which is secured by the pledge
of the whole pioperty of the Union. Every par-
ticle of the personal and leal pioperty is bound
by that bond. Your State banks are bound;your
railroads are bound; your real estate is bound; all
your merchandise is bound; all your gold and sil-
ver is bound; all you have, ail you can have, is
bound to secure the bond of the Government of
the United States. If there is any such thing as
value, if this Government lives at all, its bond
must be valuable; and I belie-ve the Government
will live; at all events, I am willing to stake every-
thing upon its existence; and 1 believe the people
will respond to this.
Mr. President, a single word further and I am
done. This system is not liable to ail the objec-
tions that were brought against the old United
States Bank. I rose more to say this, for nearly
twenty years of my life in political warfare I
fought against the United States Bank. 1 was
brought up in the school of the Democracy, one
of the straitest of the sect.
Mr. POMEROY. It was a bad school.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was u good school, in
my opinion. 1 have not got over it yet. If 1
could pee the genuine Democracy of those days
prevailing it would rejoice my heart now. Mr.
President, the objection we brought to the Uni-
ted States Bank was mainly that it created a great
monopoly which had control over the whole cur-
rency of the country. This system creates no
monopoly whatever. It is the very reverse of
anything like a monopoly, ltopcns it to every-
body. Any five poisons who choose to associate
can do so if they will but buy the bonds of the
Government, and if they oiganize under this* act
and form their arucks of association and put up
their securities, they have a right to demand, and
by law can enforce the delivery of thes>e notes for
circulation. There is no monopoly about it what-
ever. There can be no political combination grow-
ing out of it in r.,y judgment, because all parties
can avail themselves of it, Republicans and Demo-
crats, everybody standing equal before the law.
It is not giving to a favored few, or any particular
few, the control of the banks, the control of the
currency; it is opening it to everybody in any
State.
Mr. President, it has no such alarming features
about it as my honorable friend from Kentucky
sees or seems to see. It has none of this power
of centralization; it is a decentralizing thing al-
j together, it will have a great many centers. Its
i enntei will he everywhere, so to speak, arid its
! circumference nowhere. New York, Boston,
Providence, all the large towns will be iaige cen-
ters if th.s thing goes into operation; or you can
have them m the ccuntiy, m the Tenjtones, the
States, anywhcie.
Mr. DAVIS. I will of-.k the Senator a question
for information. Did I understand him to say
that he m former years way a Democrat?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I am informed, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But, Mr. President, i sus-
tain this measure because the friends of the Ad-
ministration look upon it as one of those meas-
ures which will enable the Government to go on
under the great and pressing necessities of the
hour.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. [Oh! no.] I desire to say to the Senators
who are in favor of this bill, that there five a great
many Senators who are against it who are now
necessarily absent; but! am willing to fix an hour
to-morrow when we shall take the vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave notice yesterday
that, we must dispose of it to-day.
Mr. POWELL. 1 cali for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me if we can
take the vote to-morrow at a fixed hour, we had
better adjournthan to be calling the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is understood that
the vote is to be taken without furtherdebate 
Mr. POWELL. I have no desire to debate it
further
Mr. FOSTER. Let us fix an hour by which
time we shall take the vote.
Mr. CARL1LE. Fix any hour—half past
twelve or one o'clock.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest, then,
to the Senator from Kentucky that we agree that
we will vote to-monuw at one o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. I am perfectly willing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that the understand-
ing? If there is no objection to that, we shall have
a full Senate to vote.
Mr. POWELL. There is not a quorum here
now evidently.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a quorum about the
building.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think we had better take
the vote to-morrow at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
ordering the yeas and nays upon ihe adjournment.
The yeas and nays wore ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Caildo, Davis., Hicks, Howard, Ken-
nedy. Powell.and Wall—7.
NAYS—Ales^rs. Arnold, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes-Pixten. I1 oot, Fo-ter, Grimes,
Harding, Ilarlan, Harris, Ilcmlei^onJ Howe, King, Lane of
Indiana, Lane ot Kan^a*. Mot nil, Pomcrov, Shcnnan. Sum-
ner, Ten £vck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil&on
of Ma^&aclmsctit—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I propose that we take the
vote to-morrow at one o'clock. There are many
Senators on this side who are not here. There is
nobody on our side who desires to speak on the
bill, as far as I am advise.!.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] told me that lie wished to speak
on the bill.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. Richardson'told me he
should like to speak five or ten minutrs, but 1 have
no doubt he will abide by any agreement that we
may make. If the Senate pre not willing that he
should speak ten miuutes, he will be willing to
take the vote at one o'clock. \ believe he will
abide by any agreement his fiiends may make.
Mr. SHERMAN. J ask if then- is any special
order, or anything that will mterfeiv with the final
disposition of this bill at one o'clock to-morrow ?
&5r. POWELL. 1 will say to the Senatorthat
if we make this agreement we sh>*ll vote to take
up this bill and dispose of it at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate ad-
journs now, it will come up as the unfinished busi-
ness at one o'clock to-mouow.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 know a distinct under-
standing made the other night was not carried out
for some reason or other.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 bes; to say that it was
owing to the Senator from Ohio that that arrange-
ment was not carried out.
Mr. POWELL. Nobody on our side prevented
its being earned out.
| Mr. SII ERM AN. 1 am not blaming anybody.
1 Mr. GRIMES. It was not earned out because
| the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbhry] was
I absent.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. There was sickness in his
family, and hence he was absent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hove no objection, if the
; Senote is willing, to consent to this arrangement.
Mr. POWELL. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February il. X8G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday wus lead and approved.
REPOKT OX COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State transmuting the it poi t on the com-
mercial relations of the United States with foreign
nations for 1602; which was iaid upon the table,
and ordered to be piinted,
PRINTING OF EXTRA COPIES.
Mr. ELIOT moved that four thousand extra
copies of the report be printed for the use of the
members of the House, and one thousand copies
for the uflf of the Stat* Department.
