230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
3?th Cons....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CIII.-—An Act to Incorporate the Institu-
tion for the Education of Colored Youth in the
District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and' House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Henry Addison, John C. Under-
wood, George C. Abbott, "William H. Channing,
Nancy M. Johnson, of the District of Columbia,
and Myrtella Miner, of California, and their as-
sociates and successors, are hereby constituted
and'declared to be a body-politic and corporate,
by the name and title of " The Institution for the
Education of Colored Youth, "to be located in the
District of Columbia*, the objects of which insti-
tution are to educate and improve the moral and
intellectual condition of such of the colored youth
*of the nation as may be placed under its care and
influence, and by that name shall have perpetual
succession, with power, to sue and be sued, to
plead and be impleaded in any court of the Uni-
ted States, to collectsubscriptions, make by-laws,
rules, and regulations, as may be needful for the
government of said institution, and the same to
alter, amend, and abrogate at pleasure; to have a
common seal, the same to break, alter, and renew
at will; to appoint such officers as may be required
for the management of the institution, and to as-
sign them their duties, and generally to provide
for the transaction of all business appertaining to
said institution. And the by-laws, rules, and reg-
ulations which may be so adopted, shall be as
valid as if they were made a part of this act: Pro-
vided, They shall not be inconsistent herewith,
nor repugnant to the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That said cor-
poration may have, hold, and receive, for the pur-
poses of said institution and for no other, real,
personal, and mixed estate, by purchase, gift, or
devise, not to exceed one hundred thousand dol-
lars; to use, lease, sell, or convey the same for the
purposes and benefit of said institution; may ap-
point such teachers as may be necessary, and fix
their compensation.
Sec.3. And be it farther enacted, That said cor-
poration shall not be engaged in any banking or
commercial business, nor shall it issue any note,
check, or other evidence of debt intended to be
used as a circulation; and Congress may have the
right to alter or repeal tins act at any time here-
after.
Approved, March 3, I8C3.
Chap. CIV.—An Act granting Lands to the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of a Military Road from Fort Wil-
kins, Copper Harbor, Kewenaw County, in the
State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
to the State of Michigan, to aid in the construc-
tion of a military wagon road from Fort Wilkins,
Copper Harbor, to Houghton, Portage Lake, and
thence, in a southerly direction, to the State line of
Wisconsin, every alternate section of public land,
designated by even numbers, for three sections in
width, on each side of said road, and also a like
quantity, to be taken and designated in same man-
ner, to the State of Wisconsin, to aid in the con-
struction of a like road from the last-mentioned
place on the State line of Wisconsin to Fort How-
ard, Green Bay, in the said State ofWisconsin. But
in case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the line or route of said road is definitely fixed,
sold any section, or any part thereof, granted as
aforesaid, or that the right of preemption or home-
stead settlement has attached to the same, then it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
set apart from the public lands of the United States,
as near to said even sections aforesaid as may be,
so much land as shall be equal to such lands as
the United States have sold, or otherwise appro-
priated, or to which the light of preemption or
homestead settlement has attached; which lands,
(thus selected in lieu of those sold, and to which
the right of preemption or homestead settlement
has attached as aforesaid,) together with the sec-
tions and parts of sections designated by even
numbers as aforesaid, and approved as aforesaid,
shall be held by the States of Michigan and Wis-
consin for the use and purposes aforesaid: Pro-
vided, That the lands to be selected for and on
account theieof shall in no case be further than
fifteen miles from said road: Provided further,
That the lands hereby granted shall be exclusively
applied to the construction of that road for and on
account of which such lands arc hereby granted,
and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses, and the same shall be applied to no other
purposes whatever: And provided further, That
any and all lands heretofore reserved to the Uni-
ted States by any act of Congress, or in any other
manner by competent authority, for the purpose
of aiding in any object of internal improvement,
orforany other purposes whatsoever, be, and the
same are hereby, reserved to the United States
from the operation of this act, except so far as it
may be found necessary to locate the route of said
road through such reserved lands; in which case
the right of way only shall be granted.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said States shall be
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof,
for the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the
said road shall be and remain [a] public highway
for the use of the Government of the United States,
fiee from tolls or other charge upon the transpor-
tation of any property, troops, or mails of the
United States.
Skc.3. And be it further enacted, Thatthelands
hereby granted to said States shall be disposed of
only in the following manner, that is to say: that
a quantity of land, not exceeding thirty sections,
for said road, may be sold; and when the Gov-
ernors of said States shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that any ten continuous miles of
said road are completed, then another quantity of
land, hereby granted, not to exceed thirty sections
for said road, having ten continuous miles com-
pleted as aforesaid, may be sold, and so, from time
to time, until the said road is completed; and if
said road is not completed within five years, no
further sales shall be made, and the lands unsold
shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That said mil-
itary road shall be constructed with sufficient
drams and ditches, and not less than forty feet in
width, with a grade not less than sixteen feet
wide, with such graduation and bridges as shall
permit of its regular use as a wagon-road in all
seasons of the year, and in such other special
manner as the States of Michigan and Wisconsin
may prescribe.
Approved, March 3,1863.
Chap. CV.—An Act to Incorporate St. Ann's In-
fant Asylum, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America iti Congress
assembled, That Theresa A. Costello, Lucy
Gwynn, Margaret Bowden, Sarah M. Carroll,
Catherine Ryan, Louisa Fisher, and Catherine
Shea, and their successors be, and they are here-
by, made a body-politic and corporate forever, by
the name of 41 St. Ann's Infant Asylum," for the
purpose of establishing and maintaining in the
city of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
an institution for the maintenance and support of
foundlings and infant orphan and half orphan
children, and also to provide for deserving indi-
gent and unprotected females during their confine-
ment in childbirth; and by that name may sue and
be sued, prosecute and defend; may have and use
a common seal, and the same alter and renew at
pleasure; may adopt and establish rules, regula-
tions, and by-laws not repugnant to the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, for properly
conducting the affairs of said corporation; may
take, receive, purchase, and hold estate, real, per-
sonal, and mixed, not exceeding in value at any
one time one hundred thousand dollars, and may
manage and dispose of the same, and apply the
same, or the proceeds of the sales thereof, to the
uses and purposes of said corporation, according
to the rules arid regulations which flow are or may
hereafter at any time be established.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, That said cor-
poration shall be entitled to retain under their care,
charge, and restraint, and subject to the rules and
discipline of said corporation', all foundlings and
infant children committed to their keeping as fully
and completely, to all intents and purposes, as if
they were regularly indented and bound appren-
tices to said institution, until said foundlings and
infants shall be, if males, twenty-one years old,
and if females, eighteen years old, or any shorter
period that may be agreed upon; and said corpo-
ration shall have power to bind them out for a
time not to exceed said ages of twenty-one and
eighteen years, respectively, as apprentices to
learn any trade or business, or to learn to be use-
ful in housekeeping, or may, under terms proper
in the view of the said corporation and to be by
them stipulated, place them for adoption, or as
inmates with any families orpersons, said, corpo-
ration not being restricted in the exercise of their
powers of binding or placing out to the District
of Columbia; and all such acts shall be in writing,
signed by the president of said corporation, and
sealed with their corporate seal, and signed and
sealed by the persons.taking said children as ap-
prentices or as aforesaid, and acknowledged by
said parties before a justice of the peace in and
for said District, and within one month thereafter
recorded in the office of the register of wills for
said District.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
this act.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CVI.—An Act to define the Powers and
Duties of the Levy Court of the County of
Washington, District of Columbia, in regard
to Roads, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled. That the levy court of the county of
Washington, District of Columbia, shall here-
after consist of nine members, to be appointed by
the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall
hold their offices for the term of three years. But
of the members to be first appointed one third
shall be appointed and hold their offices for one
year, or until the thirty-first day of December,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three; one third for
two years, or until the thirty-first of December,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four; and one third
for three years, or until the thirty-first of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and sixty-five. The
terms of members shall commence on the first
day of January and end on the thirty-first day
of December; and it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident to nominate members, to fill the places of
those whose term is about to expire, as early as
the fifteenth day of December; and he may re-
nominate any out-going member, should he think
proper to do so. Of the nine members of the
court, five shall be residents of the county, three
of the city of Washington, and one of the city
of Georgetown. In case of vacancies happening,
the President shall fill them as other vacancies
are filled; and the term of the person appointed
to fill any vacancy shall expire when the teim of
him in whose place he is appointed would have
expired.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person appointed as a member of the levy court
shall, before he enters on his duties, take an oath
faithfully to discharge the duties of the office, and
also to support the Constitution of the United
States; and he shall also take the oath of alle-
giance prescribed by the act of July second, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two. The members of
said court shall hereafter be entitled to receive
four dollars a day, each, for every day they shall
attend a sitting of the court, and not absent them-
selves without permission of the court, and four
dollais for every day they shall serve on a com-
mittee, to be paid by the county treasurer upon
the certificate of the president of the said court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
court shall have the caro and charge of, and the
exclusive jurisdiction over, all the roads and
bridges in said county, except such roads and
budges as belong to and are under the care of the
United States. And the said court shall have
power, and it shall be their duty—
First. To lay out, alter, repair, discontinue,
and regulate any of the public roads and high-
