1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....3d Sess.
ways within said county, and at any time here-
after to inquire and to decide whether any road
in said county held by any incorporated com-
pany, has been, and is at the time of such inquiry,
kept in the condition required by the charter there-
of, and if not, to take legal proceedings to acquire
possession of the same as other county roads.
Second. To levy and collect taxes for that pur-
pose upon and from the inhabitants of said county,
of the age of twenty-one years and over; those
having no property to assess to be assessed to
labor.
Third. To appoint, annually, and take bond
and security from, a clerk and treasurer, and also
to appoint a collector of taxes, who shall have
power to collect all the taxes (not to be paid in
labor) levied by said court, and to proceed to col-
lect the same in such manner and within such
periods of time as the said levy court may di-
rect.
Fourth. To appoint, annually, a general super-
intendent of roads and such number of supervis-
ors of roads as they may deem expedient; to re-
move them, as well as the clerk and treasurer and
tax collector, whenever, in their judgment, there
is sufficient cause, or the public interests will be
subserved thereby.
Fifth. To cause bridges to beerected whenever
necessary or convenient, and to keep all bridges
in good repair.
Sixth. To fix, from time to time, the pay of
the clerk, treasurer, tax collector, superintendent,
and supervisors of roads, and the rates per day
or hour, to be paid for labor to be performed by
men or teams when employed upon roads or
bridges.
Seventh. To levy a tax upon all lands and other
assessable property lying in said county, at a rate
not exceeding one dollar in the hundred dollars of
their valuation, and also a tax of not exceeding
one dollar each on dogs.
Eighth. To require reports or the rendition of
accounts from the collector of taxes, the treasurer
of the county, and from supervisors of roads,
whenever they shall deem it expedient or proper.
Also, reports from supervisors as to the condition
of the roads and bridges in their respective dis-
tricts, and estimates of the probable amount that
will be required to put and keep the same in good
repair for the ensuing year.
Ninth. To pass ordinances imposing fines for
trespassing upon or obstructing or injuring any
road or trees therein, or bridge, ill said county,
and to empower and require the tax collector to
collect the same in the same manner as other fines
are now collected, and to exercise a general police
power over all roads and biidges in said county.
Tenth. To lay out private roads.
Eleventh. To provide for the maintenance and
support of the poor; to erect a " poor-house" for
that purpose, if deemed by said court necessary
and proper; and, in addition to the tax otherwise
herein authorized, to levy and collect a tax on real
and personal property in said county to pay for
the same. The powers herein given are to apply
only to that portion of the county not included
within the corporate bounds of Washington and
Georgetown.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said j
court may authorize any portion, not exceeding j
three fourths of the taxes levied for road and bridge |
purposes, to be paid in labor, of men, horses, i
mules, oxen, the use of plows, carts, and wagons, j
at rates ppr day or hour, for each, to be fixed by ;
said court. But in case any one assessed shall i
have no visible property, and shall prefer it, he
may pay the whole of Ins tax m labor. All labor ■
upon roads and bridges shall be performed at such
times and places as the superintendent of roads
shall duect, and under his supervision, or thatof
the supeivisor of the road, or such other person
as may be appointed to superintend the work. |
And it shall be the duty of the superintendent to
notify all persons liable to pay road tax, or to
labor on roads, of the time and place, when and
where they must appear nnd perform such labor,
at least one week before the day they are required •
to appear. And he may notify such as have teams
of hoises, mules, or oxen, or may have a cart or
wagon, to come or send an able-bodied hand with
such team, cart or wagon, to be used ill repairing
or making roads or bridges', such notice to be
given personally or in writing left at the residence
of the individual notified. If the person so notified
shall fail to appear at the time and place, or send
an able-bodied substitute, or shall not conform to
the directions of the person having charge of the
work, or shall not labor diligently, in the latter
case he shall be dismissed, and in either case he
shall pay the whole amount of his road tax in
cash, with an addition of twenty per centum
thereon. For the convenience of the tax collector
and the superintendent of roads, it shall be the
duty of all tax payers who desire to work out that
portion of their road tax which is herein provided
they may work out, as early as the first Monday
of April of each year, to give notice to the super-
visor of their district of such desire, and such su-
pervisor shall notify the tax collector. But in case
any one shall fail to perform the labor required of
him, the tax collector shall, upon being notified
thereof, collect the said tax in cash, with the
twenty per centum added.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the superintendent and supervisors
of roads to have at least three fourths of the work
to be done on them during the year performed as
early as the middle of July; and in making and
repairing the roads they shall be raised full twelve
inches higher in the middle than at the sides, and
shall be gradually rounded off to the gutters, which
shall be made capacious enough to carry off all
the falling water.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no bill
for labor performed upon anyroad or bridge shall
be allowed or paid to any supervisor by the levy
court which is not accompanicd by a certificate of
the superintendent of roads that he has person-
ally examined the road or bridge so made or re-
paired, and that the work has been well done and
according to law, and that the charges are reason-
ableand just: Provided,hov:txtr,That one ormore
members of the court to be appointed for that pur-
pose,may,after personal examination, makesuch
certificate.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That on ex-
traordinary occasions, when any public road or
bridge shall be destroyed, or so injured as to re-
quire immediate repair, it shall be the duty of the
superintendent as well as the supervisor of the
rood to cause the necessary repairs to be forth-
with made; and if there are no funds in hand with
which to hire laborers and teams, or if laborers
and teams cannot be otherwise procured, the said
supervisor shall immediately summon a sufficient
number of men living nearest the place to appear
and labor on said road or bridge until it shall be
repaired; and he may also require any person
owning a team and living within a reasonable dis-
tance to appear with said team and cart or wagon
and plow. And if any one thus called upon, hav-
ing received two days' notice, shall neglect or re-
fuse to appear and labor, or send an able-bodied
substitute, or shall refuse his team, cart, wagon,
or plow, he shall forfeit and pay to the levy court
a sum not less than three dollars nor more than
ten, tobe recovered before any justice of the peace
in said county, with costs, t'or labor, the use
of teams, and other necessary implements, per-
formed and furnished on such occasions, a just
and fair compensation shall be paid, to be fixed
by the said court.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the levy court shall deem it conducive to the
public interests to open a new road, or change the
course of ail old one, they shall direct the route
of such road to be surveyed by the county sur-
veyor, and a plat or map of the same to be pre-
pared. They shall then cause notice to be given,
by advertisement, twice a week for three weeks,
of the proposed opening of the new road, or of the
alteration of an existing one, calling upon all per-
sons who may have any objections thereto to pre-
sent them to the court at its next regular meet-
ing. If any objections are made, the court shall
then and there 'hear them. If the route only is
objected to, and another or others suggested as
more advantageous, the court may adopt it, or
appoint five discreet, disinterested men. of whom
the county surveyor shall be one, to examine all
the proposed routes, and report such an one as
they shall deem most feasible and advantageous
to the county, and such report shall be made to
the court at its next session. If no objection to
the opening or altering a road by the owners of
the land through which it must pass after such
notice [is made,] it shall betaken forgranted that
no damages are or will be claimed, and the road
may be recorded and opened,and shall then be a
public road or highway; but if any owner or
owners of the land shall object and claim dam-
ages, and the court cannot agree with such owner
or owners upon the amount, then the court shall
direct the marshal of the district to summon a
jury of seven judicious, disinterested men, not re-
lated to any party interested, to be and appear on
the premises on a day specified to assess the dam-
ages, if any, which each owner of land through
which the road is to pass may sustain by reason
thereof. And the marshal shall summon such
jury, and administer an oath or affirmation to
them that they will, without favor or partiality to
any one, to the best of their judgment, decide
what damage, if any, each owner may sustain by
reason of running the road through hispremises;
but in doing this theyshall take into consideration
the benefit it may be to him or her by enhancing
the value of his or her land, or otherwise, and give
their verdict accordingly. It shall be the duty of
the marshal, upon receiving the order from the
court, to give the owner or owners aforesaid not
less than ten days' notice of the time and place of
the meeting of the jury to assess their damages.
In cases where notice cannot be served on the
owner or owners, the same proceedings shall be
had as is provided in this section in the case of
minors. The jury, having been upon the prem-
ises and assessed the damages, shall make out a
written verdict, to be signed by them, or a ma-
jority of them,and attested by the marshal, which
the marshal shall transmit to the court at its next
session, and which shall be recorded. If the court
or any owner or owners of the land aforesaid are
dissatisfied with the verdict thus rendered, and no
arrangement being made between the court and
the said owner or owners, the court shall order
the marshal to summon a second jury of twelve
judicious, disinterested men, not related to any
one interested, to meet and view the premises,
giving the parties interested at least ten days'no-
tice of the time and place of meeting. And the
marshal and jury shall proceed as before directed
in regard to the first jury. And the verdict,signed
by each of the jurors, or a majority of them, shall
be returned to the court at its next session, and
recorded as final and conclusive, and the road
shall then be declared a public road, and the court
shall order it to be opened as such. Andthesame
mode of proceeding shall be observed in cases
where application shall be made to the court by
the residents of the county to lay. out a new, or
alter any existing ro'ad. In all cases where the
land through which it is proposed to run a road
shall belong to a minor or minors.it shall be pre-
sumed that objection is made, and the damages
assessed accordingly. In all cases where it be-
comes necessary to summon a second jury to
assess damages, if the amount assessed by the
secondjury shall not be greater than the amount
assessed by the first, the costs of the secondjury
shall be paid by the party or parties objecting to
the first verdict; but if greater, they shall be paid
by the county. All expenses up to the second
jury shall be paid by the county.
marshal's fees.
For summoning each jurorthe marshal shall be
entitled to fifty cents.
For travel, per mile, going and coming to the
premises to be examined, twelve and a half
cents.
For each day's attendance, two dollars and fifty
cents.
juror's fees.
For each day's attendance, two dollars.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in any
case where materials of any kind shall be deemed
necessary for making or repairing a public road,
if the levy court cannot agree with the owner as
to their purchase, the said court may proceed in
the same manner for condemning said materials
as in cases of condemnation of land for the. pur-
poses ofa public road, as is provided for in the next
preceding section of this act.
Sec. JO. And be it further enacted, That said
levy court shall have full power to make sani-
