88-t
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
etSsigued for its rejection was that the national re-
sources should at this time be devoted to the one
single object of crushing- out the rebellion. I
think that reason a good one now; and for that
reason I shall vote against the resolution.
I shall do so for another reason. I have learned
that eminent citizens of this country are prepared
to represent it at this fair, without charging their
expenses to the national Treasury, if a represent-
ative character can be given to them by the officers
of the Government. They will gladly go there
and represent the States and the nation without
imposing any expense whatever on the country.
A simple indorsement of these gentlemen by the
Stete Department, or by the Department of Agri-
culture, will, I am satisfied, answer all the desired
ends. I therefore trust that the resolution will not
prevail.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I move the previous question.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. 1 raise the point of
order that this joint resolution must be first con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole. I should
not have raised the point of order, had not an
attempt been made to force this resolution through
the House without discussion.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
having^reserved the right to raise it.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Indiana is not
insisting on the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from New York has the right to raise
the point.
Air. COX. I appeal to the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i withdraw it.
Mr. KILLINGER. I renew the pointof order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Indiana re-
served to himself the right of raising the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. He could not reserve it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Is it competent to
go into committee now on this joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes there are
Already two special orders in committee.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
.COLOMBIAN RELATIONS.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fair*, reported back the resolution submitted some
time since by Mr. S. C. Fessendekt, authorizing
and instructing the Committee on Foreign Affairs
to inquire into the expediency of discontinuing
the recognition of General Herron as minister of
New Granada, and of opening commercial rela-
tions with the United States of Colombia.
Mr. COX. 1 send a communication from the
Secretary of State upon the subject of this reso-
lution, which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Department or State, Washington,
February 6,1863.
Sir: I have the honor to return the resolution of the
House ofRepresentatives relative to General Herron, which
you left with me, and to state that, having submitted the
same to the President, I am directed by lurn to say thatthe
function of receiving minister* from foreign countries is
one exclusively confided to him by the CouMitution, and
that ite has nothing to add in regard to the nuwion from
New Granada to that which he has remaiked upon that
subject in his messages, to Congre^and particulaiiy in Ins
rpoent message to the House of Representatives.
I have the honor to be your very obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
To Hon. S. S. Cox, of the Committee on Foreign Jljfairs,
House of Rpjtrescnfafives.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire
what disposition the gentleman proposes to make
of this matter.
Mr. COX. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
ask to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject, for the reason given by the Secre-
tary of State in that letter, that the matter lies
wholly within his own province and the province
of the Executive. The legislative department has
nothing to do with the recognition of a minister.
And I will say to the gentleman from Maine, who
seeks information very properly upon this sub-
ject, that I have no doubt, from what I learn, that
the Secretary of State is taking every step neces-
sary towards a recognition of the Mosquera Gov-
ernment, as it is called, in the United States of
Csdsmbia, formerly known as New Granada.
The gentleman will have noticed, if he has kept
the run of current events, that the revolution so
long continued in New Granada, conducted by
Mosquera against what was known as the Con-
stitutional Government, has been practically set-
tled, and Mosquera has all the functions of the
State—has the ports, has the capital, has the
archives, and that his is the de jure and de facto
Government now. And I have no doubt, since
the recent battle, since which the Mosquera Gov-
ernment has been firmly established, the Secretary
of State will at the proper time recognize that as
the Government with which he will hold inter-
course.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order:
that this question about foreign ministers has
nothing to do with the report of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I simply desire to facilitate busi-
ness.
Mr. COX. What the committee report is, that
they be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. LC>VEJOY. My only object in reference
to the matter is that we may get to other business.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. 1 am aware that the
facts arc now as stated by the gentleman from Ohio.
I desire to express my satisfaction that the report
has been made; and 1 am glad to hear that such
measures have been taken as will result favorably,
so far as the object I had in view is concerned.
The resolution was laid on the table, and the
committee discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof.
COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported back Senate bill No. 311, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Colo-
rado," with an amendment.
The amendment was read by the Clerk.
Mr.THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Where does
that bill come from ? Is it in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is regularly reported back
from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope it
may be printed, so that we can have an opportu-
nity of examining it before wc are to act upon it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will simply say that these
provisions are such as the Delegate from the Ter-
ritory deems desirable and necessary for the ad-
ministration of justice within the limits of that
Territory, and the Committee on Territories can
see no objection to it. They have therefore in-
structed me to report it. if there is any wish to
amend further, or to discuss the amendment we
have reported, I will yield for that purpose; if
not, I will ask the previous question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that it had better be recom-
mitted and* printed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. My desire
is that the bill may be printed, so that we may
have an opportunity of examining it. As I un-
derstood it from its* reading at the Clerk's desk,
it contains some extraordinary provisions. As I
understand, in the first place, it extends all the
provisions of the Constitution of theUnited States
to this Territory of Colorado, and at the same
time it contains provisions for the appointment of
judges in that Territory with jurisdiction incon-
sistent with the provisions of the Constitution.
Mr. BENNET. Let me say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that this bill contains
no new provision not already in the organic law
of the Territory of Colorado, cxcept so far as
relates to the jurisdiction of justices of the peace
and judges of probate.
It provides that the jurisdiction of justices of
the peace shall be extended from $100 to $300, and
not beyond, as the Legislature may determine.
It also provides that the jurisdiction of probate
courts in the Territory of Colorado may be ex-
tended to $2,000, and that they have power, also,
to determine questions of real estate. The ne-
cessity of this is, that we have in that Territory a
great deal of litigation among the miners in regard
to the titles of mining claims. By the laws of the
Territory these mining claims are regarded as
leal estate, and unless we have courts that sit"
every month and every week to determine in a
summary manner these questions as between the
miners, and not as betwepn the miners and the
United States, this litigation will continue for
years, it may be, and in the mean time the claims
will be tied up, and the miners will be compelled
to cease work.
Mr. THOM AS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that this bill extends in terms all the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States to
the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. BENNET. Just as the organic acts of
all the other Territories do.
Mr. THOMAS,of Massachusetts. If I under-
stand the provisions of the bill they extend, as I
have stated, in terms, the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States which are not, as
a matter of course, extended over the Territory.
How, then, can judges of probate determine the
value of land to the extent of $2,000, when the Con-
stitution prescribes trial byjury in all cases where
the amount in question exceeds twenty dollars?
Mr. BENNET. I will answer the gentleman
that he is mistaken. The law only prescribes that
in the case of the Supreme Court there shall be
no trial byjury. There is the trial byjury in the
probate as well as district court trials. But where
cases are appealed from the probate courts and the
district courts to the Supreme Court, then the bill
provides that there shall be no trial by jury, just
as it is provided in all the other Territories of the
United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment, I think the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has fallen into the same mistake that
I did until I had read the bill two or three times
over. When it says " in no case" the meaning is,
not in any instance; but the word " case" is used
in a technical sense, meaning in any trial carried
up to the Supreme Court.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I cannot
tell what is in the bill until it is printed and I can
examine it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not move to recommit this bill.
It is very late in the session, and I do not know
when we shall get through with it if it is to be re-
commuted. I hope the resolution will be passed.
Mr. BENNET. One further remark. This
amendment contains no new principle in territo-
rial legislation, none whatever. Thine were in-
ferior courts similar to these courts provided for
in the organic law of the Territory of Illinois, and
so in respect to many otherTerntories. This bill
siniplyrecognizesan inferiorcourtin theTemtory
of Colorado, known as a court of probate. There is
already a probate court known to the laws of the
Territory; but the jurisdiction of thatcourtis lim-
ited to about the same as that of justices of the
peace. And what we want is to extend the juris-
diction of these courts. The same courts are con-
tinued which already exist in the Territory, but
we extend the jurisdiction of probate courts to
sums of $2,000, and give them power also to de-
termine questions of real estate, with the light of
trial by jury, and with the right of appeal from
the probate courts to the district courts, and an-
other trial byjury, with the right of appeal to the
Supreme Court. The right of appeal is prohibited
there as it is under the law now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The statement of facts made
by the gentleman from Colorado is correct. There
are only two things in the proposition as it is pre-
sented to the House. The Senate bill makes a re-
striction of the veto power; and the amendment
of the House increases the jurisdiction aheady ex-
isting from $100 to $2,000'for the decision of these
claims. That is the whole of the bill. I do not
see what objection there can be to taking a vote
on the matter at this time. The Legislatuie of
the Territory has passed resolutions asking for
this legislation. There is no doubt that it is the
desire of- the people; I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. 1 think that I
may venture to do so.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF MONTANA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back House bill No. 626  to pro-
