232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
37th Cong....3d Sess
Laws of the United States.
tary rules and regulations in said county, to abate
nuisances, and to pass such ordinances as it may
deem necessary for their condemnation and re-
moval, and for the punishment of persons creat-
ing them or suffering them to exist on their prem-
ises; which punishment shall not exceed a fine
of twenty dollars, for the use of the county, or
imprisonment in the county jail thirty days for
each offense. Said levy court shall also have
power to pass such ordinances as it inay deem
necessary to effectually prevent Sabbath break-
ing^ said county by hunting, gaming:, fishing,
or otherwise, on Sunday; to prohibit the killing
of such game as said court may think proper dur-
ing certain periods; to regulate fishing in the waters
of said county, and to provide for sufficient pen-
alties for the "violation thereof. And it shall be
the duty of the metropolitan police of the District
of Columbia to enforce any and all of the ordi-
nances of the said levy court in the same manner
as they are now required to enforce the ordinances
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown;
the funds required for that purpose to be paid by
said levy court from the county treasury. And
from and after the passageof this act the duties of
county constable shall be confined exclusively to
th,e sprvice of civil process and the collection of
strictly private debts within the said District of
Columbia. 4-nd each of the county constables
holding office at the time of the passage of this
act, and each of said constables hereafter ap-
pointed, shall, before performing any duties re-
quired to be performed in hissuld office, take the
oath of allegiance required by the ac£of July sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and atxty-two,in addition
to any oath of office required of him at the time,
and shall moreover enter into a bond to the Uni-
ted States in the sum of five thousand dollai s,
with security to be approved by the clerk of the
circuit court, conditioned for the faithful perform-
ance of the duties of his office, and for the punc-
tual payment of all moneys coming into his hands
to the persons entitled to receive the same, and
shall renew the said bond on the thirty-first day
of June in every alternate year of Ins continuance
in office.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the act
entitled "An act to authorize the levy court to is-
sue tavern and other licenses in the District of
Columbia,"approved June twelfth,eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, be so extended as to authorize the
levy court to grant licenses to wholesale and retail
dealers m goods, wares, or merchandise m the
county of Washington outside the limits of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, under such
restrictions and penalties as the said levy court
may deem expedient.
Sec. 12. And be it. further enacted. That, fines,
under any of the ordinances of ihe levy com I, may
he recovered in the name, and for the use, of said
levy court, before any magistrate of said county
of Washington, and the person or persons against
whom a fine may be imposed shall pay the same
at the time it is so imposed with costs, or give
security for the payment of such fine and costs,
as required by the sixth section of an act entitled
"An act to amend an act to create a metropolitan
police district of the District of Columbia, and to
establish a police therefor;" approved August six,
eighteen hundied and sixty-one, or shall stand
committed till the whole is paid.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted* That all
laws inconsistent with this act are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, March 3, 18G3.
Chap. CVII1.—An Act to regulate the Duties of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives in
preparing for the Organization of the House.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That before the first meeting of the next
Congress, and of every subsequent Congress, the
Clerk of the next preceding House of Represent-
atives shall make a roll of the Representatives
elect, and place thereon the names of all persons
and of such persons only, whose credentials show
that they were regularly elected in accordance
with the laws of their States respectively, or the
laws of the United States.
Approved, March 3,1863.
Chap. CV1I.—An Act supplementary to an Act
entitled "An Act for the Relief of Persons for
Damages sustained by reason of Depredations
and Injuries by certain Bands of Sioux In-
dians,"approved February sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the above entitled
act be, and the same are hereby, applied to all
damages sustained by reason of depredations and
injuries by said jlndians as therein set forth, in the
State of iuwa and Territory of Dakota, as well
as in the State of Minnesota.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
water rates or rents authorized to be collected by
the act of which this act is amendatory shall con-
stitute a fund exclusively for the maintenance,
management, and repair of the system of water
distribution.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CIX.—An Act amendatory of an Act en-
titled "An Act to provide for the Care and Pres-
ervation of the Works constructed by the Uni-
ted States for bringing the Potomac Water into
the Cities of Washington and Georgetown, for
the Supply of said Water for all Governmental
Purposes, and for the Uses and Benefit of the
Inhabitants of the said CiLies."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in addition to the poweis con-
fei red upon the corporation of Washington by the
second and third sections of the act of Congress
appioved March three,eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, [entitled] "An act to provide for the care
and preservation of the works constructed by the
United States for bringing the Potomac water into
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, for the
supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of the inhab-
itants of the said cities," full power and authority
are hereby given to the said corporation to levy
and collect a water-tax on ail real property within
the corporate limits of the city of Washington
which binds on or touches on any avenue,street,
or alley in which a main water-pipe has been laid
or heieaftcr may be laid by the United States or
by the corporation of Washington, which water-
tax shall be as nearly as possible equal and uni-
form ■> may bo levied on lots in proportion to their
frontage orthcir area,as thesaid corporation may
determine; and may be collected in not less than
three nor more than five annual installments, of
which installments all after the firstshall bear in
torest at the rate of six per centum per annum
commencing from the date o/[at] which tire first
installment becomes due, but may, at the option
of the owner of the property taxed, be paid and
discharged in full at any time after it shall have
been levied. And the said corporation of Wash-
ington is further authorized and empowered, on
petition of the owners of the majority of the real
estate on any square or line of squares, to lay
down water-pipes and erect fire-plugs and public
hydrants wherever thesame may be requisite and
necessary for public convenience, security from
lire,or for health.
Sec. 2. And be it finthcr enacted, That, to aid
in the erection, maintenance, and efficiency of fire-
plugs throughout the city, the said corporation of
Washington is hereby authorized and empowered
to levy and collect a special annual tax on all
buildings within five hundred feet of any main
water-pipe into which,or the premises connected
therewith, the water has not been introduced,and
the owners or occupants of which do not pay an
annual water-rate or rent m accordance with the
oulmances of the corporation, which tax shall be
levied with reference to the value of the building
so taxed, and shall be not more than five dollars
nor less than one dollar per year; but whenever
the water shall be introduced, in conformity with
the corporation laws, into any building or prem-
ises, the fire-plug tax th-.-reon shall cease; and
whenever the water shall be discontinued from
any building or premises into whioh it has been
introduced, the said building shall be subject to
the fire-plug tax from the date of the discontinu-
ance of the water.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the water
tax hereby authorized to be levied and collected
shall constitute a fund to be used exclusively to
defray the coat of distribution of the water, in-
cluding all necessary fixtures and machines con-
nected with said distribution; and the annual
Chap. CX.—An Act to extend the Charter of the
Alexandria and AVashington Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House: of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Alexandria and Washington
Railroad Company be, and the same is hereby,
authorized to extend their said railroad from the
south side of the Potomac across said river to and
along Maryland avenue to the Capitol grounds,
and across Pennsylvania avenue along First street
to Indianta avenue, and thence to the Baltimore
and Ohio depot; and that all the ordinary rights,
privileges, and liabilities, incident to similar cor-
porations are conferred upon said company for
that purpose: Provided, however, That the same
shall be subject to alterations, amendment, or re-
peal: And provided further, That the cars shall
not be drawn on the streets aforesaid, or on the
structure across the Potomac river mentioned in
the second section of this act, by steam power,
without the consent of Congress and of the cor-
porate authorities of the city of Washington
thereto: And provided fi/.rther, That said company
shall be authorized to charge and receive rates of
freights and fares not exceeding five cems for each
person transported and for each ton conveyed on
said road so extended: And provided, also, That
no person shall be excluded from the cars 011 ac-
count of color.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the said
company are hereby empowered to make such
additional structure or passage way along either
side of the Potomac bridge as may render the
same safe for public use, and so as not to hinder
the general use of said bridge for ordinary travel,
which shall be ascertained by one or more ex-
perienced civil engineers, who shall report, by
proper surveys and estimates, to the Secietary of
the Inteiier for his approval; the whole cost of
which surveys and construction of said addi-
tional bridge for the purposes aforesaid to be paid
by (he said company. And the said company
shall construct such draws as shall correspond
with those now in use 011 the said bridge, and of
such model as shall be determined by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and which shall afford rea-
sonable facilities for navigation 011 the Potomac
river.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall keep that poit.on of the avenues
or stieets occupied by then- road 111 good repair,
and provided with suilable crossuays, at the
proper places, for vehicles and wheeled carriages,
and for general use. The track of said road shall
be hud as neaily m the center of the street and
avenues through which it passes as may be, with-
outintei'f'euns; with the water mainsand gas pipes,
and the speed of travel shall be subject to such
regulations as the corpoiate authorities of the city
of Washington shall, from time to time, pre-
scribe, under such penalties as the said coi poiate
authorities shall impose: Provided, however, That
the rights and privileges herein granted shall con-
fer 110 authoiity or right to interfeie with the
United States military use or possession of said
road or contemplated extension during the pres-
ent rebellion, or to any claim for damages or in-
demnification therefor.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
company may acquire and hold such real and per-
sonal estate as the piactical use and working of said
road may require, under such regulations, and sub-
ject to such taxation,as is imposed bylaw 011 simi-
lar property located in the city of Washington.
Slc. 5. And be itfutther enacted, That this act
take effect from the time of its passage.
Approved, March 3, 1S63.
Chap. CXI.—An Act to Incorporate the National
Academy of Sciences.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Louis Agassiz, Massachusetts;
