1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
vide a temporary government for the Territory of
Montana: which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the same committee.
STATE OF NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 627, to enable the
people of the Territory of Nevada to form a con-
stitution of State government, and for their ad-
mission into the Union oh an equal footing with
the original States; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the same committee.
STATE OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
poited back House bill No. 628, to enable the
people of the Territory of Nebraska to form a
constitution of State government, and for their
admission into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States; which was ordered to be ,
printed, and recommitted to the same committee. I
STATE OF COLORADO. |
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re- j
ported back House bill No. 630, to enable the peo- |
pie of Colorado to form a constitution of State gov- [
ernment.andfor their admission into the Union on '
an equal footing with the original States; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
same committee.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS FOR COLORADO, ETC.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to report a bill to provide
ioradtlitional clerks and messengers for the Legis- ,
jative Assemblies of Dakota and Colorado, and to
move that it be put on its passage at once.
The bill was read a first and second time; and
\hen it was read through.
Mr. COX. I do not understand why a bill of
this character is brought in to pay officers of these
Legislative Assemblies. I suppose that there is
a general appropriation to cover all of these cases.
Mr. ASIILEY. The Legislative Assemblies
of these Territories of Colorado and Dakota have
asked this Congress to authorize them to employ
an additional clerk and messenger.
Mr. COX. I think that that is rather a small
business for the House to indulge in—don't you.''
I move that the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. ASHLEY. They are not authorized to
employ them except by act of Congress.
Mr. COX. I think that a general appropria-
tion bill would authorize them to carry on all of
their legislative business. 1 move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have not yielded the floor
for that put pose. The Delegates from both of
the Territories interested have asked us to grant
this power to the Legislative Assemblies. It is
a small matter, and is easily understood; and I
therefore demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX moved that the bill belaid upon the
table.
On a division, there were—ayes 40, noes 53.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays. I
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
The question was taken; and it was decided m j
the negative—yeas 51, nays 66; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs William Allen, William J. Allen, An i
eona, Biddie, William G. Brown, C.ilvert, Clements, Fiod- ;
erick A. ConklinejItosmeCoiikliniM-oA, Cricoid,Dawts, j
Dunn. English, Fisher, Gnder, Hale, Harding, Hanson, ;
Kerrigan. Kiliiiiger,Knapp, Law, Leary, Lehman, Mel liei- j
son, Mavnard, Menzics, Morns, Nixon, Noble, ;
Pendleton, Porter, Price. Robinson, James tvollina, \
Slnel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stile,-, Straiten, lrmible,
Vooiliees, Wallace, Wa.-Jibmne, Chilton A. V\ lute, \\ ick-
liffe, Woodiuff, Wright, and VTeanian—51.
N ^YS Me^rs. Aklneli. Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bailv. Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Samuel S. Blaii, Blake,
Butiinton, (,'as-ev, Chamberlain, Clark, Coltax, t utler, Da-
vi~ Delano, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, lily, ienton, Sam-
uel (\ Fevomten. Thomas A. D. Fetsei.den, 1 ra.iehot,
Goodwin, Gransei", Gmley. Hickman, Hooper, Hutchms,
Kelley. Franen,' W. Kellera, William kellogg, Laiisms.
Lovejov, Low, Melndoe, Mi-Knight. Moorliead. Anson 1.
Moi ulL fatten, Timothy G. l'lielp.-, I'lke, Pomeiov, 1 otter.
4!e\andei H. Kiee. John II. lliee,kiddle, Edwaid If Re-
ims' S'uirent Sliaiilt-. SSheUabargei, Sherman, spauldulg,
■Pi:;,*S*. Van no..., Veiree, Walton, Albert S.
White, VVn.-on, Wmdom, and U oiee-ter—bt>.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr ASHLEY. This is a small matter, and
is asked by the Delegates of both Territories, and
I hope that the bill will now be passed.
Mr. DELANO I call now for the special order.
The SPEAKER. The special order has been
fixed for this hour, but as the mam question has
been ordered on the pending bill, that order must
first be executed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being; engrossed, it was accord-
I ingly read the third time.
I The SPEAKER. The special order will now
' be taken up.
! Mr. WILSON. I ask to introduce bills for
reference.
I Objection was made.
1 WASHINGTON JUSTICES' COCJRTS.
! Mr. DELANO, from the Committee for the
' District of Columbia, reported a bill to establish
! justices' courts in the Distnct of Columbia, and
i for other purposes; which was read a first and
i second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
; to the Committee on the Judtciaiy.
SALE OF LIQUOR.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, re-
' ported a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
1 prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and intoxi-
I eating drinks in the District of Columbia," and
I for other purposes; which was read a first and
j second time, recommitted to the same committee,
; and ordered to be printed.
i METROPOLITAN POLICE DISTRICT. •
| Mr. DELANOalso,from the Committee for the
j District of Columbia, reported a bill supplement-
ary to an act entitled "All act to amend an act to
i create a metropolitan police district for the Dis-
; trict of Columbia, and to establish a police there-
! for;" which was read a first and second time, fe-
ll committed to the same committee, and ordered to
be printed.
KATE CAITIIER, ET AL.
Mr. DELANO also, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Kate Gaither, and others; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to have this bill put
upon its passage, and 1 will occupy the House a
moment instating the reasons for reporting it. It
is reported in compliance with the unanimous ap-
proval of the board of commissioners who were
j appointed to settle the claims for damages for
1 slaves emancipated in the District of Columbia,
1 under the act of the last session of Congress.
! There were a few cases of claimants who at the
I time were absent from the District, and could not
1 present their claims within the time prescribed
' for presentation of proof. They were cases ill
: which the claims were so clearly equitable, that
the entire board of commissioners united in rec-
ommending that there should be a supplemental
act passed which should give these claimants the
same privileges and entitle them to the same com-
pensation as those who had madedue proof within
the prescribed time.
Mr. F. A. C0NKL1NG. Will the gentleman
state the aggregate amountof this appropriation'
Mr. DELANO. It is $7,212 50; and 1 would
state to the gentleman that the bill involves no new
appropriation, as this sum is all brought within
the appropriation already made by Congress.
It is hardly necessary forme to dwell upon the
equities of particular instances; but 1 will refer to
a single case as illustrative of all of them. A
widow lady of this city had three aged house ser-
vants. She went to the Sulphur Springs in com-
pany with a sister, and theie remained until her
sister die$j[. During her absence, the period for
making proof expired, and she was unable to pre-
sent her claim before the commissioners in due
time. Tins is but a single instance; and the
equity of it was manifest; and I believe the equity
of every other case is as manifest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that $300 was spe-
cified in th(' original bill as the average pay for
' the ne°roes to be liberated by that act 111 tins Dts- j
' t. ict I would ask by what mode the commission- ,
' ers ascertained the value of each particular negro |
! specified in this bill? I ask secondly, whether .
any of the claimants named ill this bill aie per- j
' son-; of Afucttn descent? _ . i
Mr, DELANO. 1 understand there is nothing ,
! which indicates—at least nothing in the lepoit
I which the commissioners have made—how the J
j! commissioners reached the average value; but the
!j award in relation to these parties is made upon
'■ the same principle as the awards in^relation to
claims which were presented in due time.
Mr. HOLMAN. These cases wer* not be-Fore
the commissioners.
Mr. DELANO. They were; and they were
acted upon, upon the assumption that Congress
would not preclude them from the general bene-
fits of the bill.
As to the other question, I would say that it
does appear from this report—strange as it may
appear,and howeveritmay be dealt with by some
gentlemen upon this flooi—that there is 0116 per-
son in this list who seems to be a colored propri-
etor, and he comes in for an allowance for his col-
ored slaves, and claims the amount of $613 20.
Lest that claim may be prejudiced from anything
which has fallen from the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman,] I will say that 1 inquired as
to the nature of this case,ancj was given to under-
stand that this claim had at least this merit: that
this claimant appropriated his own earnings in
redeeming these slaves, and now he thinks it the
proper time to come in and get the money returned.
I do not know that that is a full and ample expla-
nation. . . .
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire, further,
whether the amount appropriated by this bill will
make the sum, in the aggregate,paid by the com-
missioners, exceed $1,000,000?
Mr. DELANO. U will not.
Mr. HOLMAN. What will it make the whole
amount?
Mr. DELANO. As this is a matter of consid-
erable interest to many members, I prefer that the
report of the commissioners shall be read.
The report was read, as follows:
Officc of the commissioncrsvnder the act of Congress ofJlptil
16,1862, entitled "Jin act for the release of certain persons
held to se? u?cc or labor the District of Columbia.
City Hall, Washington City,
January 33.
Sir: The commissioners would most re^pectluli> icc-
ommentl the ea^es embraced in ttie iiccoinp.i>iyuig >aj e,
marked C, to the equity of Congrew,. i lie '
bo entitled, in every .e-pRct, to compensation under the
act, if then petitions had been filed in due tune, inattney
have not been thus tiled has been owing to the several e.ui.-es
stated in the evidence herewith presented. In some in
stances the parties were 111 Oregon or California, and I.ad
not Milficient time, after learning the requirements-, oithe
law, to comply with them. In other eases- the. P;lrtllJs> 't'"
living at a distance 01 in Washington, confided tht 11 peti-
tion? to attorneys, who, by accident or 'if L
file them. In some eases the parties faded o o
time from ignorancc oftho provisions of the law, 01 01 Tlr^
construction that would be given to it.
The appraisement of the slaves in all these ha*
been determined on the same scale of value as that adopted
"we are,"very respectfully,ffittaOODLOE, '
HORATIO KING.
J. M. BROAOIIEAD,
Commissioners.
To the Secretary or the Treasury.
Table '•<?. 
1. Kate R. Gaither 
2. John C   
y. Sai ah Webster 
4. Ilusjlj   
5. Lloyd   
6. Ami C Cunningham   
7. Teresa Arm yaffcH ••"••••
8 Thomas J. U. Perry, and Mary A., his wife.
9. Richard Younger, not produced.
10. John A.   
11. Mary   
12. G<>or«e White,colored 
13. Mos-esKeliy, administrator of W. W. Russeli
United States Aimy 
$433 00
438 00
yot> GO
by? so
•Jbi 80
£ tU 1)0
00
569 40
1.13* 80
1.314 00
'i>13 20
4o9 00
50
Mr. McPHERSON. There is oik c.-.s- em-
braced in that list to which a specific reference is
not made by the commissioners, but of which i
have positive knowledge. It is the case of an offi-
cer of our Army who, at the time of the sitting of
the commission, was on duty with the army Oa
the Potomac. Reserved with it until it returned
from the peninsula, when he discovcrea th<u ihe
time withm which he was required to fi!(' his pe-
tition had elapsed. Since thalamic the< nio%i has
died, leaving a dependent lomily. _
Mr. DELANO. 1 move the previous question
U'M>n thn engrossment and third reading of the biM.
'The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under (he
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and lead a third time,and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
