886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. EDGERTON demanded the yens and nays
upon {he passage of* the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aifirmative—yeas 57, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Daily,
Baker. Baxter, Beanmn. Jacob fi. Clair,William G. Blown,
Buffiiifon. Calvert, Clark, Clements, lioscoe Conkling.Cria-
fieltl, D.uvos, Delano, Eliot, Ely, Stimuel C Fessenden,
-Fisher, Franehot,Gooch, G-.mger, Hale, Harrison. Hooper,
Kellev', Kilhnjrer, Learv, Lehman, Loomis. Low,BlcKean,
>lcPheiNon, Mavn.nd, Moorhend, Nixon, Noell, Ol.u, Pai-
toii, Pomeioy. Alexander II. Rice, Riddle, Edwaul II. Rol-
lins, James's Rollins, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, titration,
Benjamin F. Tlioma*, Train, Verree, Wallace, Walton,
Wh«eler, and Albeit S White—57.
NAYS— Messr.-. William Allen, William J. Allen, Anco-
na, Samuel S. BUn, Wake, Chamberlain. Colfax, Conway,
Culler, Dave*, Edgt*rt«m, Thoinu* A 1). Fe^euden, Gi idei,
Harding, Hickman. dolman, IIu:chni% Julian, Knapp,
Lansing, Lovejoy, Mclndoc, Maiston, Menzics, Aiwrn [J.
Morrill, Pendleton, Pike, Poitor, Potter, Pi ice, John II.
Rice, Robin-oil, Sarsent, riegar, Shanks, Sherman, Shiel,
Sloan, William G. Steele, Stevens, Sulfa,Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Hoiti, Van.Valkenburgh. Wadsworih, Walker,
Washbuine, Chilton A. White, Wickhfl'e, Wilson, Win-
dom, Worcester, and Yeainan—54.
- So the bill was passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biil was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. lask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to give way to me, that I may make
a personal explanation in reference to some re-
marks made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, (Mr Stevens.]
Mr. DELANO. I decline to yield, unless the
matter peitmns to tiie District of Columbia.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will avail myself of some
other day, then.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill (fl. R. No. 701) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company."
The first section of the bill provides that from
and after the passage of the bill the said company
shall not receive a rate of fare exceeding three
cents a passenger.
The second section provides that during the
pessions of Congress the company shall run one
car every three minutes each way during the day,
between the east front of the Capitol and the city
of Georgetown, and shall travel at a rate of not
less than four and a half miles an hour.
The third section provides that the president
and directory of the company shall embrace in
their annual report to the stockholders and to
Congress a statement of the annual cost of their
railways, cars, horses, depots, stables, real estate,
and property of every description, the gross re-
ceipts of said railways from all sources during
the year next pi feeding the date of said report,
and a statement of the running expenses of said
railways for the same period of tune, which re-
port shall be given under the oath or affirmation
of the president and tieasurer.
The Committee for the District of Columbia
reported an amendment to strike out the first and
second sections of the bill.
Mr. DELANO. 1 will state in one word to the
House the reasons of the committee for recom-
mending the striking out of the first and second
sections of this bill. It will have been observed
that the first section of the bill as it was referred
to the committee proposes to reduce the fare from
five cents to three cents. The second section pro-
poses to recjture the corporation to run cars dur-
ing the sessions of Congress in such a manner that
a car shall start from certain stations once in
three minulea during the day; and then the third
section proposes to require that the directors shall
include in their annual report a statement of their
receipts and expenses.
Now, Mr.Speaker, it did not seem to the com-
mittee that so soon after the incorporation of this
company, and before it has even fully equipped
itself, be fore it can have an oppoi tunity of determ-
ining upon what conveniences it can afford to the
public, we should commence an attack upon, or
put ourselves in an attitude of hostility to, the
company. It was thought to be better that we
should prepare ourselves, in the first place, with
the necessary information for judging the com-
pany in order that we might at a future session
determine whether they are rendering afull equiv-
alent for their chartered privileges. We have,
therefore, reported against any interference at this
session either with the fares or the running regu-
lations of the cars. We understand, and have the
best assurances from the directors of the company,
that they intend to afford the public every reason-
able accommodation. They have put on all the
cars that they have been able to put on the road,
and hope to be fully equipped before Congress
shall enter upon its nextsession. Now, with these
assurances, and with the provision made in the
third section, which will enlighten Congress at its
next session upon every point on which they de-
siie information, I trust the House will not insist
upon more than the passage of the third section
of the bill.
Mr.W ASH BURN E. Mr. Speaker, when Con-
gress passed the act incorporating this company,
they very wisely reserved the privilege of alter-
ing or amending its charter at any lime. This bill
was introduced to change the charter under that
power which Congress reserved to itself. The
first section provides for a reduction of faro; and
I believe it is just that Congress should make this
reduction. I undoptand that the piofitsof the
company are absofutely enormous, and that the
shares are worth $250 for a $100 share. I can see
no reason why the people fiom all parts of the
country should be taxed to pay the company these
enoimous profits. Theaverage travel of each per-
son on the road is not more than a rmie, and every
one of them is chaiged five cents. Now, sir, [
contend that three cents a mile is ample and suffi-
cient, and that it is our duty to amend this char-
ter so that the company shall not* receive more
than that amount. Of course the rate of fare
makes no difference to us heie who have passes
in our pockets, if we have them; but to the trav-
eling community, to the mechanics and poor peo-
ple, who use the road, it makes a great deal of
difference; and I do not see why we should keep
up this rate of fare. Gentlemen may say that it is
the same as in other cities; but in New York and
other cities where there are those lailroads, pas-
sengers can travel seven miles of ioute,and the
fare will not be nearly as much per mile as it is
upon this road.
Then, sir, in regard to the second section, in
relation to their having more cars and running at
a greater speed, 1 need not tell gentlemen here how
this railroad is managed. It is the worst managed
railroad, I believe, that was ever established in
any country. During the time that this House
is in session you cannot in one case m ten get a
scat in the cars. Why, sir, the car in which I
came to the Capitol from the War Department
this morning was so crowded that it was impos-
sible to get another person in, and yet these men
refuse, upon flimsy pretexts, to puton more cars,
so as to afford the accommodation which the pub-
lic ought to have when we have given them such
immense privileges.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to my friend from Illinois. 1 suggest that
while there is no objection to reducing the fare to
three cents the road has not been in operation
long enough—only for a few months—to justify
any severe censure on the manner of its manage-
ment. It may be probable that the fare ought to
be reduced. The libeiality of this company in
giving every member upon this floor and every
member at the other end of the Capitol a free ticket,
enables us to act with perfect impartiality as be-
tween the citizens and this railroad corporation.
[Laughter.] But the fact that the company has
only been in operation n few months, may be an
argument against any interference wi^h them as
yet.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would ask the gentle-
man if he has not heard that this road has already
paid for itself and is now making $1,000 a day ?
And that being the case, can the gentleman, as
the champion of the laboring classes, come here
and wish to fill the pockets of the corporation still
further?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not objecting to redu-
cing the icite of fare; but I do object to censuring
the company for the management of the road until
it has had a fair chance.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not see that it has
not had a fair opportunity. It is six or eight
months since it was incorporated,
Mr. COYODE. I would state, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Illinois, that the
company are now doing all they possibly can.
Last night from dusk to daylight they were at
work with a large force changing the track on
Seventh street and the Avenue, with a view of
affording additional facilities for the transporta-
tion of passengers. And the company affords
greater facilities by exchange tickets than any
other company does that I know of in the United
States.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not understand
the gentleman's last remark.
Mr. HOLM AN. I submit this question, rather
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania than to my
friend from Illinois, whether this company is not
extending its roads so as to accommodate various
other portions of the city, and whether this very
extension of the line on routes which do not, per-
haps, pay very well, has not rendered it impos-
sible for the company to furnish those facilities
which otherwise might have been furnished for
travel upon the mam streets with which he and
myself are best acquainted '
Mr. WASHBURNE. This company is not
obliged to extend its lines any further than it has
done, unless it sees its profit in it. 1 believed they
have complied with the provisions of theircharter
so far as it required the building of the road. What
I complain of, and what I now ask the Represent-
atives of the people to do, when we have < bar-
tered a company whose stock is now worth $250
a share, is to take off some of the burden fi om ihe
people. I am not particular in regard to the pro-
visions of this bill. If the fare is to lemain at the
present rate, 1 would say take two cents of it from
the company and give it to some public interest
here in the District, to the public schools; or take
some portion of it to clean the streets of Wash-
ington, which have been in a most disgraceful con-
dition during this last winter.
1 hope, therefore, that the rate of fare will be
reduced, and that this company will be compelled
to give to the tiaveimg public such facilities for
tiavel as they have a right to expect.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
|| the table.
Mr. SEGAR. I think lean satisfy the gentle-
man from Illinois that he is undera-great mistake
as to the large profits realized by this company.
It fell to my lot to be appointed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia (of which I am a
member) to hold a conference with the president
$nd directors of the company in relation to the
points raised by the gentleman from Illinois, and
the resultof that conference was a firm conviction
on my part that the company so far are realizing
but very moderate profits. I may not be able to
state all the data, but I recollect that they employ
already five hundred horses,and will employ more
when ail their cars shall have been puton the tracks.
They employ several hundred agents in one form
or other,and have now running seventy-live cars;
the number of which will be incieased from time
to time as the convenience of the public may re-
quire. I was also assured, on satisfactory data,
that at the rate of three cents per passenger the
company cannot be maintained, and this assur-
ance seems reliable when it is remembered that
not a single horse railroad in cities much larger
than Washington has maintained itself at the rate
of three cents per passenger. So that if the pro-
posed reduction of fare shall be made, the com-
pany will be dissolved, and the whole community
will lose the accommodations now given by the
company, the rich and the poor alike.
The question, then, is whether we shall have
these accommodationsat the present rates offare,
or not have them at all. As for the hardship of the
present rates upon the poor and laboring classes,
1 have to say that it is well known that many cit-
izens residing in Georgetown and in the outskirts of
this city, and who are employed at the navy-yard,
are taken from their homes to their work at the
navy-yard at the small charge of five cents each.
If the rate of three cents be adopted these citizen*
and the rest of us must either walk or go back to
the old omnibus transportation. In regard to the
crowdingof the cars, this happens usually from
the interference of Government wagons that will
not make way for the cars, the consequence of
which is that several cars are sometimes crowded
together and thus defeat the time arrangements
of the company, and creating a crowded state of
the cars, feut the cars run at intervals of two ana
