1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laivs of the United States.
3Tte Coj\tg....3d Sbss>
tificates shall be received and recorded by the said
secretary among the executive proceedings; and
the chief justice and associate justices, and all
civil officers in said Territory, before they act as
such, shall take a like oath or affirmation before
the said Governor or secretary, or some judge or
justice of the peace of the Territory, who may
be duly commissioned and qualified, which said
oath or affirmation shall be certified and trans-
mitted by the person taking the same to the sec-
retary, to be by him recorded, as aforesaid; and
afterwards the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded in such manner and
form as may be prescribed by law.. The Gov-
ernor shall receive an annual salary of two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, the chief justice and
associate justices shall reccive an annual salary
of two thousand five hundred dollars, the secretary
shall receive an annual salary of two thousand
dollars; the said salaries shall be paid quarter-
yearly, from the dates of the respective appoint-
ments, at the Treasury of the United States; but
no payment shall be made until said officers shall
have entered upon the duties of their respective
appointments. The members of the Legislative
Assembly shall be entitled to receive four dollars
each per day, during their attendance at the ses-
sions thereof, and four dollars each for every
twenty miles' travel in going to and returning
from said sessions, estimated according to the
nearest usually traveled route, and an additional
allowance of four dollars per day shall be paid to
the presiding officer of each house for each day
he shall so preside. And a chief clerk, one as-
sistant clerk, one engrossing and one enrolling
clerk, a sergeant-at-arms and doorkeeper may be
chosen for each house; and the chief clerk shall
receive four dollars per day, and the said other
officers three dollars per day, during the session
of the Legislative Assembly; but no other officers
shall be paid by the United States: Provided, That
there shall be but one session of the Legislative
Assembly annually, unless,on ail extraordinary
occasion, the Governor shall (hink proper to call
the Legislative Assembly together. There shall
be appropriated annually the usual sum to be
expended by the Governor to defray the contin-
gent expenses of the Territory, including the
salary of the cleik of the executive department;
and there shall also be appropriated annually a
sufficient sum, to be expended by the secretary
of the Territoi y, and upon an estimate to be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, to defray the expenses of the Legislative
Assembly, the printing of the laws, and other
incidental expenses; and the Governor and secre-
tary of the Territory shall, in the disbursement
of all moneys intrusted to them, be governed
solely by the instructions of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, and shall, semi-
annually, account to the said Secretary for the
manner m which the aforesaid moneys shall have
been expended; and no expenditure shall be made
by said Legislative Assembly foi objects not spe-
cially authorized by the acts of Congress making
the appropriations, nor beyond the sums thus
appropriated for such objects.
Sec. 1^. And be il farther enacted, That llie Le-
gislative A ssembly of the Territory of Idaho shall
hold its first session at such time and place in said
Territory as the Governor thereof shall appoint
and direct; and at said first session, or as soon
thereafter as they shall deein expedient, the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed to
locate and establish ihe seat of government tor
said Temtoryat Mich place as they may deem
eligible: 1'ioiided, That the seat of government
fixed by the Governor and Legislative Assembly
shall nut bo at any time changed, except by an
act of the vud Assembly duly parsed, and whii'h
shalL be approved, after due notice, at the first
general election thereafter, by a majoiity ot the
legal votes east on that question.  
,Si:c. 13. And be it further enacted, That a Del-
egate to the House of Representati ves of the Uni-
ted States, to serve tor-the term of two years, svho
shall be a citizen of the United States, may be
elected by the voters qualified to elect members
of the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled
lo the tame rights and privileges as are exercised
and enjoyed by the Delegates from the seveial
other 1'eintories of the United States to the said
House of Representatives; but the Delegate first
elected shall hold his seat only during the term of
the Congress to which he shall be elected. The
first election shall be held at such times and places,
and be conducted in such manner as the Governor
shall appoint and direct; and at all subsequent
elections the times, places, and manner of holding
the elections shall be prescribed by law. The per-
son having the greatest number of legal votes shall
be declared by the Governor to be duly elected,
and a certificate thereofshall begiven accordingly.
That the Constitution and all laws of the United
States which are not locally inapplicable shall
have the same force and effect within the said
Territory of Idaho as elsewhere within the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That when
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed,
under the direction of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, preparatory to bringing the same into
market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six
in each township in said Territory shall be, and
the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of
being applied to schools in said Territory, and in
the States and Territories hereafter to be erected
out of the same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That, until
otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said
Territory may define the define the judicial dis-
tricts of said Territory, and assign the judges who
may be appointed for said Territory to the sev-
eral districts, and also appoint the times and places
for holding courts in the several counties or sub-
divisions in each of said judicial districts, by proc-
lamation to be issued by him; but the Legislative
Assembly, at their first or any subsequent session,
may organize, alter, or modify such judicial dis-
tricts, and assign the judges, and alter the times
and places of holding the courts, as to them shall
seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That all offi-
cers to be appointed by tile Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, for the Territory of Idaho, who, by
virtue of the provisions of any law now existing,
or which may be enacted by Congress, are re-
quired to give security for moneys that may be j
intrusted with them for disbursement, shall give
such security at such time and in such manner as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
Sec . 17. And be it further enacted, That all trea-
ties, laws, and other engagements made by the
Government of the United States with the Indian
tribes inhabiting the Territory embraced within j
the provisions of this act, shall be faithfully and j
rigidly observed, anything contained in this act ,
to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the ex-
isting^ agencies and superintendencies of said In-
dians be continued with the same powers and du-
ties which are now prescribed by law, except that
the Presidentof theUnited States may, at his dis-
cretion, change the location of the office of said
agencies or superintendents.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXVUI .—An Act making Appropriations 1
for the Naval Sei vice for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and tor
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and [louse of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stedes of America in Congress ,
assembled,' That the following sums be, and they j
are hereby, appropriated, to be pmd out ol any
money in tile Tie,winy not otherwise appropri- :
ated, lor the year ending the thirtieth of June, j
eighteen hundred and sixty-tour: |
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty >
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, fourteen million seven hundred and <
thirty-four thousand three hundred and thirty-two
dollars and seventy cents.
For the eonstiuction and repair ot vessels of the
j, Navy, nine million two hundred and ninety-eight
■I thousand dollars.
!'r For the purchase and building nf additional
i: Steamers, repawn of same, charier of vessels ex-
:! tia labor and materials, and repairs of vessels on
foreign stations, fifteen millions of dollars,
j'i For two armor-plated sea-steamers ot iron ot
i1 the{irstc!ass,thrcemilUondollars: Provided, That
i! no contract shall be cntcied into tor the construc- .
tion of said steamers until after public advertise-
ment for proposals to build the same, published
for at least thirty days in two daily newspapers
of general circulation, published in each of the
cities of Washington, New York, Boston, and
Philadelphia, prior to such contract being made.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, three hundred and twenty thousand
dollars.
For fuel for the Navy, and for the transporta-
tion and expenses thereof, two million six hun-
dred and ninety thousand dollars.
For the equipment of vessels in the Navy, viz:
For the purchase of various articles of equip-
ment, canvas, leather, cables, and anchors, and
furniture,and stores,in the masters', boatswains',
and sailmakers' departments, two million dollars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to vessels for sea service, five
million four hundred and seventeen thousand seven
hundred and forty-five dollars.
For construction and repair of machinery for
vessels in commission, five million seven hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the siclc and hurt of the Navy, including the en-
gineer and marine corps, one hundred* $1^ fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For cannon of all descriptions, field and boat
howitzers, gun-carriages, shot, shell, and equip-
ment of all kinds; powder, purchase of niter, small
arms, ordnance labor at navy-yards, freight,
transportation, books, inspecting instruments,
watchmen,assistantsforfabricationandinspection
of guns, and contingent expenses of ordnance and
ordnance bureau, six millions three hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For three powder-tugs at Boston, New York,
and Philadelphia, and repairs of ordnance steam-
boat, forty thousand dollars.
For repairs and additions to ordnance machine-
ry in shops, and for the establishment by pur-
chase or hire of two magazines, and repairs and
additions thereto, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For pay of photographer for ordnance bureau,
three hundred dollars.
For compass stations and magnetic deviations,
books, binnacles, flags, signals, logs, sand-glasses,
leads, longitudes, tables of navigation, determina-
tion of meridian distances, and experiments with
night-signals, one hundred and forty-nine thou-
sand dollars.
Forcontingent expenses of the Navy, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: for the freight and
transportation of materials and stores for yards
and docks; for dockage; for printing ;md_ sta-
tionery; for books, maps, models,anddiawings;
for the purchase and repair of fire-engines; for
machinery of every description, and the patent
right to use the sam<-; for the repair of steam-
engines, and attendance on the same in the navy-
yards; for docking \easels; for the purchase and
maintenance of horses and oxen ami driving
teams; for carts and timber wheels, and work-
men's tools of every description, and impairing
the same; for postage of lefters on publi" service,
for furniture for Government houses; for coals
and other fuel; for candles and oil for us*1 of navy-
yards and stations; for cleaning and cl<' 'ring up
yards; for supply of water at navy-vards for
navv-yard purposes; forfiags,awnings,and pack-
ing-boxes; for watchmen, and for incidental labot
at navy-yards not applicable to any otln r appro-
priation, six hundred and seventy-nine thousand
dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following pui poses, viz: expenses of recruit-
ing ttavolmg expenses of officers; transportation
of'men; printing and stationery; adveitising in
newspapers; postage on public letters; wharfage
and demuirage; funeial expenses; apprehending
deseiters; pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in distress: per diem pay to
persons attending courts-martial, courts of in-
quiry, and other services authorized bylaw; pay
