THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ilege. -I present the following credentials of the
Hon. Alvin Hawkins:
Headquarters, District or Jackson,
16th Army Corps, .Department of Tennessee,
Jackson, Tennessee, February 4,1863.
Special Order, No. '29.]
Whereas, it appears from returns made to these head-
(juauers that, in pursuance of the proclamation and writs
of election issued by Governor Andrew Johnson of the State
of Tennessee, directing and ordering that an election be
opened and holden at the various precincts and places of
votingin the counties of Henderson, Carroll, Henry, Weak-
ley, Gibson, Obion, Dyer, Landerdall, and Tipton, com-
posing the ninth congressional disliiet in the State ofTen-
nessec, on the 29th day of December, 1862, for the purpose
of electing a Representative to the Congress of the United
States, said election was hoiden-. Ana it also appearing
from said returps that at said election Alvin Hawkins, a
citizen of the aforesaid district, received 1.U01 vote**; vV\
W. Freeman 23 votes ; and 30 votes were cast tor other per-
sons; being cast as follows:
In Henderson county, Hawkins received 700 votes; scat-
tering 30 votes. In Carroll county, Hawkins received 647
votes; W. W. Freeman received 2 votes. In Dyer county,
Hawkins received 58 vote®; Freeman received 16 votes,
fn Gibson county, Hawkins reeeivo-d 496 votes; Freeman
received 5 votes.
It therefore appears, and I do so certify that the said Al-
vin Hawkins has been duly and legally elccted Represent-
ative of the said ninth congressional district of the State
of Tennessee in the Congress of the United States; and
that there was no authority competent to receive said re-
turns within said district; and that communication with
Governor Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, has been inter-
rupted since said election.
I further certify that, within my own personal knowledge,
military forces of the so-called '* confederate States" were
at various places within said district on said day of said
election preventing the people from voting.
JER. C. SULLIVAN,
Brigadier General Commanding the District of Jackson.
In accordance with what has been the course
pursued in similar cases, J move that the creden-
tials be referred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OIT COLUMBIA AMUSEMENTS.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 578, to regulate places of public amuse-
ment in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read. Its main provisions are to
require a license for every performance designed
for the public amusement under a penalty of not
less than ten dollars nor more than fifty dollars
for each offense. It prohibits the furnishing of
wines or spirituous liquors at such performances,
and prohibits the employment of females as at-
tendants.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN called the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord"
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASYLUM FOR COLORED PEOPLE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 505, to incorporate the national asso-
ciation for the relief of colored women and child-
ren; and to demand the previous question on its
The bill was taken up, and the previous ques-
tion was seconded and the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, reported
a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish trcasonand rebellion,
and to seize and confiscate the property of rebels,
andforotherpurposes;" which was read afirstand
second time, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
same committee, reported back House bill No.
690, to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Columbia Institution for the instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, and to
make an appropriation for the benefit thereof,"
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. That bill makes an appro-
priation, and under the rules must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
REGISTER OF DEEDS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
same committee, reported back House bill No.
482, to establish the office of the register of deeds
for the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read through.
Mr. ROLLINS, ofNew Hampshire,demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask to have entered
upon the Journal a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House laid upon the table the bill
m reference to the Washington and Georgetown
railroad.
The motion to reconsider was entered accord-
ingly.
NORWEGIAN BARK TORDENSKIOLD.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 438,
for the relief of the owners of the Norwegian bark
Admiral P. Tordenskiold, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill provides that there be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the orderof the proper functionary of his
Majesty the King of Sweden and Norway, the
sum of $14,309 13, in coin, as full compensation
to the owners of the Norwegian bark Admiral P.
Tordenskiold, or their legal representatives, for
damages sustained by the bark by reason of being
prevented by the commander of the United States*
blockading force at Charleston, in May, 1861,
from leaving the port with cargo, the bark having
innocently entered during a brief interval in which
the blockading force was absent.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA CONGRESSIONAL ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that the House will now
proceed to the consideration of the Louisiana con-
gressional election cases.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no objection, if the
gentleman will move to postpone their further con-
sideration.
Mr. DAWES. I could not move to postpone,
as I have not the floor to do so. The House really
expected fo take up the Louisiana congressional
election cases when it had finished the District of
Columbia business.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
consider the Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. BIDDLE. I ask my colleague to yield to
me to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will yield to me, I will move to
postpone these election cases until Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I will agree to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has the floor. Does the gentleman yield to
that motion ?
Mr. MENZIES. I am willing to yield to that
motion.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have an understanding
about this matter. I want to know whether the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] de-
sires to press the appropriation bills before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. STEVENS. We are so far back that I am
afraid we will not get through with the bill unless
we go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to-day. We can dispose of them in
a short time.
Mr. DAWES. How soon?
Mr. STEVENS. We can finish them this
week.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want the postpone-
ment to be beyond Monday next. If the condi-
tion of the business of the House is very pressing,
the cases can go over to be taken up at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to postpone the
election cases till Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
privilege. I have some remarks before me
The SPEAKER. State the nature of your
privileged question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I propose to quote the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
he spoke them. He said that he did not believe
that there could be raised by the United States
fifty thousand volunteers, and that drafted men
were out of the question.
The SPEAKER. Nothing in regard to the
debates of the House have been considered as a
question of privilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I only wanted to show
what he did say.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Objection was made.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. McKnight in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
is the Navy appropriation bill. The pending
amendment, submitted by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Calvert,] is as follows:
Provided, That no portion of the money appropriated by
this act shall be used for the pay and support of the seventy-
■six midshipmen illegally appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy, and that the said midshipmen be discharged from the
Acadcmy.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mc-
Pherson] moved the following substitute for the
amendmentof thegentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Calvert:]
Provided, That the acting midshipmen appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy during the late jecess of Congress,
and named In the executive document No. 6, House of Re-
presontative«, third session, Thirty-Seventh Congress, shall
be at oncc discharged from the Naval Academy; and no
part of the money hereby appropriated shall be applied to
the payment of any of the expenses of said cadets after the
passage of this act.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have not much to say on
these amendments, Mr. Chairman, and wish
mainly to state what I understand to be the facts
in the case. The debate the other day seemed to
go on the presumption that we had not been al-
lowed to make the recommendation that the law
entitled us to makeforthe Naval Academy. Now,
I understand that each member has his appoint-
ments, if he chooses to make them, as prescribed
by law. Then the question came up, whether,
under the present circumstances of the country,
when we needed all of the educated men of our
land in the naval and land service, there should
be additional pupils appointed for this school by
the Executive, or whether there should be none
at all? The question was not who should appoint
them, but whether they should be appointed? The
rebel States had not made their appointments
The school could be carried on with the whole
number as well as it could with only a pru t; that
is, the expenses would not be increased whether
tho school was only half full or entirely full.
That being the fact, the Executive proceeded to
fit! the school.
