188B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, If I understand my col-
league, he states that this class which had to be
formed must have been formed by the Secretary
of the Navy or the Executive. Let me ask him,
if this class was to be formed, what prevented the
Secretary of the Navy distributing the appoint-
ment of the naval cadets among the Representatives
of the people—the members of the popular branch
of Congress, as he sneeringly calls us?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose there was this dif-
ficulty: there were more members than pupils to
be appointed. I understand that he did allow
certain favored ones, among whom was my col-
league, to make nominations of some of those
seventy-six cadets.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does the gentleman re-
fer to me ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do. It is so reported.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does the gentleman say
I appointed midshipmen?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I say that it appears from the
printed report, as I remember it, that one mid-
shipman was appointed upon the recommendation
of my colleague.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. Mycolleague,itseems
to me, cannot be in earnest in making that state-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is my recollection of
the printed report.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will look at it again. I desire to say that I never
made any recommendation. I never knew that
this class was to be formed, and the Secretary of
the Navy is the last man who would call upon me
to make any recommendation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I do not remember cor-
rectly, I suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make an inquiry
for information. If this class was to be formed
so as to give the members an opportunity to rec-
ommend boys according to some law, 1 desire to
know whether there was any notice given by the
Secretary of the Navy that he was forming this
class, so that the different members could make
nominations? I never heard of it. The first I
knew of it was what I heard in the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I knew nothing of it; but the
House will call this to mind, that an attempt was
made upon the part of Congress to provide in some
way for building up this school,but for some rea-
son the House and the Senate did not agree. In
other words, Congress did not make any provis-
ion for this additional number of pupils, and con-
sequently there was no legal provision for these
appointments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Permit me to say one
word.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My recollection is not
distinct upon the matter, but so far as it goes, it
is to this effect: that the question was fully dis-
cussed in the House whether we would permit
these vacancies to be filled; and upon that full dis-
cussion the House refused to have them filled up;
and hence, after that action of the House, I think
the action of the Secretary of the Navy is still
more flagrant than it appears.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 think there was a general
expression of opinion that it was desirable that
this thing should be done; but the House and the
Senate did not agree upon any mode in which it
could be done. But the immediate point before
the House is,this: if the Secretary of the Navy
has acted without authority of law it is compe-
tent for Congress to make a provision of law. But
the action proposed to the Committee of the Whole
is to cut off these young men, take them out of
the school, send them home, and making them
suffer for whoever may have done wrong in this
case. Now, to that result I am utterly, and I think
intelligently and honestly, opposed. Whatever
stain there may be upon the escutcheon of their
appointment they ought not to suffer.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I must say I do not see
any groat hardship in these boys, who are where
they are without right, and who have been there !
nine months or a year at the expense ot the Gov- j
ernment, going out and giving way to other boys i
appointed by my colleague and myself. Foi in- 1
stance, take our own State. It seems that from that j
State, one of the fust in population, and, as I said I
the other day, the first in point of intelligence and
patriotism, we have but two midshipmen in this
class, and they are both from the city of Chicago,
which, as my colleague knows, gobbles up pretty
much everything in that State. One is represented
by a citizen of this District, and the other by the
gentlemanfrom Chicago;and I say,whatevermay
be my feelmgs*-and I presume I have the same
feelings towards these boys that my colleague
has—itis the right of my constituents which Con-
gress has given them to be represented in this
school, and I have no authority to surrender that
right, and 1 do not intend to do it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me that, whatever else the Secretary of the
Navy may have done, he has violated no right of
the members of this House, because, under the
provision of law as it stood when these appoint-
ments were made, no member of this House had
any claim of right to any of these appointments.
All the violation of right there is, if there has been
any, is in the making of appointments for which
there has been no special provision of law.
Mr. PIKE. The Secretary of the Navy has
prevented members of Congress from filling up
these places by their own appointment, as they
proposed last session. It was an interference with
the prospective rights of members of Congress.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Members
of Congress have certain rights, and one is to
recommend certain persons to this school. But
there are vacancies which arise in districts which
arc not represented upon this floor; and such va-
cancies these members have no power whatever
to fill; and, therefore, no right of any gentleman
upon this floor has been impaiied.
Mr.PIKE, {understand that members ofCon-
grcss have the right to appoint two persons. The
school is of limited capacity. It was proposed at
the last session of Congress to give members of
Congress three appointments instead of two. The
Secretary of the Navy in the meantime has stepped
in and filled the school to its utmost capacity, and
in that way has prevented members of Congress
from filling them themselves.
Mr. M AYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
whether these boys have committed any impro-
priety, moral or otherwise ? If not, shall we visit
upon them any punishment for having devoted
themselves to the profession of the Navy?
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a point of order. Itis
that there are several gentlemen here who desire
to be heard upon this question, and if the gentle-
man from Illinois occupies the floor, and allows
speeches to be interpolated into his remarks, we
shall have no opportunity to be heard.
Mr. M AYNARD. I ask the gentleman's par-
don, and withdiaw my speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Suppose, now, these pupils
had not been appointed by the Secretary, there
would not be one single appointment by any one
of us to-day. Congress is just at its close, and
unless a new law is made we cannot fill them, and
unless the Secretary filled the places they would
not be filled at all.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to say a few words
in relation to this matter, and I will make them as
brief as possible. The number of midshipmen in
office in theNavy ofthe United States is,bylaw,
five hundred and fifteen altogether; or if the reso-
lution passed in the Senate takes tiioright view of
the existing law, the number is five hundred and
five, depending upon the question whether each
of the two laws passed at the last session con-
ferred upon the President the rightofappointment
of ten midshipmen.
That number is apportioned among the Repre-
sentatives of the whole country, including ali the
seceding States, giving two to each congressional
district, twenty to the President, and three to be
selected by him out of young enlisted boys in the
Navy who have shown some particular good qual-
ity of courage or otherwise which entitles them to
consideration.
Now, if gentlemen will refer to the Constitution,
they will find that the ultimate power of appoint-
ment of all these midshipmen is vested in the Pros- :
ulent by the Constitution, and that no law can be
made that will give it to membcis of Congress
under any cheu instances whatever. The Constitu-
tion piuvides that " the President shall have power
to appoint embassadors and other public ministers
and consuls,and judgesof fheSupremeCourt,and
ali other efficers whose appointments are no therein
(in the Constitution) otherwise provided for, and
which shall be established by law; but the Con-
gress may by law vest the appointment of such
inferior officers as they think proper in the Pres-
ident alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments;" and there is no provision of the
Constitution by which the least officer of ihe Gov-
ernment, of any description, can be appointed by
Congress. They may legislate to give the ap-
pointment, when they take it from the President,
to the courts or to the heads of Departments, but
not to themselves, and they can have no right to
these appointments whatever laws they may pass.
Now, suppose this amendment prevails, what is
the result of it? E^ry one of these boys now in
the school at Newport has the commission of the
President of the United States. They are officers
ofthe Navy, and no power short of the impeach*
ingpower can remove them from the Navy.
Mr. PIKE. Were they appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not know whether
they have been or not. The Senate may look into
that possibly, but wc cannot. It is no business
of ours whether they advise and consent to the
appointments or not. They are commissioned by
the President, and they cannot be removed by us.
If you succeed in driving these young lads out of
the Naval School, you put them upon the naval
vessels as midshipmen. You cannot remove them
from the Navy, or take from them their commis-
sions.
Now,by the laws which have been passed, each
congressional district is entitled to two repre sent-
atives in this school, to be selected by its member.
The suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois,
that we refused to enlarge the number of appoint-
ments by members of Congress, is a little incor-
rect. The House passed such a bill, but it was
defeated intheSenate; or rather was lost in aeon-
troversy between the House and the Senate, on
account of the Senate putting on an amendment
giving the appointments to the Senators. That
was the reason of the failure.
Now, sir, each member here has had the ap-
pointments which the law gave them. They have
recommended their two, and the boys recom-
mended by them are now in the school. But there
are districts in the rebel States of which there are
no Representatives; and this brings me to the pol-
icy of this measure, to which I desire to call the
attention of the House, for in that lies its whole im-
portance. It is not very important who makes the
selection, but I say that it is vastly important that
these offices should be filled. Before the breaking
out of this rebellion, as is well known, the policy
of the Navy was in the hands of the rebel south-
ern States, and a majority of the officers of the
Navy came from that section of the Union. I
know not what the reason was. Perhaps it is not
necessary to suggest it. It may be that northern
young men, having graduated, were content to
into engineering and othercivii pursuits; hut it is
a fact that the policy and sentiment of the Navy,
and of the Army as well, was controlled by south-
ern officers.
At the breaking out of the rebellion, those from
the rebel States resigned their commissions, a.id
they are out of the service. They will hardly be
restored, whatever settlement may be made. But
they are away, and it is now m the powerof the
loyal States, by filling the places at West Point
and Newport, to control the policy and sentiment
both of the Army and Navy for the next thu ty
years; and that is the question that is proposed
to this body—whether we will avail ourselves of
the opportunity,letting these appointments siand,
and going on m such a way as we shall deem fit,
advisingthe Executive or passing newlaws upon
the subject for the distribution of these offices so
as to fill up to their capacity both the Naval and
the Military School, thus reaping that advantage
from this rebellion and changing the policy and
sentiment of the Army and Navy. 1 suy that we
shall fail in our duty to our constituents and to
the loyal States of this country if we allow any
personal feeling to stand in the way of the aooom-
plishmentof these objects. Th«re im limiting nvue
important, in my judgment, at this day, than that
we should fill all the naval and military appoint-
ments in this country with loyal young men,
young men from fifteen to twenty years of age,
who for the next thirty years will control the
policy of both the Army and Navy.
