238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mareli 3,
37'ru OoNa....3D Sess.
Laws of the United States.
said Fowle and Rumsey, and that all benefits and
privileges of such library and reading room be
granted to our soldiers free of charge, and that
said building be removed whenever the Secretary
of the Interior shall require the same to be done.
Approved, January 13, 1863.
No. 9.—Joint Resolution to provide for the im-
mediate Payment of the Army and Navy of
the United States.
Whereas it is deemed expedient to make im-
mediate provision for the payment of the Army
and Navy: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of flmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized, if required by the
exigencies of the public service, to issue on the
credit of the United States the sum of one hun-
dred millions of dollars of United States notes,
in such form as he may deem expedient, not bear-
ing interest, payable to bearer on demand, and of
such denominations not less than one dollar, as
he may prescribe, which notes so issued shall be
lawful money and a legal tender, like the similar
notes heretofore authorized in payment of alt
debts,*publicand private,within theunitcd States,
except for duties on imports and interest on the
public debt; and the notes so issued shall be part
of the amount provided for in any bill now pend-
ing for the issue of Treasury notes, or that may
be passed hereafter by this Congress.
Approved, January 17, 1863.
3STo. 10.—A Resolution supplementary to the Act
entitled " An Act to provide for the Imprison-
ment of Persons convicted of Crime by the
Criminal Court of the Djstrict of Columbia,"
approved January sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the act entitled
" An act to provide for the imprisonment of per-
sons convicted of crime by the criminal court of
the District of Columbia, approved the sixteenth
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
be, and are hereby, made applicable to all persons
who had been convicted of crime by the criminal
court of the District of Columbia and sentenced
to confinement m the penitentiary prior to the date
of the act herein named, and subsequent to the
transfer legalized by the fourth section thereof,
and their transfer to the penitentiary at Albany,
in the State of New York, in the piesent month,
by order of the President of the United States, is
likewise hereby legalized and declared valid; and
the said persons so transferred shall continue in
confinement in said prison until the expiration of
their several tetms of imprisonment, or until they
shall be legally discharged or removed.
Approved, January 28, 1863.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Commander John L. Wordcn,
of the United States Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and J louse of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That in pursuance of the recommend-
ation of the President of the United States, and
to enable him to advance Commander John L.
Worden one grade, in pursuance of the ninth sec-
tion of the act of Congress of sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, that the thanks
of Congress be, and they are hereby , tendered to
Commander John jL. Worden for highly distin-
guished conduct in conflict with the enemy m the
remarkable battle between the United States iron-
clad steamer Monitor, under his command, and
the rebel iron-clad frigate Merrimac, in March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, February 3, 1863.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Commodore Charles Henry
Davis and other Officers of the Navy, in pur-
suance of the recommendation of the President
of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembledt That the thanks of Congress be, and
they are hereby, given to the following officers of
the United States Navy, upon the recommenda-
tion of the President of the United States, viz:
Commodore Charles Henry Davis, for distin-
guished services in conflict with the enemy at
Fort Pillow, at Memphis, and for successful op-
erations at other points in the waters of the Mis-
sissippi river;
Captain John A. Dahlgren, for distinguished
service in the line of his profession, improvements
in ordnance, and zealous and efficient labors in the
ordnance branch of the service;
Captain Stephen C. Rowan, for distinguished
services in the waters of North Carolina, and par-
ticularly in the capture of Newbern, being in chief
command of the naval forces;
Commander David D. Porter, for the bravery
and skill displayed in the attack on the Post of
Arkansas, which surrendered to the combined
military and naval forces on the tenth of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three;
Rear Admiral Silas H. Stringham, now on the
letired list, for distinguished services in the cap-
ture of Forts Hatteras and Clark;
And that a copy of this resolution be forwarded
to each of the above officers by the President of
the United States.
Approved, February 7, 1863.
No. 18.—Joint Resolution to compensate the Sail-
ors on the Gunboat Cairo for Loss of Clothing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized,
in settling the accounts of the petty officers, sea-
men, sailors, and others of the crew of theUnited
States gunboat Cano, to allow to each a sum not
exceeding fifty dollars as a remuneration for 'no
damage they may have sustained m the loss of
their clothing by the destruction of said vessel in
December last.
Approved, February 13, 1863.
No. 19.—Joint Resolution to revive an Act to
secure to the Officers and Men actually cm-
ployed m the Western Department, or Depart-
ment of Missouri, their Pay, Bounty, and Pen-
sion, and for other purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States qf •America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of a joint resolu-
tion entitled "A resolution to suspend all pay-
ments under the act approved the twenty-fifth of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled
4 An act to secure to the officers and men actually
employed in the western department, or depart-
ment of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pen-
sion, and for other purposes,'" approved July
twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, be, and
they are hereby, revived, and the commissioners
therein provided for shall be allowed six months
fiom the passage of this resolution within which
to make their report.
Approved, February 16, 1863.
No. 21.—A Resolution expelling George E. Bad-
ger from the Board of Regents of the Smithson-
ian Institution, and appointing Louis Agassiz
in his place.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That George E. Badger, a member of
the board of regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, Who is now giving aid and comfort to the
enemies of the Government, be, and is hereby,
expelled from the said board, and that Louis
Agassiz, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, be, and
he is hereby, appointed a member of the said
board to fill the vacancy occasioned by the expul-
sion of Mr. Badger.
Approved, February 21, 1863.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Ap-
pointment of a Commissioner to Revise and
Codify the Naval Laws of the United States.
Resolved ly the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, by
and with the consent of the Senate, a commis-
sioner, whose duty it shall be to revise and cod-
ify the naval laws of the United States, and report
such revised code to Congress at its next session.
The annual salary of said commissioner shall be
three thousand dollars.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 20.—A Resolution to amend the Joint Reso-
lution for the Payment of the Expenses of the
Joint Committee of Congress, appointed to in-
quire into the Conduct of the War, approved
the twenty-seventh January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlme: icu in Congress
assembled, Thatany portion of the amount appro-
priated by the joint resolution for payment of the
expenses of the joint committee of Congress ap-
pointed to inquire into the conduct of the war,
approved the Uventy-seventh January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, that may have been, or
shall hereafter be, allowed by the said joint com-
mittee to witnesses attending before it, or to per-
sons employed in its service, for per diem, trav-
eling, or other necessary expenses, and paid by
the Secretary of the Senate in pursuance of the
order of that joint committee, shall be accordingly
credited and allowed by the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department.
Approved, February 20, 1863.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution fixing the Pay of the
Commandant of the Navy-Yard at Mare Isl-
and, California.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the pay of the officer of the Navy
assigned to the command of the navy-yard at
Mare Island, California, shall be the sea pay of
his grade.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 26.—A Resolution to facilitate the Payment
of Sick and Wounded Soldiers in the Hospitals
and Convalescent Camps.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Paymaster General be, and
he hereby is, authorized and directed to take im-
mediate measures for the prompt payment of the
sick and wounded soldiers in the convalescent
camps, hospitals, andelsewhere, so that they may
be fully paid within sixty days from and after the
passage hereof.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 27.—Joint Resolution to expedite the Print-
ing of the President's Message and accompa-
nying Documents.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, instead of furnishing manuscript
copies to each House of Congress, the heads of
the several Departments of Government be re-
quired to furnish the Superintendent of the Public
Printing with copies of the documents usually ac-
company tng their annual reports on or before the
first day of November of each year; whose duty
it shall be to print, in addition to the number now
required by law, two thousand copies for the use
of the Senate, and five thousand for the use of the
House, in volumes (bound in the usual manner)
of convenient size, and to deliver the same to the
proper officer of each House, respectively, on or
before the third Monday in December of each
year. It shall also be his duty to print for the use
of each of said heads of Departments one thou-
sand copies of their said reports proper; and for
the use of the Commissioneis of the General Land
Office, of Indian Affairs, and of Pensions, five
hundred copies of each of their reports, respect-
ively. And it shall not be lawful for said Super-
intendent to print any greater number of said re-
ports, nor the reports of heads of any bureau to
their respective superiors, unless directed to do
so by either House of Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That hereafter
the number of any bill or joint resolution ordered
