18B3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Laws of the United States.
31th Cost©....3d Sess.
or required to be printed by either the Senate or
House of Representatives, under any rule of either
House, shall not exceed six hundred, unless spe-
cially directed by the House ordering the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
furnish a condensed statement of the aggregate
amount of the exports to and imports fiom for-
eign countries to the Superintendent the Public
Printing, on or before the first day of November
of each year, who shall print and bind as soon
thereafter as practicable ten thousandcopies there-
of, to be distributed as follows, viz: the usual num-
ber (one thousand five hundred and fifty) for the
two Houses of Congress; three hundred copies
for the Treasury Department; two thousand for
the use of the members of the Senate, and six
thousand one hundred and fifty copies for the use
of the members of the House of Representatives.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further resolved, That six thou-
sand copies of the Commercial Relations annually
prepared under the direction of the Secretary of
State, be printed and distributed as follows, viz:
the usual number (one thousand five hundred and
fifty) for the Houses of Congress; four hundred
and fiftyfor the State Department; two thousand
for the use of the members of the Senate; and
three thousand for the use of the members of the
House of Representatives.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further resolved, Thatall lith-
ographing and engraving, where the probable cost
exceeds two hundred and fifty dollars, shall be
awarded to the lowest and best bidder for the in-
terest of the Government, after due advertisement
by the Superintendent of Public Printing, under
the direction of the Committee on Printing.
Sec. 6. Andbeit farther resolved, That the form
and style in which the printing ordered by either
House of Congress, or by any of the Depart-
ments, shall be executed, and the size of type to
be used, shall be determined by the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, having proper regard to
economy and workmanship.
Se~c. 7. And be it further resolved. That all laws
or parts of laws conflicting with the above pro-
visions he, and they are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 28.—Joint Resolution providing for the Dis-
tribution of certain Public Books and Docu-
ments.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior, and
all other custodians thereof, be, and are hereby,
authorized and directed to cause equal distribu-
tion to be made forthwith, among the members
of the two Houses of the present Congress, of
all books and documents heretofore printed or
purchased at the cost of the Government and not
actually belonging to any public library, or the
library kept for use in any Department of the
Government, excepting, however, all such books
and documents us are embraced in any existing
order for the distribution thereof among the mem-
bers of either House of Congress.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 29.—A Resolution giving the Thanks of Con-
gress to Major General William S. Rosecrans,
and the Officers and Men under his Command,
for their Gallantly and Good Conduct in the
Eattle of Murfreesborough, Tennessee.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and
they are lifiuby. presented to Major General Wil-
liam S Rosecrans, and, through him, to the
officers and m^n under his command, for their dis-
tinguished gallantry and good conduct at the bat-
tle of Murfreesborough, Tennessee, where they
achieved a signal victory for our arms.
Sec. 'J. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the United States be requested to
cause the foregoing resolution to be communi-
cated to Major Geneial Rosecrans, in such terms
as he mdflr deem best calculated to give effect
thereto.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 30.—Joint Resolution in relation to Tele-
graph Companies in the District of Colum-
bia.
[Be it resolved] by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the independent'Line of
Telegraph, a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York, for the purpose
and jjfith the intention of constructing a line of
telegraph from Portland, Maine, to Washington
city, or any other corporation or company or-
ganized according to Jaw to construct a line of
telegraph, be permitted to use any of the high-
ways, roads, streets, or grounds in the District
°f Columbia in the extension and operation of
their line to, in, and through the city of Wash-
ington, and other parts of the District: Provided,
however, Thatthe location and construction of any
such line of telegraph within the said District
shall not be carried into effect without the writ-
ten approval of the Secretary of the Interior and
Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds
first obtained as to the proper route and course of
said line to be followed within the said District of
Columbia: And provided further, That the use of
said highways, streets, roads, and grounds hereby
granted for telegraphic purposes shall not obstruct
the use and convenient occupancy of said high-
ways, streets, roads, and grounds for public or
other purposes, as the same are at present used.
And all acts heretofore passed and now in force
in the District of Columbia for the protection of
telegraph poles, wires, and corporations, shall be i
extended to any such line of telegraph.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 31.—A Resolution to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to obtain the Title to certain Prop-
erty in the City of Denver, Colorado Territory,
for the purposes of the Branch Mint located in
said place.
Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, in order to carry into effect an act
entitled 44 An act to establish a branch mint at
Denver, in the Territory of Colorado,"approved
April twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two. has purchased of Messrs. Clarke, Gruber
and Company, the preem[p]tors and occupants :
thereof, certain city lots m said town of Den- ''
ver, together with all the valuable improvements
thereon; and whereas the said Clarke, Gruber '
and Company have not, and cannot at an early
day, perfect their title to said lots by entry of the
same at the district land office, for the sole reason
that no such office is yet established in said dis-
trict; and wheicas it is highly important for the
interest of the Government to obtain at an early
day the use and possession of said property to
establish and open said mint: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to receive and accept
from said Clarke, Gruber and Company such re-
linquishments and conveyances of their right or
claim to said lots and property, as he, the said
Secretat v, shall deem sufficient for the extinguish-
ment of any claim, right, or title which the said
Clarke, Gruber and Company may or can have
thereto. And said lots and property shall there- j
after be reserved from public sale, preemption, or ;
homestead settlement, and shall remain the prop-
erty of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 32.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to adjust the equitable Claims
of Contractors for Naval Supplies, and regu-
lating Contracts with the Navy Department.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized to adjust and
settle the claims of contractors tor naval supplies,
who, during the last fiscal year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundted and isiXiy-two, have fur-
nished to the Department more than one hundred
per centum above the quantities specified in their
contracts and without default therein; and for the
purpose of hearing said claims mayassooiate with
the chief of the beureau with which the contract
was made the chief of any other bureau, subject
to an appeal to said Secretary from their decision:
Provided,rVha.t no contractor shall be allowed, ex-
cept upon the excess over the stipulated quantity
and one hundred per centum in addition thereto,
and upon such excess not more than sufficient to
make the price thereon equal to the fair market
value of the supplies at the time and place of de-
livery; nor shall any contractor be allowed any
amount under this section unless there has been
an actual loss to the contractor upon the whole
contract: And provided further, That all claimants
under any such contracts shall present their claims
to the Department within six months after the pas-
sage of this joint resolution, or be forever barred
from any equitable claim on account of said con-
tracts.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the chief
of any bureau of the Navy Department, in con-
tracting for naval supplies, shall be at liberty to
reject the offer of any person who, as principal
or surety, has been a defaulter in any previous
contract with the Navy Department; nor shall
parties who have failed as principals or sureties
in any former contract be received as sureties on
other contracts; nor shall the copartners of any
firm be received as sureties for such firm or for
each other; nor, in contracts with the same bu-
reau, shall one contractor be received as surety
for another; and every contract shall require the
delivery of a specified quantity, and no bids hav-
ing nominal or fictitious prices shall be considered.
That if more than one bid be offered by any one
party, by or in the name of his or their cleik,
partner, or other person, all such bids may be
rejected; and no person shall be received as a con-
tractor who is not a manufacturer of, or regular
dealer in, the articles which he offers to supply,
who has not a license as such manufactuier or
dealer. And all persons offering bids shall have
the right to be present when the bids are opened
and inspect the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,"author-
ized to release and discharge the penalties, or the
ptovisions in the natuie of penalties, in certain
eases of unfulfilled contract^ with the Bureau of
Construction and of Provisions and Clothing of
the Navy Department, made by Nathaniel "'W.
Coffin, William Lang, Henry Newton, Baxter
and Sumner, and Tilton, Wheelwright and Com-
pany, for the fiscal year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, made prior to
the proclamation of the President establishing
blockades of the southern ports, or to the several
acts of Congress passed subsequent thereto, im-
posing additional duties upon domestic and for-
eign products, wherein, by reason of said acts
and failure of the Government to pay according
to the prescribed terms, parties have been ob-
structed and prevented from a proper fulfillment
ot the same, to the end that these accounts may
be settled and adjusted on terms of equity and
justice; and in the settlement of such accounts,
theie shall be associated with the chief of the
bureau m which the contract was made the chief
of some other bureau of the Navy Department,
and their decision shall be passed upon, modified,
abridged, rejected, or approved by the Secretary
of the Navy as, in his judgment, the law and jus-
tice shall require. *
Approved, March 3, 18G3.
No. 33.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue American Re-
gisters to certain Vessels named therein.
( Resolved by the Senate and House of Represcnt-
atives cf the United States of America in Congress
■j assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
: and is hereby, authorized to issue American re-
■I gisters to the following named vessels: the Ma-
, non, Selkirk, of Wi'^or, Hastings, Ottawa, and
; California, of the Oswego distnct m the State of
, New York; the Providence, owned byA.J.Itich-
1 aidson, of New Yoik, and the Canadian built
'' steamers City of Toronto, of Detroit, and Blue
■ i Bonnet, of New York.
: Approved, March 3. 1863.
