MO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3-1,
Co^g....3d
Laws of the> United States.
No. 34.—Joint Resolution respecting the Com-
pensation of the Judges, and so forth, under the
Treaty with Great Britain, and other Persons
employed in the Suppression of the Slave
Trade.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United Stales
be, and hereby is, authorized to expend during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, so much of the
appropriation of second March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, as he may deem expedient
and proper, not exceeding in the whole ten thou-
sand dollars, for compensation to United States
marshals, district attorneys, and other persons
employed in enforcing the laws for the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade, for any services
they may render, and for which no allowance
is otherwis[e] provided by law; and also, so
much of said appropriation as may be necessary
to pay the salaries of the judges and arbitrators
appointed by him pursuant to the act of Congress,
approved July eleven, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, entitled il An act to carry into effect the
treaty between the United States and her Britan-
nic Majesty for the suppression of the African
slave trade," and for the expenses of the mixed
courts provided for by said treaty: Provided,
That no payment shall be made to any judge or
arbitrator^ on account of salary, who, after ac-
cepting the office, has declined or may hereafter
decline the same without having actually entered
upon duty; and no judge or arbitrator shall be
regarded as entitled to salary from the date of the
acceptance of the office to which he has been or
may be appointed who shall not have entered
upon the duties thereof jii good faith within three
months from the date of ins acceptance.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 35.—A Resolution authorizing the Collection
in Coin of Postages due on unpaid Mail Matter
from Foreign Countries.
Whereas, the failure to prepay foreign corre-
spondence thro wa upon the Post Office Department
of th« United States large balances which have to
be paid in coin: Theiefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
is heieby, authoiized to take such measures as
may seem to him advisable to collect postageson
letters from abroad, not prepaid, in order to avoid
loss in the payment of such balances.
Approved, March 3, 18G3.
steamer Monitor, which was wrecked near Cape
Hatteras, on or about the thirtieth day of Decern-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to credit
each of them with the amount of sixty dollars, to
cover their losses of bedding, clothing, and other
property, occasioned by the sinking of the said
steamer.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 38—A Resolution in relation to Property
devised to the People of the United States by
Captain Uriah P. Levy, deceased.
Whereas, Uriah P. Levy, late a captain of the
United States Navy, died in the city of New York,
on the twenty-second day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, leaving a last will and testa-
ment, containing the following provision, to wit:
" I give, devise, and bequeath my farm and estate
of Monticello, in Virginia, formerly belonging to
President ThomaS'Jeflferson, together with all the
rest and residue of my estate, real and personal
or mixed, not hereby disposed of, wherever or
however situated, to' the people of the United
States, or such persons as Congress shall appoint
to receive it, and especially all my real estate in
the eity of New York, in trust for the sole and
only purpose of establishing and maintaining at
said farm of Monticello, in Virginia, an agricul-
tural school, for the purpose qfeducating, as prac-
tical farmers, children of the warrant office[rs] of
the United StatesNavy whose fathers aredeau,"
subject to certain conditions therein mentioned:
Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Attorney General be author-
ized and empowered to ascertain the facts in re-
lation to the devise and bequest aforesaid, and
report the same, with his opinion as to the valid-
-ity of the same, and such lecommendations as he
may think proper to make in reference thereto to
the next Congress.
Approved, March 3, 18G3.
PRIVATE ACTS.
No. 3G.—A Resolution to grant the use of a por-
tion of Judiciary or Armory Square, for a Home
for Destitute Newsboys  n Washington.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to grant to Professor
Joseph Henry/Henry Baud, and J. W. Forney,
as trustees, and their successors, the use of a por-
tion of the Judiciary Square, or Armory Square,
in the city of Washington, to erect thereon, free
from chaige to the United States, a suitable budd-
ing for a Home for destitute Newsboys: Pro-
vided, That the same can be done without preju-
dice to the public interests: And provided, That
all expenses shall be borne by said trustees m
erecting, maintaining, and removing said build*
ing,and thatsaid buildingshall be removed when-
ever the Secretai y of the Interior shall require the
same to be done.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. II.—An Act for the Relief of the Owners
of the French Brig Jules et Marie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre
sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
order of the proper functionary of the Govern
ment of his Majesty the Emperor of the French
the sum of nine thousand five hundred dollars, in
coin, as full compensation to the owners of the
French brig Jules et Marie, or their legal repre-
sentatives, for damages received by the said brig
in a collision with the United States war steamer
San Jacinto, on the third day of November last
which collision was occasioned,in the opinion of
a joint naval commission to whom the claim was
referred, by the failure of the San Jacinto season-
ably to reverse her engine.
Approved, December 15, 186*2.
of said last-mentioned bank by George W. Cum-
mins and others, citizens of said State of Dela-
ware, and by them expended for the enrolling,
subsisting, clothing, and equipping company H
of said first regiment of Delaware volunteers, em-
ployed in said service as aforesaid: Provided,That
said Secretary shall pay only so much of the ex-
penditures aforesaid as, upon examination, he
shall be satisfied were properly made.
Approved, January 7, 1863.
Chap. XII.—An Act for the Relief of John B.
Motley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assem&Zed, That the sum of two bund red and ninety-
eight dollars and eighty-seven cents be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
paid to John B. Motley, of Omaha City, in the
Territory of Nebraska, for compensation in full
for his services as acting secretary of said Terri-
tory from March twenty-three, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, to July twelve, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight. - 
Approved, January 23, 1863.
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of William
B. Snowhook and others.
Whereas a judgment has been recovered in the
UnitedStates circuit couit of the northern district
of Illinois against Thomas Hoyne, E. S. Smith,
Isaac Cook, William B. Snowhook, and Richard
J. Hamilton, as sureties of Charles H. Pine, late
United Slates marshal for said district, in which
judgment is included a sum of two thousand five
hundred dollars, money advanced to said Pine by
the Government on the ninth day of November,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-nine,
after lie had become known to the ojficers of the
United States to be a defaulter in office, and after
two of the said sureties had expiessly notified the
late Secretary of the Interior of such official de-
linquency, and protested against any further lia-
bility being incurred by them; all of which facts
appear of record in the archives of the Department
of the Interior: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Solicitor of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to remit
to the said sureties, as a credit upon the amount
of said judgment in satisfaction pro tanto the said
sum of twenty-five hundred dollars, upon the pay-
ment of the balance of said judgment by the said
securities: Provided,however, That nothing herein
contained shall in anywise have the effect to re-
lease the principal in said bond from his liability
thereon.
Approved, January 30, 18G3.
No. 37.—Joint Resolution to compensate the
Crew of the Uniied States Steamer Monitor for j
Clothing and other Property lost in the Public ;
Service. |
llesolecd by the Senate and House of Represent- I
atives of Ike United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officeis of
the treasury be,mid liiey are heieby,authorized,
m settling the accounts of the petty officers, sea-
men, and others of the crew of the United States i
Ciiap. VIII.—An Act to indemnify certain Citi-
zens of the United States, residing in the State
of Delaware, for Expenses incurred by them in
Defense of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembleds'Vl\at the Secietary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay to the Fanners'Bank of the State
of Delaware, at Dover, or the duly authorized
agent thereof, any amount notexceedingthc sum
of thirteen hundred and seventy-eightdoliars, bor-
rowed of said bank by Alden B. Richardson and
others, citizens of the State of Delaware, and by
them expended for the en rolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, and equipping of company D of the first re-
giment of Delaware volunteers employed m aid-
mgto suppress the presentinsurrcetion against the
United States; and also to the Bank of Smyrna,
at Smyrna, Delaware, or the duly authorized agent
thereof, an amount not exceeding the sum of thir-
teen hundred and seventy-eight dollars, borrowed
Chap. XVI.—An Act for the Relief of the Legal
Representatives of Seneca G. Simmons.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department, in settling the accounts
of the late Seneca G. Simmons, as assistant com-
missary of subsistence, be, and hereby are, au-
thorized and instructed to allow his legal repre-
sentatives credit for the sum of money belonging
to the United States stolen from his possession at
Metamoras, Mexico, on the night of the eleventh
of April, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, to
wit: fifteen hundred dollars.
Approved, January 31, 1863.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act to provide for the pay-
ment of Expenses incurred by the Marshal of
Boston for Repairs to the United States Court-
House.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled,'That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to pay to Watson Freeman, late United
States marshal for the district of Massachusetts,
the sum of two hundred and eighty-#oe dollars
and foity-two cents, out of any money in the
Trcasuiy not otherwise appropriated, in full sat-
