APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
3 7TH- Cose.... 3D SESS.
Laws of the United States.
fwe hundred dollars each, oh winch forfeiture and
subsequent proceedings thereon separate judg-
ments have been rendered against said Emanuel
and Simon, and executions therefor nre now in
the hands of the marshal of said district; the said
Hemmen Franko having been heretofore pardoned
by the President from the'charge on which said
recognizance was taken..
-Approved, February 20, 3863.
Chap. LVIl.—An Act for the Relief of Colonel
Joseph Paddock.
2hit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives off he United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the sum of five hundred dollais be
paid to Colonel Joseph Paddock, late commandant
of the fifth legiment of Indiana militia, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for set vices in the Indian war of eighteen
hundred and ten and eleven, and ihe war of eigh-
teen hundred nnd twelve wish Great Britain.
Approved, February 24, 1863.
Chap. LX!I.— An Act for the Relief of Lieuten-
ant Herman Tuerck.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
asstmbled, That (he name of Herman Tuerek,
lately serving in the military service of the United
Stales as second lieutenant in company E of the
twelfth regiment of Missouii volunteers, be placed
on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month, commencing on the
eighth day March, A. D. eighteen hundred and
sixty-two,and to continue during his natuial lift*:
Provided % That the pension herein granted shut I
be in lieu of all other pensions to which the said
Lieutenant Tuerck may be entitled under existing
laws: And provided fuitkert That if the said Lieu-
tenant Tuetvk shall have heretofore received any
money from the Government as a pension, under
existing laws, the same shall be deducted from the
mom ys to be received by him under this act.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap, LXIII,—An Act for the Relief of Hanni-
bal Graham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembted, That the Secret.uy of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, directed to pay to Hannibal
Graham, out of any money it) the Treasury no
otherwise appropriated, the sum of twelve hun-
dr« d and fony-eigbt dollars, in full for extra ser-
vices about the Capital between the years eighteen
hundied and forty-tlnee and eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap. LX1V.—An Act for the relief of Emma
L. Fuller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to place
the name of Emma L. Fuller, widow of Arthur
B. Fuller, late chaplain of the sixteenth regiment
of Massachusetts volunteer??, upon the pension
roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per month from
the eleventh day of Decembei, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, to continue during her widow-
hood.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Ciiap. LXV.~—An Aft for the Relief o£ Thomas
Young and George Young, Owneis of the
Schooner Elizabeth Mary.
Be it enacted by the Se7iate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Thomas Young
and George Young, owners of the schooner Eliz-
abeth Wary, of Pimce Edward's island, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of four hundred dollars, the same
being the amount of a fine imposed by the New
York custom house for a technical infraction of
the revenue laws of the United States by the said
schooner Elizabeth Mary.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Chap. LXVL—An Act for the Relief of Eliza-
beth M. Baxter, Widow of the late Robert Bax-
ter, Second Lieutenant in the Tenth Regiment
of Minnesota Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembted, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Elizabeth M. Baxter, of the city of
Sr. Paul, Ramsey county, State of Minnesota,
widow of Second Lieutenant Robert Baxter, of
the tenth regiment of Minnesota volunteers, on
the pension roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars a
month from the second day of September, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-two, for and
during her widowhood.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
Ciiap. CXXI.—An Act for the Relief of 0. B. and
Oliver S. Latham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of theTreasury be,
and he hereby is, authorized and required to pay
to Obediah B. Latham and Oliver S. Latham, out
of moneys heietofore appropriated and remain-
ing unexpended, for the erection and enlargement
of the custom-houses at Buffalo and Oswego, in
the State of New York, the sum of seventy-foui
thousand five hundred and eighty-three dollars
and thirty-seven Cents, in full of their claim for
moneys due them for theerection and enlargement
of said buildings, and all claims of whatever nature
by them for work and materials bestowed on said
buildings and all matters connected therewith:
Provided, That if there is not a sufficient amount
remaining unexpended as aforesaid to pay the
whole of the said sum, that then the said Secre-
tary is hereby authorized and required to pay the
balance of said sum out of any moneys jn the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXXU.—An Act fur the Relief of Benja-
min T. Watson,
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembted, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of four hundred and seventy-five dollars, for
filling and grading Virginia a venue, between Ninth
and Tenth streets, in square three hundred and
eighty-five, under the approval of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Groutids, in the
year eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ciiap. CXXU I.—An Act for the Relief of Susan
Dickson, Widow of John Dickson, deceased.
Whereas by act of Congress passed February
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, the
sum of twenty-five thousand dollars was appro-
piiated for the benefit of the captois, m the war
of eighteen hundred nnd twelve,cf the British brig
: Caledonia; and whereas it appears that John
1 Dickson, hue of Erie, in the Sfate of Pennsylva-
nia, deceased, was one of said captors, and that
his name was, by mistake, enter* d on the hst of
said captors, now in the Naval Department, as
William Dickson, and that said John Dickson
left a widow, Susan Dickson, who still survives:
Therefo re—
Be it enacted foj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper disbursing officer of
the United States be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized and directed to pay to said Susan Dickson,
widow of John Dickson, deceased, the portion or
share of said twenty-five thousand dollars which
was due to the said John Dickson, deceased,and
now stands credited to the name of William Dick-
son on the records of the Naval Department.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
CiiAr. CXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Administrator of Captain Richard Stevenson,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assernbledt That there be allowed a credit to the
administrator of the estate of Captain Richard
Stevenson, deceased, late an assistant quaiter-
master of volunteers in the Army of the United
States, the sum of three thousand dollars, being
the amount of money belonging to the Govern-
ment of the United States in his custody as such
officer, seized and"appropriated in Kentucky by
guerrillas while in the course of transmission by
express on railroad trains from Indianapolis, In-
diana, to Nashville, Tennessee, where said Ste-
venson was on duty.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Frances H. Plummer, Widow of the late Brig-
adier General Joseph B. Plummer, of the Uni-
ted States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cf the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Frances H. Plum-
mer, widow of the late Biigadier General Joseph
Plummer, of the United States Army, on the
pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars a month,
from the ninth day of August, in the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two,
for and during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXXVl—An Act to grant a Pension of
eight dollars per month, during her Widow-
hood, to Elizabeth Housener.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprt-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Elizabeth Housener, of New
Philadelphia, Ohio, widow of Christian House-
ner, late a volu- teer private in company B fifty-
first regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, shall be
entitled to a pension of eight dollars per month,
to commence from the first day of November, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, and to be continued
and paid to her during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of Car-
oline T. Renshaw.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to place
the name of Caroline T. Renshaw, sister of the
late Commander Willhm B. Renshaw, of the
United States Navy, upon the pension roll, at the
rate of thirty dollars per month from the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to
continue during her life.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
Ckap.CXXVUI.—An Actfor the Relief of Mar-
garet L. Stevens, Widow of Brigadier General
Isaac 1. Stevens.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to place
the nnme of Margaret L. Stevens, widow of Brig-
adier General Isaac I. Stevens, on the pension
roll, at the rate of fifty dollars a mouth from the
first day of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, I8G3.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Thomas B. King.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent'
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Thomas B. King be, and
the same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, January 16, 1863.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Arthur Edwards and others.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
