894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. HOLM AN. I raise the point of order that
the amendment is not germane to any proposition
before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The question was taken*, and the amendment
as amended was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOECONItLING. I move to amend
by adding to the section as it now stands the fol- j
lowing: ' !
Provit'd, Thai no midshipman shall hp dismissed evcopt |
forml-conduef Irom the Naval School until the expiration of .
the u«uat tent), anything to the contiary in tins ac t notwith-
standing.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I raise the point oforder
thut that is legislation, and is therefore not in order
to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was again road.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 appeal from that de-
cision.
The CHAIRMAN. Too late.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I 'move to amend the
amendment by inserting the words" who lias been
legally appointed on the nomination of his mem-
ber of Goneness."
Mr. MAYNARD. Who is to test whether he
is legally appointed or not?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will answerthat ques-
tion as soon as the amendment is reported.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG demanded tellers
on the amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BiDDLEand
Lovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 42, noes 50.
So thy amendment to the amendment was re-
jected .
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
i ise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. McIC&ight reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had undei consideration the naval appropriation
hill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
- Thursday, February 12* 1863.
Prayer hy (he Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move to dispense with the read-
lag of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection be
made by any Senator, the reading will be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the Secretary will continue the reading.
The Journal was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of State, transmitting,
in obediencc to law, a report on the commercial
relations of the United States with foreign nations
for the year ending September 30, 186*2.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that that commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and printed, and that the-same number of
extra copies as were printed last year he printed
this year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Commerce and printed. The
motion to printextra numbers will go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message ftom the President of the Uni-
ted States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 10th instant, communicating information on
the subjects of mediation and arbitration, or other
measures looking to the termination of the exist-
ing civil war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
pi in ted.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a copy of the laws and legislative journals
of the Territory of Colorado for the year 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. William Sprague, elected a
Senator by the Legislature of the State of Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations for the term of
six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1863; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on the files of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILMOT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of a repeal
of the duty on imported paper; which were or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. GRIMES presented two petitions of sick
and wounded soldiers, praying for the establish-
mentofa permanentcamp-hospital and ambulance
corps, for the proper care of sick and wounded
soldiers; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of sick
and wounded soldieis, praying for the cstabhsh-
mentofa permanentcamp-hospitalandambulance
coips, for the proper care of sick and wounded
soldiers; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of Hor-
ace H. Day, for the construction of a ship canal
around the falls of Niagara; which was referred
to the Committee on "Military Affairs and the
Miiiua.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of C.
J. Baldwin, praying for the prohibition of the cir-
culation of disloyal newspapers within the lines
of the armies of the United States, and an appro-
priation for furnishing daily newspapers to all the
troops in the service; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HICKS. I present the petition of Egbert
T. Smith and others, inhabitants of New York,
praying for a change of the Constitution, i ask
that it may be read, as it is very short.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
We the undersigned, inhabitant® of the county of Suffolk,
State of New Yoik, do petition the honoiable the Senate
for the amendment of tlie pi Gamble of the Constitution so
that it will recognize our dependence upon the Gieat Kuier
of the universe, who has prospered us so long, and whose
name is not mentioned in that great instrument, and may
read as follows:
u We, the people of the United States, grateful to Al-
nuchty God for oui independence, in order to foim a more
i periect union, establish ju-tice,in&ure domestic tianqutlhty,
piovide for the common defence, promote the general wel-
laie, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity under the guidance of the Most iligh, do or-
dain and establish this Constitution for the United Stateo
of America."
We aS"o petition that every State paper, and every paper
emanating fiom the Government, shall commence with the
sentence, "And God prosper and hless the Republic." And,
as in dutv bound, &c.
EGBERT T. SMITH.
A. M. SMITH.
WILLIAM SEAMAN,
M. T. SMITH,
W. E. T. SMITH.
Mr. HICKS. I ask that the petition lie on the
table.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
359) remodeling the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia. repoited it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 520) to change the name of
the brig Concoid to that of ihe Rising Sun, and
to authorize the issuing of an American register
to the British colonial built steam vessel City of
Toronto, and to change her name to thatof Frank-
fort; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. Id B. Lang, of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, pmying that the name of his
steamer Daniel Webster may be changed to that
ofExpounder, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was ieferr<d the memorial of
George W. Kendall, of New York, and Ous Kim-
ball and Augustus Arnold, of Bath, Maine, piay *
mg for the issue of an American register u> the
steamship ICarnak, asked to be discharged from
li its further consideration; winch was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was leferred the bill (H. R. No. 737) to issue an
American register to the steamship Karnak, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom wos referred the
petition of Chailes F. Anderson, reported o^tll
(S. No. 518) for the ruliufof'Cliiu les P. Anderson;
which was read and passed, to a second reading.
EMPLOYMENT OF NEGROES IN MEXICO.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, any information he may have concerning i he employ-
ment hy the French Emperor of African negroes in the war
which he i* now cairying on against Mexico.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etjierjdge, its Clerk, announced that the
tiouse of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (No. 578) to regulate the places of public
amusement in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes;
A bill (No. 712) to incorporate St. Ann's Infant
Asylum, in the District of Columbia;
A bill (No. 739) to provide for additional clerks
and messengers for the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories of Dakota and Colorado;
A joint resolution (No. 149) for the relief of
Kate R. Gaither, and otheis; and
A joint resolution (No. 150) granting authority
to the independent line of telegraph to locate and
construct their telegraph.
The message also announced thut the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 438) for the relief of the owners of
the Norwegian bark Admiral P. Toideuskiold;
A bill (No. 482) to establish the office of regis*
ter of deeds for the District of Columbia; and
! A bill (No. 505) to incorporate the national as-
sociation for the relief of destitute colored women
and children.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled joint resolution: which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice President:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 144) to compen-
sate the sailors of the gunboat Cairo for loss of
clothing.
NEW YORK COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on Com-
merce,to whom was referred a resolution instruct-
ing them toinquiie into the expediency of appoint-
ing an assistant collector for the collection disti let
of New York, to leside at Jeisey City, have had
the same underconsideration,and have instructed
me to repoit by bill. They also instiuct me to
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate for its
present consideiation.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 519)
to annex a part of the State of New Jersey to ihe
collection district of New York, and to appoint
an assistant collector to reside at jVisey Cay, was
read twice by its title, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It ptoposrs to annex all
that pait of the State of New Jersey which lies
north and east of Elizabeth town and Stat en Island,
comprising the counties of Hudson and Beigen,
to the collection district of New York. An assist-
ant collector is to be appointed by the President
I of the United States, who is to leside in Jersey
City, who is to have powei to clear and enter ves-
sels in like manner as the collector of New York
is authorized bylaw to do; and the assistant col-
lector is to act tn confoimsiyto such instructions
and regulations as he shall from time to time re-
ceive f i om the colli ctoi of New Yoi k. Ho is to
( receive for his annual salary $2,000 in full for all
[ services to bo by him perfomud, and in lieu of
I commissions and fees.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
j annndment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
Mr. FOOT. I have sought an opportunity for
several mornings to call up Senate bill No. 4C6 for
