1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895'
consideration. It is a bill of some local interest
to the city and District; and I will say in advance
that if objection shall be made to the bill 1 will
riot press its consideration and debate during the
morning hour. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
46G) granting certain privileges to the Guardian
Society of the District of Columbia was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, ft grants the use, in perpetuity, of ten
ncies of land lying on the noith side of 13 street
south, and extending from Twelfth to Fourteenth
streets west, to the Guaidian Society in the Dis-
*i ict of Columbia, for the purposes of a " House of
Industry and a Widows' and Orphans* Home;''5
the society to erect suitable buildings and prop-
et ly ornament the grounds in the usual manner of
fiimilarinstitutions. It also grants materials in the
temporary military erections in this city, being no
longer in use, to ihe society for such temporary
erections on the grounds as will be needful while
permanent buildings and fences are being erected.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move a slight amendment in the
second section,by inserting m the third line, after
the word u society," the words " under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be no objection. The Chair
h^nrs none.
Mr. FOOT. I have only to say that this is a
benevolent association which has been operating
for several years past under a voluntary associa-
tion, until the last year, when it, received an act
of incorporation by Congress. They ask for the
use of a piece of ground from the lot, thhty-one
acres and more, lying west of the grounds now
occupied by the Smithsonian Institution,an open,
vacant, unoccupied lot, upon which they are to
i-r xct suitable buildings, inclose the grounds, and
ornament them. The object of the society is ex-
pressed in the act of incorporation winch passed
last year. It is " for the purpose of encouraging
and aiding, impartially, such of the poor, the ig-
norant, and the vicious as can be indued to make
such eiForts as they ought for the improvement of
their condition, "&c. The second section of the act
of incorporation provides that " they may, at their
discretion, receive into the House of Industry pro-
vided by said society any minors under the age
of eighteen years wfio shall be convicted of any
crime, ofFenso. or misdemeanor, other than such
as are capital or punishable by imprisonment for
life," or vicious persons whose parents or guard-
ians are unwilling or unable to exercise proper
i'ure and discipline over them, or who maybe des-
titute of suitable homes, or without adequate means
of living,and m danger of leading an immoral life.
We passed a bill of somewhat simitar import the
other day for the benefit and relief of indigent col-
ored persons I hope there will be no objection
to this bill. I;
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; |j
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill !}
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, ;l
was lead the third time, and passed. jj
HOUSE BILLS UEFERKKI). jl
The following hills and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, raid refened j;
as indicated below: i;
A bili (Xo.578) to regulate the (daces of public ij
amusement in the District of Columbia, and for j1
other purposes—to the Committeeon theLLstnet 'j
of Columbia.
A bill (No. 732) to incot porate St. Ann Infant '!
Asylum, m the Distuet ofColumbk.—totneCoui- ,
mitten on tl,- District of Columbia.
V bill (No. 739) to nrovide foradditioii.il clerks
•mikI mesf-'eng* is ibi the Legislative Assemblies of 'i
r'i«  Ternhn ii>s of Dakota and Colorado—to the ■■
Committee on Territories.
A joint lesoiation ^No. 149) for the relief of ■
Kate'II. Gai;!u-;, and others—to the Committee
on the Distnct of Columbia. ij
A joinr leso'ut ion (No. lo«l) granting authority !,
to the U!<<<'peiid< lit line of telegtaph to locate and ^
construct tln"r teleomph—to the Committee on |i
the District of Columbia. M
ORDISK OF BUSINESS. |]
Mr. LATHAM. I move to postpone the prior ||
orders, and take up Senate bill No. 495, to facil- jj
itate the transportation of the troopss stores, and ii
maiis of the United States between the city of
Washington and the Point of Rocks and the city
of Pittsburg, and between Washington and the
waters of the Chesapeake.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will not post-
pone the prior orders. I desire thatthe bill which
was the unfinished business of yesterday morn-
ing, in the morning hour, to provide for fixing the
number of generals, shall be taken up. I trust it
will not take much of the time of the Senate,and
it ought to be acted on. It should be decided The
organization of the military force is awaiting its
action, and it should certainly be decided by the
Senate. I shall feel called upon to ask the Senate
to take a division on this question. We are nil
aware of the condition of the question in regard
to the appointment of generals. The bill was
permitted to pass over yesterday morning in the
morning hour. I hope the Senator from Califor-
nia will consent to take up that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the hill referred to by
the Senator from California will be taken up.
Mr. KING. I have no objection, after this
other question is disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is time to dis-
pose of both bills this morning in the morning
hour.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 trust the bill of the Sen-
ator from California will not be taken up this
morning.
Mr. LATHAM. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. KING. Then I call for the unfinished
business of yesterday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from com-
mittees are in oidcr.
Mr. KING. Then I move to postpone nil prior
ordcj s foi the purpose of taking up the unfinished
business of yesterdav mojmng
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' That motion is in
order.
Mr. POWELL. I had hoped this morning that
I should be allowed to call up a lesoiuUon I of-
fered on the subject of priming extra copies of the
letter of the Secietary of War and the Judge Advo-
cate; but if the Senator from New Yoi k and others
wish to pass this bill to-day, I will not trouble the
Senate with it now , but I hope the Senate will take
up the resolution tn-morrow morning.
Mr. KLNG. Tin re is urgent necessity for
action on this bill.
Mr. POWELL. 1 only say that I hope the Sen-
ate will take up this icsolution to-morrow morn-
ing, and hear me five minutes on it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire to say that I am in
favor of proceeding with the bill of the Senator
from New York; but I wish m advance to bespeak
the attention of the Senate for n little bill repoi ted
fiom the Judiciary Committee, which it is im-
portant should bo acted on very piomptly, and
which 1 should like to call up us soon as the Sen-
ate has finished this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
MAJOH AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
The Senate icsumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. «>I5) to authorize an increase in the
number of major generals and brigadier generals
in the volunteer service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pendmgques-
tion is upon the passage of the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I in-beve that the vote
ordeung the bill to a third reading was iccon-
Fideied, and an amendment wus proposed, to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
was agreed to.
Mi. FESSENDEN. What is the amendment'
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secrl,t\iiy. In line eight, strike out the
words " of volunteers," and insert 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is anotheramend-
ment.
Mr. KING. There was one proposed as to the
numbei.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move, if it has not boon
already moved, to stuke outv< thirty" and inseit
twenty" as tiic number of major generals, and
to strike out " seventy" and insert fifty" brig-
adier generals.
Mr. KING. Senators are aware that a law
was passed at the last session fixing the number
of major and brigadier generals in the volunteer
force, of major generals at forty, and of brigadier
generals attwo hundred. There was no provision
in the law directing to what particular force,
whether thatthen in the field or subsequently fo be
raised, any of those generals should be assigned.
But a much larger number had then been nomin-
ated to the Senate. Upon this occasion the num-
ber was reduced and limited, and it was supposed
that the numbers then named would be ample for
all purposes. Subsequently a call from the Exec-
utive was made for six hundred thousand more
men—three hundred thousand volunteers and
three hundred thousand drafted; and with the ex-
pectation and understanding upon the part of the
Executive that theadditional force was to be organ-
ized as the forces theretofore called out had been
organized, for which a brigadier general was au-
thorized for each brigade, the brigades to consist
of not less than four regiments each; and upon that
assumption and construction of law, as we are
all aware, a large number of major generals and
of brigadier generals have been nominated to the
Senate at the presentsession, a much larger num-
ber, about twice the number authorized" by this
bill as reported. A good deal of conversational
consultation has been had upon the subject, both
among Senators and with the War Department.
There was some difference of opinion in the com-
mittee, with regard to the number—some were
for less and some were for more than is named
in this bill. In consideration of the fact that
so many had been nominated, and that derange-
ment of commands already organized would re-
sult from a refusal to authorize some additional
appointments, 1 gave my consent to this bill.
Moic wore asked for and said to be needed. I
would have assented to a larger number than is
hero fixed; but on canvassing the question thor-
oughly, the committee agreed upon the numbers
as they are proposed by the bill, seventy briga-
diers and thirty major generals.
In my judgment there are none too many, when
we take into consideiation the number of troops
and the number of legimentH. Many of the regi-
ments now in the field are small, thinned by battle
and sickness, but they are distinct and independ-
ent regiments. It must be recollected by the
Senate that in addition to the present force, a bill
is befoie the Senate authorizing a draft of forces
by the Governmentof the United States—a more
rigid law for drafting than has yet existed.
The la\V should provide for calling any number
of troops into the field thai may be lequtred to
put down the rebellion. In my judgment, it is
wise for the Government to have an ample force
m the field, and it should be actively diiected
against the enemy till the enemy is conquered.
This is the only safe termination of the difficulties
of our country. The way to obtain a permanent
peace is to conquer it by the sword. I do not
look to or contemplate any other means of reach-
ing peace and safety for the country. 1 do not
believe thereisany other mode by which they can
be reached. It is through the military power we
are to accomplish safety and peace. The number
of general officeis wanted i^ much better under-
stood by military men than by civilians, though
the Senate should exercise its judgment upon
such a statement of facts as can be made. The
Executive, by its nominations, has asked for a
much larger number. 1 hope that the Senate will
not reduce the number named in the bill, but will
pass the bill as it has been repoi ted after very full
consideration by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I made this motion, I
suppose I am bound to say a word in relation to
it. If I could be satisfied, if I could have the as-
surance ofthe Committee on Militai y Affairs that,
j after full and careful deliberation, they are satis-
j fiod as a committee that the number they have te~
{ ported is necessary, 1 would wit lid taw the motion;
i but the fact is not so. I am assured substantially
I that thev do not know anything about it, that this
is lather? piece of guess-work than anything else,
and therefoie 1 do not, in this particular instance,
attach that importance to the report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that I ordinarily do,
and that I should give to then report made after
full and ample consideration, and a decision to that
efFcct. it is a report, but not a decision. Then
I am at liberty to look at it free fiom that consid-
eration, and relieved of the respect winch 1 might
fed bound otherwise to pay to (he decision of the
committee as such.
Now, sir, what is the fact ? We know that the
number of regiments which may be put into a brig-
