1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
37th Cons....3b
of Cl.iims m the case of Arthur Edwards and
others he, and the same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, January 16, 1863.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
George Yates.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of the heirs of George Yates
be, and the same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, January 16, 1863.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of i
Joshua Eddy's Heirs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Joshua Eddy's heirs be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, January 16, 1863.
No. 8.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
J. W. Knaggs, Administrator of Whitmore
Knaggs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slahs of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of James W. Knaggs, ad-
ministrator of Whitmore Knaggs, be, and the same
ie hereby, confirmed.
Approved, January 16, 1863.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Moses Yale.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Moses Yale be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, February 3, 1863.
No. 14.—A Resolution to confirm the adverse
Dt cision of the Court of Claims in the Case
of R A. Clements, Administrator of James N.
Muilican.
Resolved by the Senate ami House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of R. A. Clements, admin-
istrator of James N. Muilican, be, and the same is
hereby, confirmed.
Approved, February 10, 1863.
No. 17.—A Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Alexander D. Anderson, Administrator of John
Anderson.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Alexander D. Anderson,
administrator of John Anderson, be, and the same
is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, February 10, 1863.
No. 22.—A Resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Perry E. Brocchus
his Salary as'Judge of the Supreme Court of the
United States for the Territory of New Mexico.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of .America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to Perry E.
Brocchus the sum of six hundred and sixty-four
dollars, ($664,) the same being for salary due the
said Brocchus as UnitedStates judge for theTer-
ntory of New Mexico from the twenty-fourth
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
to the thirty-firstday of April of the same year, out
of an appropriation already made, in partfor that
purpose, and still existing, for the payment of judi-
cial salaries for the Territory of New Mexico.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
No, 15.—-A Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
David D. Mitchell.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of David D. Mitchell be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, February 10, 1863.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Navy
Department to allow to Paymaster Gilbert E.
Thornton four thousand five hundred dollars,
in settlement of his Accounts, for money stolen
from him without fault or negiigenceon his part.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, authorized to allow to Pay-
master Gilbert E. Thornton, in the settlement of
his accounts with said Department, the sum of
four thousand five hundred dollars, that being the
amount stolen from the safe of said paymaster,
on board the storeship Brandywine during his
absence upon official business, and without his
neglect or fault.
Approved, February 25, 1863.
No. 16.—A Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Thomas Hicks, Executor of Isaac Hicks.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Thomas Hicks, execu-
tor of Isaac Hicks, be, and the same is hereby,
confirmed.
Approved, February 10, 1863.
No. 39.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Kate
R. Gaither and others.
Whereas the commissioners under the act of
Congress entitled " An act for the release of cer-
tain persons held to service or labor in the Dis-
trict of Columbia," in a special report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, recommended to the equity
of Congress certain cases arising under said law
in which the claimants could not obtain compen-
sation by reason of the filing of their petitions af-
ter the day limited in said act; and whereas said
commissioners, considering the equity of said
cases, arid that the delay in filing said petitions
was not voluntary on (he part of the claimants,
examined into the merits of said claims, and re-
ported the claimants to be otherwise in every re-
spect entitled to the benefits of said act, and in a
table marked C, in their report, reported the sev-
eral amounts to which said claimants would have
been entitled, and the appropriation already made
for the purpose is amply sufficient to pay said
claims: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay, out of the
appropriation heretofore made, to the following
named persons, the sums affixed to their respect- 1
ive names, being the same persons and sums des-
ignated in their said report in the said table marked
C, viz:
First. To Kate R. Gaither, the sum of four
hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
Second. To John C. Brashears, four hundred
and thirty-eight dollars.
Third. To Sarah Webster, three hundred and
six dollars and sixty cents.
Fourth. To Hugh McCormick, eight hundred
and ninety-seven dollars and ninety cents.
Fifth. To Lloyd Brooke, four hundred and
eighty-one dollars and eighty cents.
Sixth. To Ann H. Cunningham, two hundred
and forty dollars and ninety cents.
Seventh. To Teresa Ann Safifell, thirteen hun-
dred and fourteen dollars.
Eighth. ToThomas J. Perry and Mary A., his
wife, five hundred and sixty-nine dollars and forty
cents.
Ninth. To John A. Dorsey, eleven hundred and
thirty-eight dollars and eighty cents.
Tenth. To Mary Stevenson, thirteen hundred
and fourteen dollars.
Eleventh. To George White, (colored,) six
hundred and thirteen dollars and twenty cents.
Twelfih. To Moses Kelley, administrator of
W. W. Russell, United States Army, four hun-
dred and fifty-nine dollars.
Making in all the sum of seven thousand two
hundred and twelve dollars and fifty cents.
And that the said several claimants and cases
be included, and the said several sums be paid in
the same manner as if said cases and awards had
been regularly reported by said commissioners.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 40.—Joint Resolution relative to the Claim
of W. Maxwell Wood.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
ativts of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Sccietary of the Navy'be au-
thorized to allow to Surgeon William Maxwell
Wood the mileage that would be legally due to him
on his return from the East Indies under orders
given him by Commodore Armstrong, January
twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight.
Approved, March 3,1863.
No. 41.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Courtof Claims in the Case of
[the] Brig General Armstrong.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of [the] Brigadier General
Armstrong be, and the same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, March 3, 1863. ^
No. 42.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case
of R. R. Ward and others, assignees of Jacob
Barker.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative" of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of R. R. Ward and others,
assignees of Jacob Barker, be, and the same is
hereby, confirmed.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
No. 43.—Joint Resolution authorizing the ad-
justment of the Account of Z- B. Caver!y,late
Secretary of Legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and required to adjust the account of Z. B. Cav-
eily, late secretary of legation at Peru, for loss
by exchange, upon the same principle and evi-
dence as governed the adjustment of a like ac-
count of John Randolph Clay, late minister to
Peru, under the joint resolution of Congress ap-
proved February twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Approved, March 3, 1863.
