THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Scven'tii Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1863.
New Series No. 57.
ted States stocks, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof. The question is on
the passage of that bill. Is the Senate ready for
that question ?
Mr. POWELL. The yeas and nays were
ordered upon that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays were not ordered; but they are now de-
manded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Claik,Doo-
Httlc,FessemJen, Foster, Hardin", Ilailau, Harris, liow.ud,
Ilowe, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Ne«mith, Pomeioy, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and
Wilson ot Massachusetts-"^.
NAYS—Messrs Carlile, CoHnmor. Cowan, I)avi< , Dixon,
Toot, Giimes. Henderson, [lick?, Kennedy, Km?, Catham,
McDougall, Powell, Rice, ltichaidvon, SauMmty, Tium-
bull, Turpie, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—'21.'
So the biil was passed.
EMANCIPATION IN MrSSOUKr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the bill suspended
by the special order, which is the bill limiting the
number of major and brigadier generals; and the
question is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Maine, which is to reduce the number
of brigadier generals from seventy to fifty, and
of major generals from thirty to twenty.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the further con-
sideration of that bill be postponed, ami that the
Senate resume the constdeiution of the bill to
abolish slavery in Missouri.
Mr. KING. Let us take a vote on this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. If the vote can be taken with-
out further discussion, 1 will not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to postpone the pending
bill limiting the number of major and brigadier
generals, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. G34) giving aid
to the State of Missouri for the purpose of securing
the abolishment of slavery in said State.
Mr. HARRIS. I will withdraw that motion
if the vote can be taken at once on the other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from New York is withdrawn. The
question then is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fcssendex] to the bill
(S. No. 515) to authorize an increase in the num-
ber of major generals and brigadier generals in the
volunteer service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to saya few words
about that bill before the vote is taken—not to
make a speech, but to make a suggestion or two
about it. I think we had belter go on with the
Missouri bill and finish it, and then we can take
up this other matter.
Mr. HARRIS. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
634) giving aid to the State of Missouri for the
purpose of securing the abolishment of slavery in
said State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this bill
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, when the
consideration of thus question was, on Saturday
night last, postponed to a future day, it was my
intention to enter into a somewhat elaborate dis-
cussion of the principles involved in it; but cir-
cumstances of a private character occurring since
have prevented the possibility of my giving the
subject scarcely a passing thought. 1, theiefore,
shall forego the purpose which I had formed of
discussing somewhat fully the merits of the bill,
and content myself with a brief presentation of
some of the most prominent reasons which will
prevent me from giving the measure my sup-
port.
When the subject of compensated emancipation
was first introduced into Congress at the last ses-
sion by a special message of the President of the
United States, accompanied by a resolution, the
adoption of which he asked by Congress, I took
occasion briefly to present my objections to the
57
proposed measure, which were founded both on
the want of its constitutionality, and also on the
ground of its inexpediency as a measure of na-
tional policy. Subsequent reflection on the sub-
ject has not changed my views, but has strength-
ened them, and I regard the attempt now to carry
into execution what was considered a pledge on
that occasion of affording aid to any slave State
which might inaugurate a gradual emancipation,
if it passes, as one of the most disastrous meas-
ures which will have received the sanction of Con-
gress.
U seemed to me, sir, during the last session,
when the icsolution attempting to pledge the faith
of the Government to tins measure was introduced
into Congress, that it was an attempt on the part
of tlie dominant party to inaugurate a system of
abolition in the border States. 1 thought so then;
I think so now. The subject of domestic slavery
is one of so delicate a character, one m reference
to which the people of this country are so very
sensitive, that it seemed to me a wise policy would
dictate, that until our nut io nal troubles were healed,
until peace was again restored in the country, until
the integrity of the Union was achieved, until we
had become once more a united people, all these
measures which had been measures of party war-
faie heretofore should have been left in stillness
and silence. But, air, it seems to have been the
design of the Administration to take advantage of
the present distracted state of the eountiy to in-
graft upon its policy this subject of abolition or
emancipation, and to do that m the distracted state
of the country, and under the extraordinary cir-
cumstances by whu-h we are surrounded and in
which we live, which they could not do in timeof
peace and when the States were united. The res-
olution introduced m the last session of Congress
was in these woids:
u Resolved^ That the United Statev ou^lu to eo >perate
with any Slate that may adopt gradual abolishment of Ma-
very, giving to siiefi State pecuniary aid, to be tKed by such
State at its deletion, to compensate tor the inconveni-
ences, public and private, pioduced by  uch a change of
system."
Mr. Piesident, when I presented, on that occa-
sion, objections to the adoption of that resolution,
founded on its want of constitutionality, I was
answered by the then Senator from Illinois, (Mr.
Browning,) that " sufficient unto the day was the
evil thereof.'' The objection was also answeied,
if 1 remember aright, by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] that it would be time enough
to consider that question when it legitimately
arose. This led me to scan narrowly the words
of the resolution. I had thought the pledge on
the part of the United States to give this aid
implied that the Congress of the United States
would make an appropriation in aid of the States in
the accomplishment of this purpose; but it seems
the resolution-was most dexterously worded; that
instead of pledging the faith of the Government
that Congress would make an appropriation for
this purpose, it was simply a decimation of opin-
ion that the United States ought to cooperate with
any State that might attempt gradual emancipa-
tion. It evidently meant, then, m the view of its
friends, that while Congress might not under the
Constitution, as atpresentexistmg, have thecon-
stitutional power to give this aid, yet the United
States might so change the Constitution as to
make the't constitutional in the future which was
not constitutional at piesent.
But, Mr. President, even were it constitutional,
there are grave considerations of policy and ex-
pediency which would render the adoption of the
measure now before the Senate unwise. Before
[ consider those questions, however, let me in-
vite the attention of the Senate for a moment to
its unconstitutionality. What is the first pro-
vision of this biil which renders it unconstitu-
tional? In my judgment, it is unconstitutional
because it attempts to do that which is solemnly
prohibited by the Federal Constitution in dnect
and express terms. It proposes to create a com-
pact between the State of Missouri and the Uni-
ted States of America, a compact which, in the
language of tho act, shall be lt irrepealabie with-
out tiie consent of the United States." The pro-
vision of the bill in this behalf is:
"The Government of tbo United Stales will, upon th«
passage by said State of a good and valid act of emancipa-
tion or all the slaves therein, to take effect within the period
hereinafter named, and to be irtepealabk; unless with the
coiissentoftho United States,npplv the sum ofS^10,CK)0,000,,,
&e.
•Now, Mr. President, what is the provision of
the Constitution in reference to this matter which
renders this bill manifestly, palpably on its face,
obnoxious to constitutional objection ? We find
that in section ten of the first article of the Con-
stitution are these words:
uNo Ptatc shall enter Into any treaty, alliance, or con-
federation, grant letter* of marque and reprisal, coin moaef,
emit bills of credit," &c.
This is a prohibition not only upon the power
of one State to enter into a compact, alliance, con-
federation, or agreement with another Slate, but
it is a prohibition upon the part of any State from
entering into any alliance, compact, or agreement
with the General Government of the United States.
If a Slate is prohibited from entering into such a
compact with anotherState, the same words which
mnke that prohibition make it also a prohibition
upon the power of the State to enter into any
agreement or compact with the*United States.
But, Mr. President, let us look in another as-
pect of the case at the question of the unconstitu-
tionality of this measure. It would be a total
destruction of the form ofgovernment under which
we live. If the State of Missouri can enter into
an agreement or compact irrepealable with the
United States that slavery shall not therein exist
after the acceptance on the part of Missouri of this
act, then it is an agreement on the part of the State
ofMissomt to surrender the sovereignty of that
State, and makes the State of Missouri unequal in
its n«hts of sovereignty with the other States of
this Union; and the anomaly would be presented
in that case of a union of States, not with equal
lights under the Federal Constitution, but States
of unequal rights. The State of Maryland, the
State of Kentucky, and the other States might
then have the complete right of sovereignty over
their own domestic institutions, while the State of
Missouri, if this act be adopted, would cease to
have that right, and instead of a Government of
coequal States you would have a Government of
States of unequal power, not equal under the Con-
stitution; and the whole frame work and system
otgovi rnment under which we live would be en-
tirely abrogated by this species of legislation.
Carry it out a little further to its ultimate con-
sequences, and what would be the result? If the
State of Missouri can surrender her sovereignty
in reference to the absolute control of her own do-
mestic institutions, she may by compact with the
United States for a money consideration also sur-
render her right of representation upon this lloor,
and her repiesentation in the other House of Con-
gress. She may also stipulate, if she can do this
act, to surrender every other right which she en-
joys under the Federal Constitution, and may
even consent to become a province of the other
States, and thus work the total destruction of our
Federal system of Government.
Mr. President, carry it still further; if Missouri
may do this, some other State which may wish to
inn its hand into the Federal Treasury may bo
bribed to sut render some other right which it has
under the Federal Constitution; and thus instead
of the form of Government under which we live
being changed or modified according to the pro-
visions of the Constitution by a convention of all
the States in general convention assembled, you
would have each State separately and by itself
surrendei ing up its rights until you find one great
consolidated central Government at the Federal
capital, wiih no such thing as State rights or State
sovereignty m it. I submit, Mr. President, there-
fore, that tins is the most dangerous act, the most
dangerous species of legislation when viewed in
its elements and principles, that has ever been in-
troduced into the Federal Congress.
But, sir, am I mistaken in the view which I
have presented, that the State of Missouri has no
