1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any such purpose. We should be met with the
assurance, " here is your written Constitution,
here is the solemn declaration made by your fath-
ers and under which you agreed to live, that the
purpose for which Congress may lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, is to pay the
debts and provide for the general welfare and the
common defense of the United States—that gen-
eral welfare and that common defense the means
of providing for which are specifically enumer-
ated m the Constitution, and are not left to the
vague conjecture or the uncertain determination
of the members who for the time being happened
to occupy seats on this floor."
Mr. President, in support of these views I will
read a sentence or two from Mr. Justice Story.
After stating the early controversy in reference to
this matter, when the question of the adoption of
the Federal Constitution was agitating the public
mind of the country, and after citing this clause
of the Constitution, he says of it:
"The reading, therefore, which will be maintained in
these Commentaries, Is that winch makes the latter words
a qualification of the former; and this will be best illustrated
by supplj ing the words which are necessarily to 6e under-
stood in this interpretation. They will then stand thus:
'The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxe«,
duties, imports, and excjscs, in order to pay the debt5* and
to provide for the common defense and general welfaie of
the United States;' that is, for the purpose of paying the
public debt* and providing for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States."
And he subsequently, in another part of his
Commentaries, says that this common defense and
general welfare is not to be determined by the
mere opinion of those who, for the time being,
make the laws or make the appropriation; but it
is to be determined by the specially enumerated
powers vested in the Congress of the United States
for providing for this common defense and gen-
eral welfare. The same opinion is distinctly an-
nounced in the forty-first number of the Feder-
alist, thatthis power to lay taxes, to pay the debts,
and provide forthe general welfare, is notamero
arbitrary power to be exercised by Congress ac-
cording to their whim and caprice, and to be gov-
erned alone by the fluctuating opinion of the ma-
jority for the time being of those who have a place
m Congress, but it is to be determined by the
enumerated powers in the Federal Constitution,
and is given to Congress for the purpose of carry-
ing this power into effect. I quote as follows:
u Some who have not denied the necessity of the power
of taxation have giounded a very fieice attack against the
Constitution on the language in which it is defined, itha-5
• been urged and echoed that the power ' to lav and collect
taxes, duties, import?, and excise*, to pay debt*, and pro-
vide for the common defense and geneial welfaie of the
United State*,'amounts to an unlimited commission to ex-
ercise every power vvlucli may be alleged to bo neec?«-;uy
lor the common detcn<$ 01 general welfaie. No stronger
proof could be given of the duties5; under which these wnt~
ers labor for objections than their stooping to such a mie-
consti uction.
(i Had no other enumeration or definition of the powers
of the Congress been found in the Constitution than the
general expressions just cited, the authoiH of the objection
m ught have had some color foi it, though it would have been
diihcult to find a reason for so avvkwaid a ioim of deseub-
imr an authority to legislate in all possible caM"=. A power
to destioy the troedomof the pret.^, the trial by jury, 01 even
to regulate the course of descents or the forms of convey-
ances, must be very singularly expressed by the terms ' to
raise money for the geneial welfare '
" But what color can the objection have wlren a specifi-
cation of the objects alluded to by these gcneial tenm imme-
diately follows, and is not even separated by a longer pau^e
than a semicolon? Jf the different parts of the haine in-
strument ought to be so expounded a* to give meaning tn
eveiy pait which will bear it, shall one prut of the same,
sentence he excluded altogethei fioin a shaie in th^ mean-
ing; and shall the more doubtful and indefinite teim* be
retained in their full extent, and the cle.11 and precise ev-
pressions be denied any signification whatsoever? foi what
puipose could the enumetauon of particular poweis be in-
serted, if these and all othets wero meant to he included in
the preceding general power? Nothing is more natural or
common than first to use a genewU pmas-e, and then to ex-
plain and qualify it by a lecital of pai ticulaw. But the idea
of an enumeiation of particulars, which neither explain nor
qualify the general meaning, and can have no other effort
than to confound and mislead, \s an absuidity which, as we
are reduced to the dilemma ot chaiging either on the au-
thoi s of the objection or on the author* of the Constitution,
we must take the hheity of supposing had not lt  origin with j
the latter.** J
Mr. President, I have thus briefly stated the !
objections I have to the passage of tins bill upon
constitutionalgrounds. 1 can see no warrant inuny !
provision of the Federal Constitution for the appro-
priation of the sum of $10,000,000, or $20,000,000,
or any sum of money whatever, for the purpose
of bringing about emancipation in the State ot
Missouri.
One other aspect of this case I shall present, and
then I shall cease to trouble the Senate. It is said
to be necessary—necessary ffrst to give peace to
Missouri, and thereby to make the State of Mis-
souri, which seems now divided in its loyalty and
its affections, one and united in its support of the
Federal authority. I had occasion the other even-
ing briefly to present my views in reference to
this aspect of the question. We are frequently
told by Senators on this floor that the cause of
this rebellion is the existence of Africun slavery.
We are told that to perpetuate that institution, to
strengthen it, the leaders in the South inflamed
the passions of the multitude in reference to the
dangers to be apprehended to that institution.
We are told that for the purpose of preserving,
strengthening, and extending the system of sla-
very, they flew to arms; that all the carnage that
has been made, that all the blood that has been
shed, that every tear that has dimmed the aged
eyes of the fathei, that every groan that has gone
up from the bloody battle-field, that every throb
that agonizes the mother's heart, all are owing to
this one cause—the design and desire of the south-
ern people to perpetuate this institution, to give it
strength and durability in the future.
And yet, sir, from the very same source we are
informed that if the Federal Government will, by
way of bribe—as was well said the other day by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Tuupiis,] in the
very able speech he made—if the Federal Govern-
ment will take the purse in hand, and say to the
Legislature of that State, elected by a minority
of the people of that State, "abolish this insti-
tution, contrary to the sentiment of the people of
your State, and you shall have for one hundred
thousand slaves, worth at least fifty million dol-
lars, ten or twenty millions m the depreciated
currencyoftheUnited States." We are told that
such will be the powerand the potency of the bube
that treason will cease to lurk in the heart*, that
where there is hate now towards the Government
of the United States; where there is an ardent desire
for separation, a desire which leads to deadly strife
upon the ensanguined field—immediately joy will
thrill the heart-, patriotism will be revived; love
of country will be restored; and that when they
turn their gaze from the bars and stripes to the
stars and stripes, the old love for the old (lag will
be reanimated, and that no people in this whole
country will shout more gloriously or more loudly
for the Union of our fathers than these men who
have taken up arms to destroy that Union and to
strike down that Aug.
Sir, will the hearts of mon so suddenly change?
Are political conversions so instantaneous? Does
hate so suddenly give, place to love? Does trea-
son so soon step out of the way and allow an ar-
dent patriotism to take ilsstead ? Sir, those who
thus conjecture have studied little the character of
man; have thought but little upon the strength
and power of the human passions and of the hu-
man feelings; have thought but little upon the
deep attachments and the long attachments of a
people to the institutions of their childhood and
the institutions of their fathers. Sir, instead of
peace being given to Missouri by a measure of
this kind, vou will inflame passions winch have
as yet lam dormant. There are thousands of men
in the State of Missouri who, from prudential rea-
sons, if for nothing else, have remained perfectly
quiet during this whole struggle, who have taken
no sides, who have done naught either for the Fed-
era) Government or against it, who have sought
repose* and safety in then quiet homos; but when
you go there with a bribe m your hand to the
Legislature to get it to do an act contrary to their
judgment and their feelings, they will rise up and
assert their hostility to a violated principle. It
is fruitless. This is all wrong. It matters not
that in your judgment they may be acting un-
wisely. Wisciy or unwisely, such is the philos-
ophy of human nature, and such are the motives
and the fcehngs that prompt human action.
1 do not recollect to have heard it avowed, in
the course of this debate, that this measure was
stricfiy within constitutional provisions. Instead
of doing that under the plea of necessity which
you can' find no warrant for m any provision of
the Constitution, abstain from it; for be assured
that instead of giving peace to Missouri, in.itead
of giving peace to the countiy, you but excite
passions that ?o far have not been aroused; you
give aWm not onlv to a majority of the people
of Missouri, but you give alarm to the people of
other States. If this policy is to be inaugurated
in unhappy Missouri, it may be followed as in-
dicated by the resolution of the President hereto-
fore referred to—it may be attempted to be inau-
gurated in the State of Kentucky, and in the State
of Maryland. I will not speak of my own State,
where the subject of slavery is of so little import-
ance that, were it not for the,principle involved,
the people would care very little about it. But,
sir, once awaken these passions in all these border
States, and instead of having men flying to your
standard against the sympathies at least of their
nature in reference to African slavery, I very
much apprehend that you will need reinforce-
ments elseVhere to preserve what little nominal*
authority you have already.
Mr, President, in my own judgment, since the
commencement of this unhappy difficulty be-
tween the two sections of the country, we have
pursued the most unwise policy that a nation could
possibly pursue. It seems that madness has come
over the minds of a portion of the people of this
country; that instead of looking to the sole object
which' should be kept in view, the integrity of the
Union, with the preservation of the constitutional
rights of the people North and South, East and
West., the occasion has been seized upon for the
purpose of inaugurating a system of policy as a
war policy that had no hope of accomplishment
in times of peace. Why,sir, the system is against
your own declared opinions and your own declared
judgments, time and again, in both Halls of this
Congress. You declared at the beginning of this
controversy that you had no intention of inter-
fering with any right of the people of the several
States. You declared at the extra session that
this war was waged for no purpose of that kind,
but simply for the restoration of the Union and
the vindication of the national authority, and that
when these objects were accomplished the war
should cease.
And yet, sir, after the declaration of that prin-
ciple in the celebrated Crittenden and Johnson
resolution, and when volunteers flocked to your
standard from every border State,and from every
other State in this Union, and victory began to
perch upon your standard; when this declaration
was followed by a large and vastly increased
Army; when it was followed by the victories of
Fort Henry and Fort Donelson and others; when
the desponding friends of the Union again began
to take hope that this war might not be of long
duration, and that the integrity of the Federal
Union might again be restored, no sooner had
these victories augured well in reference to the
future than these same schemes were pressed to
interfere with the subject of slavery in the border
States, which had not taken up arms against you.
States which from the first day had been true and
faithful to you; and with every effort that this
Congress has made to interfere with the interests
of those Statesand with the subject of slavery, at
every stop you have taken in that direction, dis-
aster has met you, and to-day you are no nearer
the accomplishment of your purpose, if purpose it
be,'to reconstruct the Union than you were when
your armies fled in alarm and in defeat from Bull
Run. Mr. President, I verily believe that while
this system of legislation shall continue nothing
but disaster and defeat will attend your armies.
It is sometimes said by members on the oppo-
site side of this Chamber, it is said by the public
press of the country, " why not cease your oppo-
sition, why not all unite, why have anything but
one great, grand, glorious Union party battlingfor
the old flag, and battling for the integrity of the
Union and the supremacy of the Federal.author-
ity?" Echo answers, why ? I ask gentlemen of
the dominant party, I ask the country, why have
any more parties than one grand Union party
striving by constitutional and legitimate means
for the vindication of the national authority and
the integrity of the national Union? The reason
i is that you will not let us have it; you deny us
j! that boon. You inaugurate measures here that
are cleaily unconstitutional in their provisions;
'j you attempt to tread on forbidden ground; you
!: attempt to foiee a mere party policy on the whole
.! country, and to make the policy of a party^become
!i the policy of the country, under thedeiusive hope
i' that thereby you can maintain the Federal au-
thorny and vindicate the national honor. Senu-
tors,! apeak notfrom any other feeling or motive
