eod
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
than that of an honest belief and honest convic-
tion of the truth of what I say; you delude your-
selves, you delude your countrymen; peace will
never come with a reestablished Union upon any
such policy as that.
Where have been the signs of peace since you
commenced it? Before you attempted the inau-
guration of this policy, and after you passed the
Crittenden resolutions to which I have alluded, I
ask you wliether the people were not compara-
tively united, whether the voice of party was not
almost hushed and still? Then such a thing as
party organization was hardly known in this
country. It was only when you commenced your
confiscation bills; only when you commenced your
system ofarbitrary arrests, accusing men of being
semi-traitors and arresting them because they dif-
fered in political and party associations with you;
it was only when you commenced to infringe upon
the provisionsofthe Federal Constitution by your
confiscation bills in relation to negro slaves, and
also projected the policy of " compensated eman-
cipation," which this day, next to that of arbi-
trary arrests, is a subject that is thrilling the pub-
lic heart in some of the States of this Union more
than any other question which can agitate it—it
was then that opposition was sternly and reso-
lutely made and political party organization re-
newed againstthedesignsof the Republican party,
which strove to perpetuate its power by an ex-
clusive appropriation to itself of the virtue of
patriotism.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Delaware, who is indulging in this strain
of remark, whether he was not opposed to all
measures-for coercion long before any measure of
confiscation or emancipation was presented ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very happy to an-
swer the Senator. 1 have no sentiments in the
Senate Chamber that I have not out of it. I have
none to avow here which I have not avowed be-
fore my people. I have none here nor elsewhere
that are not honestly entertained. Mr. President,
allow me to preface my answer to the interroga-
tory of the gentleman by a remark which, since
he has put this rather personal question to me, I
injustice to myself may be allowed to indulge in.
I was a member of this body during the two clos-
ing years of the last Administration. I saw, or
thought I saw, the storm brewing. I thought I
saw the difficulty in which we should be placed
aa a people unless something was done to avert
the impending awful catastrophe. In the month
of December, 3860, when President Buchanan sent
in iiis last message to Congress, immediately after
it was read several southern Senators rose and
spoke of the determination of their people and
their own determination, unless something was
done to give peace to adistractod country. At
the close of that debate, just as a motion was made
to ad journ, by the indulgence of the Senate I got
the floor and briefly declared that i represented
in part one of the smallest States of the Union;
that she had been the first to enter into the Fed-
eral Union and that she would be the last to aban-
don it. The declaration I then made and the sen-
timent therein embodied has always been my
sentiment, for I never wished to see this Union
of ours divided, because separation could bring
no good to me or mine.
My State is a small State upon the border, and
nothing but ruin to her, if not a total destruction
of her independent existence as a State, must in
my judgment have come from separation. The
situation in which we were placed, knowing that
most of the horrors of separation must fall upon
those least responsible for it, caused me to study
and to think deeply, or as deeply as I could, ov<-r
the best and most proper means to avert so awfai
a calamity as national disruption, Tlu-re were
two alternatives presented: one, war, which the I
gentleman calls coercion; the other, compromise, |
or rather a solemn, honorable assurance given to {
every State in this Union and the people of every j
State that thetr constitutional rights should beob- :
served. These were the two policies. I took my !
stand firmly n .id resolutely, after mature refiee- j
t'on, in fawn* of the policy of no war, but of avert-
ing war and of averting separation hy doing that
which the Senator and I would do m a case of
mutual misunderstanding if we were both honor-
able men, which I have no right to question on my
own part, and which I do not question on his. in
such aga&e he and 1 would see whether it was bet-
ter to wipe out the stain with blood, or whether
it was better to se&.who was right and who was
wrong, and endeavor by peaceable means to avoid
a conflict.
Now, Mr. President, I will say to the Senator
it is true that from the beginning of this unhappy
controversy I have here and everywhere else
maintained the doctrine that if you would pre-
serve the Union of your fathers, or the constitu-
tional rights of the people, your best policy was
to adopt means of compromise and conciliation.
But, sir, m further answer to the gentlemen, 1
should say this, that I was not singular in such
an opinion as that. I ask the honorable Senator
from Maine whence he has studied the means of
healing the great national difficulties of a people
in arms against each other under a system of gov-
ernment like this, where the parties are so nearly
equally divided 
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator will allow me.
I am sure he entirely misunderstands my inquiry,
certainly the scope of it. I was not questioning
the honorable Senator's opposition to the policy
of the war; but he was charging that the oppo-
sition to the policy of the war sprung up upon
the extraordinary measures of confiscation and
the like, and the inquiry I made was whether his
opposition to the policy of the war was based on
those measures, or whether it was not against all
policy the object of which was to coerce rebellion ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator is simply
mistaken. I was not saying that the opposition
originally commenced on those measures; but
after the war was inaugurated, and after the adop-
tion of the Crittenden resolution, it was then that
there was apparent harmony.
But, Mr. President, I will ask the honorable
Senator, was I singular in the belief that war was
not the proper mode of preserving and restoring
the Union r What said your own President in
his inaugural? That you might fight, and fight,
and fight; and after all you would -have to com-
promise at last. That was the declaration of his
own chieftain. Was I singular ? What still said
the present Executive of the United States when
he called out seventy-live thousand volunteers?
The country believed it was to defend the na-
tional capital. They flocked to respond to that
call, and in the call the President, according to
my recollection of his proclamation, although 1
have it not before me, declared that his object
was not to invade any State, but simply to re-
possess the Government of the forts and property
which it had lost. We all know—the Senator
from Maine knows as well as anybody else—that
when this thing commenced, even the calling out
of volunteers, the conception was not formed m
the brain of living man scarcely—if it was it
did not find utterance anywhere—that there was
to be an army of invasion sent within the south-
ern States, and that we were to have a general
war throughout the whole country.
We all know that the policy of a portion of the
friends of this Administration was simply to take
possession of the ports of the South, and thus cut off
supplies from foreign countries, and patiently wait
until public sentiment in the southern States, the
people having become assured that there was to be
no attempt made to destroy their rights under the
Constitution, would be strong enough to build up a
party that would restore the Federal Union; and I
believe to-day that if that policy had been pursued,
and if there had been no war of invasion, and the
assurance had been given to the people of the
southern States generally that their constitutional
rights should be restored and maintained under
an Administration which they had been taught
to believe would be hostile to their institutions,
(whether wisely taught or not,) before this a ma-
jority of the southern people would have risen up
from attachment to the old Federal Union, and.
would have assented their right, and by their
power vindicated their light, to live together in
thw Union with the other States.
But to answer the Senator's interrogatory more
definitely, I distinctly now and here state that I
have from the beginning believed that war would
inevitably lead to disunion, and that union could
only be preserved by compromise and peace.
Jn the remarks which I have made I assure the
Senator from Maine I was not reflecting upon any-
body personally. I was only attempting to trace
effects to their legitimate causes. I was not cen-
suring m a personal sense any one. Mr. Pres-
ident, allow me to say to the dominant party, you
have tried your policy now for two years. It has
so far failed. Whether it will succeed in the fu-
ture the most sanguine of you will admit to be
entirely problematical. There is a large portion,
and perhaps a majority, of the people in the ad-
hering States, I think a clear majority of people
in the adheringStates,who think that policy wrong.
Before war existed, or while the means of com-
promise were possible, I begged and implored you
to adopt means of concession and compromise;
but being in the war, I do not profess to sec how,
considering the temper of the present Congress
and of the Administration, we can escape now by
compromise or concession. It seems to me im-
possible that there should be a cessation of hos-
tilities under this Administration, and I have not
troubled this body or the country with any prop-
ositions for peace. If I knew that by the intro-
duction of measures for compromise or concilia-
tion they could be got through this body and
would be listened to in Richmond, I would as-
sume all the responsibility of their introduction
in the face of a most indignant public, if the pub-
lic should be indignant at the introduction of such
measures.
But, sir, I am in the minority, and those who
act with me are powerless for the accomplishment
of anything that can have much practical effect
upon the legislation of the country; but, as I
stated, you have tried your policy for two years,
and "it has failed so far. Is it not time to stop and
think that perhaps that policy may be wrong ?
Perhaps the legislation upon the question of sla-
very has been disastrous rather than beneficial.
Suppose, now, in obedience to what seems to be
the indication of opinion in the West and in the
North, and everywhere, you at once and forever
bury this subject of legislating upon African sla-
very, and take your stand firmly in favor of the
restoration of the Union with the preservation of
the constitutional rights of the people everywhere;
try that, if you please, two years, and then if good
results do not follow, return, if it pleases your
wisdom, to the policy to which I have alluded
and opposed.
Mr. President, I will detain the Senate no
longer. I have spoken without preparation, un-
connectedly, and have thrown out such sugges-
tions as occurred to me at the time. No one will
be happier than myself to see any constitutional
measure adopted which would lead to a reestab-
lishment of the Federal authority over every foot
of what was once the whole United States of
America. 1 would hail it as the greatest blessing,
not only to the people of this whole country, but
to the people of all the world; not only to the peo-
ple of the present generation, but to all future
times. If I have indulged in criticism upon pro-
posed measures, I have done so because I hon-
estly believe that those measures are unwise, and
because their adoption, in my opinion, will only
lead to furtherand greater public disaster.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the amendment of the
Senate be then open for further amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then be open
to further amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to understand
whether the question is on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole to the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the committee as amended; and it is
all one question.
Mr.SUMNER. Then thatamendmentisopeit
to amendment, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOOT. I understand the state of the ques-
tion to be this: the committee to whom the bill
had been committed reported it back with an
amendment in the form of a substitute; several
amendments to that amendment were proposed
from time to time, and all voted down in committee.
The bill was finally reported to the Senate with the
amendment adopted m Committee of the Whole,
and the question now is on concurring in that
amendment, which is in the form of a substitute
for the original bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. T hat isthequestion.
