1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FOOT. That amendment is now open to
amendment; and if the Senate shall concur m that
amendment before any proposition of amendment
shall be acted upon, it wilUbe precluded from fur-
ther amendment, except in the form of additional
sections.
The VI CE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is correct.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, Mr. President, I wish
to move, as an amendment to the amendment,
in line tvventy-three of section one, to strike out
" three" and insert " two;" so that it will read:
That said bonds, In their aggregate amount, shall not ex-
ceed the sum of $200 for each slave emancipated.
I feel humbled, sir, that the Senate should be
considering whether it should pay $300 or $200
for a human being, but so it is. The question oc-
curs, and the Senate is to consider which sum it
shall introduce into this bill. Now, if I can judge
from what I hear, if all the slaves in Missouri
were gathered together at the largest slave mar-
ket—at St. Louis, if you please—they would not
bring, even if put up at auction, §200 a head.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill does not propose
to pay anything for a slave. The money proposed
to be appropriated by the bill is to the State of
Missouri, and the amount is limited by declaring
that a larger amount shall not be paid to the State
of Missouri than calculating the numberof slaves
and paying $300 to each would amount to.
Mr. SUMNER. That is justas 1 understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one dollar of this
money that is appropriated by Congress goes for
a slave at all unless the State of Missouri thinks
proper to appropriate it in that way. This is
money appropriated to the State of Missouri to
aid her in bringing about emancipation; and m
asceitaining how much we shall appropriate, wc
provide that the amount of the bonds shall not
excecd a certain sum by a computation based on
the number of slaves.
Mr. SUMNER.. The Senator and myself can-
not differ; the facts are too clear. The payment
is to be at the rate of $300 for each slave. That
is the short and the long of it; and that drives the
Senate to the consideration whether §300, at this
moment, is the proper price for a slave. We can-
not escape it.
Mr. P0ME110Y. I do not understand the ques-
tion to be precisely that the State of Missouri can-
not get more than $300 on all the slaves emanci-
pated. The State of Missouri gets this whole
appropriation, and if there are not slaves enough
to take up the appropriation, she can use it to pay
the interest on her public debt, or anything else.
Mr. SUMNER, i do not see how it can be so
with the language before me—
~9ntt provided further* That pant bonds in their aggregate
amount tliall not c.\ctud the bum of $3(JQ lor each «>lave.
In their aggregate amount shall not exceed
the sum of $300 for each slave;" and I say that
drives us to the question, we cannot escape from
it, whether we shall recognize the value of a slave
to h^ §300 >
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me to ask him a question.
Suppose the State of Missouri thinks proper to
abolish slavery and not pay a dollar, will she not
be entitled to the amount which $300 for each per-
son would come tor Suppose she never pa) s a
dollar to a slaveholder, does it make any differ-
ence as to the State getting this money?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 believe it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under this bill, it docs
n-u; she gets precisely the same amount whether
she ever pays a dollar or not.
Mr. SUMNER. The language of the bill is
precise, "that said bonds, m their aggregate
amount, shall not exceed the sum of $300 for each
slave emancipated." It is a limitation of the
amount.
Mr. FOSTER. A measure of amount, not a
measure of appropriation at all.
Mr. CQLLAMER. i understand the provis-
ion in the las! section is that no bonds are to be
delivered except for slaves actually emancipated.
Is that so >
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they cannot getany
bonds until they emancipate their slaves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably not. But
suppose, as I said before, the State of Missouri
manumits her slaves without paying a dollar to the
owners of slaves, she will still be entitled to the
same amount of money as if she paid each slave-
holder $1,000, or $300, or any other sum.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that then Missouri will be entitled to
the full sum of $20,000,000?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; she would be
entitled to whatever sum the $300 for each slave
emancipated would amount to, no matter whether
the money were paid to the slaveholders or not.
It is a mere measure of the amount to be paid to
the State, which is put in. If the State of Mis-
souri thinks proper to emancipate one hundred
slaves in her own way, witiiout paying a dollar to
the owners, t>he will be entitled to whatever sum
$300 for each of the one hundred slaves would
amount to. The money does not necessarily go
to the ovneis of the slaves.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no difference, then,
between the Senator and myself. The bill estab-
lishes, as a measure of the value of each slave,
$300, and it is a matter of entire indifference
whether the money is paid to the slave master or
kept by the State. Suffice it to say that the State
will receive a certain sum of money measured by
the number of slaves emancipated, at tho rate of
$300 a head. Am I not right in that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then there is no
difference between the Senator and myself. I so
understood it at the beginning,and what I object
to is that in this statute we should put that valu-
ation. If we are going into any valuation at all,
I want to have it somewhat in conformity with
the existing evidence. I have m my hands the
report of the emancipation commission of the
District of Columbia, which has been very re-
cently made, in which they give an account of
gome of their difficulties in endeavoring to arrive
at an estimate of the value of slaves. It seems
that they were at fault. There was nobody in
Washington who could instruct them, and they
sent to Baltimore to the most expert slave dealer
there. I ieyd from their report:
u There are few person?, especially in a community like
Washington, when; blavery ha* been for many J eats an in-
terest of compaialive)v trithng impouance, who possess the
knowledge ami discrimination as to tin* value of slaves
which is neee^m v to aju-l apportionment, ot compensation
undei the law. None oi tne eomnii.ssioneiscouUl lay claim
to thi "J specie* of information, and to supply it they deteiin-
inod tohunimon to then aid an experienced dealei mMaviM
from Ualtimoie, Mr. B. M. Campbell, who wa> at thes=ame
time mnorant, m almost every instance, of the individuals
upon whose claim-* he wa«« called to pas', judgment. HU
testimony accouled u ith thai of others who>e nifoimation
lathe premises wa* ''Milled to weight, that in the disturbed
state ol the country since the commencement ol the war
it would he difficult to a-sign values to the slaves. The
sales have been lew, and m-neiaily under circumstances
of pecuniary presume winch left no discretion with the
feller.-' "* * * * * * * * *
♦♦To prevent all mwindej'-tandina:, it is stated distinctly
that the value* aligned by the expert, Mr. Campbell, were
hv him reteried back to the yeats 1859 and I860. J t was not
pretended by him that slaves on the 10th day of April last
were worth the prices named by him. On tin; contiarv,
when interrogated upon oath, he declared that there had
been no sales, and that no saleable value existed bince the
eatlypauof Jtdl. hooks, exhibited to the connnis-
Moneis show that fiotn February -2 to May 18,1&51, his pur-
chases amounted to thirty-seven slaves, at an avt lageeost
of &G3G 73. Of these four are described a-> children, but
peihaps the greater portion of them were In the prime of
life, Since May, lKt5J,he ha-< ecased to pmclia*e, as all
communication with the South win cut otF. Other wit-
ms-se-> who. fiom tune to tunc, wvic called upon tor their
opinion1?, concurred entirely with .Mr. Campbell arf to the
foirnei and present value ol slaves."
Here is the best testimony to which we have
access, saying that at this moment slaves have no
saleable value, and yet the Senate proposes in its
bill to attribute to them a value as high as $300
each. Now, I object to that enormous valuation.
I object to it for itself m the present bill, and 1
object to it as a precedent. We shall be bound
by it hereafter. When the next bill similar to
this shall come before the Senate, we shall have
this same value of $300 for each slave. I wish to
begin now by putting it at least at £200 and that
is my motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not propose to dis-
cuss thisquestion, and 1 am not going to do it. I
shall not discuss the measure any further. I have
said in its favor all that 1 desire to say; and I wish
to suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
if the debate is to be opened upon it, I am assured
by gentlemen around me here that they will feel
altogether absolved from their arrangement made
a few evenings ago, to take the vote without fur-
ther discussion, and it will force me into a very
awkward predicament, indeed. If discussion is
to be had against the bill, I, of course, fee! under
some obligation to my constituents to vindicate it
again, and if 1 do so this whole debate will again:
be opened. I appeal to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, if he can do so, to let the vote be taken
upon the various propositions that may be offered,
and let the arrangement which has been made
stand. I do not know to what extent this discus-
sion may go if it shall again be opened. I know
that there is but little time left for the considera-
tion of important questions yet to be considered
in this body, and the discussion of this measure
has been very full and very ample. I know that
the Senator thinks he is under no obligation to
stand by the arrangement, because he was not
present or consulted. I really thought he was.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It was not on any such ground as that. 1 stated
in open Senate, at the time, that I had several
propositions to offer, on which I expected to di-
vide the Senate. The Globe shows that I made
that statement.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
tho offering ofany propositions and taking the vote
on them; but the Senator makes a long speech and
offers evidence here in favor of his amendment.
Now, if I rise to controvert that, the arrangement
is broken, and the gentlemen on this side of the
House have notified me that they will feel under
no obligation to stand by it. That is all I have
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to tho amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, and Mr. WILSON of Mis-
souri, called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered; and being taken resulted—yeas 19, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlilc, Clark, Collatner, Fesscnden,
Grimes, Ilatlan, Howe, King. Lane of Indiana, Lane ot
Kansas, I'omfroy, Hire, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—
19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Cowan, !)i\on, Doo-
little, Fo.-ter, Harris, Henderson, Hicks, Howard, Latham.
MeDouaall, Morrill, Richardson, Ten 15yck, Wall, and
Wilson of Mw^oun—17.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move, on page 4, line
six of section one, to strike out the words " grad-
ual or;'* so that the clause will read:
That whenever satisfactory evidence shall be presented
to the Piesident of the United States that the State of M la-
yout i has* adopted a valid and constitutional law, ordinance,
or other provision, tor the immediate emancipation of all
ilie slave* therein, &c.
Then the money shall be paid. I do not mean
to debate the amendment; but I wish to assign in
one sentence the reason for the proposed change.
I take it, the onlyground on which Senators will
attempt to vindicate this laige appropriation will
be as a war measure. I do not understand a war
measure which is to go into effect ten years from
now. I do not understand a gradual war meas-
ure. It is an absurdity in terms, and utterly in-
defensible. Whatever is done now is done for
the national defense. Whatever is done in the
indefinite future is a mere tribute to slavery; and
I think the Senate at this moment cannot do bet-
ter than to adopt that principle of the early days
of the Republic: " Millions for defense, but not
one cent for tribute.'*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. On thatamendment I ask for
the yeas and nay3.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not going to dis-
cuss this subject. I shall not break the arrange-
ment I hove made on my part at all; but I rise
simply for the purpose of saying that since the
adoption of the other amendment, if this amend-
ment be adopted I might as well take a nonsuit.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssrs. Cailite, Collatner, Cowan,* Fessenden,
Grimes, Harlan, Lane of Kan&a«, Poineroy, Sumner, Wade,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Da-
vii, Dixon. Doohttle, Foster, Harris Henderson, Hicks,
Howard, Howe, King, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Powell, Rice, Richardson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Ten
Evck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmotrand Wilson of Mle*
souii—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
