902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. SUMNER. There is an amendment that
is necessary in order to bring the bill in harmony
with an amendment already made. It is on page
5, section two, line nine, to strike out the word
" three," and insert " two," in conformity with
the amendmentalready adopted. It will then read:
That in the event of the adoption by said State of an act
or ordinance for the abolition of slavery therein, as herein-
before provided, the President shall, from time to time, as
they may be required, cau&e bonds to be prepared and de-
livered, as aforesaid, in such amounts as may be necessary
to pay for each slave made free under the provisions of
this act, and the act to be passed hy the State of Missouri
in pursuance thereof, not to exceed an average of $200.
Theamendrnenttotheamendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives, for which this is a substitute, is now
open to amendment, in order to perfect it before
the vote is taken on the substitute, as I under-
stand. I move, in the first section and tenth line
of that bill, to strike outil ten," and insert" twen-
ty;" so that the clause will read:
The Government of the United States vviJI,upon the pas-
gage by said State of a good and valid act of emancipation
of "all the slaves therein, to take effect within the period
hereinafter named, and to be irrepealable unless by the con-
sent of the United States, apply the sum of §20,000,000 m
United States bonds, &c.
Mr. President, the reason of that proposed
change is this: 1 regard the House bill as pref-
erable to the Senate bill, and lam for it, and shall,
at the proper time, vote for it; but money never,
if I have a vote to give, shall stand in the way of
human freedom. I therefore am willing to give
the largest sum that any Senator has proposed in
order to secure the great object we have in view.
To that end I move this amendment in the House
bill, which is for immediate emancipation, but
which appropriates only $10,000,000. 1 am will-
ing for that purpose to appropriate $20,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must ask for the yeas
and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose the object is
to amend this original House bill in such a shape
as to make it applicable to our affairs m Missouri.
I feel confident that it cannot so he made without
amending the bill in such a mminer as it has al-
ready been amended by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. President, the Judiciary Committee took this
question up; they looked to our State constitution;
they looked to the number of slaves in the State;
they looked to the value of them, and everything
of this character; and they have reported this
amended bill. It is the only bill, I think, appli-
cable to our condition in Missouri. 1 shall, there-
fore, vote against all amendments to substitute
anything else for the bill reported by the Judiciary
Committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Pomcroy, Stunner, and Wade—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Arnold, (Jarhlo, Chandler,
Hark, Oliamei, Davb, Dixon, Doolmle, Pessenden, Foot,
Foster,Grime1', Harding, llailan, Hams, Henderson, 1 licks,
Howaid, Howe, lOunedy, King, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dou^ali, Morrill, Nesmith, Powell. Rice, Richardson, Sher-
man, TeuEyek,Trumbull, VVall,Wilkm«<;n, Wilmot, Wil-
son of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—37.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concumng in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the adoption of the
substitute, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if I speak
tardily in this debate I hope for the indulgence
of the Senate. Had I been able to speak earlier
I should have spoken; but, though present in the
Chamber, and voting when this subject was un-
der consideration formerly, 1 was at the time too
much of an invalid to take an active part in the
proceedings. Injustice to myself and to the great
question under consideration I cannot be silent.
I have already voted to give $20,000,000 to Mis-
souri, m order to secure freedom at once to her
slaves and to make her at once a free State. I am
ivady to vote more, if more be needed for this pur-
pose; but I will not vote money to be sunk and lost
in an uncertain scheme of prospective emancipa-
tion, where freedom is a jack-o'-lantern, and the
only certainty is to be found in the congressional
appropriation. For money paid down, freedom,
too, must be paid down at once.
With all differencesofopinion on thisimportant
question, there is much occasion for congratulation
in the progress that has been made.
There is one point on which the Senate is sub-
stantially united. A large majority will vote for
emancipation. This is much, both as a sign of
the present and a prophecy of the future. A large
majority, in the name of Congress, will offer pe-
cuniary aid to this object. This is a further sign
and prophecy. Such a vote and such an appro-
priation will constitute an epoch. Only a few
short years ago the very mention of slavery in
Congress was forbidden, and all discussion of it
was stifled. Now, emancipation is an accepted
watchword, while slavery is openly denounced as
a guilty thing worthy of death.
It is admitted that now, under the exigency of
war, the United States ought to cooperate with
any State in the abolition of slavery, giving to it
pecuniary aid; and it is proposed to apply this
principle practically in Missouri. It was fit that
emancipation, destined to end the rebellion, should
first begin in South Carolina, where the rebellion
first began. U is also fit that the action of Con-
gress in behalf of emancipation should first be-
gin in Missouri, which, through the faint-hearted
remissness of Congress, as late as 1820, was
opened to slavery. Had Congress at that time
firmly insisted that Missouri, on entering the
Union, should be a free State, the vast appropri-
ation now proposed would have been saved; and,
better still, this vaster civil war would have been
prevented. The whole country is now paying
with treasure and blood for that fatal surrender.
Alas ! that men should forget that God is bound
by no compromise, and that, sooner or later, He
will insist that justice shall be done. There is not
a dollar spent, and not a life sacrificed m this ca-
lamitous war, which does not plead against any
repetition of that wicked folly. Blasted be the
tongue which speaks of compromise with slavery!
But, though happily compromise is no longer
openly proposed, yet it insinuates itself in this
debate. In foi mer times it took the form of bare-
faced concession to slavery, as in the admission
of Missouri as a slave State; the annexation of
Texas as a slave State; the waiver of the prohi-
bition of slavery in the Territories; the atrocious
bill for the reenslavement of fugitives; and the
opening of Kansas to slavery, first by the Kansas
bill, and thou by the Lecompton constitution. In
each of these cases there was a concession to sla-
very which history now records with shame; but
it was by this that your wicked slaveholding con-
spiracy waxed confident and strong, till at last it
was ripe for war.
And now it is proposed, as an agency in the
suppression of the rebellion, to put an end to sla-
very. By proclamation of the President all the
slaves in certain States, and designated parts of
States, are declared to be free. Of course this proc-
lamation is a war measure, rendered just and ne-
cessary by the exigencies of war. As such it is
summary and instant in its operation; not pros-
pective or procrastinating. A proclamation of
prospective emancipation would have been an
absurdity; like a proclamation of prospective bat-
tle, whei e not a blow was to be struck or a cannon
pointed before 1S76, unless, meanwhile, the ene-
my desired it. What is done in war must be done
piomptly, except, perhaps, under the policy of
defense. Gradualism is delay; and delay is the
betrayal of victory. If you would be triumphant,
strike quickly. Let youi blows be felt at once,
without noticc or premonition; and especially
without time for resistance or debate. Time
always deserts those who do not appreciate its
value. Strike promptly, and time becomes your
invaluable ally. Strike slowly, gradually, pros-
pectively, and time goes over to the enemy.
But every argument for the instant operation
of the pioc'amation; every consideration in favor
of dispatch in war, is especially applicable to all
that* is done by Congress as a war measure. In
a period of peace, Congress might fitly consider
whether emancipation should be immediate or
prospective, and we might listen with patience to
the instances adduced by the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Doolittlf.] in favor of delay; to
the ense of Pennsylvania and to the case of New
York, wh(;re slaves were tardily admitted to their
binhught. Such arguments, though to my judg-
ment of little value nt any time, would then be
legitimate. But now, when we are considering
how to put down the rebellion, they are not even
legitimate. There is but one way to put down the
rebellion, and that is by instant action; and all that
is done, whether in th«sfield, in the Cabinet, or in
Congress, must partake of this character. What-
ever is postponed for twenty years or ten years,
may seem to be abstractly politic or wise; but it
is in no sense a war measure, nor can it contribute
essentially to the suppression of the rebellion.
Now, 1 think that I may assume, without con-
tradiction, that the proposed tender of money to
Missouri for the sake of emancipation is a war
measure, to be vindicated as such under the Con-
stitution of the United States. Jt is also an act
of justice to an oppressed race; but it is not in
this unquestionable character that it is now com-
mended to Congress. If it were urged on no other
ground, even if every consideration of philan-
thropy and of religion pleaded for it with rarest
eloquence, I fear that it would stand but little
chance in either House of Congress. Let us not
disguise the truth. Except as a war measure,
in order to aid m putting down the rebellion, this
proposition would find little hospitality here. Sen-
ators are ready to vote money—as the British Par-
liament voted subsidies—in order to supply the
place of soldiers, or to remove a stronghold of the
rebellion; all of which is done by emancipation.
I do not overstate the case. Slavery is a strong-
hold of tiie rebellion, which, through emancipa-
tion, will be removed, while every slave and every
slave-master will become an ally of the Govern-
ment. Therefore emancipation is a war measure,
as constitutional as the raising of armies or the
occupation of a hostile territory.
But in vindicating emancipation as a war meas-
ure, we must see that it is made under such con-
ditions as to exercise a present, instant influence
against the rebellion. It must be immediate, not
prospective. In proposing prospective emanci-
pation you propose a measure which can have
little or no influence on the war. Senators ab-
stractly may prefer that emancipation should be
prospective rather than immediate; but this is not
the time for the exercise of any such abstract pref-
erence. Whatever is done asa war measure must
be immediate, or it will cease to have this char-
acter. If made prospective, it will not be a war
measure, whatever you may call it.
If I am correct in this statement—and I do not
see how it can be questioned—then is the appropri-
ation for immediate emancipation just and proper
under the Constitution, while that for prospective
emancipation is without any sanction, except what
it may find in the sentiments of justice and hu-
manity.
It is proposed to vote $10,000,000 of money to
promote emancipation ten years from now. Per-
haps I am sanguine, but I cannot doubt that be-
fore the expiration of that period slavery will die
in Missouri under the awakened judgment of the
people, even without the action of Congress. If
our resources were infinite, we might tender this
large sum by way of experiment; but with a Treas-
ury drainctl to the bottom, and with a debt accu-
mulating in fabulous proportions, I do not under-
stand how we can vote millions, which, in the first
place, will be of little or no service in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, and, in the second place,
which will be simply a largess in no way essen-
tial to the subversion of slavery.
Whatever is given for immediate emancipation
is given for the national defense, and for the safety
and glory of the Republic. It will be a blow at
the rebellion. Whatever is given for prospective
emancipation will be a gratuity to slaveholders
and a tribute to slavery. Pardon me if I repeat
what I have already said in this debate, " millions
for defense, but not n cent for tribute;,, millions
for defense against peril from whatever quarter it
may come; but not a cent for tribute in any quar-
ter. especially not a cent for tribute to the loath-
some tyranny of slavery.
I know it is sometimes said that even prospect-
ive emancipation will help to weaken the rebel-
lion. That it will impair the confidence in slavery
and also its value, I cannot doubt; but it is equal-
ly clear that it will leave slavery still alive and on
its legs, and just so tang as this is the case there
must be controversy and debate with attending
weakness; while reaction will perpetually-lift its
crest. Instead of tranquility, which we all seek
for Missouri, we shall have contention. Instead
of peace we shall have prolonged war. Every
