THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
checks and guards introduced here are correct.
But the objection I have to the bill, and I should
like very much to have the attention of the Sen-
ators to it, is, that it vests in the Secretary of the
"Treasury a most unwarranted exercise of discre-
tion. We have at the head of the Treasury De-
partment now, a gentleman who has the confi-
dence of the country and of the Senate; but in
legislating we should legislate not with reference
to any one incumbent 111 that office. These are
permanent laws, to be executed by whomsoever
may for the time being fiil the office of Secretary
-of the Treasury. This bill gives to the Secretary
of the Treasury authority to employ attorneys at
will all over the United States, and to agree with
them what fees he will pay them. It gives to other
attorneys engaged in the prosecution of certain
suits a percentage, it has been limited now some-
what by an amendment which is made by the chair-
man of the committee, so that it is not as exten-
sive as it was originally in the bill. The limitation
Confines the twelfth section, as I understand it, to
cases arisingunder the revenue laws, which would
limit the operation of that section very much; but
still is it right, sir, and i submit it to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, is he willing to
agree to pay two percent, on all moneys collected
in cases arising under the revenue lawsto the dis-
trict attorneys of the United States. We have dis-
trict attorneys employed, and pay them fees as
provided by law at present. 1 think the fees arc
inadequate in some of the cities. 1 tried to get a
bill passed at the last session on that subject,
and 1 believe a bill did pass the Senate. Still, it
seems to me, this is opening the door very wide.
There maybe some very heavy cases; and if you
allow two per cent, to a district attorney on the
claim collected, it may amount to a very large sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will give to the Senator,
eii her now or after he gets through, my views with
reference to that subject. It did not pass without
consideration and inquiry by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The tenth sectiori*seems
to me to be a very dangerous one. Let me call
the attention of the chairman of the committee to
it; and I should like to have the attention of other
Senators, if i could get it. The tenth section
declares:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he is hereby,
authorized, when, in his judgment, the public interest will
be best piomotcd thereby, to employ m all proceedings or
suits arising under the revenue or other laws relating to the
Treasury Department, and m which the United States, or
any otficenhereof, is or shall be a party, such attorneys and
agents* as he may think pioper, and for the sale or other dis-
position of the land* and other property aequued by the Uni-
ted States in the collection of d.'bts, and to allow to such
attorneys and agents Mich compensation tor their
as may be agreed upon. All Mvh agreements shall be ir>
writing, and shall Mate the probable value of the propeity
In controversy, fhenature of the services to be rendered, and
the compensation allowed.
Now, there are scattered ail over these United
States—there are in my State—-judgments against
public officers which are under the control of the
Treasury Department, and lands have been taken
under these judgments. There are thousands of
acres in the State of Illinois so taken. This bill
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to em-
ploy at will attorneys and agents, and agree to
pay them such price as he shall think proper. I
do not doubt that the present Secretary of the
Treasury would exercise this powera^Jie thought
best for the public interests; but is not this a dan-
gerous power to place in the hands of a Secretary
of the Treasury? Would it not allow him to em-
ploy his agents and friends all over these United
States? We have di&tiict attorneys appointed by
the Government, to attend to the business of the
Government, in every judicial district throughout
the country. Another thing that seems to me ob-
jectionable in this bill is, that it places these dis-
trict attorneys under the control of the Solicitor
of the Treasury; it brings them under the Treas-
ury Department. Now, sir, we have a separate
Department of this Government under the control
of the Attorney General; and we have these dis-
trict attorneys on purpose to attend to the litiga-
tion of the United States throughout all the United
States; but here is a law that authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to employ whomsoever he
pleases.
Let me call attention to the latter part of sec-
tion two; and I do hope I may get the attention
of Senators to this subject, £ am not making a
speech, but simply calling the attention of Sen-
ators to what is in this bill. It will be observed
that section two authorizes the Solicitor of the
Treasury, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to take cognizance of all frauds or
attempted frauds upon the revenue, and to exer-
cise a general supervision over the measures for
their prevention and detection, and for the pros-
ecution of persons charged with their commis-
sion. It makes it the duty of the Solicitor of the
Treasury to take charge of criminal prosecutions
against persons who violate the laws of the coun-
try in regard to the revenue interest of the district
attorneys. Then it proceeds:
And for the purpose of enabling the Solicitor of the
Tiea^ury to perform the duties hereby enjoined upon him,
the Secretary of the Treasury is herebv authorized to em-
ploy not more than three clerks or assistants, in addition to
those now assigned to the office of the Solicitorby law, for
such time and at such rates of compensation as he may
deem for the public interest, and prescribe the compensa-
tion to be allowed to such cleiksor assistants, not exceed-
ing to the clerks the amount now allowed to cleiks of like
class, or to the assistants the amounts now allowed to spe-
cial agents charged with like duties.
I should like to know what that amount is, if
the chairman of the committee will state it, which
the Secretary may allow to the assistants who shall
be employed to prosecute these men. What is the
amount now allowed by law to " special agents
charged with like duties?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. What part of the bill is
that in ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the twenty-fust and
twenty-second lines of the first section. I ask for
information, what amount is allowed to spccial
agents of the Treasury charged with like duties?
Then it proceeds:
And said compensation shall be paid in the same manner
as other expenses of collecting the revenue.
Then follows what I will now read to the Senate:
And there shall be allowed and paid to said Solicitor one
fourth of one per cent, upon all moneys hereafter collected
or leahzed and paid into the TreaMiry, or distributed upon
any judgment or decree heretofore jendered in lavor of the
United States, or in any suit or proceeding now pending,
or which shall hereaiter be commenced, in which the Uni-
ted States is a pai ty, or for any penalty or forfeiture arising
from any violation of the revenue laws.
Now, we have a Solicitor of the Treasury paid
an annual salary of, I think, $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty-five hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 0f$3,500. This proposes
to give to that Solicitor of t Uq Treasury, in addition
to his annual salary of $3,500, one fourth of one
pur cent, on all the money hereafter collected; and
it gives him that percentage on the amount which
has heretofore been collected and paid into the
Tieasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; only when paid
on judgments or ticereeM heretofore rendered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, on judgments or de-
crees heretofore lendered in favor of the United
States he is to have in addition to his salary the
one fourth of one per cent. I do not know how
much that will amount to. 1 am speaking very
much at random; and I do not want to make any
opposition to the bill any further then to call at-
tention to it, and have these provisions considered
by the Senate. They strike me as provisions to
which just exception may be taken on this ground,
that they leave to the Secretary of the Treasury
and to the Solicitor too much discretion; that it is
dangerous to leave so great a discretion to these
officers. 1 will move, in order to have the ques-
tion before the Senate, to strike out. all of the sec-
ond section from the twenty-third line to the end
of the section, which allows to the Solicitor of the
Treasury one fourth of one per cent, on these col-
lections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The woids to be
stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
And there shall be allowed and paid to said Solicitor one
foui'h ot one per cent, upon all moneys he eafter collected
or realize d and paid into the Trea-uty, or distributed upon
anv judgment or decree heretofore rendered in favor of the
United vStates, or in any suitor proceeding now pending,
or which shall hereafter be commenced, in which the Uni-
ted States is a party, or tor any penalty orforfeiture arising
from any violation of the revenue laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before proceeding to the
consideration of that question, with the consent
of the Senate I will state that it has been under-
stood on both sides of the Chamber that we should
take a recess at half past four © 'clock; and I make
that motion now, thatathalf past four oYlock the
Senate take a recess until half past six o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I do notthinkourexperience
of evening sessions is such as to encourage us in
continuing them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us try it.
Mr. SUMNER. We tried it at the last session
without any good results. Why not sit on until
eight or nine o'clock?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Simply because we con-
sulted upon the mode of finishing up the business
of the session, and agreed to try this first. Sen-
ators have all been notified of it. We can but
try it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have no objec-
tion. I only give my testimony from my expe-
rience in this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was somewhat against
my judgment, but I see no objection to trying it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Maine to change his motion so as
to make it from five to seven o'clock. I know
that some Senators dine at six, and it would suit
them better from five to seven than from half past
four to half past six. It makes no difference to
me, but n is suggested to me that there are some
Senators whose dining hour is six.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The usual dining hour
of most Senators is five o'clock, and that would
suit the great majouty of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it wiil, I have no ob-
jection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved by the
Senator from Maine that at half past four o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past six o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want to have a short
executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to go on
with tins bill and finish it.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
this clause, which the Senator from Illinois pro-
poses to strike out, and to ask him what object
he has in view in incorporating so strange a clause
in the act. Whygive to the Solicitorof the Treas-
ury this unusual compensation?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not the slightest
objection in the world, if Senators prefer it, to
strike out that clause. It will amount to but very
little. I do not know but it would be better to
strike it out. It 1ms taken a year to investigate
this subject, and the result is the bill now before
the Senate. There have been immense frauds in
the revenue in our principal cities, more espe-
cially in the city of-New York; and if gentlemen
will refer to the reportof the Solicitor o£tl>e Treas-
ury which has been printed and placed on our
tables this morning, they will see that it has been
almost impossible to provide any mode in which
they could be ferreted out and prevented. Gen-
tlemen have been abroad for that purpose and in-
vestigated the subject there, and the result of their
investigations is the first section of the bill. This
is an exceedingly important matter. It was drawn
with great care by the Solicitor of the Treasury
on consultation with the coiiectorand ex-collector
of the city of New York, both experienced men,
and with leading merchants in the city of New
York; and since that it has been revised here by
gentlemen whom I need not name, but who are
acquainted with such matters, with reference to
trade, and it has taken the shape in which it now
is. It is supposed to be as perfect as it can be
made, and jn connection with some other succeed-
ing sections it is hoped will have a vry import-
ant influence in preventing frauds. I think it is
universally conceded to be operative and valuable.
It was thought best, not that the Solicitor of the
Treasury should be the prosecuting officer, but
that he should have the supervision of the pros-
ecuting officer. There must be somebody with
whom the distiict attorneys can consult with ref-
|i erence to these revenue matters, and under whose
jj direction the suits may proceed. He simply has
|| the supervision. It is better that he should de-
ll cide these questions than that they should decide
jj them, because they are affected by local influences
in many cases. It was thought wise that an offi-
cer at a distance, who could give his time and at-
tention to the subject, and was familiar with it,
should have the supervision, and the Solicitor of
the Treasury seems to be the proper person to
exercise it. He has always had much to do with
