906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tered is no fault of his. He took the field immedi-
ately on being called, and was killed in battle, and
his widow, the committee thought, was clearly
entitled to the benefit of the law. The bill is a very
short one, and can be disposed of in a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No,
514) for the relief of Elizabeth M. Baxter, widow
of the late Robert Baxter, second lieutenant in the
tenth regimentof Minnesota volunteers, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Elizabeth M.
Baxter,of the city of Saint Paul, widow of Sec-
ond Lieutenant Robert Baxter, of the tenth regi-
ment of Minnesota volunteers, 011 the pension roll,
at the rate of fifteen dollars a month from the 2d
of September, 1862, for and during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; it was read
the third time, and passed.
COLLECTION Off THE REVLSUJ5.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 506)
to prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue, to
provide for the more certain and speedy collection
of claims in favor of the United States, and for
other purposes; the question pending: being on the
amendment of Mr. Trumbull, to strike out the
clause of the second secLion allowing a compen-
sation of one fourth of one per cent, of all moneys
collected from judgments or decrees m cases aiis-
ing under the revenue laws, to the Solicitor of the
Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the comnut'eo if a iy not prac-
ticable to fix the amount of the salai ies in that sec-
tion. It now reads, " not exceeding to the clerks
the amount now allowed to clerks of like class, or
to the assistants the amounts now allowed to spe-
cial agents chared with like duties,and said com-
pensation shall be paid in the same manner as
othcrexpenses of collecting the revenue." I do not
know what is allowed to " special agents charged
with like duties," or whether they have any sal-
aries, or whether the whole thing is not left to the
discretion of the Secretary. I should like to be
informed what the usual amount is that is paid to
these agents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter with regard
to the assistants escaped my attention. In regard
to the clerks, I suppose it was intended to leave
to the Secretary of the Treasury the power to ap-
point such cleiks as he might think necessary; it
does not exceed three in number.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But they belong to a par-
ticular class whose salary is fixed.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I did not notice that
phraseology in regard to assistants; and 1 cannot
tell the Senator what this allows; but my idea is j
that the language " three clerks or assistants" |
does not mean two different classes of officers.
Mr. SUMNER. it would seem, therefore,
a3 if " assistants" was a sort of equivalent for
" clerks," and they will probably be in the same
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose so.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. If it means the same tiling,
why not strike out " or assistants?"
Mr. FEbSENDEN. Thramount paid tospe-
ci<U agents, according to my recollection, is Si,500.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Clerks of one of the classes
are allowed §1,800; so that there is no use of these
woids. In the fifteenth line, I move to strike out
the words " or assistants, "and then strike out all
after the woid ''class" in the twentieth line of the '
second section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thu amendment
Will be read.
The Secretary. It is moved, in section two,
page /, lines fifteen and nineteen, to strike out the
words " or assistants;" and in line twenty, after
the word " class," to strike out " or to the assist-
ants the amounts now allowed to special agents
charged with like duties; and said compensation
. , , Pai" 111 the some manner as other expenses
of collecting the tevenue,"
<1 ^r' *,^ENDEN. The words after the word
duties should not be stricken out.
Mr. 1RU.VIBULL. I will modify it sons to
ieave in the pioposttion to pay them as other rev-
ewue ( xpciises, if that is necessaiy.
February 12,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Strike out the words " to
the clerks," in the nineteenth line, so as to read:
The ccmipcupation to be allowed to such clerks not ex-
ceeding the amount now allowed to clerks of like class t and
such compensation shall be paid, &c.
That will make it correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois so modify his amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the tenth
section.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows;
Pec. 10. *%nd be it farther enacted) That the Secretary
of the Treasuiy he, and ho hereby, authorized, when, m
his judgment, the public interest will be best promoted
thereby, to employ in ail proceedings or suits arising under
the revenue or other laws relating to the Trea-urj Depart-
ment, and in which the United States oi anv officer there-
of is or shall be a party, such attorneys and agents as he
may think pioper. and for the Kile or other disposition of
the lands nnd othei property acquired by the United States
in the collection of debts., and to allow to such attorneys
and a«?put« such compensation for their services as may be
agteed upon. All such <u*icements shall be in writing, and
shall state the probable value of the pioperty in contioverly,
the nature of the seivices to be rendered, and the compen-
sation allowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
that last clause does not sufficiently guard it from
any danger of abuse. I think the power to some
extent is necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. Should any extraoidinnry ex-
igency arise where additional counsel may be re-
quired, 1 think the Secretary of the Treasury has
power to employ them now. At any rate, it has
been exercised for the last twenty-five years. This
section gives to the Secretary the power to select
as many attorneys as he pleases all over the Uni-
ted States, wherever we have a custom-house or
a custom-house officerofany description,or atax
collector or a tax assessor, provided any of these
parties shall come in conflict with a private indi-
vidual, and a suit shall be instituted. They are
to he appointed, not by the President of the United
Stales, they are not to be confirmed by the Senate
of the United States, but the whole power and
control over them is vested in the Secretary of the
1 reasury. That is not a power that I am prepared
to grant to anybody at this time. The clause to
winch the Senator from Maine calls my attention,
that which provides that the agreement between
the Secretary and these attorneys whom he may
select and employ over the United States shall be
in Wilting, is no check upon it. Itmerelyrequires
that the contract which shall be entered into be-
tween them, defining the compensation and the
duties that are required, shall be reduced to writ-
ing; that is all.
Then take this section in connection with the
eleventh section, and see what will be the power
that will be conferred on these attorneys that are
appointed by the Secretary without any assent on \
the part of the Senate and without the knowledge '
of the President of the United States. ° .
Sec. 11. Jimlbe ilfmther enabled, That upon a report
by a district attorney, oi any special attoinevor ascnt ]inv •
ing chiirae of any claim in favor ot the United States, show- '
nig ill detail tile condition of such claim, and the telnis '
upon winch tile bainc niriy 11c coinpinjuised, and lecom-
uiending that tiie same be compiomised upon the tr-imsso
offered, and upon the recommendation of the Solicitor of
tiie Ticasury, the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie is
hereby, authorized to compromise such claim arcoidmgiy.
It leaves the whole disposition of any question
that may arise in the liandsof these attorneys who
may be selected by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, provided they shall make such a report as
shall meet the acceptance of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, who acts under the Secretary of the
Treasury, and of the Secretary of the Treasuiy
himself. I do not think it is a safe power to lodge
anywhere,
Mr. FEsbENDEN. Section eleven merely au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the
report of the district attorney, or any special at-
torney, approved by the Solicitor of the Treasury,
to compromise a claim. There arc three several
officers to act upon it. There must be a power
to compromise claims somewhere. You cannot
bring every one of them to Congress. That is out
of the question. There are a great many claims
in favor of the United States which are like claims
in favor of individuals, better compromised than
left to stand; because it was a remark made by one i
of the shrewdest merchants I ever knew in our 1
section of the country, that if a man who failed
i offered him anything, he always took his first
i offer; because, said he, you never get so good an
I offer afterwords, and he will live out of what he
has in his hands as long as you put off compro-
mising. I think it is so in a great degree with
claims in favor of the United States. There is
no power to compromise them now, and they lie
foryeais. Here are three officers: first, the dis-
trict attorney, or the special agent, if we have one;
then his recommendation has to be approved by
the Solicitor of the Treasury; and third, by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I see no possible way
m which it could be fixed better, if you ailow a
compromise at all; and this shadowy idea of dan-
ger to the Government from compromising its old
j debts through three successive steps strikes me
a& rather imaginary; but, so far as these special
agencies are concerned,I explained this morning
what is the object of them. There are a great
jl many things that the district attorney cannot pos-
!! sibly attend to. He cannot go in person to attend
to them, because the expense of his travel would
be more probably than you would have to pay to
an agenton the spot. Agreat many pieces of prop-
erty are to be sold. If the district attorney, or a
special agent, went from here, the expenses would
: eat up the whole thing. Where every agreement
;! ot that sort is made in writing, and the compen-
j| sation must be stated in writing, and put on file,
II it strikes me that there is no great danger about
!j it. 1 certainly shall not risk my bill upon any
jt such thing; but if seems to me that the danger is
'j imaginary, and that the good may be very con-
'! siderable.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
i the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
I Grimes,] to strike out the tenth section.
! The amendment was agreed to.
! _ Mr. TRUMBULL. In th e ninth section there
is a provision for lenting unproductive property.
I do not think anything will ever be realized by
renting property on the part of the Government.
We have had some experience in regard to such
leases in my State. The United States undertook
for a long time to lease the lead mines, and those
leases led to a great deal of trouble and difficulty,
and even litigation grew out of them. I have not
the means now of referring to documents to see
whether anything was ever realized from them or
not; but 1 know u was a source of a great deal of
trouble, and 1 do not believe the* Government of
the United States will ever realize anything from
renting unproductive lands. I would just as soon
sell them at once.
Mi. FESSENDEN The language is "unpro-
ductive lands and other property of the United
States, acquired under judicial proceedings or
otherwise m the collection of debts." The rent-
ing undoubtedly refers to "other property."
Mr. TRUM&ULL. Does the Senator thyik
the word "unproductive" is not intended to ap-
! ply to other property?
j Mr. FESSENDEN. We may rent occasion-
! ally property that we cannot sell, and something
j may be got out of it by renting. There is cer-
1 tamly no very groat danger to the Government,
i Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a very poor business,
I assure the Senator, for the Government of the
United States to undertake to lease property; and
if he has known any instance where the Govern-
ment has made anything out of that operation, he
knows more than I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My vision does not ex-
tend over the whole country; but I suppose the
Secretary of the Treasury is bound to look at the
\v hole, and he means something by this provision.
Undoubtedly there are cases where it is thought
that it would be beneficial, or the provision would
not be here. There is no possible danger to be
apprehended, I think, fiom granting the power,
and I see no objection to the provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a poor business.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred m.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made some suggestions
in regard to the twelfth section. It seems to me
that this percentage of two percent, to the district
attorney ought not to be allowed; and I think the
very instance given of the district attorney in New
York shows the impropriety of allowing it. He
has a salary, fixed by a special act passed during
the presentCongress, of$6,000 a year. He is also
allowed for the expenses of his office. He has
