1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
three brigades should constitute a division. Now,
sir, does not the country know that we have not
to-day eight hundred thousand effective men in
the field? I will notsay how many I believe there
are; I have no! sufficient information to speak with
certainty; but the Senator has enabled us to-day
to come very near it. He tells us that the army
of the Potomac originally consisted of over three
hundred regiments. It numbers actually one hun-
dred thousand men, as I understand him to-day,
which would be really but one hundred full regi-
ments; and that army of the Potomac only le-
quires, according to the actual law, twenty-five
biigadiera. How many hasit? According to the
law as it exists—and no one, as I understand,
thinks it would be right and proper to change the
number constituting a regiment or brigade—that
army only requires to-day eight major generals.
Now, sir, if we have not more than eight hundred
thousand in the field to-day in effective service re-
quiring brigadier generals, the present law author-
izes a sufficient number to command them; for by
the present law two hundred brigadier generals are
authorized, and four regiments for a biigadier's
command, counting them ata thousand each, give
you eight hundred thousand men. We know that
a large proportion of our Army is not only inef-
fective from disease, but that it requires a large
number of troops to guard the various railroad
lines in the country. Is it necessary to have brig-
adier generals and major generals over those men?
Can notthis guard duty be as well discharged under
a colonel as it can under a major general? But
what have we seen in this war ? We have had too
many of these officers already, if we arc to be-
lieve what is thrust before us every day; and by
increasmgthe numberyou butadd to the jealousies
that are constantly thrown in the way, and fre-
quently, in my humble opinion, bring disaster to
our arms. *
There are other considerations. I know the
pressure that is probably upon the Secretary of
War; I know the pressure that is upon the Exec-
utive; I know the pressure that is upon Senators
in relation to theseappointments, for I have felt it.
There is not a loyal State to-day that has not nu-
merous candidates for these positions, and by in-
creasing the number seventy or one hundred, or
if you were to increase them to seven hundred,
you would not get rid of this pressure, but on the
contrary it would be doubled-and redoubled and
quadrupled upon you,
I do not think it is policy, if we desire success,
to authorize an increase in the number of these
officers for the purpose of taking them from men
who have not won the promotion in the field. Sir,
the case of General Rosccrans was referred to the
other day. He deserves to be a major general;
he ought to have been made a major gt>ne,ral long
before he was nominated by the President for that
position; he iiad earned it by his services to his
country; but there is no necessity for authorizing
by law an increase in the number of generals that
General Rosecrans may may be promoted. There
are vacancies that have been caused by major gen-
erals even having been dismissed from the ser-
vice. The number has been thus diminished as
they existed heretofore.
But, then, in another point of view, why add to
these expenditures now? There might be some
reason for increasing the number of these officers,
if we stopped the pay of all those men who are
drawing their thousands annually from the Treas-
ury and are not rendering a particle of service.
How many brigadiers are there now who are not
in the field? How many major geueials without
commands as well as brigadiers without brigades ?
Several have been named in this discussion. So
plenty are the brigadiers that a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs, who is presumed
to be advised on this subject, the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith,] the other day said this
city was so filled with tjiein that, in throwing a
stone at a dog, some one had knocked down two
of them; and it was not a good night for briga-
dieis (fither. [Laughter.] Sir, I move that tins
bill be laid on the table. Let it lie there until
we can at least act upon the biU offered by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lake,] for which I
am anxious to vote, stopping the pay uf the men
who are doing nothing; and then to that extent
1 am willing that you shall increase the number
of officers who shall go into active service. Af-
ter we have increased our Army; after we have
more than eight hundred thousand men in the
field 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark, in
the chair.) Does the Senator move to lay the bill
on the table ?
Mr. C ARLILE. I give notice that I shall make
that motion. I will relieve the Chair directly of
any further remark. After we have increased our
Army, after a necessity shall exist for these gen-
erals to command it, when they are not wanting
to draw salaries and sit in easy chairs attending
to a brigade or a division, watching a raihoad
line or traveling through the country—when that
time comes, we may probably have those who
will have have earned their right to this promo-
tion ; and then it will be time enough for Congress
to authorize an increase'of the number. 1 now
submit the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator will withdraw it to enable me to make a
remark.
Mr. CARLILE. I will withdraw it until the
Senator gets through.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. TheSenator
from Virginia closes his remarks by saying that
when officers have earned promotion they have a
right to receive it. If the Senator will glance over
the list that has been sent into the Senate of forty-
eight major generals and one hundred and fifty-
four brigadiers, he will find that with the excep-
tion of some three or four men, they are all officers
in the field, and a large portion of them have been
nominated on the recommendations of their com-
manders for good conduct and gallant services in
the field. Nearly all of these officers have been
recommended and proposed by their commanders
for promotion. The candidates for brigadiers are
nearly all colonels. If you look over the list of
major generals, you will see that a large portion
of them are men who have the confidence of the
country, and who havQ won that confidence by
service m the field. I do not stand here to praise
military men seeking promotion who have not
earned it; but, sir, I do not think the officers who
aie in the field battling for their country deserve
to be treated in the Senate in this careless manner.
The largest portion of the generals who are in the
volunteer service have served the country with
fidelity and ability. Surely we should not be un-
just to the officers or soldiers of the Republic.
The Senator from Virginia makes mathematical
calculations which are fallacious Sir, when we
brought the new regiments into the field, with
ranks full, containing one thousand and forty men
each, and organized them into brigades and divis-
ions in the East and the West, nobody supposed
that those regiments could pass along for eighteen
months,through sunshine and storm, through bat-
tle and disease, and not have their ranks broken
and thinned; they have been broken and thinned
by the bullets of the rebels, and by the fatal dis-
eases of the camp.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I hope he does not undeistand
me to object to the filling up of those regiments
with privates. I want the ranks of those regiments
full. It takes no more officers to conimand a regi-
ment of a thousand men than it does to command
a regiment of a hundred men.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not mis-
understand the Senator; but let him reflect for a
moment on the subject. Regiments brought from
various parts of the country to the city of Washing-
ton are organized into a brigade. That biigade
contains four thousand men. Three of thos-o bri-
gades are put into a division, and with them three
batteries and a regiment of cavalry. They are sent
into the field. After twelve oi eighteen months that
division is battle-scarred and torn; its ranks are
thinned. General Hooker organized adivisionof
the A rmy ;and a year ago ho was with that division
down on the banks of the Potomac,and thatdivis-
ion contained twelve thousand men. In March
last he went down to the peninsula. He returned
from the last battles around Manassas with that
old division of his, having passed through ten or
twelve actions, and he brought back of tliatchvis-
ion of twelve or thirteen thousand men but two
thousand thr->< hundred. Those two thousand
tluee hundred men were all that were left around
their colors in that division of three brigades after
a campaign of six months. Theie was a division
consisting of three bngades with barely enough
liven to make a couple of full regiment*. What
would the Senator do in that case? Breakuptl$
division, break up all the brigades, consolidate
the whole of them ? It will not do to assume this
position as a basis of correct calculation.
We have in the army of the Potomac, I am
sure, from two hundred and fifty to three hun-
dred regiments. We have, at any rate, eight
army corps. The commander-in-chief and nis
chief of staff are major generals. There arc eight
major generals commanding the army corps.
There are ten major generals. There are twen-
ty-four divisions in that army besides the cavalry
divisions; and it is intended that these divisions
should be commanded by major generals. You
have not enough major generals in your Army
confirmed by the Senate to officer the army of the
Potomac alone, according to law and regulation.
Mr. WALL. I should like to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts one question, with his per-
mission. How many major generals are there
now under pay who are not actually serving in
the field ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will en-
deavor to answer the question of the Senator from
New Jersey. I know there are too many of them.
Mr. POWELL. Give us their names, if you
please.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have here
a list of major and brigadier generals who are not
assigned to any actual command, and the length
of time since they weie engaged in actual service.
Thus is a report made to us by the Secretary of
War on the 23d of January last. General McClel-
lan. General Fremont, General McDowell, Gen-
eral Buoll, General Clay, are major generals who
are not in service. The other major generals are
all in service in some capacity.
Mr. GRIMES. There are twelve vacancies,!
understand, besides these major generals.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There are
twenty-seven major gcneials confirmed, and five
unemployed, which leaves twenty-two major gen-
erals, who arc confirmed, in the service. There
are forty-eight major generals sent in here uncon-
firmed. I will give the number of brigadier gen-
erals who are out of employment entirely. Gen-
eral Andrew Porter, General Harney, General
Anderson, General Stone, General McCall, Gen-
eral Blenker, General Shields, General Marcy,
General Crittenden, Geneial Turclun, General
Crawford. Geneial Crawford was wounded at
Antietam, and I think he will thij very week
enter the service again.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. General Crittenden is
aUo in service.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
General Crittenden is also now in the service. He
was captured, and exchanged.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will permit me, I wish to make an
inquiry in refeience to one of the names he has
just passed over. 1 see the name of General Tur-
chm is on the list. As I understand, he was court-
maitialed and dismissed the service while a col-
onel. Does he stand upon the list with this im-
peachment of the court-martial hanging over him?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The state-
ment against htm is this: "not [m service] since
appointed as brigadier general, July 17, 1862."
He has not been in service since he was appointed.
I think the facts in regard to him were theae:
while his name was before the Senate he wa%
tried by a court-martial, and, I think, was con-
victed. At any rate, he lias never been in service
since.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I only wished to ascer-
tain from the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs whether his name still remained on
the roll as a general while the finding of that court-
martial was accessible to the War Department.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Secre-
taiy of War maiks against his name that he has
not been in service since the day he was con-
firmed.
Mr. POWELL If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that this man Turehin was appointed
a brigadier general after all the facts in regard to
his robbery and thieving weie known to the coun-
try, and published m the papers throughout the
whole Union.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Not after his trial and
conviction.
Mr. POWELL. But he was appointed after
the facts were ail published in the papers.
