i . S. =
ly
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
*&Ye lawyers to examine this question and to give us
their opinions. If we have the power to do it  
Mr. CARLILE. I would ask the Senator if
we cannot do it under the "war power ?" [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Well, sir,
the war power is a comprehensive one, but I do
not think it covers the case of giving brevet rank;
and 1 doubt very much whether we can brevet
lieutenants, captains, majors, lieutenant colonels,
and colonels of volunteers.
Mr. COWAN. The brevet does not increase
the pay unless in certain cases, where the officer
is in the-sole command. As I understand it, it
costs nothing, and I think would be valuable.
Then why not confer it?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is a lawyer, and a good
one, and I should like his opinion on the subject;
for if we clearly have the power to give these bre-
vets lam in favor of making the experiment, and
ever have been; but has the President of the
United States the right to brevet a lieutenant or a
captain appointed by Governor Curtin ? Can the
President of the United States give that brevet
rank ? That is the question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The question is not a
new one, if the Senator from Massachusetts will
permit me to say a word on that subject. During
the progress of the Mexican war, the Govern-
ment conferred no brevet rank upon anybody
except in the regular Army. The reason I assign
for it was that there was-no law to authorize it.
I do not know any reason why we cannot confer
brevet rank upon volunteers as well as upon reg-
ulars. The whole proposition, I think, is stated
in this: it confers no rank; it gives the officer
brevetted no positioneven on a court-martial; it
gives him no additional pay. It is only a testi-
monial issued from the President m favor of good
conduct upon the battle-field. I do not know why
Congress may not authorize that testimonial. I
apprehend nobody will doubt that the President
would have the power to promote a volunteer
officer for gallant conduct in the field.
Mr. COWAN. The President, with the con-
sent and approbation of the Senate, could make a
lieutenant appointed by Governor Curtin a brig-
adier general.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. He has the
right to appoint brigadiers.
Mr. COWAN. And give him the salary. He
has the right to appoint brigadiers because it is so
declared in the law; and a law might, of course,
be framed to enable him to confer a brevet upon
any officer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is the very point
I desired to reach; but the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has reached it by a little shorter cut than
that by which I intended to arrive at it. I can
see no reason in the world why we may not pass
such a law. While I was in the service I would
rather have had brevet rank than actual promo-
tion. I should have prized it more. During the
progress of the Mexican war I received promo-
tion, promotion upon the field ; but there is no evi-
dence in the world except my say so for it. If I
had the evidence, by brevet rank, that I had
conducted myself creditably on the battle-field, it
would be something that I could point to, and that
my children could point to, and everybody could
point to. That is what makes the soldier; that is
what makes the officer; and I see no force in the
objection stated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Atfairs.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator will
permit me one moment: during the progress of
the Mexican war brevet ranks were conferred
upon regular officers alone, with one exception.
Colonel Davis, now the president of the southern
confederacy, was brevetted for gall .<try, and he
belonged to the volunteers. The question was
raised in the War Department, and they determ-
ined that they had the power to brevet volun-
teer officers: but a controversy arose from it, and 1
finally he did not accept tlw brevet rank. With 1
that exception, I think the Senator is correct. i
Mr. RICHARDSON. Probably tins is the fact j
in reference to that: Colonel Davis was made a
brigadier general by appointment from the Pres-
ident, then Mr. Polk.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is true; butprior
to that he had been brevetted for gallantry.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was not aware of that.
I knew he was made a brigadier general. I can
see no reason m the world why we may not pass
a law giving the President the power to say to a
soldier, if you please, in the ranks, a lieutenant,
a captain, a major, a lieutenant colonel, or colo-
nel: " upon a particular occasion you behaved so
gallantly that hereafter you shall be called gen-
eral," if he was a colonel, or a colonel, if a major.
It is a mere title. It confers no rank, no pay,'no
position whatever, and I do not see that there is
anything to prevent it.
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the Senator
whether a lieutenant brevetted as a captain when
in the command of a company does not rank oth -
ers, and whether, while performing the duties of
captain, he is not allowed to draw the pay of a
captain ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir.
Mr. RICE. Yon will find that is so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. While he is a lieuten-
ant, and performing the duties of a captain, there
is certain pay that attaches to the position. You
can obviate that difficulty by repealing that por-
tion of the law about receiving pay. There is no
difficulty on that point at all. You can confine
his pay down to his actual rank, and confer noth-
ing but the title.
Mr. RICE. You cannot his command.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir; you can his
command.
Mr. RICE. It is not so now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. AU you have to do is
to change the law in reference to that matter. Sir,
I am in favor of economy, and I am in favor of
conferring simply this title upon officers for gal-
lantry in the field, and making them fight just as
hard as I can to obtain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe there is no ques-
tion pending before the Senate in regard to bre-
vets. It will be time enough to decide whether
the President of the United States has the power
to change the relative position of officers ap-
pointed by the States when the proposition is
pending before the Senate. If the law was altered
so that the brevet did not mean anything, as sug-
gested by my colleague, unquestionably there
would be no doubt about the power to confer it;
but while the law stands as it does now, and
brevet rank does mean something, as the rules
and articles of war show, it is very questionable
whether Congress can interfere and change the
position of State officers—for that is what they
are—unless it takes them out from under the State
authority and makes them officers of the United
States, as it does when it makes them generals.
There is no analogy whatever between a brevet
colonel, a volunteer officer and a State officer, and
the appointment of a United States officer as a
general; but thnt is a question I do not propose
to discuss.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if it is not very common to put
a colonel who holds a commission under a State,
in command of a brigade.
i\Ir. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly he can ex-
ercise that authority, but he is still a colonel of a
State; and when the question of brevet comes up
we shall discuss that question. It is not now
pending, unless some one offers that proposition.
1 propose the following as an amendment to the
bill which is pending, to come in at the end of the
bill:
1'pyond which numhfr as authorized by this act and the
Inv/s'lirrfMn fieried to, no general shall be appointed in
any branch of the publie service.
I do not know that this amendment is necessary.
In my judgment it is not; it is rather the exclusion
of a conclusion; but as authority seems to be found
where it does not appear to me to exist, I think
k would be well to add such a clause that beyond
the number provided in this law and the laws that
aie referred to in this act, no general shall be ap-
pointed in any branch of the public service. That
will make a limit that will be understood. I think
that ought to be the construction of the law as it
if-, but I move for greater security the addition of
ti-ese words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to amend
the bnl, so that each State having fourteen regi-
ments m the field shall hav<' one major general.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Senator from Kaim*w:!! reduce his amend-
ment to writing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would not go to draw-
ing State lines about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We have fourteen
regiments in the field, and no major generals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two nominated.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No; only one nom-
inated. I should like to have a suggestion fiom
the chairman of the Military Committee if Kan-
sas is likely to get a major general.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator would not press such a motion as that, I think
it would be best; and in the next place, I am sure
the last man to come into the Senate and make
any complaint on local grounds is the Senator
from Kansas, for he and his State, I am sure,
have quite as much consideration in the Govern-
ment as any State and any Senator.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We have no major
geneiai.
Mr. FOSTER. Connecticut has no major gen-
eral, and we have more than twice the force in the
field that the State of Kansas lias.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to put an inquiry
to the Senator from Massachusetts. How many
brigadier generals lias Kansas?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do not raise these ques-
tions. It is of no sort of consequence.
Mr. POWELL. I move that this bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; we ought to get
through with something.
Mr. KING. Before that motion is put, I wish
to ask the Senate to consider the character of this
bill and its purpose. In the condition of the coun-
try, to whom are v/e to look for its security and
defense ? It is to the gallant men who have gone
into the field, and who are lying upon the ground,
and who are rising at the beat of the drum in the
morning, bravely enduring every difficulty and
trouble and hardship thatbefalls them. They have
not been so fortunate against the common enemy
as perhaps they might have been, if they had been
better directed; but this disposition to disparage, to
decry the volunteer force, or the men who are in the
field, is, I think, unsuitable to the condition of
things and unjust. Rank and promotion, next to
patriotism, is the great motive which induces the
soldier to go into the field. Thousands and tens
of thousands of the best young men in the country
have gone into the ranks without much chance
of promotion, and yet looking and hoping for it;
others have their commissions. The honor which
is in the promotion they may get is about all the
reward they expect for the hazard of their htes.
It is easy to sit here and talk about them. If there
arc shirkers among them, those who attempt to
escape their duty, they should be dealt with by
the Executive; they should be dismissed from the
service; but brave and good men who are ready,
according to theif* capacity, in any rank in this
Army, to peril their lives and to put themselves
to every species of hardship that men can under-
go in our defense, are entitled to some consider-
ation here other than the disposition to disparage
them and to talk about them as soliciting promo-
jj tion. One of our difficulties is the want of a bet-
| ter agreement among ourselves, and, perhaps more
| than all else, that distrust which is almost every-
j wh^re exhibited in the progress and direction of
affairs. There have been no more signal marks
j of that than in the action of this whole Senate,
| or nearly the whole of it, to-day, on this bill.
The construction which the executive d*part«
ment has given to the law of the land was tl at the
additional call of force authorized them to puc an
additional number of generals at its head, and they
have nominated some forty-eight major generals,
and over one hundred and fifty brigadier generals.
Are not these offieers entitled to some considera-
tion? Are their feelings not to be considered in
this matter? They have been put in these places,
;j perhaps,after competition. Many of them are as-
|j signed to commands. A good deal of derangement
! must result from a refusal to confirm a considera-
j ble portion of them. Under this consideration the
t Committee on Military Affairs, knowing the rigid
I sentiment that prevailed here, felt disposed to ic-
port in favor of authorizing the appointment of
an additional number of general officers; yet the
proposition is met in this way, with an effort to
disparage our military officers. I do not want to
find fault with the Senate nor withanybody. i am
I not one of those who believe that under any dis*
i parag^menls or discouragingcircumstancos what*
