XXX
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For a floating light, to take the place of one now
off Brandt Island, which is too much decayed
for repair --------
In South Carolina.
For a hght-hou^e on South Island, on the south-
ern edge of Winyavv entrance - - - -
For a Hirht-house at the entrance of Santee river -
For buoys in Bull's bay and Santee river -
For beacons to guide vessels over Charleston bar
In Georgia.
For placing a lantern, lamps, and reflectors, upon
the beacon already erected upon the " Oyster
beds" in Savannah river, and for a small house
for the keeper -------
For erecting a small tower and a keeper's house
upon the east end of Long Island, in said river,
also for a similar tower and house on the east
end of Fig Inland, in said river -
For a buoy at Sapeio Inlet -
In Florida.
For a light-house at Ca>y's Fori reef -
For a huht-hoi^e on E0anont key, at the entrance
of Tampa Roy -------
For a hcht-house at Cape Canaveral -
For a light-house at Cape St. George -
For a ii^ht-iiotise at Capo St Bias -
For a light-house at Key West, the old one having
been destroyed by a tornado -
For a buoy on " Rebecca shoal," about twenty
mites e;ist of Toitugas light -
Foi a screw pile huht-house on or near Sand
key, the light-house at that place having been
destroyed by a tornado -----
In Mississippi.
For a light-house on Merrill's shell bank -
For alight-house at Biloxi -
In Louisiana.
For a light-house ou tlie " Bon Fouca'1
For a light-house on South Chandeleur Island -
In Texas.
For the erection of a light-house on Galveston
Island - - - - -
For the erection of a iight-house on Matagorda
Island - -- -- -- -
For twenty wrought-iron buoys, to be placed in
the « aters ot Tex is - - -
hi Ohio.
For a heaeon-hght and pivp.irmff the head of the
pier <oi the-amc at Vernilhon river
For i{ h<{lu-hou->e on We-tein Sister Island, in
Lake Erie ------
In Illinois.
For a light-house at Chicago -
For a light-house at Lutlefort -
In Michigan.
For a hght-hnn^e at Monroe -
For a li^ht-hou-c at Clinton river -
For a light-house near Waugoshance - - -
For a hght-hou-e at Point au Barques, on the
westerly shore of Lake Huron, and at the mouth
of Saginaw bay ------
For a lighMiou«.*e at Pe Tour, where the river
Sault Ste. Marie empties into L.ike Huron
For a hiiht-houso at \\ into Fish Point, 011 Lake
Superior --------
Foi a light-hoiiM* m St. Joseph'-- - - - -
For a light-lioi  ?e at copper harbor, Fort Wilkin«,
Lake Supmior -------
In Wisconsin.
For a light-house at Southport -
For a light-hou-c at or near Tail Point, at the
moutifof Fox river ------
15,000 00
5,000 00
5,000 00
1,000 00
3,000 00
2,000 00
6,000 00
100 00
- 30,000 00
10,003 00
12,000 00
8,000 00
8,000 00
12,000 00
300 00
20,000 00
12,000 00
12,000 00
3,000 00
12,000 00
35,000 00
15,000 00
5,000 00
3.000 00
4j000 00
3,500 00
4.000 00
3,000 00
3,000 00
25,000 00
5,030 00
5,000 00
5.000 00
3.500 00
5,000 00
4,000 00
4.000 Of)
$:>jy,Kio oo
Jin act to amend an act entitled l(Jin act to provide
for the better organization of the department of
Indian affairsand an act entitled "An act to
regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers
approved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and for other purposes.
To enable the depaitment of Indian Affairs to
collect and digest ^urh statistics and materials
as may illustrate the history, the present con-
dition, and future prospects of the Indian tribes
of the United States - - -$5,000 00
For the piuebn^e ot presents for the Cumanche
arid other Indians of Texas and the south-
western prairies. pionn->ed them m eighteen
hundred and foity-^ix, and for the same object
the present yeai 20,000 00
For compensation of a special agent and two in-
teipietors for one \ear, to enanle the War De-
partment to keep up such a communication
with the said Indians as may be necessary
towards the preset vation of a good understand-
ing with them, and securing peace on the fron-
tier -------- - 3,650 00
To carry into effect the treaty with the Cumanche
and othei tribes of Indians - 10,000 00
To defray the expenses of the commission now
sitting under the tieatv between the United
State-, and the Cherokee Indians, of eighteen
hundred and Unity-five and six -
6,000 00
~5>44.G." 0 00
An act for the relief of Ray Toirtpkins and others,
the children and heirs-at'-law of the late Daniel
D. Tompkins.
To the children and heira of Daniel D. Tomp- '
kins, late governor of the State of New York,
deceased -------- 49,795 02
An act for the relief of John Stockton, late a lieu-
tenant in the army of the United States.
For the release of the judgment rendered in the
circuit court of the United States m the district
of Michigan, in the case of" the United States
of America veisus John Stockton," against the
said John Stockton ------ 707 55
An act for the relief of Harrison Whifson.
In full satisfaction of his claim against the United
-States for services rendered and supplies fur-
nished, while on the march to be mustered into
the United States service, the company of
Captain Cornelius Gilliam, of the Missouri vol-
unteers, that seived in Florida- - 200 00
An act for the relief of the administrators of Jo-
seph Edson, deceased, late marshal of-the district
of Vermont.
For the amount of fees due him on cettain exe-
cutions in favor of the United States, which
were executed by him while marshal afore-
said ; and which fees were charged by him m
his account, and disallowed by the accounting
officers of the Treasury Department - - 424 91
Jin net, for the relief of Bernard O^Neill.
In full compensation for the use of the Govern-
ment of his land since eighteen hundred and
twenty-seven, and for sand and for wood taken
therefrom for the use of the United States;
and in full for any other damages at any time
heretofore done to said lands by agents of the
United States ------- 2,000 00
An act for the relief of the leqal representatives of
John Lauson, deceased.
For services rendered as a private in the army of
the United States, from the first of May, eigh-
teen hundred and seventeen, to the thirtieth of
March, eighteen hundred and eighteen, the
time of the"death of the intestate - 55 00
Jin act for the relief of Josiith Haskell.
For his services on the Sandy Bav breakwater,
withm the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, 645 30
An act for the relief of Henry La Reintree,
For his services as interpieter - 300 00
An act for the relief af the representatives
of James H. Clark.
In full satisfaction for all his claims against the
Government to April one thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty, as exhibited in his statement
thereof, as a puiser in the navy - 3,050 94
An act for the relief of John Speakman.
In full compensation tor all losses he may have
sustained bv reason of any action of the Govern-
ment affecting his contract to line gunpowder
barrels with India rubber cloth, for the use of
the United States 741 60
An act for the relief of John O. Stewart and others.
For services whileempioyedin the years eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight, eighteen hundred and
thirtv-nine, and eighteen hundred and forty, to
watch the treasury building, and to build and
maintain fires m the rooms of the same - - 575 00
An act for the relief of .Tamps IT. Donley.
In full payment for his services, as acting carpen-
ter on boaidthe United States steamship Prince-
ton, from the eighth day of September, eighteen
hundred and forty-three, to the seventh day of
January, eighteen hunbred and forty-six - - 1,058 96
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
William Bunce, deceased.
In full for the damage sustained by the deceased
aforesaid, m the burning of his buildings on
Palm Island, Flonda, by the order of Brigadier
Geneial Armi-.tead, of the United States aimy, 1,000 00
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of
the late Joseph E. Primeau and Thomas J.
Chapman.
For spoliations committed on said firm by the
Yancton Indians of the Sioux tribe, in the latter
pari of the year eighteen hundred and thirty-
five ----
976 91
An act for the relief of Jacoh L. Vance.
For a horse lost in the year one thousand eight
hundred and thirteen, while m the seiviceof
the United States
For the use of his team of four horses and a
wagon, eighteen days, m the year eighteen hun-
dred and thirteen, which said team was em-
ployed in conveying flour to the army of the
United States -------
An act for the relief of Joshua Shaw.
As a full compensation for the past and future
use of his invention of percussion caps and
locks for small arms, and percussion locks and
wafer primers, to be applied to the firing of
$25,000 00
£104 00
An aci for the relief of Levis C. Sartori.
For his services as professor of mathematics on
board the United States frigate Constitution,
from the tenth dav of July, eighteen hundred
and thirty-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of April,
eighteen hundred and forlv-one - $1,011 87
An act for the relief cf Joseph Gideon.
For his services as an acting purser on board the
United States brig Porpoise, from the twenty-
seventh of Apnl to the thirtieth of November,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-five - 597 20
An act for the relief of Joseph Warren Newcomb.
The balance due and unpaid, under resolutions
of Congress of the first day of July, seventeen
hundred and eighty - - - ' - - - 8,32] 48
A resolution for lighting with gas the Capitol and
Capitol grounds.
For lighting up the Capitol and the Capitol
grounds with the solar gas light - - -$17,500 00
An act for the relief of James S. Conn-ay.
For the balance now owing by said Conway, in
virtue of a judgment heretofore obtained against
him iu the district court of the United States
for the district of Arkansas.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of .Tubus Eldi ed, Elisha Eldred,
and Francis E. 1Eldred for expenses andservices in
removing the copper rock from' LakeSuperior.
For their time, services, and expenses, in purchas-
ing and removing from the Ontonagon river of
Lake Superior to Detroit the xnass of native
copper, commonly called the copper rock, j
taken from said Eldred and sons, 111 eighteen
hundred and forty-three, by order of the Sec-
retary of War, and removed to the city of
Washington.—[Indefinite.]
An act to provide for the payment of any interest
falling due on the public debt.
To pay any interest falling due ot accruing on
any portion of the public debt authorized by }
law.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Hobson Johns.
For tobacco furnished the navy under his con-
tract with the department, in the jear eighteen
hundied and forty-five.—[Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Elijah White and others.
For the value of property forcibly taken from
them by the Pawnee Indians at or near the
head of Grand Island, on the Platte or Ne-
braska river ------- $1,081
An act for the relief of the Bank of Metropolis.  
For the sum and interest, in an action com-
menced by the United States, at the instance
of the Post Office Department, in the circuit
court of the District ofColumbia, for the county
of Washington, against the said bank, to recover
the amount of money therein on deposite at
the credit of the Treasurer of the United States,
for the service of said depaitment, and in which
action the said bank filed, by way of set-off,
certain demands arising from acceptances of
said department m favor of certain contractors,
discounted and h  ld by the bank, and protested
for non-payment; and also a certain demand
arising from an overdraft made on said bank
by the agent for disbursing tiie fund appro-
priated for the contingent expenses of said Post
Office Department, which w?s found bv the
jury, under instructions from the court, to be
due from the United States to the said bank - £5,192 73
For one acceptance in favoi of James Reoside,
contractor, dated seventeenth October, eighteen
hundred and thirty-five, at ninety days, for four
thousand five hundred dollars, with interest to
tenth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, and cost of protest -
For one acceptance in favor ot James Reeside,
contractor, dated twentieth October, eighteen
hundred and thirty-five, at ninety dav«, for one
thousand dollars, with interest to tenth of Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, and
cost of protests ------
For one acceptance in favor of James Reeside,
conti actor, dated twenty-third October, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-five, ft ninety days,
for four thousand five hundred dollars, with in-
terest to tenth October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, and eostof protest -
For one acceptance in favoi of James Reeside
contractor, rftited twenty-eighth October, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-five, at ninety-days,
for three thousand dollars, with interest'to
tenth Octobcr, eighteen hundied and thirty-
seven, and cost of protest - -
For one acceptance m favor of Edwin Porter,
dated twenty-fourth April, eighteen hundred
and thirty five, at ninety davs, for ten thousand
dollars, with interest to tenth October, eighteen
hundredand thirty-seven, and cost of protest -
Foi ovei draft of Edmund F Brown, agent for dis-
bursing the contingent fund of the"5Post Oilce
Department
- 4,966 75
- 1,105 25
4.969 75
3,321 25
11,350 08
611 52
§31,517 33
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of Simon
S.oovlding, deceased.
For the amount of final settlement certificate number one
hundred and sixty-seven, dated July twentv-ei^ht, seven-
teen hundred and eighty-three, issued to said Simon
hpanlding, for seven hundred and sixty doi'ars, together
with interest thereon from twenty-second Maich -even-
teen hundred and eighty-three.—[Indefinite ] ' -
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of Thomas
Shields, deceased.
For a pension up to the twentv-third of August, one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-two, in conformity with the
provisions of the act ofCongies-j approved on the third of
Mmeh, one thousand eight hundred and thirtv-seven, en-
titleil "An act for the moie equitable administration of the
navy pension fund.''—[Indefinite.]
Jin act for the relief of the assignees of the late Bank of Mex-
amh'ia.
1 To close the account against the said bank, it tm*tccs and
assignee*, upon the books of the Treasury Department.—
[Indefinite.]
Jin vet to provide for the final settlement of the account! of
John Spencer, late receiver of public moneys at Fori Wamie,
Indiana.
To audit and settle the accounts of John Spencer, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana, upon
principloa of equity and Justine.—[Indefinite.]
