THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR &
RIVES.
29th Coxgress,
2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1846.
New Series
 No. 1.
This is the first number of the Congressional
Globe for this session—the second of the 29th
Congress. Wcshall print several thousand surplus
copies, for the purpose of supplying thosewho may j
subscribe within a reasonable time—say by the
10th of January—with complete copies.
We will print the first number of the Appendix
early next week, and will also print several thou-
sand surplus copies of it, to supply ail who may
subscribe for it before the 10th of January with
complete files. The Appendix will be printed like
the Congressional Globe, and will contain the j
President's Message, the Reports of the Heads of !
the Executive Departments, and all the speeches '
made in both branches of Congress which the !
members write out or revise.
From Florida—David L. Yulee and James D.
Westcott.
Note.—'The names of fhf Democrats are in Roman, and
the names of the Whigs m Italic letteis.
ORD1ERS.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary acquaint the House
of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate
has assembled, and that the Senate is ready to
proceed to business.
On motion- of Mr. SEVIER, it was
Ordered^ That the daily hour of meeting be
twelve o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, joint-
ly with such committee as may be appointed by
the House of Representatives, to wait on the
Last session the Congressional -Globe and '! ^>res'^ent; °f lbe United States, and inform him
A ^ , ,i that quorums of the two Houses have assembled,
Appendix together made about 2,o00 pages, and j and that Congress are ready to receive any corn-
had to be bound in separate volumes. We sup- ;j munication he may be pleased to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER appointed Messrs.
pose that each at this session will make between :
600 and 800 pages, and together, between 1300 and |
1500, and may be bound in one volume. |
The pricc for this session is $1 for the Congres- !
sional Globe, and §1 for the Appendix; or $5
for six copies of either, and in like proportion for
a larger number.
TWENTY-NINTH CONGRESS,
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE
Monday, December 7, 1846.
In conformity with the Constitution, the Second
Session of the Twenty-ninth Congress commenced
this day.
The Senate was called to order at twelve o 'clock,
by its presiding officer, the Vice President of the
United States.
The following Senators were present, viz:
From Maine—George Evansmul John Fairfield. :
From jNf.w Hampshire—Charles G. Atherton ,
and Joseph Cillty. ,
From Vermont—William Uphnm and Samuel S. !
Plielps. \
From Massachusetts—Daniel We biter and John j
Darii. j
From Connecticut—Jabez W. Huntington. j]
from New York—John A. Dix and Daniel S. i;
Dickinson. ;i
.From New Jersey—Jacob W. Miller. ij
From Pennsylvania—Simon Cameron and I
Daniel Sturgeon. i
From Delaware—Thomas Clayton. I1
From Maryland—James Jl. Pierce and Reverdy |
Johnson. [ j
From Virginia-
S. Penny'lacker.
From North Carolina— Willie P. Mimgum.
From South Carolina—John C. Calhoun.
From Gfoiigia—Walter T. Colquitt.
From Alabama—Dixon H. Lewis and Arthur
P. Bagby.
From Mississippi-
Fiom Louisiana-
Johnson.
From Ohio—William Allen and Thomas Corn in.
Fiom Kentucky—James T. Morehead and John
J. Ci ittentlcn.
From Tennessee—Spencer Jarnagin and Hop-
, kins L. Turney.
From Illinois—James Semple and Sidney
Ereese.
From Missouri—'Thomas H. Penton and David
R. Atchison.
Prom Arkansas—Chester Ashley and Ambrose
H. Sevier.
Breese, Crittenden, and Fairfield, a commit-
tee on the part of the Senate ill accordance with
the foregoing resolution.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Resolved, That each Senator be,supplied, during
the present session, with newspapers as hereto-
fore, not exceeding the cost of three daily papers.
messages from the house.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by its Clerk, Benjamin B. French,
Esq., informing the Senate that the House ofRep-
|! resentatives had assembled, and was ready to pro-
ij ceed to business.
!; Also, a message informing- the Senate that the
i. House of Representatives had passed a resolution
|j that a committee be appointed, on the part of the
jl House, to join such committee as might he ap-
!; pointed on the part of the Senate, to wait upon the
! President of the United States, and inform him
that a quorum of the two Houses was assembled,
and that Congress was now ready to receive any
communication lie might be pleased to make, and
that Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Winthrop were ap-
pointed said committee on the part of the House.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. BREESE, on behalf of the committee on
the part of the Senate, appointed to wait upon the !
President of the United States, reported that the j
committee had performed the duty assigned to ,
them, and that the President had stated m reply
that he would send a communication to both j
Houses of Congress on to-morrow at twelve
o'clock. *
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
- WiUiani S. Jlrcher and Isaac '
-Jesse Speight.
-Jllexander Barrow and Henry
i* row Michigan— William Woodbridge and Lewis
Cass. °
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 7, 1846.
At twelve o'clock the Honorable John W. Davis,
of Indiana, Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, took the Chair and called the House to order.
The roll of the members was called over by B.
B. French, Esq., Cleik of the House, when the
following members answered to their names:
From the State of Maine—Messrs. Dunlap,
Hamlin, Sawtelle, Scammon, Severance, and Wil-
liams.
From the State of New Hampshire—Messrs.
Johnson, Moulton, and Norris.
From the Slate, of Massachusetts—Messrs.
M'oott, Jlshmnn, Griunell, Hudson, King, Rockwell,
Thompson, and Winthrop.
From the State of Rhode Island—Messrs.
nold and Cranston.
From the State of Connecticut—Messrs? Dixon
Hubbard, Rockwell, and Smith.
From the State of Vermont—Messrs. Collamer,
Dillingham, Foot, and Marih.
From the Stole of New York-
i! son, Benton, Campbell, Carrol.
-Messrs. Ander-
, Collin, Culver,
jj De Mott, Ellsworth, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover,
n Holmes,Hough, Hungerford, Hvnt, Jenkins, King,
j; Lawrence, Lewis, Maelay, Mii.i.kr, j\i
,:ven, Rath bun, Russell, Seaman, Smith, Strong,
< Wheaton, White, Woodruff, Wood worth, and
|| Wood.
. j From the Stale o'New Jersey—Messrs. Hamp-
ji Ion, Runk, and Wright.
From the State of Pennsylvania—Messrs.
Black, Blanchard, Brodhead, Bvffington, Da-n-agh,
Erdman, Garvin, C. J. Ingersoll, J. R. Ingersoll,
Leib, Levin, Mcllvaine, McClean, Pollock, Ram-
sey, Hitter, Stewart, Slrohm, and Yost.
From the State of Delaware-—Mr. Houston.
From the State of Maryland—Messrs. Chap-
man, Long, and Perry.
From the State of Virginia—Messrs. Atkinson,
Bayly, Brown, Chapman, Dromgoole, Hopkins,
Hunter, Johnson, Pendleton, Seddon, and Tread-
way.
From the Slate of North Carolina—Messrs.
Barringer, Biggs, Daniel, Dockery, Graham, Mc-
Kay, and Reid.
From the State of South Carolina—Messrs.
Black, Burt, ITolmes, Rhett, Simpson, and Wood-
ward.
From the State of, Georgia—Messrs. Cobb,
Haralson, Jones, King, Lumpkin, and Stephens.
From the State of Kentucky—Messrs. Boyd,
Davis, Grider, Martin, McHenry, T'aomasson, Tib-
batts, Trurnbo, and Young.
From the Stale of Tennessef.—Messrs. Brown,
Chase, Cocke, Crozier, Cullom, Gentry, Johnson,
Jones, Martin, and Stanton.
^ From the State of Ohio—Messrs. Brinkerhoff,
Cummins, Cunningham, Faran, Fries, Giddmgs,
Harper, McDowell, Morris, Perrill, Root, Sawyer,
Schenck, Starkweather, St. John, Thurman, Til-
den, Vance, and Vinton.
From the Stale of Louisiana—Messrs. Morse,
La Sere, and Thibodeavx.
From the State of Indiana-—Messrs. Cathcart,
Davis, Henley, Kennedy, McGaugkey, Owen,
Pcttit, Caleb B. Smith, Thomas Smith, and Wick.
From the State (/Mississippi—Messrs. Adams,
j Roberts, and Thompson.
! From the State of Illinois—Messrs. Douglass,
Ficklin, Hoge, MeClemand, Smith, ^nd Went-
worth.
From the Staie of Alabama—Messrs. Hilliard
and Payne.
From the Stale of Missouri—Messrs. Bowlin,
Phelps, Reife, and Sims.
From the Slate of Michigan—Messrs. Chip-
man, Hunt, and McCleliand. *
From the Stale of Texas—Mr. Pillsbury.
From Wisconsin—Mr. Martin, (Delegate.)
From Iowa—Mr. Dodge, (Delegate.) '
Note.—The names of the Democrats are in Roman, the
names of tits-; Wiiiss in Palic, owl the name? of tiie Native
Americans in capita i. letter?.
The roll having been colled through, the Speaker
announced that 162 members had answered to
their names.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of A. Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing
the House that a quorum of the Senq.ro had assem-
bled. and that that body was ready to proceed to
business.
Mr. PAINE, of Alabama, announced that his
colleagues, Mr. James L. Cottrell,y elected to fill
the vacancy occasioned bv the resignation of Wil-
liam L. \ ancey, and Franklin' W. Bowden,Ho
fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of Felix
G. McCu.nn^ll, were present.
Mr. JULIUS ROCKWELL, of Massachu-
setts, announced that his colleague, IVTr. Artkmas
Hale,! elected to represent the 9th district of that
State, was present.
_Mr. CULVER, of New York, announced that
his colleague, Mr. Thomas P. Ripley,j elected to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of Richard
P. Herrick, was present.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri , announced that his
colleague, Mr. William McDajjiel,*- elected to fill
fWliig.
