6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
" complaining that for that whole period citizens of
1 the United States, or its Government, have
4 been favoring the rebels of Texas, and supply-
4 ing them with vessels* ammunition, and money,
4 as if the war for the reduction of the prov-
* ince of Texas had been constantly prosecu-
* ted by Mexico, and her success prevented by
4 these influences from abroad." In the same de-
spatch, the Secretary of State affirms that " since
' 1837 the United States have regarded Texas as
4 an independent sovereignty, as much as Mexico;
4 and that trade and commerce with citizens of a
4 Government at war with Mexico cannot, on that
4 account, be regarded as an intercourse by which
* assistance and succor are §iven to Mexican
4 re!>e)s. The whole current of Mr. de Bocane-
4 gra's remaiks runs in the same diiection, as if the
4 independence of Texas had not been acknowl-
4 edged. It has been acknowledged—it was ac-
4 knowledged in 1837, against the remomti auce
4 arid piotes-t of Mexico, and most of the acts, of
'any importance, cf which Mr. de Bocane°ra
' complain*, fiojv necessarily from that recognition.
4 He speaks of Texas as still being 'an integral
* part of the territory of the Mexican republic;'
* hut lie cannot but understand that the United
4 States do not so regard it. £The real complaint
4 of Mexico, therefore, is, in substance, neither
4 more nor less than a complaint against the re-
4 cognition of Texan independence. It may be
4 thought rather late to repeat that complaint, and
1 not quite just to confine H to tne'Unued Stptes, to
* the exemption of England, France, and Belgium,
4 unless the United States, having been the first to
' acknowledge the independence of Mexico her-
4 self, ore to be blamed for setting on example
4 for the recognition of that of Texas."/ And he
added, that '* the Constitution, public treaties, and
4 the laws obliged the President to ivga-xl Texas
' as an independent .State, and its teniturv ps no
4 part of the territory of Mexico." Texas had
been an independent State, with an organized gov-
ernment, defying the power of Mexico to over-
throw or reconquer her, for more than ten years
before Mexico commenced the present war against
the United States. Texas had &iven such evi-
dence to the world of her ability to maintain her
separate existence as an independent nation, that
she had been formally recognised ns such, not
only by the United ^States, but by sever.-tl'of the
principal Powers of Europe. These Powers had
entered into treaties of amity, commerce and navi-
gation with her. They had received and accied-
ited her ministers and other diplomatic agents at
their respective courts, and they had commissioned
ministers and diplomatic agents on their part to
the Government of Texas. If Mexico, notwith-
standing all this, and her utter inability to .subdue
or reconquer Texas, ^till stubbornly refused to re-
cognise her as an independent nation, she was
none the less so on that account. Mexico herself
hod been recognised as an independent nation by
the United States and by other Powers many years
before Spain, of which, before her revolution, she
had been a colony, would a&ree to recognise her
as such, and yet .Mexico was at that time, in the
estimation of the civilized world, and in fact, none
thy less an independent power because Spain still
claimcd her as a colo.iy. If Spain had continued
until the present period to assert that Mexico was
one of her colonies, m tebeiiion against her, this
would not have made her so, or changed the fact
of her independent existence. Texas, at the pe-
riod of h<r annexation to the United States, bore
the same relation to Mexico that Mexico had
b' rne to S'pam for many years before Spain ac-
knowlc'sed her independence, with tins' impor-
tant dnierence, that before the annexation of Texas
to the U/nttd States was consummated, Mexico
herself, by a formal act of her Government, had
acknowledged the independence of Texas as a na-
tion. It is true that m the act of recognition she
prescribed a condition, which she Imd'no power
or authority to impose, that Texas should not an-
nex herself to any other Power; but this could not
detract in any degree from the recognition which
Mexico then _made of her actual independence.
Upon this plain statement of facts, it is absurd for
Mexico to allege as a pretext for commencing hos-
tilities against the United States that Texas is still
a part vf her territory.
. But there are those who, conceding all this to
be true, assume the ground that the true west-
ern boundary of Texas is the Nueces, instead of
the Rio Grande; and that, therefore, in march-
ing our army to the east bank of the latter river,
we passed the Texan line, and invaded the terri-
tory of Mexico. A simple statement of facts*
known to exist, will conclusively refute such an
assumption. Texas, as ceded to the United States
by France in 1803, has been always claimed as
extending west to the Rio Grande, or Rio Bravo.
This fact is established by the authority of our
most eminent statesmen at a period when the ques-
tion was as well if not better understood than it is
at present. During Mr. Jefferson's administration
Messrs. Monroe and" Pmckney, who had been
sent on a special mission to Madrid, charged,
t\mong other things, with the adjustment of bound-
ary between the two countries, in a note addressed
to the Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs, under
date of the twenty-eighth of January, 1805, assert
that the boundaries of Louisiana, as ceded to the
United States by France, "arc the river Perdido
on the east, and the river Bravo on the west;"
and they add, that " the facts and principles which
4 justify this conclusion are so satisfactory to our
* Government as to convince it that J.he United
'States have not abetter nght to tne island of
' New Orleans, under the cession leferrcd to, than
4 they have to the whole district of territory which
' is above described."
Down to the conclusion of the Florida treaty, in
February, 1S114, h\ winch this territory was ceded
fo Spain, the United States asserted and maintain-
ed their territor.al rights to this extent. In the
month of June, 1819, during Mr. Monroe's ad-
ministration, information having been received
that a number of fore gn adventurers had landed
at Galveston, with tne avowed purpose of forming
a settlement in that vicinity, a special messenger
was despatched by the Government of the United
States, with institutions from the Secietary of
State to warn them to desist, should they be found
there "or any other plate noith of the Rio Bravo,
4 and within the territory claimed by the United
'States." He was instructed, should they be
found in the country north of that river, to make
known to them 4'the surprise with which the
1 President has seen possession thus taken, without
1 authority from the United States, of a place within
4 their territorial limits, and upon which no lawful
4 settlement can be made without their sanction.."
He was instructed to call upon them to 44 avow
under what national authority they profess to act,"
and to give them due warning 44 that the place is
i within the United States, who will suffer no per-
4 ni3nent settlement to be made there, under any
4 authority other than their own." As late as the
8th of July, 1342, the Secretary of State of the
United States, in a note addressed to our Minister
in Mexico, maintains that, by the Florida treaty
of 1819, the territory as far west as the Rio Grande
was confirmed to Spain. In that note he states
that, " by the treaty of the 22d of February, 1819, !
' between the United States and Spain, the Sabine i
' was adopted as the line of boundary between the i
4 two Poweis. Up to that period, no considerable
' colonization had been effected in Texas; but the
' territory between the Sabine and the Rio Grande
' being confirmed to Spain by the treaty, applications
4 were made to that Power for grants of land, and
' such grants, or permissions of settlement, were in j
' fact made by the Spanish authorities in favor of
' citizens of the United States proposing to emigrate
{to Texas in numerous families, before thedeciara-
6 tion of independence by Mexico./'
The Texas which was ceded to Spain by the
Florida treaty of 1319, embraced all the country
now claimed by the State of Texas between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande. The republic of
Texas always claimed this river as her western
boundary, and in her treaty made with Santa
Ana, m May? 1336, he recognised it as such.
By the constitution which Texas adopted in
March, 1836, senatorial and representative dis-
tricts were organized, extending west of the Nue-
ces. The Congress of Texas, on the nineteenth
of December, 1836, passed 44 an act to define the
boundaries of the republic of Texas," in which
they declared the R;o Grande, from its mouth to
its source, to be their boundary, and by the said
act they extended their 44 civil and political juris-
diction" o\«r the country up to that boundary.
During a period of more than nine years, which
intervened between the adoption of her constitu-
tion and her annexation as one of the States of
our Union, Texas asserted and exercised many
acts of sovereignty and jurisdiction over the terri-
tory and inhabitants west of the Nueces. She
organize*! and defined the limits of counties ex-
tending to the Rio Grande. She established courts
of justice, and extended her judicial system over
the'territory. She established a,custom-house,
and collected ditties, and also post offices and post
roads, in it. She established a land office, and
issued numerous grants for land, within its limits,
A Senator and a Representative residing in it were
elected to the Congress of the republic, and served
as such before the act of annexation took place.
In both the Congress and Convention of Texasf
which gave their assent to the terms of annexation
to the United States, proposed by our Congress,
were representatives residing west of the Nueces,
who took part in the act of annexation itself.
This was Xhe Texas which, by the act of our Con-
gress of the twenty-ninth of December, 1845, was
admitted as one of the States of our Union. That
the Congress of the United States understood the
State of Texas which they admitted into the
Union to extend beyond the Nueces is apparent
from the fact, that on the thirty-first of December,
1845, only two days after the act of admission,
they passed a law 44 to establish a collection dis-
trict in the State of Texas,"by which they created
a port of delivery at Corpus Christi, situated west
of the Nueces, and being the same point at which
the Texas custom-house, under the laws of that
republic, had been located, and directed that a
surveyor to collect the revenue should be appoint-
ed for that port* by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. A surveyor
was accordingly nominated, and confirmed by the
Senate, and has been ever since in the performance
of his duties. All these acts of the republic of
Texas, and of our Congress, preceded the orders-
for the advance of our army to the east bank of the
Rio Grande. Subseouently, Congress passed an
net 4< establishing certain post routes," extending
west of the Nueces. The country west of that
river now constitutes a part of one of the Congres-
sional districts of Texas, and is represented in the
House of Representatives. The Senators from
that State were chosen by a Legislature in which
the country west of that river was represented.
In view of all these facts, it is difficult to conceive
upon what ground it can be maintained that, in
occupying the country west of the Nueces witji
our army, with a view solely to its security and
defence, we invaded the territory of Mexico. But
it would have been still more difficult to justify the
Executive, whose duty it is to see that the laws-
be faithfully executed, if in the face of all these
proceeding's, both of the Congress of Texas and
of the United States, he hod assumed the respon-
sibility of yielding up the territory west of the
Nueces to Mexico, or of refusing to protectant!
defend this territory and its inhabitants, including
Corpus Christi, as well ps the remainder of Texas*
against the threatened Mexican invasion.
But Mexico herself has never placed the war
which she has waged, upon the ground that our
army occupied the intermediate territory between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande. Her refuted pre-
tension that Texas was not in fact an independent
State, but a rebellious province, was obstinately
persevered in; and her avowed purpose in com-
mencing a war with the United States was to re-
conquer Texas, and to restore Mexican authority
over the whole territory—not to the Nueces only,
but to the Sabine. In view of the proclaimed
menaces of Mexico to this effect, I deemed- U my
duty, as a measure of precaution and defence, to
order our army to occupy a position on our fron-
tier as ajnilitary post, from which our troops
could best resist and repel any attempted invasion
which Mexico might moke.
Our army had occupied a position at Corpus
Christi, west of the Nueces, as eaily ns August,
1845, without complaint from any quarter. Had
the Nueces been regarded as the true western
boundary of Texas, that boundary had been pass-
ed by our arm}?' many months before it advanced
to the eastern bank of the Rio Grande. In my
annual message of December last I informed Con-
gress that, upon the invitation of both the Con-
gress and Convention of Texas, I had deemed it
proper to order a strong squadron to the coasts of
Mexico, and to concentrate an efficient military
force on the western frontier of Texas, to protect
and defend the inhabitants against the menaced in-
vasion of Mexico. In that message I informed
