1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress that the moment the terms of annexation
offered by the United States were accepted by-
Texas, the latter became so far a part of our own
country as to make it our duty to afford such pro-
tection and defence; and that for that purpose our
squadron had been ordered to the Gulf, and our
army to " take a position between the Nueces and
the Del Norte," or Rio Grande, and " to repel any
* invasion of the Texan territory which might be
' attempted by the Mexican forces."
It was deemed proper to issue this order, be-
cause, soon after the President of Texas, in April,
1845, had issued his proclamation convening the
Congress of that republic, for the purpose of sub-
mitting to that body the terms of annexation pro-
posed by the United States, the Government of
Mexico made serious threats of invading the Texan
territory.
These threats became more imposing as it be-
came more apparent, in the process of the ques-
tion, that the people of Texas would decide in fa-
vor of accepting the terms of annexation: and,
finally, they had assumed snch a formidable char-
acter, as induced both the Congress and Conven-
tion of Texas to request that a military force
should be sent by the United States into her terri-
tory for the purpose of protecting and defending
her against the threatened invasion. It would
have been a violation of good faith towards the
people of Texas to have refused to afford the aid
which they desired against a threatened invasion,
to which they had been exposed by their free de-
termination to annex themselves to our Union, in
compliance with the overture made to them by the
joint resolution of our Congress.
Accordingly, a portion of the army was ordered
to advance into Texas. Corpus Christi was the
position selected by General Taylor. He en-
camped at that place in August, 1845, and the
army remained in that position until the eleventh
of March, 1846, when it moved westward, and on
the twenty-eighth of that month reached the east
bank of the Rio Grande opposite to Matamoios.
This movement was made in pursuance of orders
from the War Department, issued on the thirteenth
of January, 1846. Before these orders were is-
sued, the despatch of our minister in Mexico, trans-
mitting the decision of the Council of Government
of Mexico, advising that he should not be received,
and also the despatch of our consul residing in the
city of Mexico—the former bearing date on the
seventeenth, and the latter on the eighteenth of
December, 1845, copies of both of which accompa-
nied my message to Congress of the eleventh of
May last—were received at the Department of
State. These communications rendered it highly
probable, if not absolutely certain, that our minis-
ter would not be received by the Government of
General Herrera. It was also well known that
but little hope could be entertained of a different
result from General Paredes, in case the revolu-
tionary movement which he was prosecuting should
prove successful, as was highly probable. The
partisans of Paredes, as our minister, in the de-
spatch referred to, states, breathed the fiercest hos-
tility against the United States, denounced the pro-
posed negotiation as treason, and openly called
upon the troops and the people to put down the
government of Herrera by force. The reconquest
of Texas, and war with the United States, were
openly threatened. These were the circumstances
existing, when it was deemed proper to order the
army under the command of General Taylor to
advance to the western frontier of Texas, and
occupy a position on or near the Rio Grande.
The apprehensions of a contemplated Mexican
Invasion Iiave been since fully justified by the
event. The determination of Mexico to rush into
hostilities with the United States was afterwards
•manifested from the whole tonor of the note of the
Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs to our min-
ister, bearing date on the twelfth of March, 1846.
Paredes had then revolutionized the Government,
and his minister, after referring to the resolution
for the annexation of Texas, which had been
adopted by our Congress in March, 1845, proceeds
to declare that " a fact such as this, or, to speak
* with greater exactness, so notable an act of usur-
i pation, created an imperious necessity that Mex-
'ico,for her own honor, should icpelitwith proper
' firmness and dignity. The Supreme Government
* had beforehand declared that it would look upon
* such an act as a casus belli; and, as a consequence
* of this declaration, negotiation was, by its very
' nature, at an end, and war was the only recourse
' of the Mexican Government."
It appears, also, that on the fourth of April fol-
lowing, General Paredes, through his Minister of
War, issued orders tothe-Mexican general in com-
mand on the Texan frontier to "attack " our army
" by every means which war permits." To this
General Paredes had been pledged to the army
and people of Mexico during the military revolu-
tion which had brought him into power. On the
eighteenth of April, 1846, General Paredes ad-
dressed a letter to the commander on that frontier,
in which he stated to him, "at the present dale I
1 suppose you at the head of that valiant army,
'either fighting already, or preparing for the ope-
' rations of a campaign;" and "supposing you
< already on the theatre of operations, and with all
1 the forces assembled, it is indispensable that hos-
j ' tilities be commenced, yourself taking the initia-
1 ' tive against the enemy."
! The movement of our army to the Rio Grande
was made by the commanding general under posi-
tive orders to abstain from all aggressive acts to-
wards Mexico, or Mexican eitizens.and to regard
the relations between the two countries as peace-
ful, unless Mexico should declare war, or com-
mit acts of hostility indicative of a state of war;
and these orders he faithfully executed. Whilst
occupying his position on the east bank of the
Rio Grande, within the limits of Texas, then re-'
cently admitted as one of the States of our Union,
the commanding genetal of the Mexican forces,
who, in pursuance of the orders of his govern-
ment, had collected a large army on the opposite
shore of the Rio Grande, crossed the river, in-
vaded our territory, and commenced hostilities by
attacking our forces.
Thus, after all the injuries which wc had re-
ceived and borne from Mexico, and after she had
; insultingly rejected a minister sent to her on a
| mission of peace, and whom she had solemnly
' agreed to receive, she consummated her long course
I of outrage against our countiy by commencing an
' offensive war and shedding the blood of our citi-
; zens on our own soil.
The United States never attempted to acquire
Texas bv conquest. On the contrary, at an early
period after the people of Texas had achieved
their independence, they sought to be annexed to
the United States. At a general election in Sep-
tember, 1836, they decided with great unanimity
in favor of "annexation;" and in November fol- ;
lowing, the Congress of the republic authorized
the appointment of a minister, to bear their re- :
quest to this Government. ThisGovernment, how-
ever, having remained neutral between Texas and
Mexico during the war between them, and con-
sidering it due to the honor of our country, and
our fair fame among the nations of the earth, that
we should not at this early period consent to an-
nexation, nor until it should be manifest to the
whole world that the reconquest of Texas by Mex-
ico was impossible, refused to accede to the over-
tures made by Texas. On the twelfth of April,
1344, and after.more than seven years had elapsed
; since Texas had established her independence, a
treaty was concluded for the annexation of that
republic to the United States, which was rejected
by the Senate. Finally, on the first of March,
1845, Congress passed a joint resolution for annex-
ing her to the United States, upon certain prelimi-
nary conditions to which her assent was required.
The solemnities which characterized the delibera-
tions and conduct of the Government and people
of Texas, on the deeply interesting questions pre-
sented bv these resolutions, are known to the
world. The Congress, the Executive, and the
people of Texas, in a convention elected for that
purpose, accepted with great unanimity the pro-
posed terms of annexation: and thus consummated
on her part the great act of restoring to our federal
Union a vast territory which had been ceded to
Spain by the Florida treaty more than a quarter of
a century before.
After the joint resolution for the annexation of
Texas to the United States had been passed by our
Congress, the Mexican Minister at Washington
addressed a note to the Secretary of State, bearing
date on the 6th of March, 1845, protesting ngainst
it as " an act of aggression, the most unjust which
4 can be found recorded in the annals of modern
'history; namely, that of despoiling a friendly
'nation, like Mexico, of a considerable portion of
'her territory*,'' and protesting against the resolu-
tion of annexation, as being an act " wbeieby the
i province of Texas, an integral portion of the
' Mexican territory, isagreedand admitted.into the
' American Union;" and he announced that, as a
consequence, his mission to the United States had
terminated, and demanded his passports, which
were granted. It was upon the absurd pretext,
made "by Mexico, (herself indebted for her inde-
pendence to a successful revolution,) that the re-
public of Texas still continued to be, notwithstand-
ing all that hnd passed, a province of Mexico, that
this step was taken by the Mexican Minister.
Every honorable effort has been used by me to
avoid the war which followed, but all have proved
vain. AW our attempts to preserve peace have
been met by insult and resistance on the part of
Mexico. My efforts to this end commenced in the
note of the Secretary of State of the 10th of March,
1845, in answer to that of the Mexican Minister.
Whilst declining to reopen a discussion which had
already been exhausted, and proving again what
was known to the whole world, that Texas had
long since achieved her independence, the Secreta-
ry of State expressed the regret of tips Govern-
ment that Mexico should have taken offence at the
resolution of annexation passed by Congress, and
gave assurance that our " most strenuous efforts
'shall be devoted to the amicable adjustment of
' everv cause of complaint between the two Govern-
* ments, and to the cultivation of the kindest and
' most Aiendly relations between the sister lepub-
4 lies."
That I have acted in the spirit of this assurance,
wiil appear from the events which have sfnee oc-
curred. Notwithstanding Mexico had abruptly
terminated all diplomatic intercourse with the Uni-
ted States, and onsrht, therefore, to have been the
first to ask for its resumption, yet, waiving all
ceremony, I embraced the earliest favorable oppor-
tunity " to ascertain from the Mexican Govern-
* merit whether they would receive an envoy from
* the United States instructed with full power toad*
' just aii the questions in dispute between the two
' Government*." In September, 1845, I- believed
the propitious moment for such an overture had
arrived. Texas, by the enthusiastic and almost
unanimous will of her people, had pronounced in
favor of .annexation. Mexico herself had agreed
to acknowledge the independence of Texas, sub-
ject to a condition, it is true, which she had no
right to impose and no power to enforce. The
last lingering hope of Mexico, if she still could^
have retained any, that Texas would ever again*
become one of her provinces, must have been
abandoned.
The consul of the United States at the city of
Mexico was, therefore, instructed by the Secre-
tary of State on the fifteenth of September, 1845,
to make the inquiry of the Mexican Government.
The, inquiry was made, and on the fifteenth of
October, 1845, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
the Mexican Government, in a note addressed to
our consul, gave a favorable response, requesting,
at the same time, that our naval force might be
withdrawn from Vera Cruz while negotiations
should be pending. Upon the receipt of this note,
our naval force was promptly withdrawn fiom
Vera Ciuz. A Minister wps immediately appoint-
ed, and departed to Mexico. Everything boie a
promising aspect for a speedy and peaceful adjust-
ment of all our difficulties. At the date of my
annual Message to Congress, in December last, no
doubt was entertained but that he would be re-
ceived by the Mexican Government, and the hope
was cherished that all cause of misunderstanding
between the two countries would be speedily re-
moved. In the confident hope that such would
be the result of his mission, I informed Congress
that I forbore at that time to "recommend such
'ulterior measures of ledress for the wrongs and
'injuries we had so Ions- borne, as it would have
' been proper to make had no such negotiation been
' instituted." To mvsurprise and regret, the Mexi-
can Government, though solemnly pledged to do
so upon the arrival of our Minister in Mexico,
refused to receive and accredit Jinn. When ho
reached Vera Cruz, on the thirtieth of November,
1845, he found that the aspect of affairs had un-
dergone an unhappy change. The Government
of General Herrera, who was at that time Presi-
dent of the republic, was tottering to its fa;!.
General Paredes (a mihtaiy lender) had manifest-
ed his determination to overthrow the Government
of Herrera, by a military revolution; and one of
