10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
crcation of a corresponding amount of public debt may be
avoided.
It is. not meant to recommcnd that the ordinary and neces-
sary appropriations lor the support of Government should be
withheld, but it is well known that at every session of Con-
gress appropriations are proposed for numerous, objects
which may or may not be made without materially affectum
thePpubhc interests; and these it is recommended should
not be gi anted.
The act parsed at your last session " reducing the duties
on imports," not having gone into opeiation until the first of
the present month, there has not heeu time for its practical
effect upon the revenue and the business of the country to
be developed. It is not doubted, however, that the Just
policy which it adopts will add largely to our foreign trade,
and promote the general prosperity. Although it cannot be
certainly foreseen what amount of revenue it will yield, it
is estimated that it will exceed that produced by the act of
18-32, winch it superseded. The leading principles estab-
lished by it are, to levj the taxes with a vi*w to raise rev-
enue, and to impose them upon the articles imported accord-
ing to their actual value.
The act of 134-2, by the excessive rates of duty winch it
imposed on many articles, either totally excluded them fiom
importation, or gieatly reduced the amount imported, .tnd
thus dnmnr-hed instead of producing revenue. Bv it the taxes
were imposed not foi the legitimate purpose of raising rev-
enue, but to atibid adwintages to favored classes, at the
expense of a laigc majority of their tcllow-citizens. Those
employed in agriculture, mechanical pursuits, commerce,
and navigation, were compelled to contribute from their
substance lo swell the profits and overgiown wealth of the
comparatively few who had invested their capital in manu-
faetincs. The taxes were not levied m proportion to the
valu-ofthe aiticle-: upon wmch they weie imposed; but,
wideb, departing from this just rule, the lighter taxed were
la many eases l vied upon artrcles of luxury and high price,
arid the heavier taxes on tho-e of necessity and low puce,
comumuiliy the great mass of the people. It was a Ms-
tern the inevitable effect of which wa* to relieve favored
elapses and the wealthy few from contributing then just
pioportion for the support of Government, and to lay the bur-
den on the labor of the man} engaged jn other puisuita than
mamitnetuie*.
A --weiii so unequal and unjust has been superseded by
tie evicting law, winch imposes duti's not tor the benefit |
or i.ijurv oi classes or pursuits, but distributee, and, as far i
a-. practicable, equalizes. the public buidens among all |
clashes and occupations The favored classes, who, under j
the uueqtnl and unjust s\<r.m uInrh ha-. been lep'ab'd, |,
have ii-'iotofor* reah/ed large pmnt«, and mam of them i
amazed large foiMuc-s. at the expense of th'i many who i
have Icen in Kb: tnmmiy to tnem, will have no reason to
complain it I'nev fdniU be required to bear their just propor-
tion of th i taxes neeossaiy lor the support of Government.
So far fi-mi it, u will be puceived, by an examination of
the exiting law, that di.-cinnmat'ons'in the rates ot diuv
impo-H,}, within the revenue principle, have been retained
in their fivor The incidental aid again-1 foreign compe-
tition which they -till enjoj gives them an advantage which
no other pu.suits pushes*; hut of this none other* will com-
plain, hecause tlie duties le\ied are necessary lor revenue.
The^e revenue duties, including freights and chaiges, which
the importer must pav before he can come m competition
with th<' home manufacturer in opr market-', amount, on
neaily all our leading branches of manutactme, to more
Hum one-third of the value of the imported article, and iu
pom" cases to almost one-halfits value. With .-neb advan-
tages, it i* not doubted that our domestic manufacturers will
continue to prosper, icahzing in well-conducted establish-
ni' iits even greater piohts than can be denved fiom any
othfj tfcular bu--ine^. Ind< ed, so far from requiring tne
pioteetion of even incidental revenue duties-, om manufac-
turers in several leading blanches ate extending their busi-
ness, giving evidence of great ingemuty and -skill, and of
their abilitv to comnete, with inciea-ed pro-pect ol sucee«<,
for the open market oi the world. Domestic manutaetuie*,
to tiie v dii" of s-everal millions of dollar-, which cannot
irnd a maiket at homo, are annuall} expo/led to loiei u |
countries With such rates of duty as tluw established hy
tne existing law, the systun will probablv be permanent;
and capitalist-, who have made, oi shall hercattei make,
t>i ir imesimerit"! m mannfacttn'-s, will know upon what to
reh, Tin'- pountn will be sati-lied with these rates, bo- I
cau<e the advantages which tile manufactureis still enioy j
re-uU ii'co-^auly from the collccuon of revenue for the |
r-uppoit of Government. High pioteetive duties, from their j
unjust opeiation upon the masses or the people, cannot fail <
to give ii-n to extensive dissatisfaction and complamt, and j
to oo11-t: nt efforts to change or repeal them, rendering all !
investments in manufactures uncertain and precarious, j
Lower and moie permanent rate*, of duty, at the same time |
that they will vield to the manufacturer lair and lemnner- I
etmg piofit-, will secure bun against the danger of frequent |
chant's in tne system, which cannot fail ruinously to affect !
his mt"'vsts. ' I
Ht'iiiiStineoii-lv with the relaxation of the restintrvc j
p.ihev bv tne United States, G'eat Rntam. from wno^e j
e.\ainpb> we d"rived tlie s^teui, lias relaxed heis. Slie bus i
nriib tied liei c.irn taw<, and i-dticed many other duties to
mo.b'iate jovopu ' rate-. After ng >s of experience, the
stat"^ni'-n o! mat eountiy have been constrained, by a stern
fi'-ct's-irv, rind a public opinion h iviiiii its deep founda-
tion in th" --itf'rings and wanrsofuiipoveriMied million'.to
abaii'joa as\^tem the elieet of which was to build up lm-
m-jiise foit'iues in the hands of the few. and to reduce the
laboring million^ to p uipei ism and miseiv. Neatly in t'oe
6-a.ne i,ipio that laboi wa-< depie^"d, c.iprtal vva-> increased
and eoueentrated by the Ihiti-s]) prot<-*ctiv<j pohev.
The eviK of the sy>tem in Great Britain were at length
rendeied intolerable, and it lias been abandoned, but not
vv.t'ion? a Mjvere ^truagle on the paitof the, pjotected ami
favored classes to ret un the uimtst advantanes which thev s
h.ive so long enjoyed. It was to b" expected that a.similar !
stiiijiul; wo11Id be made bv the suue clashes in tiie j
States whenever an attempt wis mad? to urodifv or ahoh-h ;
tne sam ' unpist system h -ie. The protective pohev had }
been in operation hi the United States for a much sliortei I
period, arid its pernicious effects were not, therefore, so {
clearly perceived and felt. Enough, however, was known
of these effects to induce its repeal.
It would be strange if, in the face of the example of Great
Britain, our principal foreign customer, and of the evilsot a
system rendered manifest m that country by long ami pain-
ful experience, and in the face of the immense advantages
which, under a more liberal commercial policy, we are
already deriving, and must Continue to derive, by supplying
her staiving population with food, the United States should
restore a pohev which she has been compelled to abandon,
and thus diminish her ability to purchase from us the food
and other articles which she so much needs, and we so
much desire to sail. By the simultaneous abandonment of
the protective policy by Great Britain and the United
States, nc-w and important markets have already been
opened for our agricultural and other products; commerce
and navigation have received a new impulse; labor and
trade have been released fiom the artificial trammels which
have so long fettered them; and to a great extent reciproci-
ty, in the exchange of commodities, has been introduced at
the same tune by both countne.s, and greatly fot the benefit
ot both. Great Britain has been forced, by the pressure of
circumstances at home, to abandon a policy which has
been upheld for ages, and to open her markets tin our im-
mense surplus? of bieruKtuffs; and it is confidently believed
that other Poweis of Europe will ultimately see the wisdom,
if they be not compelled by the pauperism and sufferings of
their crowded population, to pursue a bitnilar policy.
Our fanners an; mote deeply interested in maintaining the
just and liberal policy ot the existing law than any other
class of oui citizens. They constitute a large majoiitv of
our population ; and it is well known that when they pros-
per, all other pursuit?, prosper also. They have heretofore
not only received none of the bounties or favors of Govern-
ment, but, bv the unequal opeiations of the protective poli-
cy, have been made, by the burdens of taxation which it
imposed, to contnbute to the bounties which have enuched
otlieis.
When a foreign as well as a home market is opened to
them, they must receive,as thev are now receiving, increas-
ed puces "for then pioduets. They will find a readier sale,
and at hotter prices, tor their wheat, flour, rice, Indian corn,
beef, poi k, lard, butter, cheo-p, f nd other articles, which
thev pioduce. The home market alone is inadequate to
e-nable them todi.-pose of the immense surplus of food and
other articles which they aie capable of producing, even at
the rno^t reduced price-, for the manifest reason that they
cannot be consumed m the eountiy. The United States
can, from their immense smplus, supph not only the home
demand, but the deticiencics of food required by the whole
wor'd.
That the reduced production of some of th^ chief articles
of food in Great Britain, and other paits of Euiope, may
have contributed to increase the demand for our breadstuff*
and provisions, is not doubted ; b t that the great and effi-
cient cause of this increased demand, and "of increased
prices, consists iu the removal of artificial restrictions here-
tofore imposed, is deemed to b" equally ceitam. That our
exports, of food, already increased and increasing beyond
former example, under the more liberal policy which has
been adopted, will be still vastly enlarged, unless they be
checked or prevented by a restoration of the protective poli-
cy, cannot be doubted. That our commercial atrd naviga-
ting interests will be enlaiged in a corresponding ratio with
the increase of our trade is equally certain; while oin inns
ufaetunnsr interests will stiil be the favored interests of the
country, and receive the incidental protection afforded them
b} revenue duties; and nrore than tins they cannot justly
demand.
Iu my annual message of December last, a tariff of reve-
nu.'> duties, based upon the puncipies of the exi&mis law,
was lec-r-miiiended, and I have sepn no reason to change
the opin.ons then evpiessed. In view of the probable bene-
ficial elk'cts oi that law, I recommend that the pohev estab-
lished by it be maintained. It has but just commenced to
opiate; and to abandon-or modify it without <rivmar it a fair
tual, would b« uu xpedient and unwise. Should defects m
any of its details be ascertained bv actual experience to e\-
l-c, tin sp niay be hereafter corrcctf d ; but until such defects
shall become manifest, the act should be fairlv tested.
It is submitted for youi eonsideiation whether it may not
be pioper, as a war measure, to unpo?e revenue duties on
some ot th^ articles now embraced in the free list Should
it be deemed proper to impose such duties, with a view to
rai-e revenue to meet the expenses of the war with Mexico,
or to avoid to mat extent the ci«ation of a public* debt, they
may be repealed when the emergency which gave ri-e to
them shall ct ase to exist, and con&titnie no part of the per-
manent policy of the countrv.
Th ■ act of the -ixtir of August la~t, a to provide for the
1 better organization of tiie treasury, and lor the collection,
'safekeeping, tiansfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
' eniK:," lias been earned into execution a-s rapidly ah the
delay nec.::-=anly arising out of the appointment of new
otiieeH. taking and appiovmg their bonds, and preparing
and seeming moper places for the safekeeping of the public
moire,,, \\ onJd permit. It is not proposed to depart in any
respect front tne principles or policy on winch this givat
mea-uie is rounded. Thoie ase, bo«.vevei, delects in the
details ot the meaMite, developed hyits practical operation,
winch are fully set foith in the repmt of tiro Secretai} of the
Tiea^uiv, to which the attention of Congress is invited.
These defect- wo'ild impair to some extent the successful
opeiation of the Saw at all times, hut aie espciallv cmbar-
r.tsSiHi? vhen the country is engaged in a war, wlr< n the
expeiiditrues are greatly increased, when loans are to be
effected, and the disbursements aie to bo made at points
many bundled miles distant, in pome case*-, from any de-
pository, and a laige portion of them m a foreign country.
The modifications suggested in the report of the Secietary
of the Treasury ate recommended to your favoiable con-
sideration.
Sn connexion with this subject, I invite your attention to
the impoitance of estahli-hmg a bumch of the rmiiiofthe
Umt.-d States at New York. Two-thirds of the revenue
derived fiom cu-toms being collected at that point, the de-
mand for specie to pav th'-' duties mil be large; and a
branch mint, where foreign coin and bullion could be im-
mediately converted into Ameiican coin, would greatly
facilitate the transaction of the public business, enlarge the
circulation of gold and silver, and be, at tire &anie time, a
safe depository of the public money.
The importance of giadiiating and reducing the price of
such of the public lands as have been long offered in the
market, at the minimum rate authorized hy existing laws,
and remain unsold, induces me again to icconimend the
subject to your favorable consideration. Many milhoiib of
acres of thcs>e lands have be:en offered in the market for
moie than thirty years, and larger quantities for mote than
ten or twenty years; and being of an lufeuor quality, they
must remain unsaleable for an indefinite period, unless the
price at which they may be purchased thai! be reduced.
To place a price upon them above their leaf value is not
only to prevent their sale, and thereby depiive the treasury
of any income from that source, but is unjust to the States
in winch they lie, because it retards their growth and in-
crease of population, and because they have no power to
levy a tax upon them as upon other lands within their
limits, held by other proprietors th in the United States, for
the bupport of their local governments.
The beneficial effects of the graduation principle have
been realized by some of the States owning the lands within
their limits, m which it has been adopted. They have he-.n
demonstrated also by the United States acting as the tru>tee
of the Chickasaw tube ot Indians in the s-ale of their lands
l,\ rug within the States of Mississippi and Alabama. Tire
Chickasaw lands which would not command in the market
the minimum puce established by the laws of the United
States for the sale of their lands, weie, m pursuance of the
treaty of 1834 with that tube, subsequently o 1ft,red for sale
at graduated and reduced rates for limited periods. The
result was that large quantities of these lauds were pur-
chased, which would otherwise have remained unsold.
The lauds were disposed of at their real value, and tnury
persons of limited means were enabled to purchase small
tiacts, upon which thev have settled with their families.
That similar results would be produced by the adoption of
the graduation policy by the United State®, m all the States
in v\ Inch they aie the owners of large bodies of lands which
have been long m the maiket, cannot be doubted. It can-
not be a sound po!rr\ to withhold large quantities of the
public lands from the rise and occupation of oui citizens, by
fi\mg upon them prices wlncll expeuence has siiown they
will not command. On the contrary, it i- a wise pohev to
affotd facilities to our citizen? to become the ovv m-rs, at low
and moderate rates, of fieeholds of their own, instead of
being the tenants and dependant® of others. If it be ap-
prehended that these lands, if reduced in price, would be
sreurr-d in huge quantities by speculators or capitalists, the
sales may be restricted, in limited quantities, to actual set-
tlers oi persons putchasing for purposes ot cultivation.
In my last annual message I submitted for the considera-
tion of Con«ro s f|1P present sy-tem of managing the min
eral lands ot the United States, and lecommended that tiiey
should be brought into market and sold, upon such terms
and under such reductions as Congress might pre.-cnbe.
By the act of the eleventh of July last, " the reserved lead
mines and contiguous lands in the States of Illinois and
Arkansas and Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa," weie
authorized to be sold. The act i= confined, in its operation,
to ktlead mines and contiguous lands.5'
A large portion of the public lands, containing copper and
other ores, is represented to be very valuable, and I recom-
mend thai provision be made authorizing the sale of these
lands, upon such terms and conditions as their supposed
value may, in the judgment of Congress;, be deemed advisa-
ble, having due regard to the interests of such of our citi-
zens as may be located upon thein.
It will be important, during vonr present session, to estab-
lish a tenltoriu'l government" and to extend the jurisdiction
and laws of the United Stat<js over the Terntorv of Oregon.
Our laws regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes east of the- "Rocky Mountains, should be extended to
the Pacific Ocean ; and tor t!>e put pose of executing them,
and preserving fnenilh relations with the Indian tnh< s
within our limit*, an additional number of Indian agencies
Will be required, and should be authorized In law" Thi
establishment of custom-houses, and of post offices and po-t
roads, and provision for the tram-poi tntion of the mad on
such route? as the public convenience will suggest, require
legislative authoiity. It will be proper, also, fo establish a
survev or g-meial's office in that terntoi}, and to make the
necessary provision for surveying the public lands, and
bringing them into maiket. As our citizens uho now re-
side in that distant region have been subjected io many
haidships, privations, and sacrifices, m then emigration, and
by their impiovf ment< have enhanced the \alue or the pub-
lic lands m the neigiiboihood of their settleim nts, it is re-
commended that liberal giants be made to tin m of such por-
tmns of these lands as thej may occupy, and that "similar
giants or lights of pteemption be made to all uho ma\ emi-
grate thither withm a limited period, to be prcscuhed by
The repoit of the Secretary of War contains detailed m-
foimation relative, to the several blanches of the public ser-
vice connected with that department. The opnations of
th* armv have been of a satisfactory and Ingblv gratifying
character.
I recommend to your enrlv and Ouoiahl" consideration,
the measures piopo-crl l-vtrn'Secietai} ol War for speedily
filling up the rank and file of the rvgul ir armv, for it- ~reater
efficiency in the field, and lor raising an additional force to
seive during the war with Mexico.
Embairas-mcnt is hkd\ to ai i~c for want ot Ic^ni piovi«-
lon authon/.mg compensation tn be made to the n^eiiis em-
ployed m the several States and Teintone* to pav the ievo-
lutionary and "ther peiisjoneis the amounts aboued tueirt
by law. Your attention is invited t<> the recommendations
oi the Secretaij of War on this subject. These a«. nN in-
cur heavy re-ponsibilitres and perform impoitant duties, and
no p-asoir exists why they should not be p, need on the same
footing, as to compensation, with other drshmsmg
Om relations with the various Indian tribes continue to
be of a pacific character. The unhappy di tensions which
have evicted auioug the Cherokee* I'oi ni.ui} war* pa-t have
been herded. Since my fast annual jue C,t«e important
treaties^ have h'jeu negotiated with some of the tube--, by
which the Indian title to large tracts of valuable land withm
