1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
the limits of the States and Territories has been extin-
guished, and arrangements made for removing them to the
country west ol the Mississippi. Between thiee and /bur
thousand, of different tribes, have been removed to the
country provided for them by treaty stipulations, and ar-
rangements have been made for others to follow.
In our intercourse with the several tiibes particular at-
tention has been given to the important subject of educa-
tion. The number of schools established among them has
been increased, and additional means provided, not only for
teaching them the rudiments of education, but of instructing
them in agriculture and the mechanic aits.
I refer you to the leport of the Secretary of the Navy for
a satiflactoiy view of the operations of the department
under his charge during the past year. It is gratifying to
perceive, that while the war with Mexico has rendered it
necessary to employ an unusual number of our armed ves-
sels on her coasts, the protection due to our commercc m
other quartern of the world ha* not proved insufficient. No
means will be spared to give efficiency to the naval service
in the prosecution of the war; and I am happy to know that
the ofhceis and men anxiously desire to devote themselves
to the aei vice of their country m any enterprise, however
difficult of executiou.
I recommend to your favorable consideration the propo-
sition to add to each of our foieign squadrons an efficient
sea steamer, and, as especially demanding attention, the
establishment at Pensaeoia of the necessary means of re-
pairing and refitting the vessels of tne navy employed in
the Gulf of Mexico.
There are other suggestions in the report which deserve,
and, I doubt not, will ieceive your coniidernUon.
The progie>s and condition of the mail service for the
past year are fully presented in the report of the Postmaster
General. The revenue for the jear ending on the thiriictli
of June last amounted to three million four hundred and
eighty-heven thousand one hundred and ninety-nine dollars,
wnich is eight hundred and two thoa>and six hundred and
forty-two dollars and forty-five cents le.-s than tli.it of the
preceding year. The payments for that department during
the same time amounted to four million eighty-four thou-
sand two hundred and nmety->even dollars ami twenty-two
cent-.. 01' this sum, five hundred and ninety-seven thou-
sand and ninety-seven dollar* and eignty cents have been
drawn troin the treasury. The disbin^ementh for the year
•were two bundled and thirty-six thou-and four hundred and
thirty-four dollars and sevwnty-seven cents less than those
of the pieceding year. While the disbursements have been
thus diminished", the mail facilities have been enlarged by
new mail loutc* of five thousand seven hundred and thiity-
nine mile1*; an increase of transportation of one million
seven bundled and sixty-four thousand one hundred and
forty-five miles, and the establishment of four hundred and
eighteen new po->t otfices. Contractors, postmasters, and
others, engaged in this bianch of the service, have perform-
ed their duties with energy and faithfulness de>orving com-
mendation. For main interesting details comi'-aed with
the opeiatjons of thw establishment, vou aie releired to the
report of the Postmaster General; and his suggestions lor
improving its revenues are recommended to your favorable
consideration. I repeat the opinion evpies^ed in my Inst
annual message, that the business of this denairment should
be so regulated that the revenues denveri fioin it ?hould be
made to equal tne expenditure? ; and it is believed that tins
may be done by pioper modification1* of the present law-*, as
feusfsre-ted in the report of th^ Postmaster General, without
chan^i nir tiie present rates of postage.
With full reliance upon the wi«dom and patriotism of your
deliberation*, it will be my duty, asit will he my anxious
desire, to cod pet ate with jou m eve>v constitutional effort
to promote the welfare and maintain the lionoj of our com-
mon countrv JAMKcJ K. POLK.
Washington,December 8, 1845.
The reading; of the Message occupied upwards
of two hours.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, it was
Resolved, That 3,500 copies of the Message, and
1,500 copies of the Message and documents, in ad-
dition to the usual number, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 8, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. BOYD, on leave, introduced a bill to in-
crease the pay of the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates of the army of the United
States, and the militia and volunteers in the ser-
vice of the same, and allowing them bounty land
in certain eases, as follows:
A BILL to increase the. pay of the non-commissioned offi-
cers, mu-wi.un, and pmatesof the aimvof the United
States, and the inmti-i and voluntas in the service of the
same, and allowing them bounty land m certain cases.
Beit cnacicd) kr , That from and after the first dav of
May last,and until the termination of the war with Mexico,
the monthly pay of the non-comrm^sioned officers, musi-
cian*, and pnvates of the army of the United States, and
the militia and \ohmfeprs in the seivice of the same, shall
be incieased one dollar per month each.
Sec. 2. Jhul be it further eii'iclcd, 'fnat each volunteer,
non-comn.is^iomd officer, mu-ician, and private, who hri< 
or may volunteer for sis months, and who shall have or
may go into the service in the field three month-, and until
he is honorably di^eiiar^ed, shall be entitled to a wan ant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land belonging to the
United States; which land shall have been subject to entry
for ten years or nvne previous to tiie date of said warrant.
Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted, That any non-eommis-
sioned officer, musician, or piivate, who has or may volun-
teer in the sei vice of the United States for twelve months,,
and who has or may go into actual service for three months,
or to the end of the war with Mexico, and until he is hon-
orably discharged, shall be entitled to a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land with the privilege ef enter-
ing the same on any land belonging to the United States,
and subject to entry at the date of said warrant.
Sec. 4. -find be it further enacted, That each non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, or private in the army of the United
States, on the first day of May, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, and who shall serve through the war with Mexico, or
who shall enlist in the army of the United States after the
fust day of May last, and before the termination of the war
with Mexico', shall be eacb entitled, on their receiving ari
honorable discharge from the arlny, to a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, to be located on any land
belonging to the United States, and'Which was subjcct to
entry at the date of said warrant.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the heirs at law of
any non-commissioned officer, musician, or private, of the
army of the United States, or militia or volunteers in the
same, who mav be killed in battle or die in service during
the war with Mexico, shall be entitled to a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, and shall be entitled to
„ locate the same upon any land in the United States subject
; to entry: Provided, That in all cases whatever, where land
1 warrant^ are is-sued in pursuance of this act, the >ame shall
be located within two years from the date on which said
warrants shall have issued.
The bill having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by consent, introduced the
following resolution, which was read and adopted:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That a joint
committee of three members of each Hoi^se be ap-
pointed to direct and superintend the expenditure
of all moneys appropriated for the purchase of
books for the Library of Congress, and all such
other matters pertaining to the said Library not
otherwise provided for by law.
Mr. RATHBJJN asked leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to report to this' House with all con-
venient despatch whether any person or persons
have, at any time between the 4th day of March,
1845, and the 1st day of December, 1846, been em-
ployed as secret inspectors of the customs,'or
agents, or in any capacity other than ordinary
officers; the name or names of all persons so em-
ployed; the collection district in which he or they
reside, or to which appointed: when and b}?- whom
appointed; what duty he or they have performed;
the amount of the per diem or other pay allowed
to each person; ihe amount of travelling fees or
expenses, or both, allowed and now due, or paid
to each; the aggregate of all pay and travel fees,
or expenses due, allowed, or paid to each; where,
how, and by whom paid; and also by what au-
thority such appointments were made, and such
payments made.
The resolution being objected to—
Mr. RATHBUN moved to suspend the rules.
The motion prevailing, the resolution was again
read and adopted.
Mr. SAWYER, 0{t leave, gave notice that he
would, on to-morrow or some subsequent day,
introduce a bill to graduate and reduce the price
of the public lands, and for other purposes.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave, gave notice that he
would hereafter introduce a bill for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi, Ohio,
Missouri, and Arkansas rivers.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired of the Chair on
what principle of parliamentary law notices of hilis
were permitted to be given? The House had as
yet agreed on no rules of order.
The CHAIR replied, that under the construc-
tion of the resolution of last session on the subject,
it had been held as continuing in force until re-
pealed or altered.
Mr. WINTHROP. Through both sessions?
The CHAIR. Through both sessions.
Mr. WINTHROP. I yield the point.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. J. Knox
Walker, his Private Secretary.
The Message having been read—
Mr. BRODHEAD moved the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Message of the President of
the United States be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
fifteen thousand copies with, and twenty thousand
without the accompanying documents, be printed
for the use of the House.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to strike out
the words " and twenty thousand without."
Mr. PAYNE expressed his earnest hope that
the Amendment moved by the gentleman from
Mississippi would not prevail. He should not
attempt, at this early moment, to go into any ex-
amination of the President's message, or indulge
in any discussion of its contents, but >yould con-
tent himself with saying that he deemed it as very
important, at this time particularly, that the docu-
ment should be disseminated as widely as possi-
ble. A very extraordinary course had been pur-
sued throughout the country in relation to the
existing war. Strenuous efforts had been made
in certain quarters to forestall public opinion in
regard to it. It had been denounced as an unholy
war—an unjust war—a war of conquest—a war
wholly wanton and unprovoked—a war that Provi-
dence could not crown with its blessing. The
message met that question. It spread before the
people the true grounds on which the contest was
waged; it disclosed and plainly set forth the pur-
poses of the Administration in conducting it; and, -
above all, it detailed those provocations on the
part of Mexico in which the war had had its true
origin. The message was, in fact, a genera) vin-
dication of the war in which the United States
were now engaged; and it was no more than a
matter of sheer justice that it should be spread be-
fore the people as widely as possible. He thought
that the printing of the fifteen thousand conies,
with the accompanying documents, and of no
more, as proposed by the amendment, would not
i be sufficient. He was not, however, for enlarging
S the number of copies to be accompanied with the
| documents. He wanted the number in the origi-
;] nal resolution, of the copies without the docu-
ments, to be retained, and would be willing even
to increase it. He wanted the message itself to 2:0
extensively into the hands of the people, that they
might be set right as to the real grounds of this
war, and the outrages which had led to it.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON would offer but a
word or two in reply. The gentleman from Ala-
hama could not possibly go further than Mr. T.
did ir his desiie to see this message extensively
I' spread among all the people of the United States.
; Most heartily did he wish that every freeman in
ij the country had a copy of it in his hands, and
!• would study the facts and the principles it contain-
!. ed. For one, he believed-that if these facts and
,j principles were more extensively known and un-
I; derstood, there would be a far greater unanimity
;i of feeling on the justice of the war than now exist-
, ed—far greater, indeed, than had ever existed in
;{ the country before. But the gentleman from Ala-
!j bamatotally mistook and misunderstood Mr. T.'s
ij objects and motives in proposing the amendment
j That gentleman well knew, and so did everybody
'1 know, that the conies of the message, when ex-
ecutod by the public printer, did not come into the
;i hands of members till a we°k or ten days after the
j message was delivered. The copies sent forth to
. j meet the anxiety of their constituents were, for the
;j most part, paid for out of their own private pock-
' cts. When the public copies were furnished the
people had read the message, and they were old
and stale, and to a great degree useless. If the
gentleman was so fervently desirous that the mes-
; snge should be spread far and wide, let him put
i his hand into his own pocket and purchase largely
, for distribution. If the gentleman would butre-
'i fleet, he must be sensible that his constituents, if
fbey did not get their copies of the message till
| they were furnished by the House, would consider
• ; themselves slighted by their Representatives here.
] 1 Mr. T. was willing to print as large a number with
! the documents as any gentleman would deem
■: proper,but he was opposed to the useless expense
of a large edition of the naked message, because
i the people would be in possession of it before they
could be supplied in this way.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved to amend the
; amendment by ordering the printing of five iliou-
' ' sand copies in the German language.
: Mr. S. was proceeding to make a remark in sup-
■! port of his amendment, but yielded the floor for
, the moment to
Mr. PAYNE, who said, that he returned his
j! very respectful thanks to the gentleman from Mis-
It sissippi [Mr. Thompson] for the suggestion he
sj had made as to the course it would be proper for
Mr. P. to pursue in purchasing public documents
(I out of his own pocket. He was fully aware of his
