12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9.
privilege in that respect, and should endeavor tov
avail himself of it to a reasonable extent. But
there were in the country some ten or twelve thou-
sand voters to each Representative; and Mr. P.
greatly doubted whether his friend from Missis-
sippi would go so far in his anxiety to put a copy
of the message into the hand of every freeman in
the land as to order that number out of his private
purse. Mr. P. was as anxious as he that every
American freeman should have a copy—that was
his object, and that was the very reason why he
opposed the amendment. He should purchase
such a number of copies as he deemed right and
proper; but he wished to go further than this, and
have such a number published by order of Con-
gress as to supply the whole country. The docu-
ment, as he had already observed, was exceed-
ingly important at this time. Mr. P. did not say
this because he was politically friendly to the
President, but mainly because he believed that
public sentiment was gieatly in ihe dark as to the
war. Not only was tlus true of the enemies of the
Administration, but e\en its political friends were
to a great extent ignorant of the manner in which
we had been treated by Mexico. The message
would scatter light on this subject; and by en-
lightening the people generally on the true state of
facts, would powerfully tend to unite the nation.
The dissemination of such a document could not
but have the happiest results.
Mr. P. might here allude to what had been the
conduct of a certain portion of the press of the
country on the subject of the existing war. He
did not desire to get into a war with the press; but
this lie would say, that a course had been pursued
by some of the political and party presses of the day
which, in any other country but this, would have
been treated as treasonable, and it wanted but an
overt act to constitute it actual treason, even here. .
Prejudices had been excited—religious prejudices !
had been appealed to—and every art employed to j
misiepresent the Administration, and mislead the
people. It was time that the whole truth should
be given to the world. This public executive
document told what was intended by the Admin-
istration to be done in that portion of the Mexican
territory winch we now held by force of arms.
It answered, in fact, every important question that
could be asked on the subject; and would gentle-
men here cavil about the expense of printing a few
thousand copies of it for the securing of so impor-
tant an object ? He trusted not; he hoped to find
the House unanimous, or nearly so, in the rejec-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH said he was as much
in favor as the gentleman from Alabama could be
of circulating this message as it stood, unaccom-
panied by the documents; but for this end it was
wholly immaterial whether the 20,000 copies pro-
posed in the original resolution were ordered or
not; he should see that his constituents were duly
supplied long before the copies ordered by Con-
gress could leach them. He knew, as everybody
else knew, that the message would be circulated
through every part of the country by the public
press of the country. If he did not know this he
should vote for ordering, not 20,000, but at least
100,000 copies of it. But it was necessary that
Congress should provide for the peculiar circum-
stances and wants of a particular portion of our
people who were not as yet able to read the mes-
sage in the English language. Were it Mr. S.'s
object to make a speech, he might call on that
House to remember the noble, gallant, and chival-
rous manner in which some of this class of our
fellow-citizens had defended the flag of the nation
in the recent battles. He would not dwell on what
every one knew, and he would, therefore, only
obsc-n e that it was due in justice to men like these
t')?it we should fully explain to them the grounds
of that contest in which they had acted so noble a
p u t. Let them more fully understand and appre-
ci i'e the justice of that cause they had so bravely
defended. After they had shed their blood m
support of the honor of our flag, it would be a
poor return to refuse so small a boon as that he
now asked for their benefit.
Mr. S. concluded by expressing his earnest
hope that gentlemen would not break down his
little amendment (as had in some cases been done
heretofore) by loading it with further amendments
n display of their extensive learning m modern
anguages. He trusted he should hear nothing
bout printing the message in Cherokee or Choc-
taw, or Erse, or Portuguese. With a view to get
a vote on the amendment as it stood, he should
ask the previous question, and on that question he
demanded the yeas and nays. He wanted to see
who would record his name against so fair and
reasonable a proposition.
The motion was seconded by the House—ayes
68, noes 53. So the previous question was order-
ed; and, it having been put and carried, the main
question was on the adoption of Mr. Smith's
amendment. He demanded the yeas and nays,
but the House refused to order them. He then
called for tellers, but the House would not assent.
And the question being then taken, the amendment
was rejected without a count.
Theamendment proposed by Mr. Jacob Thomp-
son was then agreed to.
And the resolution, as thus amended, was adopt-
ed.
So the House ordered 15,000 copies of the mes-
sage to be printed with the documents, and none
without.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS now rose and observed
that there was one point in the message which he
did not consider as sufficiently explicit. He could
have wished that the President had given the
House some further information in regard to it.
He regretted exceedingly that the document con-
tained no satisfactory statement on the subject
alluded to. He then asked leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President communicate to
this House any and all orders or instructions to
General Taylor, General Wool, General Kearny,
Captain Sloat, Captain Stockton, or any other offi-
cer of the Government, in relation to the establish-
ment or organization of civil governments in any
portion of the territory of Mexico which has or
might be taken possession of by the army or navy
of the United States; also, what forms of govern-
ment such officers, or either of them, may have
established and organized,.and whether the Presi-
dent has approved and recognised said govern-
ments.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON objected. And he
would ask this question: Did the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] know whether the re-
port of the Secretary of War did not contain all the
information he desired ?
The SPEAKER arrested the conversation, as
out of order; deciding, that by the rule the reso-
lution, being a call for information, must lie over
one day.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved that the rules
be suspended, and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL called for the
reading of the resolution; which was again read.
And then, pending the motion to suspend the
rules,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December9, 1846.
The Hon. Edward A. Hanneg\n, (Democrat,)
of Indiana, and the Hon. Albert C. Greene,
(Whig,) of Rhode Island, appeared in their seats
this morning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF TREASURY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
, ate the annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
: ury on the state of the finances.
: Mr. SPEIGHT remarked that the report was
■ probably a lengthened one, and its reading would
occupy a large portion of time. Unless, therefore,
• any Senator desired it should be read, he would
! move to dispense with the reading.
i No Senator desiring the report to be read, the
motion was agreed to.
j PRINTING OF THE REPORT,
i On motion by Mr. SPEIGHT, it was
] Ordered, That the report be printed; and that
! five thousand copies in addition to the usual num-
ber be printed for the vise of the Senate.
j REGISTER OF DEBATES.
| The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
; Senate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, made
I in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
i the 7th of August, 1846, stating that he had enter-
ed into a contract with Messrs. Blair & Rives, for
printing and furnishing, on the terms prescribed in
the resolution, the number of copies of the 44 De-
bates in Congress," which may be subscribed for
by the members of the Senate, agreeably to the
said resolution.  
The report further states that Messrs. Gales &
Seaton, having discontinued the publication of the
Register of Debates, can only furnish a weekly
paper containing reports of proceedings and de-
bates of Congress, transfeired from the columns of
the Intelligencer. The letter of Messrs. Gales &
Seaton accompanied the report.
The report was read and laid upon the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of H.
M. Salmon, of the city of New York, praying in-
demnification for the sacrifices and compensation
for the services of his late father during the revo-
lutionary war, and moved its refeience to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that the stand-
ing committees were not yet formed, and that it
was usual, under such circumstances, to withhold
the presentation of petitions; or, if presented, to
have them laid upon the table until such time as
the committees should be appointed.
Mr. DICKINSON, after stating that it had been
his impression that the committees were contin-
ued, withdrew his motion of reference, and the
petition was laid upon the table.
HARVARD COLLEGE.
Mr. WEBSTER said that he had received a
memorial to Congress from the President and Fel-
lows of Harvard College, representing that, two or
three years ago, they ordered from Munich, in
Bavaria, a very large refracting telescope—one of
the most costly kind—including all the apparatus
belonging to it, the expense of which, when com-
pleted and mounted, will not fall short of twenty
thousand dollars; that parts of the instrument—
the object glass especially, the 'most expensive
part of it—had already been received, but that the
other portions were not expected from Germany
until next spring; and that when those portions
should arrive, they would, under the new tariff
law, which is different in this respect from the
former law, be subject to a duty of two, three, or
four thousand dollars. They ask, therefore, that
they may be authorized to import what remains of
the instrument free of duty.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the memorial
was laid upon the table, to be referred to the ap-
propriate committee, when one is formed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr.WOODBRIDGE gave notice that he should,
'at an early day, ask leave of the Senate to intro-
duce sundry bills—among them, one to establish
a land office, and provide for the sale of the mineral
lands upon Lake Superior, in Michigan; and
another granting alternate sections of the public
domain to aid m the completion of works of inter-
nal improvement in the State of Michigan.
Mr. BREESE also gave notice of his intention
to introduce bills for reducing and graduating the
price of the public lands, for establishing a terri-
torial government in the Territory of Oregon, and
for establishing a land office in the Territory of
Oregon.
BOUNTY LAND TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideiation:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
granting one hundred and sixty acres of l.ind to
each non-commissioned officer, musician, and pri-
vate soldier, who may or shall have volunteered
to serve the country during the present war with
Mexico, and of increasing the compensation now
allowed by the War Department for the transport-
ation and subsistence of the volunteer troops from
their homes to the places of rendezvous m their
j different States.
i MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
j A message was received from the House of Rep-
, resentatives, announcing that the House had passed
a resolution for the appointment of a joint commit-
; tee to direct and superintend the expenditure of all
j moneys appropriated for the purchase of books
i for the library of Congress, in which ihey request-
