THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLrAIR fo RIVES,
29th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1846.
New Series No. 2.
the United States. But here was a governor com-
mander-in-chief of both. It seemed he was an
amphibious officer—his authority combining the
service both on land and water. [Mr. S. here
read and commented on the document, and then
asked whether this was not annexation.]
The gentleman from South Carolina said Cap-
tain Stockton and " that sort of people" were not
supposed to know much about the Constitution.
Well, but the Piesident did. Did the President
sanction a paper like this? Did he say California
was part of the United States? If so, here was
annexation with a vengeance—-annexation, but
without those little forms and punctilios which had
sometimes been deemed indispensable. Verily,
(said Mr. S.,) Democracy is progressive. [A.
laush. A voice: " That is a fact."]
laws. If our President were a King, the authority
might apply. But, thank Sod, it was not the
President, but the people, who were the sovereign
here. The Congress, as their representatives,
claimed a little share of the sovereignty too.
Mr. HARALSON disclaimed having taken any
such position as that the President might receive
a conquered province into his military possession.
The possession and government arose ex necessitate
rei.
Mr. S. had not charged the gentleman with say-
ing so; but if such were not the fact, then his au-
thority did not apply to the case. It was very
good authority when the king was the sovereign,
and could make war or peace without consulting
any other department of Government, but not
when the people were the sovereign. The Presi-
Mr. S. here adverted to the Administration of;! dent of the United States must conduct a war
Mr Tyler to the attemnt at annexing Texas by | which the people had declared; but on the question ,i
- - .ile gulden tiiscov- ;| of annexing territory, the legislature had something j;
treaty, and when this failed, at the :
ery by the Democracy that annexation must be a
legislative act, and his friend from Tennessee [Mr. j
M. Brown] had had the good fortune to offer the I
annexation resolution which became a law. But
to what point had the Democracy now made pro- J
gress ? To annexation without either Senate or 1
to say. Mr. S. claimed that in all cases the sov-
ereignty resided in the coordinate branches of Gov- ;
eminent, and not in that one man, at whose feet j
there seemed in some quarters but too much dis- j
position to bow in humble subjection. !
Mr. WINTHROP promised not to detain the ;
House long in what ho had now to say. it was :
not his present purpose to enter into any elaborate j
discussion of the topics of the President's message,
or of the resolution immediately under considera-
tion. When the requisite information should have
been obtained, he might take ail opportunity of
exnressing his views. Meanwhile he could not
House—without treaty or legislation either. All
that was necessary now, was to send out a gallant
commander, (and Mr. S. admitted none could be
more gallant than those who had been sent,) and
let him declare himself commander-in-chief over a
conquered territory: and by that very act, the ter-
ritory was annexed ipso facto, without previous ...« .  — —- — -i r~
question or the p-fiff-n.de. Were we not progres- ij refrain from giving utterance to the heartfelt satis- ,
sive? Captain "Stockton and General Kearny j; faction it gave him^to see that a deoatc on one of ;
could do that with the stroke of a pen which it had " ~  *' v"   " *
taken Congress two years to accomplish.
But they did more. Congress left the people of
Texas to act their own pleasure: allowed them the
chance of a choice whether they would be annexed
or not; but there was then no royal grant—no
kind's charter; but Captain Stockton, progressin
the topics'connected wnii this war had sprung up
so soon—even at the very fiist moment of the ses-
sion. He regarded this, he hailed it, as a praoti- ■
cal assertion of the freedom of debate on that door: j
as an intimation to all that that House meant to
maintain its right to free and untrammelled dis-
    r.~  o , cussion of all the measures of Government, in spite !
from thatgrouniUsk'd:"irRobe7rFr'stockton~ have i j of the menaces, the very extraordinary and offen- :
decreed and do decree, as follows: Your govern- ;j sive menaces, contained m the Executive message. .
ment shall be so and so; and there's an end. Was ; He must say that it did appear to him tnai a,
he authorized to say that form of government grosser attack on the freedom of debate m the two
should continue for four years? Did the Presi- ;| Iiouses had never been made. The Liesident, in ■
" " "" " ' ' his message, said: \
dent know of this beforehand r Was he acting
simply as the President's attorney? That was
what the gentleman from Kentucky and his friends
wanted to know. He had declared himself the
President's agent in all this; if he was, then the
President should not escape behind his agent.
Mr. HARALSON said he was here willing to .
waive his amendment, and let the inquiry be un- !
conditional. [Many voices: "No, no—don't."] :
Mr. H., however, persevered; but, at a subse- ,
quent stage of the debate, declared his intention to ;
adhere to his amendment, because the condition '
on which he had been willing to withdraw it (t. e.,
the termination of the debate) had not been com-
plied with.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will say
nothing
il "The war has been represented a? unjust ami unneces-
sary, ,mil as one of naarension on our pan upon a weak and
'j inuirsd enemy. S:ich eironoous uyv-s, thnujjh entertained '
i hvb.it fjw, have been widely and extensively circulated, j
i' not only at home, but have been spread throughout Mexico |
11 alKl the whole world. A more cffeclunl means coutd not ;
.1 have been devi«ed to encourage the enemy and protr.iet the ;
I war tiian to advocate and adhere to their cause, and thus i
! give'them ' aid and comfort.' ' !
;: What did this mean ? It imputed nothing short ;
of treason to any man who should dare to ques-
tion the propriety and justice of the manner ill '
which the Executive had originated and carried on
this war. The President had quoted the words
" aid and comfort" from the constitutional defini- j
tion of treason, with the evident intention of mti- i
mating that no man could question, or in the re- 1
more on this point, but declare only, while I refer , >  n   - ,i * fi,o nrnnrirtv
" ' ' of constitutional law, that I motestnvawr «^of he P
to one other view
enter my dissent from such proceedings.
Mr. DANIEL here interposed, and asked leave
to have another proclamation read, wluch went on
the same principle.
But Mr. SCHENCK refused to yield the floor,
as his hour was nearly out.
He had something' to say about Government
reprieves and pardons for'offences against the
laws of the United States. They wanted to know
whether the President of the United States had
. of the war, or the manner m which it had been
waged, without proving himself a traitor to his \
' own country, and disposed to " aid and comfort Us
j enemies." Mr. W. rejoiced on this ground that '
j the present debate had sprung up to-day—at the ,
; earliest practicable moment. It was, he repeated
I it, a practical proof that the members of that House :
i intended, now and always, to speak their minds
< freely and fully on all matteis of public concern,
rd to Executive influence or Executive
_   _ without regar„ ..   -
Mrtliorized "the "establishment of the laws of the ;j That pUS!l « dd splS
£&£. from ^Georgia had read battel, !j
and commented on it. Mr. S. would aNoread an Goteinment, amUhe.e ^ cm*fo,.tms,, th>
extract.'"1 [Here, he read from the place where the (J could not- ]As j^esTion*camf with a bad'grace
author declares that the ,( obliged to confess tluU^they
v m l S do this > Tli  11 had connived at the return ot Santa Ana to Mexico
I ? V , : Tf nnvthmo- had ffiven the enemv more "aid and
sovereign of the country. The; £entlcnv.\n should ,■ " 1^., wt TTOinfpfl nnt
hold conquered provinces in'military possession.] •< from
Yes: but who d d Vattel sav might do this   1 he :i had connived aune retu in ,« ..
Yes: but who did Vattel say mig
remember that this was a European authority,
written under a monarchy, and recognising the
power of the King to make war and to dictate the
comfort" than this, it was yet to be pointed out.
But he had been led aside from the question im-
mediately before the House. Mr. W. agreed with
gentlemen who had spoken as to the importance
of the subject into which it was proposed to in-
quire; and he agreed, on one point at least, to
the principles of national law, laid down by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett.]
Whatever doubts might be entertained as to the
right of a conqueror to establish a government
over a conquered province, the national law was
explicit as to the point that the conqueror had, by
his military possession of a conquered country,
no right to establish there any government per-
manent in its character: and this was a far more
important question than whether the government
established was civil and iniiitary in its nature.
It was clear that the conqueror acquired by fris
conquest a mere usufructuary and possessory right
over the conquered territory, reserving the final
and absolute property and dominion o-pr it to be
determined by a treaty of peace, or that which was
equivalent to such a treaty.
But what did we find in the proclamation issued
by one of our naval commanders? "We found a
form of government established, with terms of
office for those who were to administer it of four
years: a teivm as long as that of the very highest
officer known to the Constitution. "W e found
everything looking to a definitive annexation to
the Union. Cap}ain Stockton had proclaimed that
California was a Territory of the United States, to
be known as 4< the IVrrifrtry of California,,J tnus
creating a Territory, and christening it in a breath.
Now there were members of that House who de-
sired to know—(and this was the poiiit, for Mr.
W. did not question the patriotic intentions of
Commodore Stockton at all*, Sie desired \o speak
with nothirts; W.t admiralioii for the valor and gal-
lantry of our army and navy, and volunteers)—
whether the President h\d authorized the estab-
lishment of such a government, or had sanctioned
the act of Ins of.icer in tiv's establishing it.
And this inquiry became ten times more im-
portant from the language of certain portions of
the Executive messace just received. Mr. W.
might have regarded the whole matter as compara-
tively of little importance, had he not looked with
some care into the terms of this very extraordinary
communication. It commenced with congratuJa-
' ting Congress on " the vast extension of our ter-
ritorial limits/' What did this mean? The Presi-
dent, in a former message, it would be recollccted,
had congratulated Congress on the acquisition of
Texa4?. jNTo one could forget the vaunting teims
in which that extension was spoken of, as having
been "a bloodless achievement." What, did he
now mean by congratulating us on the vase exten-
sion of our territorial limits at this moment, unless
it implied that the territories brought by conquest
into our temporary possession were really a per-
manent acquisition to our established limits? [A
voice: "Oreo on."] Oregon? Oregon, he thought,
was ours befuie; nay, we had had t\v*ee ay much
of it before as we had now; surely he did not con-
gratulate us on the extension of our limits there,
after ceding awav one-half ol it. [A laugh.] *Vhat
did the President mean? He said that—
" Bv the law? of nations a conquered tciriforv is subject
, to he governed by the canqueioi during h*- military posses-
sion., and until theie is either a treaty et peace, or hf ?nau
voluntaiilv wifndraw fioni ]t. The old civil goverument
■ bc ins necc?o«aiily superseded, it is the right ana duty of the
conqueior to secme his conquest, arid to provide fur tn©
maintenance of civil oidet and the rights of the inhabitants.
Tins liTht has Wen cxeicised, and this duty pcrffnmed, by-
eui mihtar\ and naval command0!**, by the estahhslunerit 01
temporary* government5? in pome of the conquered provinces
in Mexico* assimilating them as tar as ptacticahle to tluMree
jnstitimon-3 of our own couiitiv. In the pi ounces of
Mexico and of the California*, little, if any, fartm r resist-
aaee 1* apprehended fiom the inhabitants to l)ie temporary
. government* which have thus, fiom the necessity o.tue
case, and according to the laws of war, been estal hs hea.'>
• Thus far, he spoke of these new governments aa
temoorary only. Mr. W. thanked h.m for that,
But'what followed this acknowledgment? The
President went on to say:
1 " It mav b^ pjoperto provide for the security of these igi-
Tvortant commits, bv niaKing an adequate appropriation tor
the ptirpopfi of erecting fortifications and dcrravmg the ex-
the purpose . . _
pen?e3 neeessarily incident to the maintenance
posscs&ioa and authority over them."
of our
