1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
ter understood the law of nations; and it was due
to him to make this call, that he might have the
opportunity of saying whether he had or had not
ordered such a proceeding. He desired the Presi-
dent might have the opportunity presented to him
of indignantly repudiating such doctrine, and all
acts founded upon it—doctrines and acts in direct
contradiction to all that could be found on the re-
corded panes of the history of civilized man.
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. DAR11AGH obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion for adjournment, which prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 10, 1846.
The Hon. Johx Macphehson Berriek,( Whig,)
of Georgia, appeared in his seat to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
REPORTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
■a report from the Secretary of War, made in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, exhibiting
the names of the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, and private soldiers killed, wounded, and
missing at the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de '
la Palma, with their age, occupation, and place of
birth; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, the annual report of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey; which was, upon motion by Mr.
HUNTINGTON, laid upon the table, and order-
ed to be printed, together with five hundred addi-
tional copies, two hundred and fifty copies thereof
for the use of the office of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey.
Also, the annual report of the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting the accounts of the
Treasury for the last two quarters of 1845, and the
first two quarters of 1846; which was laid upon
the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Francis (
P. Ferreira, administrator of Francis Pass, de- ;
ceased, praying remuneration for the destruction [
of the property of the deceased by the troops of j
the United States, in the years 3812 and 1813; 1
which was laid upon the table.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the petition of Charles
Gillha.m, praying a pension on account of dis-
ability incurred while in the military service of the
United States; which was laid upon the table.
INCREASED PAY TO THE ARMY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to bring in a bill to increase,
during the continuance of the present war with
Mexico, the pay of the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, of the army of the United
States, including the volunteers; and also to pro-
vide for the granting certificates of merit to such
of them as may distinguish themselves by per-
sonal acts of extraordmar)' devotion or bravery in
the performance of their duty, and that those to
whom such certificates are granted shall receive,
in virtue thereof, additional pity at the rate of 
dollars per month during their continuance in ser-
vice.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That {tie Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing an additional judicial district in the
State of Illinois.
MAILS TO AND FROM THE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SEMPLE also submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicatc to the Senate what
measures, if any, have been taken for the trans-
mission of letters and papers to and from the vol-
unteers now in the service of the United States in
Mexico; and whether, in his opinion, any legisla-
tive action is necessary to secure the speedy trans-
mission and delivery of such letters and papers.
APPOINTMENT OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEWIS submitted the following resolu-
tion , and moved its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Vice President be authorized
to appoint the standing committees of the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was constrained to
vote against the resolution. He voted against a
similar resolution at the last session. He did so
then, and he pursued the same course now, be-
cause he believed the delegation of this power to
the Vice President of the United States to be im-
proper. It was no imputation upon that officer—•
no evidence of any want of confidence in him, to
refuse to delegate the power. Twenty years ago
this question was solemnly decided by the Senate
after full debate, and the refusal of the Senate to
confer the power on the then Vice President of the
| United States, [Mr. Calhoun,] was not merely
j acquiesced in by that gentleman, but his cordial
approval ofit was declared by him, and in aspeeeh
j from the chair, was placed on general and consti-
tutional grounds. The vote by which the power
wasrefused to be conferred upon him was that of his
Democratic friends in the Senate. The Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, except by the constitu-
tional provision making him President of the Sen-
ate, and giving him a casting vote in case of tie,
has no connexion with the Senate—is not necessa-
rily a component of it, and is in nowise respon-
i sible to it, or under its control. Except as its
; President, lie is as much a stranger to the Se,nate.
J as any other officer of the Government created by
j the Constitution. The same objection does not
apply to giving the power to the President pro tem-
pore, who is one of the members of the Senate—
an officer elected by it, and subject to its control.
There is no peculiar fitness or appropriateness in
giving this power to the Vice Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, arising from the fact, that when he
attends the Senate the Constitution makes him its
President. The committees are the committees of
the Senate; and if the argument of convenience is
to control, it is as strong in favor of the power
be in 2; conferred on anybody else as on the Vice
President of the United States. When the reso-
lution was offered last session, the Senator from
Missouri, not now in his seat, [Mr. Bextox,! in
opposing it, read a portion of the debates in 1826,
when the decision adverted to was made. A s<and- j
ing rule was subsequently adopted by the Senate, j|
confirming that decision, which rule bad never :
been abrogated, and that rule must be rescinded
or suspended to allow this resolution to be carried ;
out. Mr. W. said he saw no good reason for j:
doing this. The selection of the committees by
ballot would not probably take an hour. He re- u
peated that he opposed this resolution now. as he !■
did at the last session, on generaljrrounds entirely, !.
and because he regarded the course which the I
standing rule prescribed as the true Democratic
course, and the correct constitutional course. ;
Mr. LEWIS said that he did not see that the !
reasons which had been advanced at the first ses- !;
sion of this Congress, against the appointment of
the committees by the Vice President could anply 1
with the same force to the second session. There |
was an urgent necessity, in his opinion, that no h
time should be lostin the appointment of the com- ''
mittees. Petitions had already been laid on the '
tabic, waiting for reference to the appropriate com- [;
mittees, and many more were on the hands of Sen- |j
ators. Unless this resolution were adopted, these i!
petitions would perhaps not be presented and re- -1
ferred for a week to come. He hoped such % delay
would be avoided by the adoption of his resolu- i
tion.
Mr. MANGUM said, that when a similar reso- :
lution was introduced last session, he felt it to be
his duty at that time—with the most perfect re-
spect, certainly, towards the presiding officer—to
oppose its passage, on the ground that he consider-
ed it wrong in principle, and every way objection-
able, to confer so large a power upon one in no
sense responsible to the Senate for its proper excr-
(use. It was true that the same objection did not
apply, with the same force at least, to the second ,
session, because it was not to be presumed that':
any presiding officer would not have a due consid-
eration for the wishes and inclination of the Sen- ,
ate, when these had been already indicated, as
had been done by the balloting of last session.
Nevertheless, he thought the principle wrong, i
utterly wrong, and that the objection presented
itself,"although in a mitigated form, at the second
session as at the first. The ease was very different
j from that of an officer appointed by the will of the ,
■ body, and responsible to that body for the abuse '
of power. He was aware that, on a former occa-
sion, the press, which takes cognizance of every-
thing that passes here, had intimated that the op-
position which was offered to a proposition of this
sort, proceeded from party feeling. It was not so
as regarded himself. He had opposed the resolu-
tion as involving a principle which ought to be
inviolable. As regarded the petitions which were
to be presented, it "had been the practice either to
defer the presentation of such petitions, or else to
present them, and present them to lie on the table
until the appointment of the committees, which
appointment, he insisted, ought to be in-accordance
with the prescribed mode, that is, by ballot.
Mr. LEWIS repeated, in a tone inaudible from
his position under the gallery, that he had no other
object, in view than to facilitate the public business
byan immediate distribution ofthe petitions among
the appropriate committees. It was not his desire
to produce any discussion, and, if it was the pleas-
ure of the Senate, he would withdraw the "resolu-
tion .
[Cries of "No"' "No!" " No !" from several
Senators around,]
Mr. LEWIS. Well, then, let the question be
taken on the resolution.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution: and, a division being called for,
it was negatived: For the resolution 18, against it
23.
Mr. SEVIER then offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock,
the Senate proceed to ballot for the standing com-
mittees,
DRY-DOCK AT PENSACOLA.
Mr. YULEE gave notice that on to-morrow, or
at some early day, he would introduce a bill to
provide for the construction of a dry-dock atPen-
sacola, for the use of the navy of the United
States.
ADDITIONAL JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN FLORIDA.
Mr. YULEE also gave notice of a bill for estab-
lishing an additional judicial district m Florida,
and for other purposes.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. UPHAM gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill for changing the .places and time
of holding the United States courts in the State of
Vermont.
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN "WATERS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN gave notice that, on to-
morrow, or the first day thereafter on which an
opportunity should offer, he would introduce a
bill making appropriations for the removal of ob-
structions in the navigation of western rivers.
PRE-EMFTION RIGHTS.
Mr. ASHLEY gave notice of a bill to establish
preemption rights to actual settlers upon the pub-
lic lands, and a number of other bills.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON THE LIBRARY.
• The resolution from the House of Representa-
tives for the. appointment of a joint committee to
superintend the purchase of books for the Library
of Congress, &c., was taken up and concurred in.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Camf.rox, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee, on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of granting one hundred and sixty acres of land to
each non-commissioned officer, musician, and pri-
vate soldier, who may or shall have volunteered to
serve during the present war with Mexico, and
also of increasing the compensation now allowed
by the War Department, for the transportation and
subsistence of the volunteer troops from their
i homes to the places of rendezvous in their diflor-
ent States.
Mr CAMERON explained that the reason for
his askin" of the Senate its early action on this
resolutionwas, that the volunteers m the Pennsyl-
vania regiment, which was the first regiment ready
for service under the late call from the W ar De-
partment, are now on their march. The compen-
' sation allowed to volunteers on their way to the
place of rendezvous was entirely insufficient to en-
able them to reach their destination, it being only
■ about fifty cents for every twenty miles. Some of
