20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
these volunteers Uveas much as two or three hun-
dred miles from the point where they are required.
They are destitute of means of their own, and but
for the kindness exhibited by their fellow-citizens
would not have been able to proceed on their
march. A great portion of the troops are now on
the road, and he hoped that the Committee on
Military Affairs would take early action on the
subject.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after a short time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 10,1846.
The 3 ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Messrs. James Thompson,* of Pennsylvania,
Towns,"- of Georgia, and Darcan,* of Alabama,
appeared, and took their seats.
1 The SPEAKER announced that the unfinished
business was the resolution heretofore offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Several members rising and addressing the
Chnir—
Mr. HOPKINS insisted on the regular order of
business, with a view, he said, to dispose of jt this
day.
The SPEAKER paid, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Darragii] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PARRAGH rose, but yielded the floor at
the request of
Mr. G. DAVIS, who modified his resolution to
read as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this Hou^e copies
of all orders or instructions to General Taylor,
General Wool, General Kearny, Captain Sloat, or
Captain Stockton, touching the establishment of
civil government in any portions of Mexico which
have been, or may bo, held by the army or navy
of the United States, also, conies of all instruments
or forms of government, proclamations, or other
papers, that may have been established, organized,
utt^ied, and published, by snid officer.*-, or either
of them: also, that the IVchident inform this House
whether he had approved and recognised any gov-
ernment so established, and all the actings and
doings of the officer establishing if relating thereto;
that he further inform this House whether any
such f ;ovcrnmCiit has, in whole or in part, been
established within the limits of the State of Texas;
that the President also inform this House whether
he intends to prosecute the existing war with
Mexico for the permanent conquest and acquisi-
tion of iN>w Mexico, Chihuahua, New Leon,
Tamauhnas. San Louis Potosi, or any other part
of the Mexican States; and for what specific ob-
jects he intends to prosecute said war; and that
the President communicate such parts of the infor-
mation herem asked of him as he shall deem ex-
pedient, to this House, with closed doors.
Mr. DAIIRAGH, who was entitled to the floor,
then addressed the House. Pie expressed his re-
gret that he had been absent during a portion of
the debate yesterday, and especially while the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
tiirop] was speaking, whose remarks he had been
especially desirous of heanug.
As to the resolution offered by the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, there seemed to be a
general disposition to pass it; and it had been ob-
jected to, only because the mover himself and other
gentlemen oil that s'do of the House had taken oc-
casion fi o:n it to call in question the unwarrantable
acts of ci-vrain executive officers. Whether the
account pubhshed respecting those acts were true
or not, it.was a fit and proper occasion to make
such an inqmry. Whoever had examined, or
even read the President's message, must at once
be convinctd that it was in trie nature of a special
argument in defence of the Administration—an
appeal, written to go before the people, and pre-
senting hut one side only of the eas'e. This was
the time to counteract this attempt at misrepresent-
ation, by bringing out the real facts of the case.
* Democrats*
As to the question whether we possessed the
right to establish a government in New Mexico
and California, m consequence^of our holding
those Mexican provinces by military occupation,
that was not the true question at issue. What
was the state of the fact ? Our army had entered
the Mexican territory, and taken forcible posses-
sion of certain portions of it which we now held.
What were our rights in the provinces thus
held ? What were they as laid down in the law
of nations? Our only right was that of self-pro-
tection. We had this right, and no more. This
Mr. D. understood to be a military power. That
we had a right of civil government in a territory
not yet forming any part of the United States, he
presumed no gentleman would seriously contend.
To establish such a government was the veiy
highest act of sovereignty. If the President had
ordered his officers to do this, or if they had at-
tempted it without orders, they had done what
they had no right to do If it were indeed true
that General Kearny, at Santa Fe, had proclaim-
ed himself Governor of New Mexico; had ap-
pointed subordinate officers of government, pre-
scribed their functions, and the tenure of their
ofaces, and even called upon the people to choose
a delegate whom they might send into that Repre-
sentative Hall, he had done that which he had no
right to do, and it was highly proper that the
people should know from an official source whether
he had done this or not. Mr. D. repeated, that
the only power General K. had a right to exercise
there v/as the power of self-protection—the pro-
tection of himself and his army; and this sprang
out of that natural right of every man, the right
of self-defcnce. This natural and unalienable
riffht, which belonged to every man, was summed
up and concentrated in the army as a collective
right. This was the rule by which our power was
to be measured, and this sprang out of the neces-
sity of the case. But the establishment of civil
government was the high and deliberate act of the
people of a coimhy.
It seemed to him a very queer notion that the
President of the United States had a right to
establish g. civil government either within or with-
out the limits of this Union. The moment you
invested him with a power like that, you made
him at once a dictator. *
In Mr. D.'s view, the honorable gentleman
fiom Kentucky [Mr. Dams] had presented a true
view of this subject. The resolution was a reso-
lution of inquiry, demanding to know whether
any instructions had been given by the President
to our commanding officers, naval or military, to
establish civil government in the provinces of
Mcxico, or if he had approved such acts. And
why should not such an inquiry be addressed to
the Executive?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass]
said that we were conquerors, and as such had the
rights of conquest. Conquerors ? conquest? These
were new, wholly new terms under the Constitu-
tion of the United States. But if it were true that
we were conquerors, we should possess, as such,
only the rights of military possession. But, he
repeated it, these were new terms to the Constitu-
tion. Where was this power of conquest recog-
nised in that sacred instrument? What provision
did it contain for the gratification of our new-bom
rapacity for the acquisition of additional territory
to the Union? There were but three modes in
which territory could be acquired by any nation—
discovery, treaty, and conquest; and, of these,
conquest was ihe weakest. It was so regarded
even in Europe, where wars of ambition and ag-
grandizement had been usual for centuries. Gen-
tlemen talked of acquiring possession of the teiri-
tory of Mexico by conquest. Why, it was not
quite certain that we could acquire territory even
in the second mode, viz: by treaty. Even this
had been seriously doubted by some of the most
intelligent and eminent men in this country, anions
whom stood Mr. Jefferson. When the purchase
of Louisiana was made, the annexation was done
by treaty, and even then Mr. Jefferson himself
seriously questioned the right of the treaty-making
powei by the Constitution to make such a treaty,
though that mode of acquisition was infinitely
higher than that by mere conquest. Mi. D. had
supposed that it was the especial doctrine of the
Democratic party that we could not acquire terri-
tory by conquest; and it was from this doctrine
that that other Democratic tenet grew, viz: that
the Government could not, by treaty or otherwise,
alienate an inch of territory once ours.
Mr. D. repeated that he thought the inquiry a
proper one in itself, and made in a proper form.
Meanwhile, leaving the immediate subject of
the resolution, Mr. D, wished to call the attention
of the House to some things in the Executive mes-
sage. As it was probable he should have no other
opportunity of doing so, he would seize that which
now presented, jtself to express his opinions on
that document." He should say nothing on its
style; he admitted it was well put together, if its
purpose was to blink the main question it pro-
fessed to elucidate. It was at least a cunningly-
devised instrument, if it was not an able Suite
paper.
in the first place, Mr. D. took exception to the
tone in which the President undertook to designate
those who entertained and expressed doubts as to
the justice and propriety of the war. Nov/ Mr. D.
never had refused to vote any appropriation heie-
tofore asked for prosecuting the war, nor did he
intend to do so; and yet he might entertain doubts
as to the justice and morality of the war. What
did the President say?
" I deem it to be my duty to present to you, on the pres-
ent occasion, a condensed view of the injuries we had sus-
tained, of the*$auses which led to the war, ami of its pro-
gress smce its commencement. Tln  is rendered the more
necessary bccause of the misapprehensions which have to
some extent prevailed as to its oiism and true character.
The war has been represented as unjust and unnecessary,
and as one of furgresj-ion on our pait upon a weak and in-
jured enemy. Such erroneous views, though enteitained
by but tew, have been widely arid extensively circulated, not
only at home, but have been spread throughout Mexico and
die whole woikl. A moi-e effectual means could not have
been deviled to encourage the enomv and protmct the war,
than to advocate and adhere to their cause, and thus give
them 4aid and comloit.' "
I All, then, who doubted the propriety of the war,
either in its inception or progress, were to be de-
nounced as traitors, and charged with a disposition
to aid and comfoit the enemies of the country.
The verv liberty of thought and of speech must
pass for treasonable if it was not in favor of the
war. And this was language to be uttered by a
President of the United States respecting all who
demurred to the propriety of his measures! Were
! men to be thus denounced for exercising the right
1 of thinking? But the message went on to say:
i 11 It is a source of national pride and exultation that the
: great body of our people have thrown no such obstacles in
: the way of the Government pro-eiutinij the war success-
: fully, but have shown themselves to be eminently pitriotic,
I and ready to vindicate their countiy's honor and inteu^t at
any sacrifice. The alaoiity and promptness with which our
' vohmteei forces rushed to the field on their countiy's cat?,
: prove not only their patiiotssm, but their deep conviction
. that our cause is just."
Mr. D. dissented from this position. He did
not doubt in the least that many of those who
were themselves personally engaged in conducting
the war did enteitam serious doubts of its justice
and propriety. Bccause Americans, acting lilse
the true sons of their country, were filled with
patriotic devotion to maintain the honor of her
aims and the unsullied gloiy of her flag, did it
follow that the war was popular? Was this any
certain evidence of their conviction that our cause
was just? No such thing. But, if the populari-
ty of the war, and of the Administration in con-
ducting it, was to b& judged by a test of this kind,
what would gentlemen say to the disbanded forces
of their own political party ? Men who had fought
for Mr. Polk most heroically in the canvass of 1844
had turned their backs upon him in multitudes. If
the rush of men to the field was to be deemed and
taken as a proof of their deep approval of the war,
and of those who had originate®'and were conduct-
ing it, what was to be inferred from a rush in the
opposite direction, and their abandonment of Mr.
Polk and his partisans in the hour of tual5 How-
happened it that, in the late elections, those great
State majorities, which had for vears and years
been dominant and irresistible, had suddenly been
crushed, if there were not a deep-settled conuc-
tion in the minds of the people against his meas-
ures r
The main drift of this whole Executive message
was obviously to justify the war. The first four
pages of the entire document were taken up in thai
endeavor. It set forth a long detail of the continual
wrongs inflicted upon us by the Mexican Govern-
ment. To all this Mr. D. had nothing to say.
That we had just cause of war he was ready to
admit: that all our difficulties might long since
have been adjusted, he also believed. That tho
