1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
ence to the partition and limitations of powers
among the different departments of our Govern-
ment under the Constitution—to which we have
now come: to what extent may the President
alone cxercise powers over conquered provinces}
and from what sources are those powers derivable ?
These, Mr. Speaker, are indeed most delicate and
interesting questions of constitutional law, now
for the first lime in the history of our country
presented practically. They open an unexplored
field of the Constitution, and raise momentous
inquiries, in legavd to which too great circum-
spection and foresight cannot be exercised. If
undue latitude of construction should now prevail,
and- the Executive, as such, be endued with the
full armor which the war power of the Constitu-
tion and the law of nations afford in our national
conflicts in foreign countries, we shall open in our
national path a yawning chasm, to ingulf all
the noble federative features of our Government,
and cast up in their stead but a monstrous cen-
tralism. Establish but a false precedent here, and
the events of no distant time may engrave it as an
epitaph on the tomb of our constitutional liberty
and free institutions. I speak not thus from any
distrust of the present Executive. I am its
friend. I believe it would never knowingly desire
such dangerous precedent, and be the last to exer-
cise unwarranted powers. But still, m exercise by
any unconstitutional authority is dangerous, and its
advances in later times, and in less pure hands,
might verify the most fatal forebodings. Thus
admonishing, and myself impressed, I ask, then,
again, what are the powers, the Executive, as
such, may exercise during war over conquered
dominions of the enemy, and whence derived?
My answer is, unhesitatingly, none derivable from
the Constitution, as merely executive poicei^.
We have seen, from my previous argument,
that the nation conquering subdued provinces is
clearly entitled and bound, so fcir as compatible
with self-defence and the maintenance of its con-
quest, to establish provisional civil governments,
and may also, going much further, if it so elect,
even incorporate its conquest and its inhabitants
with her dominions and among her citizens. But
may either or both these powers be exercised by
the President as executive powers? I humbly
think riot. If the power to do either or both be
confeired by that clause of the Constitution which
reposes absolutely all the executive powers granted
in the President, then you endow him exclusively
with them, to be exercised at his discretion and
under his sole control. The powers will be be-
yond the reach, and not subject to the governance
of the Legislature of the Union. Derive them
from that clause, and let this war last ten or twen-
ty years, you would make the Executive a mon-
arch , absolute over extensive provinces. He might
frame governments, appoint officers, levy contri-
butions, and even raise aimies in his extensive
conquests, and govern with all the power, if not
even with the pomp and circumstance of an eastern
emperor. Such startling consequences can never
justly result from the legitimate, functions of our
constitutional executive. To some other clause,
then, of our Constitution, must resort be had for
the powers to be exercised by the President over
conquered provinces; for that seriouspowers should
devolve on him is evidently both right and natu-
ral. That noble instiument which, from the wis-
dom of its framing, has proved equal to all emer-
gencies arising in our history, will not, I ven-
tme to think, be found wanting heie. I humbly
suggest that all requisite powers will be found con-
ferred on the President by one or both of two
other clauses of the Constitution. I allude to that
to which I prefer to refer it, which declares the
President shall be ex-officio the commander-in-
chief of the military and naval forces of the Union,
and to that clause which renders it incumbent on
him to see that the laws are faithfully executed.
The powers hence derived (and it is a distinction
worthy of note) would be under the constant con-
trol and supervision of the legislature of the
Union. As commander of the forces merely, his
powers may be defined and limited by precedent
legislation, or may be controlled and overruled by
subsequent enactments. Now, having obtained
the source of his powers and the character in
which he can alone act, it is not difficult to deter-
mine with some precision the extent of authority
he may rightfully exercise over conquered prov-
inces.
We have seen that the power—at once a right
and a duty of a conqueror—to establish provisional
civil governments, results from the high military
functions of defending his army and its conquest,
and the obligation of exercising the authority
with which, from having superseded by force the
existing civil polity of the conquered province, he
must of necessity be for the time invested, in the
greatest practicable conformity with justice and
humanity towards the subject people. The power,
therefore, of establishing provisional temporary
governments over the conquered provinces of
Mexico; of personally, or through his command-
ers, making all essential modifications and changes
in the cxistinginstitutions of the conquered people,
and of taking all the steps requisite and proper to
maintain order, protect the people, and administer
justice, clearly appertained to the commission and
functions of a generalissimo, and might be, as it
probably has been, exercised by the President in
his capacity as commander-in-chief under the Con-
stitution. But his powers in that capacity over
these conquered provinces of Mexico might have
been at any time heretofore limited or more clearly
defined by the legislation of Congress, as the sub-
ject of his past action may even now be controlled
or regulated by further enactments. All the ar-
rangements made by the President, or his com-
manding generals and the provisional governments
established by them in all their features, together
with the whole subject of the powers which shall
be hereafter exercised in those provinces by the
President, may now come under the review and
action of this Congress; and ii would, perhaps, be
well, that after attaining a fuller knowledge of all
the circumstances of the country, and amore-com-
prehensive survey than could have been enjoyed
by the President, we should proceed to legislate
in relation to the forms of provisional governments
to be retained over these conquered provinces, and
to define more specially the functions of the au-
thorities to be employed in them. But whether
we mav choose to act now or not, it is clear, (is it ii
not?) that in the absence of precedent legislation |1
regulating the powers of the President as com- ''
mander-m-chief, he has not, in the establishment
of provisional governments over the conquered
provinces of Mexico, exceeded, but only discharged
his clear functions. It may be asked, however,
how, if this authority of the President pertain to
him as commander alone, and be subject to the
control of the Legislature, in the absence of prece-
dent legislation conferring such power, he could
rightfully exercise it? It might be contended, in
reply, that the general act declaring war and au-
thorizing the President to prosecute it, sufficed to
confer all the powers incident to .war and result-'
ing from his functions as commander. But grant-
ing, as I am inclined to think, there was no legisla-
tion contemplating with sufficient precision the
peculiar contingencies which have arisen from the
glorious achievements of our armies, nor the pow-
ers to be exercised by our commander-in-chief,
still are there not laws of controlling authority,
within the scope of which the powers exercised j
by him were appropriately embraced, and by which
his action is fully justified ? The laws of nations
measuring and defining the powers of a nation and
its agents in war as in peace, have they not again
and again been solemnly recognised ana acted on ?
Under the clause of the Constitution requiring that
the President should see the laws faithfully exe-
cuted, is he not bound to see, in all our interna-
tional relations, by our consular and diplomatic
agents in peace, by our armies and generals in
war, that the laws of nations be observed and ful-
filled? Was he not, then, bound to see that the
obligations imposed by the laws of nations to a
conquered people were respected and obeyed ?
Nor does this view conflict with the position that
his authority and action might have-been, and still
may be, controlled by our legislation: for how-
ever obligatory, in the absence of other legislation,
the laws of nations, it is ever subject, in its opera-
tion on our own authorities, even the highest, to
be modified or controlled by the legislature of the
nation.
Passing, Mr. Speaker, from the right., now, f
trust, demonstrated, nf the President to establish
provisional civil governments, to an examination
of his powers m connexion with that Jiigher privi-
lege which we have seen is accorded by the law of
nations to a conquering sovereign, of incorporating '
the territory ana inhabitants of a conquered prov-
ince in its ovn dominions, it will, I presume, bfr
apparent to all who have honored me with their
attention, that, in my opinion, such high preroga-
tive is wholly beyond the lawful powers of thfe
President, either as the depository, under the Con-
stitution, of its executive authority, or as the com-
mander-in-chief of our national forces. Since
even the lesser power of temporary rule is not
conferred on him by the clause giving the execu-
tive authority, of course this far greater privilege
must be held excluded from its scope. And nei-
ther <to his character as corrima'nder, whence alone
his legitimate powers in relation to conquered
provinces, in my opinion, spring, nor to the func-
tions incident to his military authority, can there
legitimately pertain the exercise of the trascendant
authority to annex territories and incorporate citi-
zens in our Union. Such act cannot be necessary
on the ground of self-defence for the security of the
army and its conquest, nor is it required by the
duty of governing the subjected people yith all
practicable humanity and justice which is im-
posed on the conquering commander by their -
submission. While, therefore, this power of
annexation and incorporation cleaily belongs to
the conquering nation, it comes not within the
functions and duties of a mere commander, how-
ever high in position, but is a high prerogative ap-
pertaining to the sovereignty of the conquering
nation, and to be exercised only upon its election
and by solemn act. It would require a change in
the organic law of this Government before such
prerogative could be exercised by our executive.
Under our Constitution, the highest departments
must conjoin to exert such power. It can only be
effected by a solemn act of legislation, requiring the
assent of both Houses of Congress and the approval
of the Executive, or through the hio;h functions of
the treaty-making power by a definitive treaty of
peace. War, in many respects, from the neces-
sity of the case, must enlarge the scope of execu-
tive power, and add to his influence and authority.
In some cases it may overswtep the ordinary
restraints of civil institutions, but it can never right-
fully break down the limitations of our Constitu-
tion, or merge into one the distinct departments of
our Government. That the Executive alone, be-
cause of the existence of war, should be at liberty,
at his own will and pleasure, to incorporate into
this Union a boundless extent of territory, and to
admit to all the rights and obligations of citizens
under our free institutions their inhabitants—people
of any race or color, and alien wholly to our laws
and language—is utterly preposterous. It may be—
I determine not the question now even for myself—
hereafter politic and just, that after long-continued
peaceable possession, or after a definitive treaty of
peace confirming our dominion, some or all the
conquered provinces of Mexico should be incor-
porated, and their citizcns admitted into our Union;
but whenever done, it can only be by the highest
act of the sovereignty of the nation, the people, in
the mode prescribed by the Constitution, and un-
derall thesanctionsof thatsacred instrument. Nor,
Mr. Speaker, do I hazard anything in expressing
the firm conviction that the President has never
contemplated, much less attempted, such startling
acts of annexation and incorporation by his sole
authority as have been here charged on him. Rely
upon it, he has confined himself to his clear right
and duty of establishing mere provisional govern-
ments, and securing to the conquered people the
blessings of civil institutions during our military
occupancy. Further he has not essayed to go.
I care not for, nor should we be misled by, the
vague phraseology or loose assurances contained
in the alleged proclamations of General Kearny
and Commodore Stockton,—gallant, patriotic offi-
cers, undoubtedly, but without reproach to them,
certainly not learned civilians nor constitutional
lawyers. As commanders, charged with interna-
tional relations, they have been pcihaps more ha-1
hituated to consider, and in the present instance
have more consulted the powers conferred on their
conquering country by the laws of nations, than
the constitutional limitations and partition of power
applicable to the different departments of our Gov-
ernment ; as we have heretofore seen, in the
utmost extreme of their supposed action, they
have kept strictly within the pale of the law of
nations, and given no just cause of complaint
either to Mexico or neutral nations. With cir-
cumspection to that extent they were perhaps con-
tent. They may have heedlessly transcended the
