26
THE CONGRESSSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
authority with which alone the Executive could
invest them, and some of their acts may not
meet approval. If so, their venial errors, but the
offspring of an excess of spirit and patriotism, will
readily claim the indulgent lenity of the country,
and provoke only a smile at_ their boldness. But
the case would be far otherwise if the President
had authorized such procedure, -and usurped the
high prerogative of annexation and admission to
citizenship in the Union. He would be held as a
civilian, as the chief magistrate of this nation, ac-
countable for better knowledge and rrrore just esti-
mate of his powers, and be justly subjected to
a severer judgment and sterner rebuke. But,
sir, we have not the instructions actually given, and
the assumption that he has so confounded the
powers of the Government, and exceeded his pe-
culiar functions, is alike unwarrantable and unjust.
Instead of having justification for such conclusion,
we are authorized, nay, bound to believe, from the
principles explicitly avowed in his message the
other day, that he has fuily appreciated his powers
and duties in relation to thos^ conquered provinces,
and strictly conformed to them. In a passage of
that message, he expounds the principles of the
law of nations, and the rights and duties involved
in the functions of the commanding generals in
relation to theconquered provinces of Mexico, with
a precision and accuracy worthy of all praise; and
it is impossible, in view of that passage, to sup-
pose, that in one jot or tittle has he misconceived
or violated his authority and duties; and I was
gratified, on yesterday, to hear from the able gen-
tleman from" Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,]
that to the principles there avowed there could be
no just exception or objection. That passage is
as follows;
" By the laws of nations a conquered territory
4 is sublet to be governed by the conqueror during
4 his military possession, and until theie is either
4 a treaty of pence, or lie shall voluntarily withdraw
' from it. The old civil government being neces-
4 sarily superseded, it is the right and duty of the
' conqueror to secure his conquest, and to provide
4 for the maintenance of civil oider and the rights
' of the inhabitants. This right has been exercised,
4 and this duty performed, by our military and naval
4 commanders, by the establishment of temporary ;
4 governments in some of the conquered provinces
4 in Mexico, assimilating them as far as practicable
4 to the free institutions of our own country."
You see here the clear limitation which the Presi-
dent lias placed on his powers, and how their exer-
cise has been confined to the establishment, by his
commanders, of provisional and temporary civil gov-
ernments alone. Now, docs not common sense, as
well as simple justice, require us to believe, in the
absence of the actual instructions given to our com-
manders, they will be found conformable strictly
to principles so clearly understood and avowed ?
Can it be supposed the President would commit
such besotted folly as to give instructions of one
kind,and then defineprineiples and select a position
in his message which, so far from sustaining, would ,
actually condemn and rebuke them ? The idea is
incredible.
The views which I have expressed will fully
apply to the authority and action of the President,
in establishing provisional governments over all
the territories of Mexico, which have been con-
quered and occupied by our troops. But it has
been intimated here, that as the President has
maintained in his message that all the territory on
this side of the Rio Grande, from its source to its
mouth, constitutes rightfully a part of Texas, the
same principles could not apply to that when seized
by our victorious commanders as to conquered ter-
ritories of Mexico proper; and that such portion
of Texas, when wrested from Mexican possession,
should at once have been surrendered to Texas,
and its inhabitants subjected to her laws, and se-
cured in*all the guarantied rights of citizens of one
of the States of the Union. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
will not pretend here to enter on the vexed ques-
tion, how far the limits of Texas rightfully extend.
Nor is it necessary. One thing, at least, must be
admitted by all, even the bitterest opponents of the
Administration, and that is, that from the time of
the treaty with Santa Ana, which ensued from the
battle of San Jacinto, Texas has invariably claimed
that her rightful boundaries extended to the Rio
Grande, from its mouth to its source, and that her
constitution expressly so defines and declares her
limits. Well, when in this state of things, Texas
was admitted into the Union, she was received
just as she was, with all her actual possessions
and rightful claims; but with the right expressly
reserved, in contemplation of peaceful negotiations,
to this Government to settle her boundaries with
Mexico. In exercise of this right, and discharge
of our corresponding obligation to Texas, but in a
spirit of the utmost liberality to Mexico, we have
honestly and in good faith sought a pacific settle-
ment of these disputed boundaries. Magnani-
mously, again and again, with far more forbear-
ance than we would have manifested towards the
most powerful nation of the earth, have we made
overtures to Mexico for pacific negotiation and
liberal settlement of territorial disputes. Our over-
tures were refused, our offers scorned, and our
plenipotentiary, sent by invitation, denied recep-
tion. Hence, in the war, declared after long for-
bearance, one of its leading ends was the settle-
ment by force of these very boundaries. We were
certainly, then, entitled to seize and hold the terri-
tories m dispute. But should they have been im-
mediately surrendered to Texas, and their inhabi-
tants subjected to her jurisdiction and protection?
It may be well doubted, as full power over the set-
tlement of boundaries has been expressly reserved
to our Federal Government, whether these dispu-
ted territories can be properly regarded as an ascer-
tained part of Texas, since it is possible that all,
or considerable portions, may yet, by definitive
treaty of peace, be restored and confirmed to
Mexico. But granting all such disputed territory
to be undoubtedly part of Texas, how did it lie
with reference to her population and jurisdiction?
But a small poiUon of it—the country south of the
Nueces and near the mouth of the Rio Grande—
had been under the actual dominion of Texas, lay
contiguous to hei settlements or had been inhabit-
ed by citizens acknowledging her laws. That por-
tion might be readily brought under her jurisdic-
tion, and its inhabitants recognised as citizens, and
accordingly we find it left by our commanders to
the control of Texan authorities and to the gov-
ernance of her laws. No provisional government
was established there by military authority. But
the residue of the extensive disputed territory was
far otherwise situated. Remote, separated from
the settled portion of Texas by immense wastes or
rugged mountain ranges, in the actual possession
of Mexican authorities, and so far as inhabited at
all, peopled by enemies, who did not admit the
sovereignty of Texas and would riot submit to her
laws; under such circumstances it was impossi-
ble to maintain possession at all except by milita-
ry ascendency. The jurisdiction and authority of
Texas could not have been extended or exer-
cised over it; an(l to have pretended to surrender
it in deference to the sovereignty of Texas,
would have been at once a mockery and a forfeit-
ure of our conquests. The necessity of the case,
the actual circumstances of the country, render-
ed inevitable the maintenance of military rule, and
allowed it to be tempered only by the establish-
ment of a provisional government. Was this usur-
pation, or a violation of the constitutional rights
of a sovereign State of the Confederacy ? Texas
certainly does not complain. The war has been
declared with her cordial approval. Our armies,
even before it broke out, were invited into her ter-
ritories, and it may confidently be assumed that
she approves and confiims the necessary action of
our commanders in these disputed territories. In-
deed, the Representative here ol western Texas,
the region immediately concerned, tells us his
State and people are well content with their action.
Whence, then, the clamor and complaint on the
subject of the violation of Texan sovereignty and
the oppression of her citizens? Not from the State
itself, neither from its friends or the advocates of
its annexation. No; from its worst opponents—
the most vehement denouncers of its admission to
the Union. They, of all men, have now grown
so wondrous kind, and enrolled themselves as the
special champions of her sovereignty and the
rights of her citizens. The source exhibits the
pointlessness and futility of the complaint. In-
deed, Mr. Speaker, this whole subject may be
compressed into very brief compass. This dis-
puted territory belonged either to Texas or to
Mexico. If to Texas, it being under the control of
Mexico, and beyond the possible reach of its own-
: eris dominion and jurisdiction, we have seized it
; for her; and to maintain its possession, we, from
the necessity of the case, have h©ld it by military
authority, and established a provisional govern-
ment. If it belonged to Mexico, why, then, we
have but conquered and held a prorvince of the
enemy, and accorded to its people the blessing of
a temporary civil government. Gentlemen may
view it either way. Is it not clear there has been
no usurpation by the President of powers not
pertaining to him under the Constitution; no in*
vasion of the sovereignty of Texas of which she
can complain; and no injury or wrong, according
to the laws of nations, done either to Mexico or
neutral Powers?
Mr. WOODWARD said that he could have
wished that more time had been afforded the
House to examine and reflect upon the Executive
message, before they were called upon to express
opinions in regard to it: but the debate had been
forced upon them; a resolution of inquiry had been
moved, and every member was called on to say
now what he had to say, whether in the affirma-
tive or negative. Mr. W., for one, apprehended
that much had been advanced by gentlemen, on
both sides of the question, which could not be
sustained. The general subject was to be consid-
ered under two aspects: first, as under the law of
nations; and, secondly, as under the Constitution
of the United States. Whatever rights we might
possess over the conquered provinces of Mexico,
those rights existed not by the Constitution, but
by the laws of nations: they had no reference
whatever to any local organization. Whatever
they might be, they were the same without respcot
to domestic polity. Mr. W. dissented from some
of the positions taken yesterday by his friend from
South Carolina, {Mr. Rhett,] who had evidently
spoken impromptu: many of the principles he laid
down, however, were entirely correct; in others,
he [was certainly mistaken. So far was it from
being true that we owed no obligations to our ene-
my, there were some obligations we owed to none
else than a hostile nation. AH those obligations
which arose under the laws of war, were binding
on us when in a state of war: all the duties which
grew out of such a state of things, we were bound
to respect and to perform. Ail these we owed to
Mexico. It was not the President, or Captain
Stockton, in particular, who owed these obliga-
tions, but the whole Union—the entire Govern-
|| ment of the United States, in all its departments.
!| Whatever question, in this matter, arose under the
!| law of nations, was a question between Govern-
|, mems—a question between sovereigns. Not a
question merely as to what were the powers of a
commanding general, or what the functions of an
army; but a question touching the rights and du-
ties of sovereigns. We were not yet the sovereigns
of Mexico: Mexico was a foreign sovereignty to
us; and as such, though in hostile relation to us,
might claim all the obligations incident to the laws
of war.
The second aspect, however, in which we were
to look at this matter, presented a question under
the Constitution of the United States as to what
were the rights and duties resulting under that in-
strument to the different departments of our own
Government. On this point, Mr. W. purposed to
be very brief. The Constitution recognised a dif-
ference between the mere power to make battle,
and the power to create the regular legal relation
of war, as between sovereigns. According to that
instrument there were casesNvhere ^the President
might and must engage in hostilities, but yet it
conferred the regular war-power exclusively in
Congress. The power entrusted to the President
of the United States (and every Governor of a
State had the same) was a provisional power,
which he might exercise upon emergency until the
competent authority should declare war, or decline
to declare it. When that paramount power had
spoken all executive and subordinate power ceas-
ed. _ The President had nothing to do with the de-
claring of war, unless to approve or veto a bill by
which war was declared; but after war had been
actually declared by law, the President was at
once resolved (so far as war was concerned) into a
mere military officer; he was, ex officio, generalis-
simo of the army, and his power as such was to
be sought in the military law, not in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. The Constitution only
designated him as the person who was to head the
army: as to the authority he might exert as such,
it was precisely the same by the Constitution as
' Geneial Scott would have as the head of the army.
He was purely, and exclusively, a military officer,-
