1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
bo far as the war was concerned. And for what
purpose was he created such ? To fight and van-
quish the foe of the country, and with that view, to
invade his territory. But the war was our war,
not the President's. Its ends and purposes were
our ends and purposes; the array to carry it on
was our array; the generalissimo, though indicated
by the Constitution, to command the army, was
our generalissimo, and, in that capacity, he was |
wholly subordinate to Congress and to the civil |
authority. The President who commanded the J
army was not that President who approved or ve- j
toed bills, who received foreign ambassadors, who j
nominated judges and other high officers, and
j as such, the respective peoples had, besides indi-
! vidual rights, local and federal institutions. [Here
| Mr. W. quoted Vattel to this effect.]
j If the conquered country constituted an inte-
| grant part of a sovereignty , it passed in the same
' character into the possession of the conquering
general. If, for example, the State of Georgia
should he conquered by a French army, it would
be competent to the military head of the invading
army to proclaim the dissolution of her federal
relation to this Union—to abolish'the office of Rep-
resentatives or Senators in Congress. But mere
military authority could do no more. It could not
disturb the local lawS and institutions. The
made treaties; he was the commander of the army |j French sovereign alone could do that. The local
only, and as such was divested by the Constitu- j State Government would stand just as it was. The
tion of every political relation. The Constitution i| passages cited illustrated just what the military
might have made the Speaker of that House, or the |! authority of the United States could lawfully do
President of the Senate, commander-in-chief of1'within the subdued provinces of Mexico. Cali-
the army just as well as the President; and either ij fornia, New Mexico, Chihuahua, and whatever
of these officers, without any political power at all, •; other provinces we might take, were sovereign in-
would have had ail the military power the Presi- tegrants of the Mexican republic; and if the Presi-
dent had. So that those civil functions, in which || dent conquered them, he, in his military capacity,
lie cooperated with the two branches of the Legis- ; must take and hold them just as he found them,
lature, added nothing whatever to his authority as j Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, here inter-
a military officer. i posed to know whether lie had rightly understood
Well, then, whatwerehis duties as commander-!l his colleague's doctrine. If he understood his
in-chief? what were the powers of the generalissi- ' colleague, he said that if the State of Georgia were
mo of the army ? In the first place, to execute the
war, to fight the enemy, to invade his territories.
But, besides this, he had other duties to perform—
duties which this nation, as a nation, owed; tliey
were the duties of Congress, which we, the repre-
sentatives of the American people, owed to the
peaceful citizens of a country with which we were
at war, and which we had invaded. All military
officers, and the President as first among them,
were answerable for the performance of them to
conquered by Prance, her Senators in Congress
would, ipsofacto, he fundi officio, [laughter;] though
(continued Mr. H.) they had been elected for six
years. Would he say that?
A voice here asked Mr. H. to translate fundus
officio. [Increased merriment, during a colloquy
between the two gentlemen fioni South Carolina,
who stood near each other.]
Mr. WOODWARD, when heard again by the
reporter, was observing that he was glad that his
the people of the United States; and if, in any of !i colleague had thought proper to convey an ex-
them, he wilfully failed, he would be impeachable.
The duties he was to perform to such peaceful in-
habitants were the duties we owed to them, and
which he, as our officer, our agent, was bound to
discharge.
What, then, was the nature of those duties?
And here was the main subject of inquiry. Hav-
ing invaded the province of a hostile sovereign, and
ejected from it all other authority than our own,
what duty did the laws of nations impose upon us?
It was to take the place of the sovereign we had j
driven out. Our President, having driven away i
the natural political parent of the conquered people, '
was to stand to them in loco parenlh. He was
bound to do for them all that he was bound to do ,
for his own legitimate children. And wnat was
that ? " To see that the laws were faithfully exe-
cuted." That was the duty of the natural sover- '
eign; and the President, as standing in the place of :
that sovereign, was bound to do the same.
He was not to make the laws; he was not to i
establish new relations for the people; he was not ;
to disturb vested rights, or any other rights. He
i trernely technical idea, in language of as extreme
j technicality. But his colleague did not rightly
j conceive the point Mr. W. had made. He had
j been speaking of the powers of a foreign general
| after effecting a successful invasion. He did not
I mean to say that the authority of the Senators
; from Georgia would be at all impaired, or that
j they could not act authoritatively again after the
i enemy should have been expelled from the State.
| What he meant to say was, that a French general,
S getting possession of the State of Georgia, could
; cut her off front her federal relations to the Union
without committing usurpation. Still he would be
bound to preserve the State laws, and see that
they were executed. That, m thus dissolving the
federal relations of Georgia, he would do no act
impeachable at home, as not conformable to the
■ law of nations or the laws of war.
Air. SEDDON here was understood to ask of
Mr. Woodward whether he meant to say that the
State authority of Georgia, if Geoigia should be
conquered, would not be a State authority under
1 the conquering soxeieignty?
To which Mr. WOODWARD replied, "When
was to see that the exibting]a.\vs,ns he found them,
were dulv executed and obeyed. He was to exe- ■ my friend has heard me through iie will agree with
cute those laws which the Mexican sovereign ; me.
would have executed had he not been displaced.
This was his right and his duty towards peaceful,
unresisting citizens of the province.
But further: there were duties we owed to the
belligerent citizens also; to men found in arms, re-
sisting our possession. Sir, (said Mr. W.,) prison-
ers of war even have rights. There were rights
m war as well as in peace." And the duties cor-
Having thus endeavored to define the duties of
the head of the army toward both the peaceful and
: the belligerent citizens of a conquered province, he
' would next proceed to state what were Ins duties
toward his own country and his own army. His
duty to his army was, to protect it at all hazards
and at every sacrifice. These duties couferied the
right of maitial law, and, for this purpose of seil'-
respondent to them were incumbent on the Presi- : protection, he might take any and every measure
dent and his subordinates. On the foregoing pro- !' necessary to the end, and to secure the objects ot
positions the law of nations was very definite and , the war.
explicit. ^
[Mr W. here quoted Vattel, where he declares
that the invading nation gets the rights only of the
former sovereign of the territory; that the people
retained tlicir liberties, and were not to be deprived
of them; since the quariel of the invading sover- ,
eio-nty was only with the sovereign expelled.] '
Sow, (said Mr. W.,) if Vattel, and the despots '
under whom and for whom he wrote, could put ,
the question: "Why should the people be de- !
prived of their rishts because of a quarrel between 1
their sovereigns:" would it not be strange for
us, who assert the right of self-government, to be j
foremost to repudiate a distinction thus drawn ,
between the sovereign and his people, the object j
of which was to exempt them from the tyrant's ha- i
blhties ? But the provinces of which we had taken j
possession were integral portions of Mexico; and, I
Some gentlemen had contended that the Presi-
dent had the right to set up a government in the
province he had subdued, but Mr. Vv . utterly de-
nied that there was any such authority to be iound
ill Vattel. He denied the existence of any such
right; and, further, he denied that the President of
the United States (so far as Mr. W. had any
knowledge) had attempted to exercise any such
right. He thought the President's friends were
making a case for him, on which he could not
stand. His duty, as generalissimo in a conquered
country, was to see that the laws of that country •
were duly administered. He could add no new law >
but the law-martial for th£ protection of his army.
What had the President done repugnant to the 1
law of nations ? He had done nothing more than
guaranty the preservation of their own laws to the
conquered people. He had not given them any i
laws—not one. He had not made new offices or
officers. The law of nations declared that in ease
of conquest all connexion was severed between the
conquered province and its former sovereign;, and
did not this allow the President to transfer tie
allegiance of the conquered people to their;new
sovereign ? Could the. officers there derive their
authority from an enemy? The very idea was'
absurd. The President had a right to dissolve
their commissions, and substitute for them com-
missions from the United States. He was bound
to see that the laws existing there were duly exe-
cuted. This was his duty, rather than right} and
how could he discharge this duty if the officers
who were to administer the laws were responsible
to a foreign Government? They must be regarded
as holding their commissions from the United
States, for we were to be held responsible for their
good conduct. They owed, clearly, a tan-pwm-y
allegiance to the United States, living exclusively
under our protection. Oaths of allegiance did not
create allegiance—they only recognised an al-
legiance already existing. Allegiance might grow
out of a man's geographical position; he owed
temporary allegiance to the country that protected
him for the time being; he was bound to submit
to its authority; and if you exacted from him an
oath that he would do this, what harm had you
done him? He was bound before he made the
promise. Could Mt the United States Govern-
ment require of every foreign person (even diplo-
mat) residing here, so long as he remained within
the United States, to observe allegiance to its Gov-
ernment? The oath does not create allegiance;
not at all. The only hardship of an oath touching
allegiance was where it exacted a renunciation of
a lawful sovereign. Such an oath under duress
would be an outrage. But even such an oath
taken voluntarily, and not extorted, would work
no wrong. Mr. W. did not mean to say that if
he had been in the place of Captain Stockton or
General Kearny, he would have exacted any sort
i of oath from the Mexicans; but certainly he did
I insist that the local authorities of Santa Fe ami
i California had become responsible to the Govern-
I ment of the United States, bath or no oath. While
| the provinces were in our possession, and under
[ our protection, the people owed the same allegiance
[ to the United States Government that all the peo-
ple of the United States did. Such a proceeding
as took place might be unprecedented, but it took
,i nothing from the Mexicans which they had aright
< to keep; nor did it impose upon them anything
which it was not our right to impose.
But Mr. W. had a further point to touch. He
granted that these provinces could not come into
the United States by a mere military operation.
I The Constitution 'declared that new States might
; be admitted into the Union by Congress. The only
i question that could arise was, whether these were,
in the sense of the Constitution, "new States?"
! The authority to admit was in Congress alone.
! In regard to the conduct of the President, Mr.
' W. would pass briefly to a position he did not
.. hesitate to lay down as a sound one. It was this:
■ Where, in prosecuting a war, you have taken a
province of the enemy, the fair and natural pre-
! sumption is, that you intend to hold it eventually,
: or until some equivalent shall be received in ex-
■ change for it. Were not these conquered prov-
, inces already our own by the laws of war, and bv
the principles of equity too, if the war was a just
war? XIad we not bought them, and bought them
at the cost of blood and treasure? Yes ! we had
j bought them, and paid dearly for them, too: and
the President was bound to presume that we would
1 surrender the country only for a fair equivalent.
! Entertaining this presumption, then, was he not
required to take every precaution to advance the
end he was bound to presume we had m contem-
i plation ?
Mr. W. did not know the facts: he could not,
! therefore, speak positively: but, so far as he did
! know them, the President had exercised only those
' rights, or rather performed those duties, which
, pertained to him as generalissimo of the army: he
\ had done only his duty, and had usurped no pow-
. ers which did not belong to him. And he consid-
i ered the attack which had here been made upon
' him to be unfounded, and to have been made in-
cautiously.
; It had been asked by some, whether time would
! not, of itself, give us that country ?—whether, if
1 we continued to hold possession of it for a long
