1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
On Pensions.—Messrs. Johnson of Louisiana,
chairman; Ashley, Pearce, Atchison, and Upham.
On the District of Columbia.—Messrs. Cameron,
chairman; Breese, Miller, Chalmers, and Johnson
of Maryland.
On Patents and Patent Office.—Messrs. Colquitt,
chairman; Turney, Phelps, Westcott, and Davis.
On Retrenchment.—Messrs. Turney, chairman;
Atherton, Morehead, Ciiley, and Niles.
On Territories.—Messrs. Westcott, chairman;
Cameron, Evans, Chalmers, and John M. Clay-
ton.
On Public Buildings.—Messrs. Bright, chairman;
Cameron, and Dayton.
To audit and control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.—Messrs. Speight, chairman; Niles,
and Greene.
On Printing.—Messrs. Atherton, chairman;
Chalmers, and Simmons.
On Engrossed Bills.—Messrs. Chalmers, chair-
man; Rusk, and Jarnagin.
On the Library.—Messrs. Pearce, chairman;
Chalmers, and Lewis.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE ON FINANCE.
On motion by Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Finance have
leave to employ a clerk, at not exceeding the usual
rate of compensation.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then went into executive session,
and, after a short time spent therein, the doors
were opened, and, on motion,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 14, 1846,
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the following stand-
ing committcoc, as having been oppointed under
the order of the House of Thursday last:
Of Elections.—Messrs. fjamlin, Augustus A.
Chapman, Harper, Chase, Dobbin, Ellsworth,
McGaughey. Cnipman, and Culver.
Of Ways and Means.—Messrs. McKay, Drom-
goole, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Hungerford, George
S. Houston, Winthrop, Norris, Vinton, and Sea-
born Jones.
Of Claims.—Messrs. Daniel, Hoge, Graham,
Gordon, Pollock, Ligon, Leake, John A. Rock-
well, and Davgan.
On Commerce.—Messrs. McClelland, Tibbatts,
Wcntworth, Simpson, Grinnell, Atkinson, Law-
rence, Levin, and Thibodeaux.
On Public Lands.—Messrs. McClernand, Thos.
Smith, Collamer, James B. Hunt, Moseley, Mor-
ris, Relfe, Hampton, and Blanchard.
On the Post Office and Post Roads.—Messrs.
Hopkins, Kennedy, Reid, Cranston, Mcllvaine,
Thomasson, Phelps, Hough, and Hilliard.
For the District of Columbia.—James McDowell,
Joseph J. McDowell, Ficklin, Payne, Marsh,
Washington Hunt, John G. Chapman, Alexander
D. Sims, and McHenry.
On the Judiciary.—Messrs. Rathbun, Pettit,
Lumpkin, Milton Brown, Buffington, Seddon,
Thurman, Dixon, and Biggs.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Joseph John-
son, Ficklin, Wood, Daniel P. King, St. John,
Grider, Tdden, John H. Ewing, and Bowden.
On Public Expenditures.—Messrs. Dunlap, Yost,
Cunningham, Russell, Arnold, Runk, John W.
Houston, Stvohm, and White.
On Private Land Claims.—Messrs. Bowlin,
Wick, Stephens, Andrew Johnson, Seaman, Ste-
phen Adams, Morse, Long, and Cottrcll.
O/i Manufactures.—Messrs. Vance, Woodward,
Stewart, Hudson, William G. Brown, James H.
Johnson, John P. Martin, Sykes, and Ripley.
On Agriculture.—Messrs. Anderson, James
Black, Wright, Perrill, Grover, Dockery, Leonard
H. Sims, Erdman, and Root.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Jacob Thompson,
Reuben Chapman, Benton, Boyd, Foot, Barrmger,
Sawyer, Ashmun,and Cathcart.
On Military Affairs.—-Messrs. Haralson, Boyd,
Brinkerhoff, Burt, Ramsey, Niven, A. A. Chap-
man, Carroll, and Benjamin Thompson.
On the Militia.—Messrs. James A. Black, Tred-
way, Abbott, Dockery, Leonard H. Sims, Ritter,
Giddings, De Mott, and Samuel D. Hubbard.
On Naval Affairs.—Messrs. Isaac E. Holmes,
Bayly, Maclay, Thomas Butler King, Hamlin,
Schenck, Darragh, Stanton, and James Thomp-
son.
On Foreign Affairs.—Messrs. Charles J. Inger-
soil, Rhett, Payne, Garrett Davis, Cobb, Truman
Smith, Cullom, Caleb B. Smith, and Perry.
On the Territories.—Messrs. Douglass, Hunter,
Dillingham, Julius Rockwell, George W. Jones,
Lewis, Towns, Young, and Pillsbury.
On Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs. Brodhead,
4-tkmson, Cummins, Albert Smith, Owen, Barrin-
ger, Jenkins, Crozier, and Trumbo.
On Invalid Pensions.—Messrs. Preston King,
Starkweather, Dargan, Belt, Seddon, Delano,
Cocke, Goodyear, and Moulton.
On Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Robert Smith,
B. Martin, Fries, Gentry, Pendleton, Elias B.
Holmes, Williams, Miller, and McDaniel.
On Patents*—-Messrs. Henley, Maclay, Marsh,
Sykes, and Thomas Butler King.
On Public Buildings and Grounds.—Messrs. Fa-
ran, McClean, Winthrop, Severance, and Wood-
worth.
On Revisal and Unfinished Business.—Messrs.
Sawtelie, Collin, Garvin, Tredway, and Hale.
On Accounts.—Messrs. Daniel P. King, Faran,
McClean, William W. Campbell, and Cobb.
On Mileage.—Messrs. John P. Martin, Sever-
ance, Henley, Joseph J. McDowell, and James
Thompson.
On Engraving.—Messrs. Yost, Perry, and Cocke.
On Enrolled Bills.—Messrs. Wheaton and Biggs.
Joint Committee on the Library of Congress.—On
the part of the House, Messrs. Brodhead, W. W.
Campbell, and James McDowell.
The following committees, appointed at the hrst
session stand through the Congress:
OnExpendituresintke State Department.—Messrs,
Strong, John H. Campbell, Crozier, La Sere, and
James H. Johnson.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department.—
Messrs. Scammon, White, Roberts, Wood, and
Root.
On Expenditures in the War Department.—Messrs.
Leib, Woodruff, Crozier, R. Smith, and Julius
Rockwell.
On Expendituresin thp Navy Department.—Messrs.
Collin, Fries, Blanchard, Long, and Moulton.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department.—
Messrs. La Sere, Abbott, Wm. G. Brown, Thom-
asson, and Morris.
Oji Expenditures on the Public Buildings.—Messrs.
Garvin, Jenkins, Leake, McHenry, and John A.
Rockwell.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the modified resolution heretofore intro-
duced by Mr. Garrett Dam&.
Mr. BOYD was entitled to the floor.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING requested Mr. B. to
yield for the moment, to enable him [Mr. K.J to
offer an amendment to the resolution.
Mr. BOYD said he had no intention to make a
speech. But he would like the House to indulge
him with permission to send a small matter to the
Committee on Accounts. He did not propose any
action on the part of the House; but merely the
reference of a resolution. When this was done,
he preferred to yield the floor to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Bowdon,] who would an-
nounce the death of his predecessor, [Mr. McCon-
nell.]
The resolution, by general consent, was read,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be autho-
•) rizftd to appoint a messenger, with the compensa- '
tion of the messengers of this House created by
the law of 1842, any resolution of the last session
notwithstanding.
And was referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts.
Mr. BOWDON then rose and addressed the
House as follows:
i Mr. Speaker; My colleagues have assigned me
' the painful duty of announcing the death, since
I the close of the List session of Congress, of Gen-
! eral Felix Grundy McConnell, late a Represent-
i ative from the State of Alabama. In this city, on
| the 10th day of September last, in a moment ot
1 insanity, he fell an unconscious victim to blows
• inflicted by his own hand. f
! Time, in its ever-onward march, affords many
| awful admonitions of the frail tenure of human
i existence, and the fleeting character of the highest
| objects of earthly ambition. But in no instance
is this great moral lesson more impressively taught
than in the tragical death of him whose untimely
end we all deplore. His.mournful fate draws a
tear from the eye of affection, and arouses emo-
tions of deepest sympathy in every generous'bo-
som.
It is not my purpose to pronounce a eulogy
upon the deceased. He has passed away, and is
now alike insensible to our praise or censure. My
duty can be best discharged by a brief statement
of the facts connected with his history.
General McConnell was born m Nashville,
Tennessee, on the 5th day of April, A. D. 1809.
He removed with his father to Fayetteville, in
that State, in 1811, and there continued to reside
until 1834, when he located in Talladega, Alaba-
ma. His early education was neglected, and
when approaching majority he was engaged in
the vocation of a mechanic. ' Subsequently he
studied law, but the dry details and onerous duties
of the legal "profession were uncongenial to his
ardent temperament, and he soon abandoned it for
the more exciting field of politics, to which his ge-
nius was belter adapted, and m which he was
eminently successful.
In 1838 he was chosen a member of the popular
branch of the Legislature of Alabama. In the year
following he was elected to the Senate, in which
body he continued to be an active and efficient
member until his elevation, in 1B43, to a seat in
the Congress of the United States. During the
last eight years he was six times a candidate for
various offices, and was never defeated.
This uniform success and rapid elevation was
not the result of mere accident. His was a pecu-
liar character; every feature was striking and posi-
tive. There was nothing negative about him. A
warm and generous heart and high social qualities
commended him to the good will of many who
were not insensible to his occasional cccentucities.
A quick perception, close observation, and reten-
tive memory supplied, to a considerable extent,
the want of a regular education. A ready wit and
constant fund of humor and anecdote accomplished
ends beyond the reach, not unfrequently, of the
maturest judgment. These endowments, united
to an almost intuitive knowledge of human nature,
great energy of character, and firmness of purpose,
gave him an influence over the actions and feelings
of men not possessed by many minds of profound
learning and the highest polish.
Of his career as a member of this body I need
not speak. He fell in the noonday of life, whilst
clothed with a high and responsible office. Let
the sod which rests on his bosom cover also his
frailties, whilst the heart renders the tribute of
respect due to the memory of Jiis manly virtues.
Having discharged the duty I rose to perform,
I move the adoption of the resolutions appropriate
to the occasion.
Mr. B. concluded by moving the following reso-
lutions;
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility the annunciation of the decease of the
Hon. Felix G. McConnei.l, a member of this •
j House from the State of Alabama.
| Resolved, That the House tenders to the sur-
| viving widow and relatives of the deceased the
| expressions of sympathy on this afflicting bereave-
! ment; and, as a testimony of respect for the mern-
i ory of the deceased, the members and officers of
! this House will wear crape on the left arm for
I thirty days.
I Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
i the memory of the deceased, the House do now
i adjourn.
S The resolutions were adopted unanimously,
i And the House adjourned.
I PETITIONS, &e.
| The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred, under the rule:
,! By Mr. THOMASSON: The petition of John Smith, of
Herirv county, Kentuckv, asking compensation for services
' rendered by himself and lather during the revolutionary .
war. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions
By Mr. TILDEN: The petition of John Moriison, of
Ciuahoya county, Ohio, tor a pension for revolutionary
; wi vices. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
: &ious
!: By Mr. MOSELEY : The petition of Patrick Smith, of
' Buffalo, New York, for compensation for services to the
United States.
1; Also, the petition of Stacey Laraphm, of Black Rock, New
1j York, for back pay as a pensioner.
