82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15.
Also, the petition of Ira Baldwin, of Buffalo, for pay and
bounty lands.
Also, the petition of Stephen York, of Clarence, New
York, for compensation for services to the United States.
Also, the petition of Abraham Forbes, of-New York, for
bountv lands.
By Mr. STANTON: The petition of sundry citizens o
Tennessee, for the establishment of a mail route from Ra-
leigh to Covington, in that State.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 15, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages, in writing, were received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of his Private Secretary.
REPORTS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, m compliance "with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, upon the expediency of requiring vessels
navigating; Delaware Bay to carry lights in the
night; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to he printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, showing the net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands in the Illinois St. Vincent's dis-
trict, erroneously accredited to the State of Indi-
ana; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasmy, tumsmitting the leport of the acting
Commissioner of the Crcncral Land Office, exhib-
iting the operations in that branch of the public
service during the past fiscal year; which was or-
dered to be printed.
petitions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
ship-masters, seamen, and owners of vessels on
the lakes, asking for the completion and lighting
of Cataraugus harbor; winch was referred to the
Committee of Commerce.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of Jacob Houseman, for remuneration for
spoliations by the Indians m Florida; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Peter
Gover, asking compensation for injuries received
while in the service of the United States; which
was refened to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Pamela A. S. Dearborn,
widow of Lieutenant Colonel Dearborn, of the
United State? army, asking for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Elisha L. Keen, asking to be repaid a
sum of money, advanced by him on account of the
Government; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Also, the petition of William H. Basset, asking i
the payment of money claimed to be due him as !
United States marshal for the western district of
Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Jose de la Francia, asking-
the payment of a judgment obtained in ins favor
Against the United States; referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
several memorials of Maria S. Johnson, executrix
of Chailes Johnson, deceased; of Elizabeth and
John Lester, and of Marianne Champagne, of
Florida, all praying indemnification for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
ANn, the memorial of Commander James Mc-
Intosh,of the United States navy, asking payment
for extra services performed by him; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Ann B. Cox, asking for the
payment of an admitted balance due to the late
Nathaniel Cox, former navy agent at New Oileans;
which was ieferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mi CILLEY presented the petition of the legal
representalives of Thomas Manning, asking in-
demnity for Fvcnch spoliations prior to 1800; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
IVlr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Messrs. Jones & Boker, of Philadelphia, asking
payment tor iost treasury notes; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, asking the erection of a new custom-house at
that port, and stating that the old building is inad-
equate to the business of the city, and to afford to
the Government the accommodations required by
the new warehouse bill; and that the old edifice can
now be sold advantageously. The memorial was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. .
Also, the petition of George Harvey, asking the
payment of a balance due him; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DIX presented certain resolutions from the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, with the re-
port of a committee, relative to the construction of
a railroad from the western lakes to the Pacific
ocean; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a memorial from the Marine Insurance
Company of New York, asking the establishment
of a permanent court of admiralty at Key West;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, the memorial of the pilots of the port of
New York, asking a repeal of the pilot law of
March 3, 1837; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Robert Diederick, asking
to be pa'd the value of a package of dry goods lost
by the officers of the customs in New York; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial from the Marine Insurance
Company of New York, praying the adoption of
various measures connected with the commerce of
the country, which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the petition of persons, late apprentices to
J the pilots licensed by the State of New York, ask-
ing the repeal of the pilot law of March 3, 1837;
■ which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. DIX, two hundred and fifty
additional copies of the commercial rep'ort of the
Secretary of the Treasury were ordered to be print-
ed for the use of the Treasury Department.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, gave notice that
he should to-morrow, or at some early day, intro-
duce a bill to provide for the adjudication of land
claims in the States of Illinois, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri.
Also, a bill to provide for the erection of a cus-
tom-house at the city of New Orleans, and for the
completion of the marine hospital at that place.
NATIONAL ROAD.
Mr. SEMPLE, on leave, introduced a bill to
extend the national road to the city of Alton, on
the Mississippi river; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CANAL. j
Mr. SEMPLE, on leave, introduced a bill to !
grant a portion of the public lands to the State of j
Illinois, to aid in the completion of the Illinois and
Michigan canal; which was read twice, and refer- :
red to the Committee on Public Lands. j
THE LATE HON. FELIX G. McCONNELL. !
A message was received from the House of Rep- j
resematives, conveying the proceedings of that j
body up >n the announcement of the death of the !
Hon. Felix Grundy McCoxnell, late a Repre-
sentative from the State of Alabama.
The message having been read,
Mr. LEWIS rose, and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: The melancholy event which
has been announced to us by the resolutions of the
House makes it incumbent on one of the Senators
from Alabama to ask-of this body the passage of
the usual lesolutions, as a tribute of respect to the
memory of the deceased. In performing this last
sad service, with me, one prompted as much by
private friendship as by public duty, I shall be ex-
cused for not going into those details as to the man-
ner of his death, which have already been made
most painfully public. The Hon. Felix Grundy !
McConnell died in this city on the 10ih of Sep- j
tember last, in the 36th year of his age, and during
the lecess of the present Congress, to which he '
had been elected by the people of the seventh Con- [
gressional district of Alabama. He had also served 1
as a member during both sessions of the 28th Con-1
gress. Before his election to Congress he had
served one year as a representative of the Alabama
Legislature, and for three years immediatelv be-
fore coming to Congress he had served as a mem-
ber of the State Senate. He also enjoyed other
honors, military and civil, at the hands of the people.
He was a native of Nashville, Tennessee, and re-
moved from Fayetteville, in that State, to Alabama,
about the 26th year of his age. He was raised a me-
chanic, afterwards studied law, and was admitted
to the bar." From the time he became a citizen of
Alabama few men enjoyed as much of the esteem
and confidence of the community to which he was
known, and no man, perhaps, exercised a greater
influence and control over the political opinions
i and sentiments of the masses of men with whom
he associated. Without the advantages of educa-
tion or family influence, and in spite of irregu-
larities of habit and deportment, which would
have consigned a man of less decided cast of char-
acter to utter failure and obscurity, it was his rare
fortune never to have suffered a political defeat.
His invariable political success was maintained for
years in the face of any and every opposition, be-
fore a constituency possessing an aggregate of in-
telligence not surpassed by perhaps any constitu-
1 ency in the Union. A constituency, too, as re-
markable for its industry, its quiet submission to
the restraints of law, and its perpetual observance
of all the proprieties of deportment, in public or
private, as it is for its unquestioned aggregate in-
telligence. This success can only be attributed to
high qualities of head and heart, which his faults,
undisguised as they were, and worn even conspicu-
ously upon the outer surface of his character, could
never conceal from the popular view. With him
a generous nature sought its indulgence in an en-
larged and intimate acquaintance with the great
body of his fellow-citizens. JNo man stood nearer
to the people, or knew them better; and therefore
no one ever did, or could, enter more fully into all
their sympathies and feelings. He was, in the
fullest sense of the term, what lie professed to be—■
a Democrat, not merely in abstract opinion, but in
instinct, feeling, and association. A regard for
exact justice and equality of rights and privileges
among his fellow-citizens was "not a mere senti-
ment, but one of-the strongest passions of his very
nature. To an organization of political sentiment
and feeling so essentially popular, he united a re-
I markable sagacity and almost intuitive knowledge
of men, a distinct and well-defined system of poli-
tical opinion and action, and uncommon tact, and
an unconquerable perseverance in carrying his
' political principles into effect. Such were the ele-
, mcnts of his success, and Mich the qualities upon
, which was based a popularity in his district which
I to many but slightly acquainted with him was so
I much a matter of surprise. In the relations of
! private life he was amiable. In his family circle
: he was fond and affectionate To his friends
he was kind, constant, and often generous to a
j fault. To suffering humanity, in any and every
i situation, he had a melting heart and an open hand.
■ Just and kind to others, his faults were all against
himself.
Mr. L., ir> conclusion, submitted the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That this body has heard with deep
sensibility the message from the House announ-
cing the decease of the Hon. Felix G. McCoxnell,
a Representative in Congress from the State of
Alabama.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the members of the Sen-
ate will wear crape upon the left arm for thirty
days.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now
adjourn.
The resolutions having been adopted,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 15, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday were read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution heretofore introduced by
Mr. Davis.
Mi. Git AH A Jvl asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
faiis be instructed to inquire into the expediency
