PRINTED AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY
BLAIR b
RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session. .
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1846.
New Semes.
*...No. 3.
of increasing the pay of the officers, soldiers, and
volunteers, while serving the United States in the
war with Mexico.
Resolved further, That said committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting
a bounty of land to each officer, soldier, and vol-
unteer who shall serve in the army of the "United
States until the end of the war with Mexico.
d provided also, That said land shall be exempt
from execution for debt, and bceomc the property
of the wife and children of any officer, soldier, or
volunteer, who may be, killed or die in the public
service during said war.
Mr. PERRILL remarked that the whole subject
was already before the committee.
Mr. PETT1T said, that the resolution could
not be carried into effect, or pass into a law, and
why should be offered-?
Mr. GRAHAM said that nothing was contem-
plated by the resolution but an inquiry by a com-
mittee. The committee could report what they
pleased.
Mr. PETT1T objected to the resolution. He
wished to debate it.
Mr. GRAHAM moved a suspension of the
rules.
The vSPEAKER did not entertain the motion.
And the resolution was not received.
The House resumed the consideration of the
modified resolution of Mr. Davis; which is in the
following words:
/, Resolved, That the President of the United States
l| be requested to communicate to this House copies
- of all'orders or instructions to General Taylor,
General Wool, General Kearny, Captain feloat,
or Captain Stockton, touching the establishment
of civil government in any portions of Mcxico,
which have or may be held by the army or navy
of the United States; also, copies of all instruments
or forms of government, proclamations, or other
papers, that may have been established, organized,
uttered, and published by said officers, or either of
them; also, that the President inform this House
whether he has approved and recognised any gov-
ernments so established, and all the actings and
doings of the officer establishing it relating thereto;
that he farther inform this House whether any
such government has, in whole or in part, been
t established within the limits of the State of Texas,
that the President also inform this House whether
: he intends to prosecute the existing war with Mcxi-
co for th^ permanent conquest and acquisition of
. New Mexico, Chihuahua, New Leon, Tamaulipas,
. San Luis Potosi, or any other of the Mexican
.States; and for what specific objects he intends to
"(prosecute said war; and that the President com-
Smunicate such parts of the information herein ask-
*ed of him, as he shall deem expedient, to this
House with closed doors.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired whether it was in or-
der for him to offer a substitute ?
The vSPEAKER said it was in order.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word "Resolved," and
restoring the resolution to the form in which it had
been originally moved by Mr. Davis, as follows:
[substituting, also, the word " requested" for
"directed:"]
" That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House any and all orders and'instruc-
tions to General Taylor, General Wool, General
Kearny, Captain Sloat, Captain Stockton, or any
other officer of this Government, in relation to the
establishment or organization of civil government
in any portion of the territory of Mexico which
has or might be taken possession of by the army
or navy of the United States. Also, what forms
of government such officers, or either of them,
may have established and organized; and whether
the President has approved and recognised said
government.5' w
Mr. DAVIS suggested to the gentleman from
Virginia the propriety of retaining the resolution
in its modified form, with the exception of its sec-
, ond branch.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that the resolution as
originally offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
was confined to a call fot; the instructions given by
the President to our officers of the army and navy,
in relation to conducting the Mexican war; and
these he thought it was proper that the House
should have. A general discussion of the whole
subject must shortly be had; it was now wholly
out of place. When it did come, it would be pro-
per and important that the House should lia\e
before it the instructions called for by the resolu-
tion as originally offered. To this Mr. H. had no
objections.
Mr. DAVIS repeated the suggestion that Mr.
H. would substitute the resolution, not in its ori-
ginal shape, but as modified, omitting the last
clause. lie thought it had been put in a better
form. He did not ask the gentleman to enlarge
the subject of inquiry as proposed in its second
branch.
Mr. HOPKINS asked that the resolution as
modified be read; and it was read accordingly.
Mr. H. said he found that, as modified, it in-
quired into the purpose of the President in regard
to the conquered provinces of Mexico, and also
as to what he proposed by the war. Now, Mr.
H. thought it one of the evils of the Times, that
wc were too much m the habit of making public
before Mexico and the whole world everything in
relation to the conduct of the war by these unneces-
sary and unguarded calls upon the Executive de-
partment. The President was but the executive
organ of the Government, to do what Congress
willed to be done, yet lie was called upon, as if he
had the whole course of affairs in his hands, to
tell us, and of course to tell Mcxico, all his plans
and purposes in relation to the war. Mr. H. was
opposed to this whole course of exposure of all our
councils to our enemy.
Mr. H. said, unless the gentleman from Ken-
tucky would consent to strike out all that called
on the President respecting his purposes and in-
tentions in relation to the future conduct of the
war, he must insist on striking out the whole res-
olution as modified, and substituting for it the
resolution in its original shape..
The question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Hopkins, it was carried.
Mr. HARALSON then renewing, or insisting
on his former amendment, to add the restrictive
clause if not, in his opinion, incompatible with
the public interest," this also was agreed to, and
then the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING, by leave of
the House, presented a memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce, and sundry other citizens of Savan-
nah, asking an appropnation for the building of a
custom-house at that place; which was leferred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD rose and said, that, as the
standing committees were now appointed, he would
move that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of taking up and suitably referring
'the several subjects in the President's message.
CONSTITUTION OF IOWA.
Mr. DODGE appealed to Mr. Brodhkad to
allow him to present the constitution of the State
of Iowa, and have it referred; and Mr. Brodhead
having yielded the floor—
Mr. DODGE piesented the constitution and
form of State government adopted by a convention
of delegates assembled m Iowa City, on^the lbth
day of May, A. D. 1846, m pursuance of the pro-
visions of the act of the Territorial Assembly, ap-
proved January 17, 1846.
Mr. Dodge read from the law the following sec-
tion:
"Sec. 8. That said constitution and form fu Stite govern-
ment -hall, if rati tied at the election specified in til-1 .;tU sec-
tion oi thi> act, be presented to the Coneru.-s oi Me Lmteu
States at tiie next ensuing session tbeu-oi, tor a<imi:tance
into the Uiiiou upon an equal footing with the original
States, and with such other piovisions and conf.iuou* as
may be provided for by the convention tunning said consti-
tution and foim of State government, but s-n<ll not he pre-
sented for admittance until the same ^h.'II be wcept'd and
ratified the qualified doctors of tin, s Tetntory, >
Mr. D. said, accompanying the constitution now
presented would be found a tetter from the Secre-
tary of the Territory, transmitting a copy of the
proclamation of the Governor, declaring the adop-
tion of the constitution by a majority of the quali-
fied electors at the time and in the manner pre-
scribed in the law calling the convention.
Mr. D. said that the vote on the constitution was
had on the first Monday in August, the third day
of the month, and that Congress had adjourned on
the tenth of August. It was therefore impossible
to know the result of the vote upon the question of
the adoption or rejection of the constitution during
the last session; indeed, it was not certainly known
in the Territory until some time in September. The
1 6th section of the 13th article of the constitution
provides that44 the first general election under this
4 constitution shall be held at such time as ^he
' Governor of the Territory, by proclamation, may
' appoint, within three months after its adoption, for
( the election of a Governor, two members of .Con-
' gress," &c. Under this provision of the consti-
tution the Territorial Governor issued his procla-
mation for an election, which took place on the 26th
of October last. One of the members elected to
this House was in the city, and ready to take his-
seat as soon as an act or joint resolution could be
passed admitting the State.
Mr. D. had seized the earliest moment afforded
him, after the appointment of the committees, to
present the constitution of his State, and the evi-
dence of its ratification by the people. At the last
session an act was passed prescribing the consti-
tution of the State of Iowa,&c. The constitu-
tion and the act of Congress referred to were in
perfect harmony—the boundaries in each being the
same.
Mr. D. said he would call the attention of the
Committee on Territories, to whom he should mono
to refer the subjcct, to the necessity of speedy ac-
tion on then pait, so that the complete admission
of Iowa might be consummated at the earliest day
practicable.
The constitution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. BRODHEAD then resumed the fioor, and
renewed his motion that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state ot the
Union, in order to take up and refer the Presi-
dent's message.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of
1 Kentucky, in the chair.)
I Mr. BRODHEAD moved the following resolu-
i tions:
i Resolved, 1st. That so much of the annual nies-
t sage of the President of the United States to the
i two Houses of Congress at the present session as
i relates to the existing war with Mexico, to the
' granting of letters of marque and reprisal, together
| with the accompanying coriespondence in relation
' thereto, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
' Affairs.
; 2d. That so much of the said message as relates
: to the condition and operations of the army, to the
! propriety of speedily filling up the rank and file of
the same, to the erection of fortifications in the
| conquered provinces of Mexico, together with the
I report of the Secretary of War, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
| 3d. That so much of the said message as relates
! to the condition and operations of the navy, to the
| increase of the same, especially m sea steamers to
1 be added to each of our foreign squadrons, togeth-
er with the report of the Secretary of the Niivy, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
4th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the condition of the Treasury, to the means of
obtaining money to prosecute the war with Mexi-
; co, to the modification of the act passed the 6th
day of August, 1846, to provide for the better or-
1 conization of the Treasury, to the propriety of
I sustaining the tariff act of 1846, and the imposition
! of duties upon articles now embraced in the free
' list, the establishment of a branch mint in the city
> of New York, and the establishment of custom-
