84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
houses in Oregon, be referred to the Committee of
"Ways arid Means.
5th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the gradyation and reduction of the price of the
public lands, to the establishment of a surveyor
general's office, and bringing the public lands in
the Oregon Territory into market, the grants of
Sand in said territory to actual settlers,and the dis-
position of the mineral lands, be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
6th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the establishment of a Territorial government
and the extension of the jurisdiction and laws of the
United States over Oregon Territory, be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
7th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the progress and condition of the mail service,
the operations of the Post Office Department, the
establishment of post offices and post routes in
Oregon, the modification of the law regulating the
rates of postage, together with the report of the
Postmaster General, be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
8th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the makrng" provision by law for the trial and
punishment of such persons as may be engaged in
privateering against the United States, be referred
to the-Committee on Naval AtFairs.
9th. That so much of the said message as relates
to our relations with the various Indian tribes, be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio, said he would avail
Tiimself of this occasion to present some remarks
upon the President's message. He went on to ob-
serve, that when the members of that House met
in this place two years ago, the country was at
peace, at profound peace with all the world. In-
dustry received its legitimate reward; agriculture
and manufactures were flourishing, and general
prosperity was spread over the land. Then a
great and sudden change came over our public
policy; the party in power were seized with an in-
ordimitedesiretoextend our territorial possessions,
and thus, in the cant language of the aay, " to en-
large the area of freedom." The parry in opposi-
tion opposed it to the extent of their ability. Thus
the two parties stood, on this great question, direct-
ly opposed to cnch other. But the extension policy
prevailed, and in two short years a great and im-
portant change took place m our whole policy
and condition: a foreign war of conquest now
existed, the nation was involved by it in a vast
expenditure and in the guilt of the deepest crimes.
The people were calied on to pour out their treas-
ures and their blood upon a foreign soil. Tiie
result was just such as had been foreseen and dis-
tinctly foretold. Public attention was aroused by
this all-absorbing topic. You met it everywhere
—at the fireside, in railroad cars, in steamboats, 1
in debating societies, in the Legislatures, in the
Halls of Congress, while the message just received
plainly showed that the mind of the Executive was
engrossed by the solemn subject.
And here he might be allowed to observe that
the Constitution made it the duty of the President
to lay before Congress from time to time the state
of the Union, and to propose such measures as he
thought worthy of adoption. But, instead of this,
the 'Executive had sent to that House a document,
occupied almost'exclusively by a defence of him-
self and of his administration. To read it, a
stranger might suppose the President was put upon
his trial; and certainly, if that were the case, he
might have been expected to submit just such a
statement. In remarking upon it, IV!r. G. should
endeavor to speak of it in such terms as became a
member of that House in speaking of a document
proceeding from a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ern ment.
As the President had seen fit to descend to such
arguments as usually characterized very different
assemblies from this, being heard in bar-rooms
and places of that description, Mr. G. would pass
over that part of his message in which he stigma-
tized all who differed in opinion from himself on
questions of national policy, and particularly in
regard to the war, as traitors, who afforded aid
and comfort to the enemy. He was the more in-
duced to do this, as ample justice had been done
to this portion of the subject by the able and dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] who was the true friend of this Gov-
ernment—the man who would keep it always in
the right; who advocated such a course of policy
as would sustain the eternal principles of justice
and of truth. And who was its worst enemy?
The man who would involve it in wars of foreign
conquest; the man who sought by force of arms
to wrest territory from the possession of a sister
republic. Mr. G. ever desired to be found with
the first of these classes; and he would leave it to
others to characterize those who advocated the
cause of truth and justice as traitors, furnishing aid
agd comfort to the enemies of their country.
Mr. G. said he was aware that an idea was ex-
tensively indulged that whenever our country was
engaged in^war, be it just or unjust, every true-
hearte&Amerioan was bound^to support it with all
his power. He denied it utterly. For the present
he would content himself with referring to the fact
that the whole country were putting to each other
the question, For what is our army sent into the
territory of a sister republic, and we taxed to carry
devastation and bloodshed into the heart of a for-
eign country? What benefit is to result to ua;
what good to the world of mankind ? These ques-
tions demanded an answer. The President had
presented his plea of self-defencc, but had left the
questioji unanswered.
He had placed the commencement of hostilities
on the ground of defending our soil, which, ac-
cording to him, had been wantonly invaded by the
forces of Mexico:
"The exist.ng war with Mexico was neither desired nor
provoked by thy United States. On the contrary, nil honoi-
uhle means were resorted to to avert it. Alter years of t-n-
(lui.uice, ofaggiavated and umedres'-ed wrong-* on our pait,
Mexico, in violation of solemn ncaty stipulations, and of
every principle of ju-tice lecogmsed by civilized nations,
commenced hostilities, and thu*, by her own act, foiced the
war upon ivs."
'Mr. G. pronounced this an unfounded assertion
—that it was wholly without foundation in truth.
It stated what was not the fact. When or where
had Mexico ever invaded the soil of these United
States? He called upon any friend of the Presi-
dent in that House to declare. The President had
many able friends there; he invited any one of
them to show, and he would pause for a reply.
He thought it would be so; he was well assured
no one would take the responsibility of accepting
the challenge; and no wonder—it could not be
done.
The President went on to say:
"By the constitution which Texas adopted in March,
1836, senatorial and representative districts were organized,
extending uwU of the Nueces. The Uongiess of Te\as, on
the 19Ji of December, 18,6, pa scd 'An act to define the
houudaiies of the republic of Texas,' in winch they de-
clared the Rio Giande, from its mouth to its source, to be
their boundary; and, by the said act, they extended then
1 civil and political jurisdiction' over the country up to that
howuluri). Dunng a period of more than nine years, winch
intei veiled between thp adoption of her constitution and her
annexation as one of the States of our Union, Texas assert-
ed and exercised many acts of sovereignty and jurisdiction
over the teintoiy and inhabitants westoj the Nueces. She
oi gam zed arid defined the limits of counties extending to
the ltio Grande. She established courts of justice and ex-
tended her jwHcial^ytem over the tonitory. She established
a custom-hou>e and collected duties, and also post offices
and post roads m it. She established a land office, and
l-aued numerous grants tor land within its limits. A Sen-
ator and a Representative, residing in it wcie elected to the
Congress of the republic, and served as such before the act
of annexation took place."
Here he employed a piece of ingenious sophis-
try to prove that because Texas might extend to
the west of the Nueces, it must, therefore, neces-
sarily extend to the Rio Giande. We all knew,
none denied, that there w.ere some Mexicans west
of the Nueces who had taken part in the Texan
insurrection, and had considered themselves as
under the laws of the Texan Legislature: but how
did this justify the sending of our troops into the
valley of the Rio Grande? To the west of the
Nueces lay a desert; beyond that, not a Mexican
was under the actual jurisdiction of Texas. When
the President spoke of 44 west of the Nueces*' as i
equivalent to up to the Rio Grande, he was guilty |
of an attempt to deceive. The act of the Texan I
convention claimed, to be sure, quite up to that i
river, fiom its mouth to its source; but Mr. G.'s i
astute colleague [Mr. Schenck] had extorted from
the gentleman from Tennessee over the way [Mr.
Stanton] the acknowledgment that Santa Fe, in
his opinion, never had been within the Texan ter-
ritory.
Mr. PILLSBURY said he had made no such
acknowledgment.
Mr. GIDDlNGSdid not refer to that gentleman
at all, but to one wiio sat near him from Tennes-1
see. j
He would, however, ask the gentleman from
Texas himself to tell the House and the natiorr
whether Santa Fe was in Texas or in Mexico*
Let that gentleman, or any other, answer the in-
quiry. Let the people know what was the truth,-
The message stated it both ways. The President,
in this solemn public document, declared in one
place that it was in Mexico, and in another that it
was within the State of Texas. One statement or
the other must be false. Which was it ? He call-
ed on the gentleman from Texes to say. [Here
Mr. G. paused,]
No; he was aware that no man would venture
to reply. The President was necessarily falsified
if they answered either way. If H belonged to
Texas, why had the President spoken of U as the
"capital of New Mexico/'and as " captured V
And why did his officer attempt to establish a form
of government within a sovereign State ? If it was
in Mexico, then why did he attempt to deceive the
people, by speaking of the Rio del Norte, from its
mouth to its source, as the western boundary of
Texas, and therefore of the United States? Mr.
G. would trust the question to the intelligence of
his own constituency, nine out of ten of whom
could in a moment poiftt out where, in this labored
document, the President contradicted himself, and
misrepresented the truth. That he had done so,
and that in a solemn State paper, addressed to Con-
gress, Mr. G. felt humbled in being compelled to
say. , The defence the President had attempted, if
made in a county court, would have done but little
credit to a tyro in the law. It would turn the
laugh on any member of the Ohio bar.
Texas, he said,extended " west of the Nueces.'*
[A voice. "How far west of it?"] Yes, as had
well been asked by a gentleman near him, koto far
west of the Nueces? Had the people in the val-
ley of the Rio Grande ever acknowledged the Gov-
ernment of Texas ? Had a Texan precept ever
been served there? Had a Texan soldier ever set
his foot there but to be slain or imprisoned ? Ant?
were the people to be insulted by such poor at-
tempts as this to deceive them I But they could
not be thus deceived. Mr. G. would do what in
him lay to expose the absurdity and the falsity of
such misrepresentations—to scud the antidote to-
gether with the poison.
The President said: " By rapid movements, the
' province of New Mexico, with Santa Fe, its
'capital, has been captured.'** Santa Fe, a city
thirty miles on this side of the Rio Grande, has
been " captured," and it is the " capital" of the
Mexican " province of New Mexico."' This Gov-
ernment had always so recognised it, and our citi-
zens had regularly paid duties at the Mexican cus-
tom-'iouse established there. Plow, then, it could
be true that all the territory lying east of the Rio
del Norte, from its mouth to its source, could be-
long to Texas, he would leave the friends of the
President to explain as they might.
Another assertion in the message was, that the
present was a defensive war. The whole tenor of
the message, indeed,conveyed that impression. A
defensive war ! Who of all the people of the Uni-
ted States had been defended by it? What part of
the United States had any one invaded ? Where
had any portion of our territory been attacked ?
Mr. G. pronounced this assertion as unfounded as
the other. Had not the American army taken pos-
session of the Mexican territory on the left bank of
the Rio del Norte ? Had it not planted itself in the
midst of Mexican cornfields and the cultivated
farms of Mexican inhabitants? Had they not
driven the civil officers of the Mexican Govern-
ment from the custom-house at Santiago? Had
they not pointed their cannon upon the Mexican
town of Matamoros ? Were these acts of Mexi-
co, or acts of the United States? Were they not
acts of hostility ?
When Captain Thornton eharged upon the
Mexican troops, was that a commencement of the
war by Mexico.'' Was not that officer tried for it
as an unauthorized act? Whom was Captain
Ihornton—whom was General Taylor " defend-
ing?" Our army had entered the Mexican terri-
tory, captured Matamoros, captured Camargo,
captured Monterey, capturcd Saltillo, captured
Tabasco, captured Tampico; unarmed peasants
had been murdered, and Mexicans cut down while
defending their soil; and yet this was a war of
defence on our part 1
The President had intimated that he intended to
hold all this territory as a security for all the ex-
