1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
pGOses of this war. Now, of all the principles Mr.
G,* had ever met with, this surpassed. To engage
in a piratical war against a sister republic, and
then hold her property until she paid for the ex-
penses of the robbery! It was worthy of the bar-
barous ages. But how much of this territory must
we take in repayment? Look at our own experi-
ence of the sales of public land in the slave States;
it had cost this Government forty millions of dol-
lars; that is, the Government was forty millions
out of pocket by getting these lands. The more it
got of them the more money it* lost, (while in the
free States the account stood just the other way;
the Governmenthad realized about forty millions.)
Now, at this rate, how much Mexican land would
it take to reimburse our expenses in the war, when
every acre we got was a loss? [A laugh.] He
called upon the friends of the "President to uo this
sum.
Mr. G. said he had ever been of opinion, not-
withstanding his opinion of the war and of its au-
thors, that those who had voted for it m Congress
were not to blame. It was purely an executive
war. Without the consent of this House, without
the consent of the Senate, the President had ordered
his army into territory belonging to Mexico. Then
came the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la
Palma. All the blood poured out on those fields
was shed by a mere executive order: on the Presi-
dent's skirts would all that precious blood be
found. He was answerable for every drop of it,
both at the bar of public opinion here, and at the
bar of God hereafter. Yes, he, he alone was re-
sponsible for the life of Ringgold and all his brave
companions in arms. They had marched under
executive authority alone.
And when, afterwards, the House had voted
him ten millions of dollars and fifty thousand vol-
unteers, not a man who voted the appropriations
had ever dreamed they were giving men and mo-
ney to enable the President to subvert the Govern-
ment of Mexico and seize upon her territories. He
called upon those who voted for that bill here to
say whether they had the remotest thought of
sending an American army or fleet to capture Mon-
terey and Saltillo and Tabasco ?—to enter the Mex-
ican territory, and tliere to slay and slaughter wo-
men, children, and helpless age? Our army had
been sent there for conquest, and for conquest
alone.
But the President said that Mexico had been
Jong inflicting a series of wrongs upon us. Very
true; so she had. But an arrangement had been
made between the two Governments on that sub-
ject by a solemn treaty. It turned out thus, the
'President himself being the judge, to be a mere
question of dollars and cents. All that representa-
tion went behind the record, and had no just bear-
ing on the present question of war and peace.
These wrongs of Mexico had been perpetrated
chiefly by Santa Am- Were his crimes to be
visited on the heads of the unoffending Mexican
people? Yet this very Santa Ana, the miscreant
"who had perpetrated the barbarities of the Alamo,
had been restored from banishment by the Presi-
dent's passport to his country. Mexico owed us
a debt of $2,600,000, the payment of which she
had withheld; and here was the whole foundation
of this war. On the same principle, because the
State of Pennsylvania withheld the payment of
interest due on foreign loans, the people of Eng-
land might come and cannonade the city of Phila-
delphia. The plea was the same: the argument
was as good in the one case as in the other. And
how was it with the States of Illinois, and Indiana,
and Arkansas, and all the rest who were m a simi-
lar situation ? Was this a reason the President
should order his troops into th<- heart of a neigh-
boring republic to slaughter the inhabitants, and
spread universal misery and desolation ? And all
this for a delay in paying some two or three mil-
lions of dollars? He would hold the President re-
sponsible before the bar of Omnipotence for this.
Gentlemen had complained that in opposition to
this war religious opinion had been appealed to.
Undoubtedly it had: and could it be otherwise?
If we were a religious and moral people, must not
such acts appeal to our religious feelings ? Every
principle of religion was opposed to it. It was a
wonder to him that the pulpit had not made itself
more conspicuous on this matter than it had. A
religious people engaged in cutting men's throats !
If the accounts of letter-writers on the spot were
to be believed, (and ho could see no conceivablc
reason why they should falsify the fact against
their own countrymen,) our troops stabbed un-
armed Mexicans in their houses, and committed
outrage on the females of their family: and then,
because one who had done this was found next
morning lying on the ground, shot through the
body, the Texan Rangers had shot from eighty to
one hundred Mexican peasants in revenge. And
these were men paid by Congress—agents of the
American Government, representing the American
people! Did not all religious feeling condemn such
deeds as these? Look at the families destroyed
in the bombardment of Tabasco, an act done by
order of the President.
Now the question presented itself to him as an
American citizen, as a Christian, as living in a
Christian countiy, whether he would authorize
the continuance of a war like this by his vote?
He spoke, of course, for himself alone. He blamed
none for what was past. But he looked to the
future; and here he spoke truth when he said that
if he gave such a vote he should be called to resign
j his seat in thiee weeks. [A voice, u That's fiank;
5 keep your seat by all means.1'] The question was
I whether our army should be withdrawn aud we
' offer terms of peace, or whether this war should
be carried still further. On that question each gen-
tleman must judge and act for himself. If public
opinion spoke anything, it declared that those who
persevered in protracting this war would be thrown
off. The people were well informed on this whole
subject; it came home to their pockets, and they
asked each other if they should accumulate a vast
public debt to oppress them and their children, and
their children's children, for such an object. They
would make their servants hear the reply.
But he was admonished that he had but ten min-
utes left of his hour. An hour was a very short
time; and he never could make a logical speech
when thus hurried.
He would occupy the short remaining time in
calling his Whig friends to the action of the Whigs
in the British Parliament m '7b, when their coun-
try was engaged in an unjust and oppressive war
upon us. Did those eminent men adopt the prin-
ciple, " Our country, right or wrong" ? Did they
vote for the war? They refused to vote the appro-
priations, and refused even a vote of thanks to the
troops for their bravery m carrying on an unjust
war.
Hear what Mr. Fox said, April 24, 1776, on
resolutions of supply:
'JTo the resolutions he should give a Hat negative, and
that not because of any pameular objection to ti e taxes pro-
posed. (although it mignt tie a sufficient ground for uigmg
manyj but because he could nut conscientiously agree to
grant any money for &o detractive, .so ignoble a purpose, as
the eariymg on a war commenced unjustly, and supported
with no oilier view than to the eAtirpation of treedom, and
the violation of every social comfort. Tnis he conceived to
be tiie strict hue of conduct to be observed by a member of
Parliament."
So said Mr. G. now. He would grant no money
to carry on such an unjust and murderous war.
" Colonel Bdir<3 followed, and adopted the phrase of Mi.
Fox, giving his Hat negative to the resolution*, as they were
calculated to tax the subject foi an unjust purpose."
In the House of Lords, October 31st, the Duke
of Grafton said:
" He pledged himself to the House and to the pnbhc that,
while he had a leg to stand on, he would come down day
after day to express the mo->t marked ttbhonence ot the
measure* hither to pursued, and meant to be adheted to in
leaped to America."
But it is said that wc must conquer Mexico or
abandon it. I then say, withdraw your army.
When such an argument was raised in the House
of Commons, Mr. Fox said:
"The noble loid who moved the amendment said that we
weie in the dilemma ot conqueuug or abandoning America.
If we are reduced to that, 1 am lor abandoning America."
So am I, (said Mr. G.) Let us put our troops on
American soil, and then, if Mexico presses us, we
will unite to a man in resisting her. But the Presi-
dent says the war must be pressed until Mexico
yield. In the Commons, November 6, 1776, Mr.
Burke said:
"You simply tell the colonics to lay down their armsj
and then jou will do ju^t as >ou please. Could the most
cruel conqueror s-ay les-s? Had \ou conquered tne devil
himself in holl, could jou be less liberal? No."
I would change the language, and ask, could the
devil himself offer more revolting terms? In the
Commons, May 14, 1777, another debate occurred
on the budget, in the course of which Mr. Burke
said:
"He was, and ever would he, ready to support a just
war, whether against subjects oraliea enemies; but where-
justice, or a eoior of justice, was wanting, he should ever
be the first lo oppose it."
In the debate in the House of Lords,the ad-
dress of thanks in Octobcr, 1777, after the battle
of Lexington arid Bunker Hill, the Duke of Graf-
ton said: ' • '
" 1 pledge myself to your lordships and my country that,
if necessity should require it, ana my health not other-
wise permit it, I mi an to come down to this House in a
htter, in ordei to express my full and hearty disapprobation
of tiie measures now pursuing, and, as I understand'from
the noble lords in office, meant to be pursued. I do protest
that, if my brother or dearest friend were to be affected by '
the vote T mean to give thi.s evening, T cannot possibly resist
the faithful discharge of my conscience and my duty., Wei a
I to lose my fortune, and every other thing 1 esteem—were
I to he reduced to beggary itself, the strong conviction and
compulsion at once operating on my mind and conscience
would not permit me to take any other part on the present
occasion than that X now mean to adopt."
At the close of that debate a protest was signed
by several peers, containing the-foJlowingclause;
" Because we cannot, as Englishmen, as Christians, or as
men of common humanity, consent to the prosecution of tC
cruel civil wai, so little suppoited by justice, and to very
fatal in its neeessaiy consequences, as that winch is now
waging against our In etiiren and fellow-subjects in America."
In the House of Commons, on the same address,
Mr. Wilkes said:
" I call the war with our brethren in America an unjust,
felonious war.   * * I assort that it is a mmderous war,
because it is an effort to deprive men of their lives for stand-
ing up in the ju>t cause of the defence of then piopeity and
their clear rights. It becomes no less a murderous war
wjth respect to many of our fellow-subjects of this island,;
for every man, either of the army or navy, who has been
sent by Government to Atnenca, and fallen a victim in tins
unnatural and unjust contest, lias, in my opinion, been
murdered by the Adinimstiation, and his blood lies at their
door. Such a war, I fear, sir, will draw down the ven-
geance of Heaven upon this devoted kingdom."
In the Lords, May 28, 1777, Lord Chatham
brought forward a motion to put a stop to the
American hostilities, and said:
" We have tried for unconditional submis-ion ; try what
can be rained by unconditional rediess. Weaie the nggres-
tois. We have invaded them. We have invaded them as
much as the Spanish armada invaded England. * * * *
In the spoitman'- phrase, when you have found yourselves
at fault, you must tiy hack." " 1 shall no doubt hear it ob-
jected, Why should we submit or concede? Has America
done anything on her part to induce us to agree to so laige
a giound of concession? I will tell >011, my lords, why I
think you should. You have been the aggressors from the
beginning. If, then, we are the aggiessors, it is your lord-
ships' business to make the first oveiture. I say again, tins
country has been the aggressor. You have made descents
upon their coasts; you have burnt their towns, plundered
their country, made wai upon the inhabitants, confiscated
their property, proscribed and imprisoned their persons. I
do, therefore, affirm, that instead of exacting unconditional
submission from the colonies, we should grant them uncon-
ditional ledress. We have injured them; we have endoa-
voied to enclave and oppiess them. Upon tins clear ground,
instead of chastnement, they aie entitled to redress." "If
I were an American, us T am an Englishman, while a for-
eign troop was landed in my countiy, I never would lay
down my arms—never—never—never."
In the Lords, November 18, 1777, the Duke of
Richmond said:
" Can we too soon put a stopjto such a scene of carnage ?
I know that what [ am going to say is not fashionable lan-
guage; but a time will comc when every one of us must
account to God for his actions, and how can we justify
causing so many innocent lives to be lost?"
j! In the Commons, December 5, 1778, Mr. Hart-
ji ley, the constant friend of America, brought for-
!j ward a motion—
• J " That it is unbecoming the wisdom and prudence of Far-
i j Jiament to proceed anv furthei in the support. o( this fruitless,
' j expensive, and de«t  octive war: moie especially without any
'I specific terms of accommodation declared."
i i In the Lords, February 16,3778, the Marquis of
!i Rockingham said:
jl "He was determined to serve his country by making
i i peace at any rate."
In the Lords, March 23,1778, the Duke of Rich-
i mond brought forward a motion for the withdraw-
al ing the forces from America.
| In the Commons, November 27, 1780, on a mo-
- tion to thank General Clinton and others for their
!; military services in America, Mr. Wilkes said:
c> I think it mv duty to oppose this motion, because in my
P idea every part of it conveys an approbation of the American
:! War—a uar unfounded in principle, and fatal in its conse-
! ■ quenccs to this country. * * * Sii, I will not thank for
jl Mctones which only tend to protract a destructive wai. * *
I1 As f reprobate the want of principle in the origin of the
!i American war, I the more lament all the spnited exertions
: I of valor and the wisdom of conduct which in a good 'eaiiFu
I warmly applaud. Thinking as I do, I see more matter of
grief than of uiumph, of bewailing than thanksgiving m this
civil contest, and the deluge of blood which has ovei flowed
America. * * * I deeply lament that the lustre of such
splendid victories is obscured and daikened by the want of
