38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
of sending deputies to the supreme council or the general
assembly of the States, be ju>tly conquered by an absolute
monarch, she must never more think of such privileges;
they are what the constitution of the new State to which
. she is annexed does not permit."
The distinction thus taken by Vattel between
the perfect and imperfect title of the sovereign to
a conquered province, is in full accordance with
the general- principle already alluded to, viz: that
the conqueror succeeds to ail of the rights of the
conquered sovereign. "Now, the title of the Gov-
ernment of Mexico to the provinces conquered by
our arms, west of the Rio Grande, was a perfect
title, and vested by act of conquest in the sover-
eignty of this Union. Here let him be under-
stood, in speaking of the sovereignty of this Gov-
ernment. He did not mean the President, hut the
nation; all the departments of the Government,
combined, represented its sovereignty; and of that
he spoke. His friend from Illinois was right in
his position, if Vattel is right; and the President
might have gone farther, and claimed, in behalf of
this Government, the conquered country. But
he (Mr. P.) rcjoiced that the President had taken
the view of the subject which he had taken. He
(the President) told them that the war was not
waged for conquest; it was waged to procure an
honorable peace, to secure indemnity for our citi-
zens, to protect us in future against the insults of
Mexico. That was all he (Mr. P.) asked, all he
desired; and when that was obtained, he would
say again, and in God's name, give back Mexico
all to which she was justly entitled, but not one
inch more.
But much (said Mr. P.) has been said about the
establishmeot of civil governments. It had been
asked why civil governments had been established
in these territories. There was no such thing as
civil government m any part of the conquered ter-
ritory of Mexico. It was military government.
It was founded upon military authoi ity. But it
had certain civil sanctions; or, in other words, the
military conqueror had authorized it to perform
certain civil functions for the preservation of so-
ciety upon which it operated. Were there gentle-
men here who wished to see added to the horrors
of conquest, all the horrors of military govern-
ment? Was it not proper that the military gov-
ernment should assume as mild a form as possi-
ble? Was it not due by us as a powerful nation
engaged in a just war, holding out, as we have !
done from the' beginning, the olive branch of peace i
in the one hand, and the sword in the other—one i
offered as a matter of gratuity or choice, the other !
wielded only as a matter of necessity—he asked, ;
was it not compatible with the character of such a j
nation and such a people, on the principles of hu- ;
manity and justice, that a military government j
should be ameliorated as much as possible by the I
introduction of " civil sanctions'5 in the execution j
of the laws? If, then, that be true—and if not true, '
the gentleman making the objection must be sup- j
posed willing to prefer all the horrors of military j
government—then he would say that those indi- '
viduals wielding the milituiy power of the nation |
under the authority of the government, had done !
not only what was proper, but what ought to be |
commended. They passed a resolution this morn- i
ing—what was if? Jt was to call upon the Presi- |
dent to inform this House for what purpose the '<
war was waged. That was rather a novelty. The i
President of the United States was merely an ex- i
ecutive officer acting under their authority—under j
their declaration that the war existed; and that j
they should now turn right round and askium to I
inform them of the reasons why he prosecuted the j
wen, was certainly a rather singular procedure. J
He (Mr. P.) was surprised that such a spectacle j
should be presented to the country and to the 1
world. Did they intend to impeach the Presi- j
dent's veracity? They voted for the declaration i
of war; they declared that the war existed; they '
were to be held responsible; and yet now they [
turn round and ask the President to give another i
reason—a reason for doing that which they them- ,
selves had authorized. Pshaw ! that was too shai- i
low even for political capital. It would not live ;
in the atmosphere that circulates freely and hon- i
estly beyond this House or beyond this Capitol.
It could not live here a moment but for the foetid
and corrupted atmosphere engendered around the
politicians who assembled at the seat of Govern-
ment. Mr. P. believed he had said all that he
cared about saying now.
Mr. A. JOHNSON then addressed the commit-
tee. It was not his intention to make a long
speech. The gentleman from Alabama had used
some of the material which he (Mr. J.) had in-
tended to employ; and therefore he felt still less
inclined to speak. But the subject was expansive
in interest and importance as the country itself,
and he could not well allow it to pass without some
remark. He had been struck by some remarks
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giodings,] in
which he had attempted to show that his [Mr.G.'s]
position was like that of the Whigs of 1776, having
previously stated that in principle he was opposed
to war; that it was contrary to the laws of God and
humanity, contrary to every principle of right.
He (Mr. J.) wondered if that gentleman's party—
he wondered if he himself, on that occasion, or
any other, would say that the Whigs of 1776 were
wrong, that they acted unjustly, that they violated
the laws of God and man in resisting the aggres-
sions and tyranny of Great Britain on the colonies.
He felt as though he would have been glad if the
sainted spirits of the Revolution, whose bodies had
long since mingled with their mother earth, could
have appeared on that scene. He could not re-
frain from the aspiration that some power could
have called them from their graves, and that, dof-
fing the habiliments of the tomb, they could have
reappeared in their midst and gazed upon the spec-
tacle presented to the country by the honorable
member from Ohio. He (Mr. J.) understood him
to assume distinctly that war was wrong m princi-
ple, and that he was opposed to it on that ground.
He supposed, then, that the gentleman belonged
to that religious body denominated " the Society
of Friends."
Mr. GIDD1NGS. If the gentleman 
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not intend to yield the
floor.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Well, if he persists in mis-
representing 
Mr. JOHNSON did not misrepresent the gentle-
man. He (Mr. J.) would like to see a govern-
ment composed of that denomination—that peacc-
loving and war-hating denomination—in order to
ascertain how long it. would exist. It was contrary
to nature, it was contrary to experience, it was
contrary to necessity and the progress of man in
society, to suppose that any organized government
could exist at all on such principles. The forma-
tion of society precluded the very idea of such a
state of things. Then, as citizens under this Gov-
ernment—asChristians—as men who desired to do
right—as men who reverenced the supreme law of
the Almighty Being who controlled all things, he
maintained that it was their bounden duty to de-
fend their soil and their Government from the in-
vasions or assaults of any foreign foe. But the
sympathy of the gentleman from Ohio seemed to
be entirely bestowed upon the Mexicans. To-
wards them his bosom yearned with the fondest
emotion. For them his bowels of compassion were
intensely moved; and as he beheld the injuries in-
flicted upon them, he seemed ready to dissolve m
tears. The gentleman was blind to the repeated
insults and accumulated wrongs perpetrated by
Mexico upon the people of the United States. He
had forgotten the sufferings and losses—the incar-
cerations in dark and filthy dungeons—the ruth-
less confiscation of property to which citizens of
the United States had been subjected by that very
people for whom his bosom overflowed with sym-
pathy. The gentleman seemed to forget, that year
after year his own Government—on which he had
heaped such a load of reproach and vituperation—
had exercised towards Mexico a degree of forbear-
ance, which, if manifested towards a more power-
ful nation, would have been justly regarded as
pusillanimity. He had forgotten that, by the ap-
pointment of commissioners; by the embassy of a
minister clothed with plenary powers to adjust all
the difficulties between the two nations; by every
peaceful means, the Government of the United
States had sought to obtain redress for the wrongs
perpetrated upon her citizens. He forgot to tell
the House that all this forbearance, all this gener-
osity, all this magnanimous perseverance in peace-
ful remedial measures had been treated with con-
tempt by the Mexican Government. The gentle-
man had forgotten also to turn back to that page
in the history of Texas stained with blood and
massacrc, which recorded the sufferings of the gal-
lant Texan people, at the hands of the treacherous
and perfidious race for whom the gentleman was
overwhelmed with pitying sympathy. Heforgotall
that; and whilst the blood of slaughtered Americana
called aloud for vengeance, and the footof the Mexi-
can invader polluted American soil, the gentleman
thought only of what he regarded as the grievous
wrongs of Mexico! The gcntlemaif denounced
the war as the President's war; and declared that
the Executive had initiated the Government into
that war. But as the gentleman's mind seemed
to be confused, and—probably overcome by the
violence of his sympathetic feelings—evinced an
indisposition to arrive at correct conclusions, he
(Mr. J.) proposed to aid him by referring him to
some authorities on the subject. He had endeav-
ored to obtain as full a citation of authorities as
possible, but he found that the library, and all the
other sources of information, had been pretty nigh
exhausted—almost all the volumes, big and little,
on international law, having been carried off, from
which fact he was led to anticipate a very fearful
inundation of the country with all sons of national
and infa-national law. Out of the scanty stock
which the various exploring expeditions had left,
he (Mr. J.) had found a volume of " Grotius;"
and m a note to one of the pages of that work, he
had found reference to "vattel," which was, he
thought, applicable to the present case:
" As the operations of war can never be regulated by ;m
exact calculation ot los^ or gain, if the retaliation of the ag-
gueved should exceed the damages he has sustained, hw
acts must still he considered as defensive measure?,and jk>£
as aggressions; and the mischief that follows any excess
must be imputed to the firt-t aggressor alone. For, as Vulte}
oh*eives, 4 the offended party has a right to provide for fu-
• ture security, and to chastise the offender by inflicting
1 upon hnn a puni&hment capable of deterring him tlie> ce-
1 forward from committing Mimlar aggressions, and of in—
'tnnidalmg those who might be tempted to imitate him.
cHe may, if necessary, oven disable the aggressor from dou?g
'further injury.'"—Kattei, b. n. ch. iv,$ec. 52.
Well now, what was the question ? As had
been clearly demonstrated by the member from
Alabama, [Mr. Payne,] the Rio Grande, from its
mouth to its source, was the boundary of Texas.
The United States troops* were marched to the
eastern bank of that river, and therefore occupied
a position on the territory of the United States.
The Mexicans ciossed the stream; they marched
into the territory of the United States; they struck
the first blow; they were the' aggressors. Since
then, the United States had become the invaders.
They had repelled the Mexicans; they had pur-
sued them into their own territory. Still, accord-
ing to the highest authority, the war was to be
regarded as still strictly a defensive war. And
why? The Mexicans were clearly in the wrong,
and the United States had the light to prosecuie
the war until the enemy had become so disabled
as to be incapable of doing further injury. Another
honorable member from the State of Ohio, [Mr,
Schenck]—whom he (Mr. J.) always heard with
great interest; he always admired tlie tact and in-
genuity with which he managed a question—in
making an argument the other day, attempted to
prove that the laws and Constitution of the United
States were violated; and the gentleman read the
President's message to sustain his position, that
from the mouth to the source of the Kio Grande,
according to the President, was the western bound-
ary of the United Slates; but that Santa Fe was
on the eastern side of that river, and therefore
within the United States. Well, then what did
he do ? He took up that post captain's—that am-
phibious Commodore Stockton—proclamation, for
the purpose of showing that the laws and Consti-
tution of the United States had been violated on
the eastern side of the Rio Grande.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman 
cMr. JOHNSON understood the gentleman pre-
cisely as he heard him, and as he was reported.
He read Captain Stockton's proclamation,m order
to prove that the laws and Constitution had been
violated on the eastern side of the Rio Grande.
Well, the conclusion did not exactly fit his prem-
ises. Was the gentleman sincere in endorsing
the President's argument? Did he use that argu-
ment5 Did he use that argument a a good one?
Mr. SOHRNCIC I did not endorse the Presi-
dent at all. I was merely trying the President by
the President. I was showing that in his message
he claims all the country east of the Rio Grande to
be within the United States, and then I asked how
that could be reconciled with the fact that one of
his subordinate officers (General Kearny) has es-
tablished a distinct territorial government within
what lie claims to be the limits of the United
States. What I said about Commodore Stock-
