1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
ton's proclamation—for I have some slight idea of
the geography of the country—was in reference to
<a different point* I was either not understood, or
the gentleman misapprehended me> if! confoundcd
the argument with reference to the Rio Grande
with what Commodore Stockton was doing in
California,
Mr, JOHNSON. That was the gentleman's
argument, and it was stronger in that way than in
any other. But what did his position seem to be
now? It would seem that he had no position at
all. It does notendorse the President's argument,
he said, arid, altogether he seemed to be migrating
strangely enough from one point to the other. He
should not make use of the President's argument,
and endeavor to establish a boundary from it, and
then, by reading a proclamation in California,
attempt to show that the Constitution and laws of
the United States had been violated,
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to be understood. I will inform him
that I am pretty sure that Santa Fe is not in Cali- I
Jfornia. I think, also, it is on this side of the Rio
Grande, what is claimed to be Texas, or the Uni-
ted States, by the President. For that I rely upon
the geography, and not on the message. I am,
however, showing that the President, claiming
that Santa Fe is within the limits of the United
States, cannot reconcile that position with his per-
mission to establish within the limits of the United
States a distinct territorial jurisdiction. May I be
permitted to inquire of the gentleman, if, before he
closes, he will inform us whether he believes,
with the President,that Santa Fe is in Texas, and,
therefore, within the limits of the United States,
<or not?
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe in the boundary of
Texas, as defined and claimed in the act of her
Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK- Yesf I know that—in the act
of March, 1836—that's not the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was the Texas, with
the same defined boundary, whose independence
had been acknowledged by the principal Powers
of Europe. She had^he same boundary then as
now. The question of boundary was to be settled
by negotiation when she was annexed. He
thought he knew where lie was on tins point.- But
he did not intend to be drawn off from the diffi-
culty in which the honorable gentleman from Ohio
iiad involved himself. The member from Ken-
tucky, j[Mr. Davis,] when pressed by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Air. Rhett,] disclaim-
ed that he had admitted that it was a part of the
United States; to which the latter replied, that the S
argument of the gentleman from Kentucky fell to
the ground; and now it would seem the gentleman
from Ohio attempted to sustain the sinking mem-
ber from Kentucky, and prove from the message
that Santa Fe was within the boundary of the
United States, and then that Commodore Stock-
ton's proclamation proved that the laws and Con-
stitution of the United States had been violated.
That was the gentleman's position; and from it
there was no escape. He read the President's
message to define the boundary, and based on that
his argument, turning round^ and, in the same
breath, declaring that he had not endorsed any-
thing that the President had said. What did his j
argument amount to ? And furthermore, to what j
did his sincerity amount? Then, in regard to ;
General Kearny, a great deal had been said about '
his proclamation. He must confess that he had i
not the highest idea in the world of those gentle- !
men with epauletts on their shoulders who com-
_ manded the army and navy; but they were end- !
tied to a certain degree of respect, and they were ;
good Whigs in politics. He did not see why they i
should be so much abused by their friends upon
that floor. i
[A voice: Is Captain Stockton a Whig5] i
Mr. JOHNSON. Why,he is agoodTylerdem- !
ocrat—a sort of amphibious politician, [a laugh.] :
He (Mr. J.) was about to say that he had a little i
more respect for these gentlemen than their own ;
party appeared to entertain for them. Whenstrong I
fortresses were to be attacked—when a country was
to be invaded, or a country to be defended, these
gentlemen were called upon and were worthy of re-
liance. But in the run of discussion the other day
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
dendingly spoke of them as "that sort of people.'3 |
His (Mr. R.!s) first expression was, that they j
were 4'gumps—what did they know?'' Weil, he i
(Mr. J.) asked them to look at the-House, and
look At the spectacle presented by a sort of people
there. Three democratic expounders of the Con-
stitution had arisen, and lo! every one differed
from his fellow in the opinion which he felt called
upon to present to the "House and to the world.
And the same spectacle had been exhibited on the
opposite side. % There had been some three or four
expounders, all disagreeing from each other.
After such a specimen of the unanimity of such
high expounders of the Constitution, he asked
with what grace gentlemen could laugh at"gu/nps"
outof the House. But how did the matter stand ?
Where was the foundation for those charges, that
of violation of order, and of the Jaw and Constitu-
tion, and everything that was sacred, on the part
of General Kearny ? Why, he said that General
Kearny had been guilty of a monstrous offence—
he had been swearing Mexicans! He (Mr. J.)
did not appear there as the General's apologist or
defender. If the General had served his country
faithfully, lie (Mr. J.) thanked him, whether he
was a Whig or Democrat. But, after all, it might
turn out that General Kearny—one of these
"gumps"—might have had some important pro-
visions of international law lying before him.
Let them hear what Martens, in his Treatise on
the Laws of Nations, says;
« The conqueror has, strictly speaking, a right to make
prisoners of war of all the subjects of a hostile State who
may fait mto his power, though they have commuted no
violence a^ain&t him; and, of course, lie has a right o
icmove them to another country* But, novv-a-days, the
conqueror geneially carries his rights in tins respect no
fuither than to submit such subjects, to his domination, to
make them swear fcutty to him, to exercise certain rights ol
sovereignty over thein, such as raising and quartering
tioops among them, making them pay taxes, obey his laws,
&c., and jwnisMng as rebels tltose tcho attempt to betray him.
or shake off his yoke.1'
What had General Kearny done conflicting with
that? Nothing. He had a right to swear them to
fealty to him. So much for General Kearny. But
the President (Mr. J. went on to say) had been
charged with initiating the country into a war. It
had been called the President's war. Was it so?
Whose war was it ? It was the war of the Ameri-
can people. That the President proved most con-
clusively. The Texas boundary had been left an
open question between the two Governments.
What were the nccessary steps to be taken ? Nego-
tiation and peaceful overtures: and these measures
were taken. But Mexico refused all overLut es.
She refused to negotiate. What position was this
Government then bound to maintain? Why, of
course, to observe and maiutain the boundary as
defined by the Government annexing herself to the
United States; and that obligation the Government
did fulfil. In pursuance of that obligation, it be-
came the bounden duty of the President to direct
General Taylor to take his position on the eastern
bank o? the Rio Grande, there to continue till the
Mexican Government came to its senses. The
Mexican Government with her troops crossed the
line, and struck the soldiers of the United States
to the ground. She struck the first blow, which
had been successfully returned; and he fervently
prayed that if Mexico did not come speedily to her
senses, the war would be prosecuted to the city of
Mexico itself. All that had been urged against
the justice of the war, was very much like that
which was said in 1812. That war was called
James Madison's war, Felix Grundy's war, the
devil's war. Let them hear a resolution passed
by the Massachusetts Legislature of that day:
"Thereat cause of the war must be traced to the first
systematica! abandonment of the policy of Washington, and
the friends and framers of the Constitution; to implacable
animosity against those men, and their universal exclusion
from ait concern in the government of the country; to the
influence ot the worthless foreigners over the press, and
the deliberations of the Government in all its branches; to i
a jealousy ot commercial States, fear of their power, con- t
tempt of their pursuits, and ignorance of their true character j
and impoitance; to the cupidity of certain States for the !
wilderness reserved for the aborigines; to a violent passion j
for conquest," &c. j
With equal candor the Senate of that State, not I
to be outdone by the other legislative branch, dc- S
ciares, that— j
"Tile war was founded in falsehood, declared without
necessity, and its real object was extent of territory by un-
just conquest, and to aid the tyrant of Europe in his view of
aggrandizement."
That was the language of that day, and it wag
thejanguage of this day; and it did seem strange
that this Government could never be thrown into
conflict with any foreign power, but men were
j found willing to denounce the Government as un-
i just and iniquitous in its defence of the nation's
| honor, ready to affirm that it was a President's
j war—that it was an unholy and an unjsst war.
i There were many other thiiigs showing coticlusive-
! ly to what parties tended; hut he omitted them for
j the present. It was a little strange to see the as-
| sociation presented in the House. There was a
; Federal leader of the northwest, or heshould rather
'• say one who assumed to be the leader of that divi-
■ sion of the Union, and there was a distinguished
: member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wintbrof,]
! leading a division of the Federal party there—both
S singing the same song of the Federalists who op-
, posed the last war. There, again, was a gentleman
j from Kentucky attempting to bring up the division
I of the Federal party of the slave States. Where did
1 KentuckyandTennesseestand during the last war?
j When Massachusetts was repeating again and
l again, through her State Legislature, in her pulpit
i and her newspapers, the same sentiments that she
| uttered now, where did Tennessee and Kentucky
then stand? They stood shoulder to shoulder,
' fighting the battles of their country. They fought
in the same field together—their blood mingled upon
the same gory field; and now how did they stand,
while her own noble Butler was leading her chosen
; band at Monterey, when in the thickest of the
melee his patriotic voice was cheering them on to
; the encounter? Where did Kentucky's representa-
j tive in that House stand ? He stood by the side
j of Massachusetts—the honest enemy of the war
; party in the country. Kentucky and Massachusetts
stood there trying by speeches and clamor to impede
and cripple the Administration engaged in the
prosecution of the war—the very war in which
Kentucky and Tennessee were pouring out their
noblest blood, and uniting with their bravest vol-
unteers.' What a strange, what an extraordinary
combination in the House! But the gentleman
from Massachusetts mentioned a great objection
to the President's message. He said it was a long
message. It was not strange that he complained
on that score. It presented such an accumulation
of facts, such a long and lucid army of facts in re-
lation to the war, and the cause which led to it,
and the manner in which it had been prosecuted,
that it was not at all strange that, according to the
gentleman, it was tiresome, and that he and his
friends had each wished that it had been shorter.
The logic, however, did seem a little strange, that
because it was a long message it must needs be a
bad one. But the gentleman had told them that
he had been looking over the past President's mes-
sages, and had found that from the days of Wash-
ington to those of Jackson the messages made but
330 pages, whilst the administration of Jackson
I and Van Buren alone made 350 pages; and that wag
1 gravely brought up and urged upon the House,
and presented through the House to the country,
j as a serious objection to Mr. Polk's message.
! Gentlemen would seem to be getting short of rna-
j terials, getting hard pushed, when a man possessed
i of such talents as the gentleman from Massachu-
! setts must bring forward such an argument as that
| against the President's message. The gentleman
informed them that he had made a discovery—yes,
a discovery. He (Mr. J.) confessed that his ex-
pectations had been keenly excited. He (Mr. J.)
had almost imagined that some individual had come
rushing in from his nightly and solitary occupa-
tions-—some astrologer or star-gazer—and had an-
nounced that he had discovered some very impor-
tant aftair—some extraordinary phenomenon in
the heavens—yea, that some baleful planet had
presented ftself on the horizon, and it was likely
that in its passage aleng it would shake the earth
to its very centre; and lo and behold! wllen the
discovery was announced, what was it? He
had discovered that the messages of Mr. Van
Buren and General Jackson were as long as all
the preceding ones! He (Mr. J.) had no doubt
I that the nation had been convulsed, heaved to
j its very centre, on the announcement of this im-
; nortant fact by the distinguished member from
j Massachusetts! But in the discussion which had
; been going on here for a few days past, it did seem
| a little strange to him (Mr. J.) that the distin-
; guished- member could nowhere see the object of
this rlikp.iismion. Aid anil comfort'5 to the enemy
Aid and comfort'1
the gentleman seemed peculiarly
this discussion.
j of the country-
: sensitive ut that! If it was treason to hoist blue
j lights along the coast in the last war, and serve
I the enemy, was it not treason to throw iropedi-
