1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of sundry citizens of
Ohio, lor a mail-route from St. Johns, in Allen county, to
Frjbnrg; thcnce to Dmsmore, in Shelby county. Also, a
petition tor a mail-route from Maiion, m Marion county, to
iCenton and Hunters ville, in Hardin county, thence to Lima,
in Allot! county: referred to the Committee on the Post Oiiice
and Po^t KoaUj?.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: A petition from the licensed pilots
of tae State of New York, praying for the repeal of the law
of Congress passed Maich 2, 1837, concerning pilots and
pilotage: referred to the Committee on Commerce. Also,
the petition of the heir-; of Captain Itichard Lucas: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. Also, the peti-
tion of the heirs of Philip R. Rice: refened to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. SCJJENCK: The petition of Ruth Freeman, widow
of Captain Thomas Freeman, late of Butler county, Ohio,
praying compensation lor extraordinary services rendered
in the war of 18i*>-'15, and reimbursement of moneys ad-
vanced to the soldiers under his command: leferred to the
Committee on the Militia.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON: The petition of citizens of
Walker and Tuscaloosa counties, Alabama, praying that a
po-t-ioad brj established from Jasper, the county seat of
Walker county, to the city of Tuscaloosa, in Tuscaloosa
county, icferied to the Committee on the Pu&t Oriiee aud
Post Roads. Also, the petition of Faily D. Thompson, of
Franklin county, Alabama, piaying to have refunded to him
an amount of money which he had wrongfully paid to the
Post Office Department: refened to the Committee on the
Po>t Oihce and Post Roadi. Ako, the petition ot citizens
of Franklin county, Alabama, praying the establishment of
a post-road from Buzzird R..oa to i*ojnt Smith, m &>aid
county: referred to the Committee on tue Po^t Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. A. JOHNSON: Tiie memorial of Robert Tnvett,
pi'dying Congress to grant him a back pension : referred to
the Committee on fnvahd Pensions.
By Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL: The memorial of the under-
writers of the city ot New York, asking tor the e?tabli?h-
m°nt of an admiralty court at Key West: referred to the
Judiciary Committee. The memorial ot the undeivvriters
of the city of New York, praying for the rebuilding of the
light-houses destroyed b> the late gale on the Flouda coast:
rtrferied to the Commitife on Commerce.
By Mr. ELLSWORTH: The petition of Carle Dingy:
roiWred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. DIXON. The petmon of Daniel Buck, of Hart-
ford, Connecticut, executor oi'Jo.-iih Hempstead, deceased,
praji'ig foi indemnity for French spoliations, &c.: referred
to tiie Committee on Foreign Atlairs.
By Mi. LA SERE : The petition of Lawrence Gurrey, of
the cttv of New Oilcans, praying for it-inuneration fortn-
juuea done to the light-house at Pass Manchac by a severe
stoim during its election, and previous to its completion.
referred to the Committee of Claims. The petmon of A.
JRaudomn and A. D. Robeit, of the city of New Orleans,
praying tor remuneration lor loss of a flat-bo it loaded with
ice, caused by a collision with the steamer Colonel I-i.uuey,
a ves&el bedonymg to the United States*: refened to tae
Committee of Claims. The memorial of Mis. Ann B Cox,
asking payment of an admitted balance due to the laie Na-
thaniel Cox, foimerly navy ag< nt at New Oileans: letened
to the Committee of Chums.
By Mr. GOODYEAR: The petition of Lawrence Van
Dyke and others, piaving for arrears of pension due their
aiife«tor.
By Mr. GRINNELL : Tiie petition of William Rolch, jr.,
ot New Bedford, tor himself and William Handy, the only
surviving owncis, twelve m number, of the wnaling ship
Fox, captured and condemned by tiie Fiench, prior to the
year llOO, asking remuneration for the unlawful capture and
condemnation of siui s-lnp.
By Ms. POLLOCK: Toe petition of Alevander Wallace,
of Pennsylvania, a lwolutionui} soldier, pra.ving for pen-
MOn. Also, the petition of Captain Alexander MeEwen, of
Pennsylvania, praving for a pension: referred to the Com-
minei* on Invalid Pensions.
Bj Mi. BENTON: The memorial of Truman Eno>. and
others, asking a pension for Seth Morton: reicired to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the pmtion of Wil
lidtn B. Bieice. asking a pension on behalf of Kattina Mickie
and Jane De GiafT: refeired to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pen-ion-*.
By Mr HOUGH : The memorial of Mrs. Susanna Pren-
tiss, o! Cazcnovia, New York, widow of Lieut. Midiapaph
Prentiss, who died in the service of the United States, m
the war of 1 BIS, piaying for a pension, or such other lehef
as mavbo ju*t: refeired to Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. NiVEN: The petition of Chailes W. Babbit, for
compunction a^ acting carpenter m the United States rta\v,
asking compensation • leferred to the Committee on Nav.il
Affair?.
Bv Mr. DITNLAP: The memorial of John Neal, admin-
l^trntoi of tiie estate of James Neal, deceased, of the Slate
of Maine, pra\ing indemnity tor French spohaiions ptior
to the j car 1^00 : referred to Committee on Foieign Affa.r-?.
By Mi. TRUMBO: The petition and othei pipeisoi J^s-e
W. Jackson, of Lewis county, Kentucky, praying foi a p-m
sion an invalid soldier m the service of the United States,
in 1813. referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition and other papers of John McTnfosli, of
E-tdl countv, Kentucky, piayingfor a pension as an invalid
soldier m the seiviee of the United States in 1813. Also,
the petition and other papeis of James Fujrott, of Bath
county, K.entuck\, praying foi a pension as an invalid sol-
dier in the «eivice of the Hnilpd States in 1813: both lefer-
ied to tiie Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Bv Mr. WENTYVORTH: The petitions of Daniel Wil-
son and Ro*>we!l Bates, invalid soldiers m the la-t wat, for
pension* • leferred to the Committee on Imalid Pensions.
By Mi. WOOD. The petition of heirs of Jem-slut Far-
rinijton for a pension. refened to the Committee on Revo-
hitronai\ Pensions.
By Mr. THURMAN : Two petition* from certain citizens
of Ohio, piaying lor a grant of land to the Zanesville and
Maysville Turnpike Roa'd Company, to aid them m the con-
st;netion of that load, referred to the Committee on Com-
nicice.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, December 16,1846.
The Hon. John F. Simmons, (Whig,) of Rhode
Island, appeared in his seat to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States by the hands of
his Private Secretary.
REPORTS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 24th
July, 1846, in relation to marine hospitals in the.
State of Maine; which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MANGrUM presented the petition of John
Hogan, asking remuneration for his services as t;
special agent of the Government to the Island of 1
San Domingo; which was referred to the Commit- j
tec on Foreign Relations. j
Mr. CHALMERS presented the petition of;
Susan E. Gordon, praying compensation for prop- I
erly destroyed by United States troops during the r
Creek war; which was referred to the Committee !
on Claims. i
Mr. DICKINSON presented two memorials of
seamen and otheis navigating the lakes, praying j
that Cattaraugus harbor may be completed and j
lighted; which were refened to the Committee on j
Commerce. * j
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Ju- ]
dith Hibbert for a pension; which was referred to :
the Committee on Pensions. j
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Phillips for a j
pension; which was referred to the Committee on j
Naval Affairs. j
Mr. BAG-BY presented the petition of Lloyd j
Slemmer, praying remuneration for services in the j
navy of the United States; which was referred to j
the Committee on Claims. ;
Also, the petition of William Barclay, praying <
i the confirmation of his title to a tract of land; '
ji which was referred to the Committee on Private h
Land Claims. [
| Also, the petition of Richard G. Dove, praying ■
; compensation for his services as assistant messen-
i ger m the Third Auditor's Office; which was re- j
i; ferred to the Committee on Claims. ].
jj Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented a peti- !'
ij tion from citizens of Wilmington, Delaware, pray- j;
i| ing the adoption of measures for the speedy termi- jl
i; nation of the existing war with Mexico; which was jj
!j referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. |!
|j Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Co- jj
j! lumbas Alexauder and Theodore Barnard, praying j
i indemnity for an alleged violation on the part of
, the Government of their contiact for executing the !
punting for the Navy Department; which was re- |!
j1 ferred to the Committee on Claims. i,
; Mr. BENTON submitted additional documents j'
j relating to the petition of Sarah E. Graham; which !,
i were refeired to the Committee on Naval Affairs. |i
i i Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Richaid !
■' M. Livingston, administrator of James Livingston, \
1 deceased, an officer of the revolutionary army, i
I praying to be allowed commutation pay; which ■
| was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary .
' Claims. \.
\ Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of j
: i Thomas Talbot, and others, citizens of Missouri, ,
I trading between that State and New Mexico, pray- ;
! ing indemnity for depredations committed upon j
' their property by a band of Pawnee Indians, m '
1827; which was referred to the Committee on In- !
' dian Affairs.
,! Also, two petitions of citizens of Missouri, |
'! praying the establishment of a mail route from St. ,
: Joseph to Alexandria, in that State; which was j
; referred to the Committee on the Post Oxrice and ,
jj Post Roads. i
| Also, the petition of Thomas H. Noble, praying 1
i| compensation for charcoal furnished for the use of j
,1 the Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
'j Mr.DIX presented the memorial of S. D. Dakin
| and others, owners and patentees of an improved
'! plan of dry-dock, praying that the Secretary of the j,
| Navy may be authorized to contract with them for ■■
the construction of dry-docks at the several naval i
II stations; which was referred to the Committee on j1
ii Naval Affaiis, il
j Mr. STURGEON submitted additional doeu-
i ments relating to the petition of Andrew Moore*
which were referred to the Committee on Pen*
, sions.
j Mr. CASS presented a petition of inhabitants of
i Sault de Ste. Marie, in Michigan, praying the
! appointment of a board of commissioners for the
: adjustment of land titles in- that district, and the
; removal of the military post now established there
■ to some other place on the St. Mary's river; which
, was referred to the Committee on Private Land
. Claims.
i Also, the petition of C. W. Fitch, in behalf of
' himself and the other heirs of Daniel Henshaw,
deceased, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the'Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial o
the administrator of William Bunce, deceased,
praying compensation for his property, destroyed
by order of the officer commanding the army in
Florida during the Seminole war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Numerous petitions and memorials were, on
leave being asked and obtained, withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and again referred to the
appropriate committees.
Mr. BREESE gave notice of bills to grant to
the State of Illinois the right of way through the
public lands in that State, for works of internal
improvement; giving the assent of Congress to
the taxing of the public lands by certain States;
and respecting Indian reservations in tiie State of
Illinois.
Mr. MOREHEAD gave notice of a bili to allow
further time to the trustees of the Deaf and Dumb
Institution in Kentucky to sell the lands granted
to them.
Mr. DIX gave notice of a bill to establish a
branch of the mint of the United States in the city
of New York.
Mr. RPE1GHT gave notice of a hill to establish
a branch of themintof the United States at Charles-
ton, South Carolina.
Mr. SEMPLE gave notice of a bill to establish
a national armory at Massac, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. ASHLEY (on leave) introduced a bili to
establish a permanent general preemption system
in favor of actual settlers upon the public lands;
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public L*mds.
Mr. BREESE (on leave) introduced a bill to
reduce and graduate the price of the public lands;
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. UPHAM (on leave) introduced a bill
changing the place and fixing the time of holding
the circuit and district courts of the United States
in the district of Vermont; which was read twice
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE (on leave) introduced a
bill to amend an act confirming certain land claims
in the State of Michigan; which was read- twice,
and referred to the Committee on Private .Land
Claims.
Also, a bill to apply certain alternate sections of
the public domain to the completion of works of
internal improvement in the State of Michigan
and for other purposes; which was read twice
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill to establish aland office in the north-
ern part of the State of Michigan, and to provide
for the sale of the mineral lands in the State of
Michigan and Territory of Wisconsin; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN (on leave) introduced a
bill to provide for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri, and Ar-
kansas rivers.
Mr. C. desired to make a single remark before
the reference was made. He was in favor of
making improvements in our harbors and rivers;
and if he had been as well acquainted with the sub-
ject as many of his colleagues were, he should
nave asked leave to introduce such a bill himself;
but he preferred to leave it to those who were bet-
ter acquainted with the matter. In order to have
the whole matter under their control, they might,
if it was thought proper, keep the two subjects
which had been proposed separate. He would
move a reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
