44
THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
quired to take any proceedings in regard to it.
The President at the proper time will lay before
us such information as will enable us to proceed
legitimately. If the gentleman will not withdraw
his motion, I trust that the Senate will reject it,
and allow the matter to be passed by for the pres-
ent.
The question being put upon the motion for re-
consideration, it was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT then moved to insert the
word "temporary" before the word "govern-
ment" in his motion to refer.
Mr. BENTON. That only nfakes it worse.
Mr ALLEN said that the insertion of that word
" temporary" did not change the question before
the S-jnatc. That was a question of fact, which
had nothing to do with the authority of this Gov-
ernment^ in Mexico. It was, whether or not, in
his annual message, the President of the United
States Irid recommended the extension of the laws
of the United States over any part of New Mex-
ico? This was the question embraced in the reso-
ution, and it was a question of fact simply; and
if the Senate should vote in favor of that resolu-
tion, it would assert in the face of the world that
the Executive of the United States had made such
a lecommendation. Thepaperupon the Speaker's
table contained no such recommendation; there- :
fore, the question was purely a question of fact,
whether or not the paper did contain any such 1
recommendation. For, in passing this resolution, '
he repeated, the Senate asserted that it did contain i
it. Now, the words territorial government did not
appear in tiiat document. All that the President
intended, so far as he could apprehend lus mean-
ing, after carefully reading the message, was, that
we should maintain a military possession of those t
territories until the end of the war. Should the j
Senate of the United States, then, assume, in a i
solemn n^ohuion, th it the President recommended ■
the establishment of governments, civil govern-
ments, in those provinces, and that the sacred
rights and privileges of the Constitution of the '
United States should be stretched over whole 1
provinces of Mexico? It was due to the Senate
itself to caution its members against even enter- :
taining a proposition of this description. His ,
fnend from Florida ought to consider the position ,
in which he was placing himself and the Senate !
in assuming that the President of the United States '■
had done a thing which the President of the United
States had not done. However unpleasant the at-
titude, this wa« the position which must be assumed,
because the question was oh referring so much of
the President's message as relates to this subject.
Hut no part of the message did relate to that sub-
ject, any more than it related to the solar system;
and to assume 111 the resolution that there was
such a reference, was to impute to the President j
k recommendation which he had not made. There-
fore, the Senate ought to rid themselves of the
whole proceeding. He felt hardly willing to vote
at all upon the subject, because the entertaining of
such a proposition was the asserting of a fact which
did not exi>.f.
Mr. CRITTENDEN believed that he himself
did not understand the mover of the resolution and
the gentlemen on the other side of the House with
anything like the precision and accuracy with
which he understood the resolution. Those gen-
tlemen appeared to differ very much in their views
as to their construction of the President's message.
He proposed, therefore, that the Senate should
postpone the whole debate to a more convenient
time, so that all might have an opportunity of in-
vestigating and comprehending the subject each
for himself; and if it should then appear that the
resolution did really bear the representation which
■had been ascribed to it, he believed the mover
himself would cheerfully withdraw it, tie under-
stood that the principal object of the gentleman i
was to have inquiry made and a report presented |
in regard to the nature of the power which has l
been used in the establishment of governments in !
Mexico. |
Mr. WESTCOTT. No, sir; no. I
Mr.CRITTENDEN. None,hebelieved,would ■
deny that this was a proper object. Whether the
whole power which our militaiy agents there were
authorized to exercise was purely a military power, ]
and whether that power has authorized them to j
establish a civil government in Mexico, in the form j
in which it has been established—-these were proper
subjects of inquiry by Congress. They were the I
conquerors; and the conquerors had a right to do
this. Was it enough that General Kearny merely,
or any other military commander, should do it?
Ought the nominal commanders to do everything?
Was General Kearny the conqueror? Was the
President the conqueror, 01* not rather the Ameri-
can people, and they, consequently, by the laws
of nations, authorized to provide for the safe keep-
ing and preservation of those conquests ? He
(Mr. C.) was not prepared to pronounce any opin-
ion on the question, which would be satisfactory
to himself even. They were entering upon new
and untried scenes. They were now indulging for
the first time in projects of conquest. They had
actually made conquests; and now for the first time
the question arose, How was the Government
to dispose of them? Were they to fall into our
hands, like Roman provinces, and to be governed
by consuls or proconsuls? He, for one, was not
prepared to decide these questions, and he hoped
they would be very cautious in their legislation.
He hoped the resolution would be laid on the
table, as had already been proposed; and he be-
lieved there would be no danger of a division in
opinion after the members had had time to con-
sider and reflect upon the subject. If, however,
the resolution contemplated an extension of the
Government of the United States, he was opposed
to it entirely. He thought Congress had no power
or light whatever under their piesent Constitution
to make such an extension of the civil government.
In conclusion, he moved to lay the resolution 011
the table for the present.
Mr. BENTON desired the gentleman to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN withdrew it, and
Mr. BENTON proceeded. The Senator from
Kentucky had brought forward an entirely different
question. It was, he believed-, strictly parliament-
ary and proper for Congress to inquire whether
the conquerois had kept within the laws of nations,
and fuither, whether they had kept within the
bounds of prudence and propriety in applying
those laws. The laws of nations in modern times
were tempered with humanity, and when they
prescribe rights over persons and property, those
rights are to be exercised with the utmost possible
degree of leniency. And in that point of view, he
held it not only right, but laudable, for the civil
authority to look to the conquests of our generals,
and to sec not only that they do nothing but what
Vattel and Grotius allows them to do, but that
they exercise the highest degree of discretion 111
applying the laws of nations regarding property
and persons. He (Mr. B.) had no objection to
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky.
He was willing to receive any resolution of inquiry
which he or any member might be pleased to sub-
mit, for the purpose of seeing what our generals
had done in the conquered countries. But spare
me, said he, from the exhibition the Senate of
the United States presented to their own country,
to Europe, and to the world, of deliberating about
the establishment of civil governments in teriitones
acquired by our armies—territones which may be
recovered back by an operation of arms, as they
were taken possession of by an operation of arms—
territories which never 111 our country can be con-
sidered as presenting a soil or field upon which
our laws and Constitution can operate, unless con-
stitutionally incorporated. The American republic
had no way of establishing a government over a
province until it is incorporated within the Union.
Spare me, he repeated, from the exhibition: and
because he was unwilling to have the Senate of
the United States so presented—for the resolution
would make them assume that position—he would
also desire that they might be spared from being-
presented to the world in the attitude of conquer-
ors legislating about a subjugated province, and
altering the law of nations by statute. _
Mr. WESTCOTT said, after his thrice repeated
declarations as to the objects of his resolution and
its obvious purport, he was somewhat surprised
at the remarks of the Senators from Missouri and
Ohio. He avowed at the outset that it was pro-
posed to create for the territories conquered by our
arms (not as if they were really a part and parcel
of the United States) merely a government adapted
to the existing circumstances. It was only to
regulate by law the exeicise of despotic military
authority by our naval and military commanders.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) I repeat, if we intend to yield
these territories up to Mexico as soon as she ac-
knowledges herself whipped, still Congress should
legislate on this subject as indicated in the resolu-
tion. The only military officer under this Govern-
ment that ever possessed powers like those pos-
sessed by ours in California and New Mexico, was
Gteneral Jackson, when first commissioned Gover-
nor of Florida by Mr. Monroe; and in yielding it
up, he said no man ought to be invested with such
power again in this country. This resolution is
not to effect the annexation—is not to annex Cali-
fornia or New Mexico to the United States after
the fashion of Texas, or in any wise, but only
that the government there, till we conquer a peace,
shall be one of civil law, and not military law alone.
The spectacle the honorable Senator from Missouri
so earnestly begs to be " spared from" is a spectre
conjured up by his own imagination wholly. It
is not so dreadful. It is merely the establishment
of a government of civil laios, as a substitute for
the law of the sword—in the place of arbitrary
military power. I do not propose to censure, or
to review the conduct of our officers there. I find
no fault with it. Nay, as they voluntarily put
away their power—disrobed themselves of des-
potic authority, which they could rightfully ex-
ercise, 1 would applaud them. It is said the laws
of nations and of war are all-efficient to govern
these territories. I will ask, how is a debt to be
collected under the laws of nations ? How are the
governors, judges, attorneys, marshals, &c., ap-
pointed under the laws of nations to be paid ? Who
is to fix the amount of their compensation or sala-
ries? and are they to be paid out of the military
chest? Is the commander appointing him to fix
his salary, and pay him out of tribute or imposts
exacted from the conquered people ad libitum ? I
say again, once for ail—because, if this discus-
sion is reported, I intend that my resolution shall
not be misunderstood by any neglect of mine to
correct erroneous references to it—that it is only in-
tended to elfect the organization of temporary pro-
visional governments in the conqueied provinces;
to regulate the exercise of military power there,
and the enacting of laws to control it while those
provinces are held by us.
Mr. W. said he had no sort of objection to the
suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky to lay
the resolution on the table till a more convenient
time, in order to modify it, so as to avoid objec-
; tion; and he would vote for such a motion.
Mr. SEMPLE said he might be wrong, but it
appeared to him that the resolution was not m or-
der. It certainly was not proper to refer to any
committee matter as being contained in the Presi-
dent's message which is not contained in it. if it
were intended to refer the part of the message con-
cerning what had been done by our officer, that
i had already been done. The Committee on Ter-
ritories could take cognizance of nothing except in
relation to teriitories which were the undisputed
property of this Government. The President had
not recommended any measure concerning the per-
manentgovernment of the Mexican territories; and
he thought, therefore, the Senate ought not to en-
tertain this motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN renewed his motion that
the resolution be laid upon the table.
And the question being taken thereupon, it was
decided in the affirmative upon a division—Yeas
23, nays 22.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. CAMERON moved to proceed to the elec-
tion of a Chaplain to the Senate, in accordance
with the joint resolution; which was agreed to.
The ballots having been cast and counted, it
appeared that 44 votes had been given, and that 23
were necessary to a choice. Of these Mr. Sheer
received 22, Dr. Dewey 9, Mr. Tustin 9, and Mr.
Gurley 4. No choice.
A second ballot was then had, with the follow-
ing result:
Whole number of votes given, 44 Necessary
| to a choice, 23. Of these Mr. Slicer received 24,
Dr. Dewey 9, Mr. Tustin 7, and Mr. Gurley 4.
The Rev. Henry Sltcf,r having received a ma-
jority of all the votes given, was declared to be
elected Chaplain to the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate went
into Executive session; and, after a short time
spent therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
