THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2r> Session..
declaration contained in the message of the Presi-
dent—that the war exists by the act of Mexico,
and that we have taken all honorable means to
prevent it—to be an untruth; and, believing so, I
will make that declaration here; and I will en-
deavor, in the short time allotted me, to state some
of the reasons which lead me to that conclusion.
As to the course, sir, which I shall pursue in
future in reference to the prosecution of this war,
I will say, in advance, that I shall judge for myself*
when the cases come up. I will endeavor to do
the best I can for the occasion; to do* my duty
faithfully under all the circumstances. But, sir, {
believe, that if any of our revolutionary patriots
were upon this floor, if they stood here represent-
ing- any portion of the people, Noith or South,
and my friend over the way, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, should come for-
ward in the name of the President, and ask for an
increase of the army or a new levy of volunteers
to prosecute such a war as this, those ardent patri-
ots would say to him, as the stem old Roman said
to the emissary of Coesar:
<•' Bid him disband hi^ legions;
Restore the commonwealth to liberty;
Submit his actions to the public centurc,
And btand the judgment of a Roman Senate:
Bid him do this, and Cato is hw friend.
Nay, more ; though Cato's voiee was never raised
To dear the guilty or to varnish cranes,
Myself will mount the ros-tium in his favor,
And strive to gain his pardon from the people."
Such I believe would be the language and feel-
ings of those who fought the battles of freedom, or
deliberated in the halls of Congress in the early
days of the republic. But enough of this.
The message, Mr. Chairman, declares that the
existing war with Mexico was neither desired nor
provoked by the United States; on the contrary,
all honorable means were resorted to to avert it!
This declaration I believe to be absolutely untrue;
and it will be the object of my remarks to sustain
this position. I believe the President, in making
that declaration, has made a statement which is not
supported, but is in reality contradicted, by the
facts of the case. How does the President attempt
to sustain this declaration? Why, sir, the first
charge he brings against Mexico is, that she has
committed spoliations upon our commerce, and has
refused to make reparation. Now, my first re-
mark in relation to this part of the message is, that
it is hardly magnanimous in the President of the
United States to go behind the treaty of 1839.
Suppose Mexico was guilty of faults previous to
that period, she confessed those faults in that treaty
and promised reparation. That should have in-
duced him to stop short at that period. By the
treaty of 1839'a joint commission was created to
examine and audit the claims of our citizens. !
That commission remained in session until the ex-
piration of the period to which it was limited by the
treaty; and they awarded to our citizens $2,026,139.
Mexico represented to us subsequently that,owing :
to the embarrassed state of her finances, she could ;
not conveniently make these payments at the time
specified, and, by another treaty into which the ;
two Governments entered in 1843, it was stipu- j
lated that Mexico should pay the interest on this '
sum up to April, 1843, and then pay the principal, [
with accruing interest, in five years—to be paid :
in quarterly instalments. Now, I do not justify !
Mexico in the course she has pursued subsequent-
ly to this treaty. I am willing to admit that her ;
conduct deserves rebuke and censure. At the same !
time I am compelled to acknowledge that there are ■
some circumstances m this case which go to miti- ■
gate the enormity of her proceedings. Such was '
the condition of the affairs of tliateounlry,aud such
the desire of her Go\eminent to meet the instal- <
ments provided for in that treaty, that Santa Ana
levied a forccd loan, apportioned among several of .
the provinces or departments of that Government, ,
for the express purpose of meeting this indemnity. 1
The first three instalments were paid promptly at '
the time. When the fourth fell due, Mexico was ;
embarrassed in her circumstances, and unable to '<
meet the demands of our citizens. This state of 1
things continued until another three months ex- 1
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1846.
New Series ...No. 4.
pired, when another instalment fell due. She was j vetoed by the President. It was returned with
unable at the time to meet this demand in money; j objections of the most extraordinary character, the
she, however, contends that she has paid the fourth j! principal of which were, that the amount due was
and fifth instalments, and shows the receipt of an i' too large, and had been due too long, and probably
agent appointed by our Government to that effect, jj Congress had not properly considered the subject.
That agent, however, contends that he received j! Here v/e see the President of the United States
certain orders or drafts on mercantile houses, having ji pursuing towards our own citizens the very course
a lien upon the Mexican treasury, and that these
drafts have been dishonored. But let us hear his
own words upon this subject. Mr. Yoss, our j
agent, says in a letter to Mr. Slidell: ]
" For the avowed purpose of liquidating the recognised j
American claims, General Santa Ana, the head of the Mexi-
can Government, in May, 1843, decieed the collection of a
forced loan, to be distributed in certain propoitious throng!] j
the depaitments of this lepublie, and paid .it periods cor- •
responding to tho-se stipulated m tlv con\entum to tint effect j
with the Government of the United States. This measure, j
essentially unpopulai,could only have emanated how a gov-
ernment as absolute as that of Santa Ana then was,"and :
even with the aid of his unlimited powers, wai verv itnper- i
fectly enforced, while the temptation to a misapplication of ,
the funds collected amidst the difficulties by which Santa
Anafwas surrounded is sufficiently obvious? From the*e
concurring circumstances, the Mexican Government was
absolutely unable to pav the instalment which became due
m Apiil, 1644; and in July of the same year, when another
instalment should have hean paid, the incapacity of the Gov-
ernment to fulfil it-* engagements had become still greater.
of conduct for which he arraigns Mexico; and,
according to his own doctrine, they have as just a
cause or war against him, as we have against
Mexico, on account of her indebtedness.
Another cause of war set forth by the President
is the refusal of Mexico to receive Mr. Slidell.
Mr. Chairman, I do not purpose to go into a de-
tailed examination of the correspondence upon
this subject.
I will simply say that Mexico apprized this
Government in advance that the annexation of
Texas would be regarded by her as an act of hos-
tility. When Texas was annexed, the Mexican
Minister resident in this country demanded his
passports and left the country; and thus diplo-
matic intercourse between this Government and
Mexico ceased. Our Government subsequently
sent a message to Mexico, to as-certain whether
The arrears due at that~period on the American claims |i she would open diplomatic relations, and receive
amounted to $274,664 67. j j a Minister from the United States. The Mexican
"About this time public attention was directed to the lj Minister informpd that although Me-sion hnrl
Texan question with renewed forte: and amidst the angry ex- J; fVAinibter imormea us Mat, although Mexico had
citement which it occasioned, the press found a jjujruhtr theme '! J^®^ ground Or complaint against the United States
for complaint in the paymemt of the American, claim*, and
freely advocated its discontinuance
Here we have the declaration of our agent on
the spot, that the failure of Mexico is, in some de-
gree at least, chargeable upon ourselves. We all
know that prior to April 30, 1844, the period at
which Mexico became delinquent* a treaty was
gotten up clandestinely by the President of the
United States for the annexation of Texas to this
country. It is tiuc that that treaty was rejected
by the Senate. But it was immediately made a ;
for her conduct in relation to Texas, she would re-
ceive a commissioner to treat on that subject. And
whenever Mexico spoke of receiving an agent
from this Government, she was careful to use the
term "commissioner," and when there is any ex-
planation whatever, anything to fix the meaning
of the term, it is commissioner to treat on the very
subject which had been the cause of the suspen-
sion of diplomat relations. A Minister was sent
to Mexico, but in what character did he appear?
In the character of a special commission? No;
question before the people, and the candidate of i| he went as an i( Envoy Extraordinary and Minis
— i n> :f ter Plenipotentiary," to reside near the Govern-
ment of Mexico. He was authorized not to treat
specially upon the subject which had interrupted
our diplomatic relations, but upon all subjects
in dispute between the two Governments; and
he demanded a reception in Mexico as a resi-
dent Minister in Mexico, clothed with full pow-
one of the parties—he who is now the President
of the United States—was nominated almost solely
because he was pledged to annexation. All this
was known in Mexico. She saw a direct attempt
making by our people to despoil her of what she
regarded as one of her own departments, a portion
I of her republic. This would naturally produce an
obstacle in the way of obtaining the means to meet j; ers. To his request, Mexico replied that th
these instalments. The Mexican Government ap-
pear to have acted in good faith, as will be seen
by their having recourse to a forced loan; audit
was not until our folly and madness, in relation to
Texas, excited her people, that the Government
failed to comply with its treaty stipulations. She
was in fault, and I fear that an impartial world
will not pronounce us faultless in this matter.
But, for the sake of the case, I will admit that
Mexico was altogether in the wrong. She failed
to meet her just debts. But I maintain that this,
under all the circumstances of the case, was no just
cause of war. My friend from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dixgs] alluded to the repudiating States of this
Union, and justly remarked that many of the gen-
tlemen on this floor who were so clamorous for
war against Mexico represented States which had
failed to pay their debts, and have given Great
Britain the same right to invade their territory and
bombard their cities that we had to attack Mexi
intercourse between the two Governments was
suspended on account of the annexation of Texas,
and if they were to receive a Minister resident in
the country, it would be confessing that annexa-
tion was no just cause for the recall 6f their Min-
ister; and that they could not do it consistently
with their honor, and with the usage of nations;
that they would receive a commissioner—and they
made this declaration to the last—a commissioner
to treat upon the subject which- had interrupted
our relations: and when that was disposed of, they
would receive a Minister resident. Now, it may
be said that this was special pleading—an after-
thought on the part of Mexico. Well, suppose it
was; was there not something of the same char-
acter on our part ? They declared to the last that
; if we would send a commissioner to treat ujx>n the
i subject which had interrupted our diplomatic rela-
' tions, they would receive him; and when that was
: disposed of, they would receive a Minister resi-
co, so far as the non-payment of debts is con- dent. We insisted that they must receive a Min-
cerned.
1 will allude to another instance of repudiation.
Mexico is not the only nation which has commit-
ted depredations upon our commerce. France,
towards the close of the last centurys had been
guilty of the same acts of violence. We demand-
ed leparation at her hand. She admitted the jus-
tice of our claim; but for a valuable consideration
wc released her, and became ourselves obligated to
our citizens, who had been despoiled of their prop-
erty by France. And what has been our treat-
ment "towards those citizens? We have turned a
deaf ear to their petitions for half a century. But
ister resident, or none at all. Now. here are the
facts in the case. I do not undertake to decide
which was in the light, and which in the wrong;
there seems to be a little special pleading on both
sides of the question.
Admitting, however, that Mexico was more in
the wrong than we, I contend there was no just
cause of war in this case. Any nation, if she
pleases, has a right to stand in an independent
position, and refuse to open diplomatic relations
with other Powers. It may be unwise in them to
do it; but I have yet to learn that it is a just cause
of war. There has been a little black republic in
during the last session of the present Congress a ;j our own neighborhood, with whom we have re-
bill was passed, granting partial relief to our in- ; fused to interchange these civilities. The subject
jured citizens. And what was the fate of that bill i lias frequently been brought up in this House, and
after it left this Capitol ? We all know that it was I voted down by Hie very men who feel so indig-
