50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
nant towards Mexico because she would not re-
ceive Mr. Slidell as resident Minister. China, I
believe, to this day, receives no minister resident
ttear her seat of government from any nation
whatever. This may be folly, but it is not such
a crime as will justify a war.
But the gravest charge brought forward by the
President, and one which deserves more consid-
eration than any other, is this: Mexico passed the
boundary of the United States, invaded our territory,
and shed American blGod upon American soil. If this
charge was sustained, I admit that it would fur-
nish a just cause of war. But this statement of
the President, bold and frank, plain and intelligi-
ble as it is, is unfortunately wanting in justice and
truth. The facts in the case do not in any degree
sustain the President, but they are totally irrecon-
cilable with his position, as I shall attempt to
show.
Mexico passed our boundary! Our army, by
the unjustifiable orders of the President, passed
the boundary of Mexico. Mexico commencc hos-
tilities ! ThePresidenthimsolf was the aggressor.
He ordered the army into Mexico*, he commenced
hostilities, not only without law, but in direct
violation of the frrst principles of our organic law—
exercising the war-making power, and thereby
trenching upon the prerogative of Congress; and
that, too, while they were in session, and could
have been consulted at any moment.
This is a just statement of the case. I will,
however, give the President the full benefit of all the
arguments he employs, and all the statements he
makes in support of his position.
In the first place, however, I wish to say that
Texas, whatever were her boundaries, held by the
right of revolution. As my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] observed, just as far as she sus-
tained her authority by the sword, and was able
to maintain her jurisdiction, there her boundaries
are to be sought. It matters not whether she was
originally bounded by the Nueces or the Rio
Grande; the question as to her original boundary
is entirely superseded. She rebelled against the
parent country; and just so far as she extended
her arms and maintained her authority, just so fat-
are her boundaries extended. She held her terri-
tory by the title by which she held herself—the
right of revolution; but, while her boundary was
formerly the Nueces, I admit she did extend her
authority over that river, so as to include Corpus
Christi and a few small settlements on the western
bank of that river. I moke this statement in ad-
vance, because the argument of the President,
which I shall have occasion to notice hereafter,
requires that this fact be kept distinctly in view.
x say, then, that the boundary of Texas, in this
part of her dominion, was confined within the im-
mediate valley of the Nueces. She made several
attempts to extend her authority beyond, but she
was unsuccessful; her forces did, in some instances,
penetrate into the country beyond that valley, but
they were utterly destroyed, captured, or put to ;
death, and m every expedition beyond that point I
Texas utterly failed.
But now for the President's arguments in sup-
port of his position. And what are they? Texas
(he says) was included originally m the Louisiana
grant. Well, suppose that true — what then?
Why, it has nothing to do with the question. If
Texas once belonged to the United States, it was
ceded to Spain, and hence we have no claim to it
on that account. Then, the President speaks of
the treaty with Santa Ana. I shall not, Mr. Chair-
man, dwell upon this subject. My first remark is,
that there was no treaty made with Santa Ana 
nothing that deserves the name of treaty. In the
second ptoce, he was a prisoner, and not compe-
tent to treat; and, third, if a treaty had been made
and ratified, that treaty had been violated by Texas
herself, fur one of the piincipal reasons why Santa
Ana was induced to enter into that treaty, arrange-
ment, or whatever it may be called, was, that he
should be liberated and sent under the piotectinn
of Texas to Vera Cruz. Fie did embark for that
city, but the populace demanded his detention,
and he was taken from the vest-el; he was brought
back into Texa3 and kept a prisoner in close con-
finement; and he himself makes this charge against
the Texan Government,and the President of Texas
admits it to be true, and regrets the occurrence. So
that, if a tieaty had been entered into, the viola-
tion of the treaty by Texas is a good reason why
it should be of no binding force. But there never
was a treaty: there was an arrangement, no doubt,
between General Houston and Santa Ana: there
was nothing that deserves the name of treaty—
nothing that was ever ratified by the Mexican
Government.
But the President says that the Texan Con-
gress, in 1836, when fixing their boundaries, de-
clared that the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source, was their western boundary. And he
spreads it before the country and before the world
as an argument to justify us in our claim to the
Rio Grande. Now, Mr. Chairman, if the Presi-
dent of the United States, a lawyer in his own
country, should be called upon by one of his own
clients, and asked whether he could prosecute a
claim successfully against a neighbor to a petition
of land, arid at the same time should inform him
that he had no other title to it than the declaration
of the individual from whom he had received his
quit-claim deed, do you suppose he could, hesitate
a single moment in telling him that he had no
cause whatever? I do not believe there is a petti-
fogger in the country who would hesitate to de-
clare that there was no foundation for the claim.
And still the President of the United States, the
head ofagreat nation, in a publicdoc.ument, spread
before the country and the world, as a justification
of an act of war, brings forward that considera-
tion as evidence that the country to the Rio Grande
was ours ! Who does not blush for the honor of
his country under circumstances like these 1
But the President says this was claimed by Tex-
as—that Texas declared the Rio Grande to be her
western boundary. Well, Mexico declared the
Sabine to be her eastern boundary. And what
does that prove? As much in one case as in the
other. The declaration of Mexico is as conclusive
as that of Texas; neither of them deserve one
moment's consideration; and the President himself,
by admitting that New Mexico was a department
of Mexico, and Santa Fe its capital, and that it
was conquered by our arms, virtually admits that
this argument is deserving of no consideration,
tie knows that boundaries can be established only
by treaty or by the sword, and that neither of these
can be alleged in favbr of the claim of Texas to the
Rio Grande.
But there is another argument of the President
which deserves consideration, and it is this: Texas,
says he, had extended her authority beyond the
Nueces; and, to sum up all his declarations, be-
cause they all fall under the same general principle,
they amount to this: Texas had extended her ju-
risdiction beyond the Nueces; she had a custom-
house at Corpus Christi, on the immediate western
bank of that river; the people living on that river,
in the immediate valley of the Nueces, had been
represented in the Texan Congress, and had as-
sented to annexation to the United States; the
United States, by act of her Congress, had estab-
lished a custom-house at Corpus Christi: all these
things were true just over the river, on the west
bank, m the immediate®valley of the river, and
therefore—therefore what ? Therefore we had a
title to the country some one hundred or hundred
and fifty miles further, to the Rio Grande, where
not one of these declarations will hold good ! Be-
yond the Nueces, and therefore to the Rio Grande !
Now, what kind of logic is this ?
Why, Mr. Chairman, suppose that a question
had arisen before the Virginia portion of this
District had been receded, involving the boundary
of the District, and it could be proved that the
District extended south of the Potomac; that
; Alexandria and Jackson city were subject to the
i laws of the District; and from tins it should be
: inferred that the District extended to the Missis-
j sippi, what would be thought of such an argu-
i ment? It would be treated with deserved ndicule.
I But this is the logic of the message. Beyond the
j Potomac, and therefore to the Mississippi; and
! just as sound as beyond the Nueces, and therefore
i to the Rio Giande. Beyond the Nueces, and there-
j fore to the Rio Grande !
| And who does not see the utter absurdity of
I such reasoning? And yet this is all that theie is
j in the President's boasted argument. He states I
; several facts, which he knows will apply to Cor- !
| pus Christi, and a narrow strip of land on the west i
! bank of the Nueces, and to this alone; and then,
| be cause they are beyond the Nueces, lie would have '
us believe that the same is true over the whole i
country to the RioGrande, which every one knows |
is riot the fact. And yet, by this artful and decep- I
tive statement, the Executive attempts to hide his
own misconduct, to coverup his gross act of usurp-
ation. I speak plainly on this subject, for the
occasion demands it, and the cry of traitor shall
not deter me.
I have now examined all the arguments adduced
by the Executive to prove our title to the whole
country to the Rio Grande; and, if they have any
force, I confess I have been unable to perceive it.
But while the Executive has failed to prove our
title to the Rio Grande, and therefore failed to jus-
tify his own conduct in ordering General Taylor
to that river, there is abundant evidence that the
valley of the Rio Grande never belonged to Texas,
and hence does not belong to the United States;
and this evidence must be known to the Executive.
Did he not know that Santa Fe was on the eastern
side of the Rio Grande, and that we had in a great
variety of ways acknowledged that that was a
Mexican city? Did he not know that our Gov-
ernment interceded with Mexico for Kendall and
other American citizens taken in the famous Santa
Fe expedition; and that in that correspondence we
admitted that New Mexico was justly a part of
the Mexican republic' Was he ignorant of the
fact that we had a consul residing at Santa Fe, and
that by an act of our Congress, passed March 3,
1845, in relation to drawbacks, we provided that
goods sent to Santa Fe, in Mexico, should be en-
titled to that drawback? Has he forgotten the
fact that Mr. Secretary Walker, in December last,
speaks of the operation of that act, and recognises
Santa Fe as a part of Mexico ? All these facts are
well known to him, and hence he tells us in this
very message that General Kearny had taken iNe w
Mcxico and Santa Fe, its capital, and established
a territorial government there. What, then, be-
comes of his argument, founded on the act of the
Texan Congress, that the Rio Grande, from its
mouth to its source, was their western boundary?
That argument is just as good on one part of the
river as on the other; just as strong in New Mexi-
co as in Tamaulipas; as conclusive at Santa Fe as
at Santiago. The President in one part of his
message admits its falsity in New Mexico, and
hence yields the whole argument.
All the documents connected with this whole
matter show that the boundaiy of Texas could not
have been the Rio Grande. The Tyler treaty seemed
to take it for granted that we should hold the whole
country; but Mr. Calhoun, more sagacious than
the President, was careful to inform the Mexican
Government that the boundary was open to treaty,
and would be settled on liberal grounds. Mr.
Benton, in discussing that treaty, showed, most
conclusively, that Texas never owned within a
hundred miles of the Rio Grande; and so forcible
was his argument, that when the joint resolution
was prepared, the language was guarded: " The
te; ritory properly included within and rightfully be-
longing to Texas." And it was fuithcr provided,
that, when created into a State, the General Gov-
ernment will claim the right of settling all questions
of boundary that may arise with other Governments;
and the President, in his war message of May last,
says that he gave Mr. Slidell full power to settle
the question of boundary, and could not consent to
have the question of boundary separated from that
of our claims upon Mexico.
Now, sir, all these provisions about boundary are
perfectly senseless, on the supposition that the Rio
Grande is the true boundary. If we justly own to
that river, the boundary is already settled, and re-
quires and allows no negotiation upon the subject.
Every document submitted by the President him-
self, shows the mcorrcctness of his oft-repeated
declaration that Mexico invaded the United States,
and^convicts him of a gross misrepresentation.
The correspondence between Mr. Donelson, our
charge to Texas, and our Government, submitted
by the President m his annua! message of Decem-
ber 2, 1845, contains conclusive evidence of the
futility of our claim to the Rio Grande, the utter
falsity of the President's declaration.
Mr. Donelson, writing to Mr. Buchanan from
Galveston, under date of June 2, 1845, says: " It
'is believed that Mexico^is conccntrating- troons
' on tiie Rio Grande, where Texas as yet has estab-
(lished nv posts.''
Under date of June 23, 1845, Mr. Donelson says
to^the Secretary: "The territory between the
'Nueces and the Rio Grande, you are aware, has
' been in possession of both parties. Texas has
' held in peace Corpus Christi. Mexico has held
