1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
' Santiago. Both parties have had occasional pos-
' session of Loredo and other higher points. Mexi-
' CO, however, has threatened a renewal of war for
' the whole of Texas, if she accepts the proposals
' for annexation to the Union. If she undertakes
' such an expedition, she of course puts upon the
' ' hazard of war the whole claim, and gives us the
' right of going not only to the Rio Grande, but where-
' ever else we may please."
Here, Mr. Chairman, we have the confession
of our own agent, sent to Texas to look after our
interests, and to learn the facts in the case, that
Texas had no posts on the Rio Grande; that Mexico
held Santiago, and that our right to go to the Rio
Grande would exist only in case of a successful icur
until Mexico, which would in fact give us the same
right to go anywhere else in Mexico. 1
The same confession is made in his note to the !
Secretary under date of July 2, ]845: " My posi- j
' tion is, that we can hold Corpus Christi and all j
' other points up the Nueces. If attacked, the right!
' of d'fence will authorize us to expel the Mexicans to 1
' the Rio Grande. It is better for us to resist the j
' attack than incur the risk of embarrassing the !
' question of annexation with the consequences of
' immediate possession of the territory to the Rio i
' Grande. You will find that I have guarded every 1
'point." |
In a letter to General Taylor, of June 28th, Mr. i
Donelson uses nearly the same language: " The
' occupation of the country between the Nueces
' and the Rio Grande, you aie aware, is a disputed
' question. Texas holds Corpus Chnsti; Mexico
' holds Santiago near the mouth of the Rio Grande.
' The threatened invasion of Texas, however, by
' Mexico is founded upon the assumption that!
' Texas has no territory independent of Mexico.
' You can safely hold possession of Corpus Cliristi
' and all other points up the Nueces, and if Mexico
' attempts to dislodge you, drive her beyond the
' Rio Grande."
Here we have the repeated confessions of an
agent on the spot, who "guarded every point," !
and attempted to make the most of his case, that1
Texas had no possessions west of Corpus Christi i
and the other points up the river Nueces; and that.'
we could rightfully approach the Rio Grande, !
where Mexico was in possession, only in case of i
repelling an attack and pursuing her defeated i
foices. |
The President, in his message, has referred to i
the offer of %Icxico to acknowledge the independ-
ence of Texas on certain conditions, and maintains
that that act of Mexico is binding upon her, though
It was not accepted or carried out by Texas. I
shall not at this time attempt to controvert this
doctrine, but will content myself by saying, that
if the treaty be valid for one purpose, it is for
another. If' it settles the question of Texan inde- |
pendence, it establishes the fact that Texas had no i
settled western boundary like that of the Rio !
Grande. The preliminary treaty, if such it can be 1
called, provides in its 3d and 4th articles as follows:
"3. Limits a-id other conditions to be matter of arrange- !
meat in the final if eaty. ;
k<4. Texa^ wili be willing to i emit dtsjiuled p nuts respecting \
territory and other matters to the aibitiatiou of umpire,." \
This preliminary treaty, signed by the Texan i
Secretary of State, and approved by their Presi- '
dent, does not presume that the western boundary '
of Teicis ib the Rio Grande. On the contrary, it •
admits that the boundaiy is in dispute, and is a fair '
subject for reference to an arbiter.
But let us see the comment of Mr. Donelson on
the subject. Texas wished to have the United .
■Slates take military possession up to the Rio j
Grande; but Mr. Donelson, m his note to Mr. !
Buchanan, July 11, 1845, says:
(( The proelam ition of a truce between the two nation-,
QL \ico and Tesas,) found d on propwsition< mut'iuHy
H<.,'V|>Mbj<j U> liioi'i. Is-:'v.mr {lie one-Moil of h-aia^a.* not
only an open o,)o, hut Mceico in of the etiit haul: ;
of //it: RiO (r.-rni'/e, -< eni'-d to me iiieon.-i,-t(MT with rhr ex- ,
ps'ctatiou tii.it, m delem fc of the claim ol Texas, oui noo^ 1
tdmuid !tuir< ii imn«c<u.it-,ly to tint u\fer. What ihf Eu;eu- 1
live of Texas h,id d'-tei nvned not fo fii>ht toi, but l.> s-.-td'1 i
by negotiation, to sa\ l!.e lea-t oi it. could be as well left to !
tlie United States on tiie same conditions."
But the proof of the falsity of the President's ■
position does not stop here. Not only the docu-
ments submitted with his annual message, but the
documents submitted witli his message jn May
last, contain a perfect refutation of his declaration. '
The following general order shows so conclusively
that Mexico was in possession in the valley of the ;
ltio Grande, that 1 will give it notice:
" w/n Department, July 8, 1845.
"Sir; The department mtonned lh>>t /«.s some
military establishments on the east vie of the Rio Grame,
which ere, and for some time have heed, in the actual occu-
yncy of her trooj)s. I;i carrying out tiie instructions hcre-
tofojeieceivrd, \ou will be careful to avoid anv acts of ag-
ression, unle>s-an actual state of war hhoiil/fexi.-t. The
Mexican forces at the posts m their possesion, and which
have been so, will not bo di-turbjd as Jon# as the relations
of peace between the United State? and Mexico continue.
" WILLIAM L. MAXCY.
" Brigadier General Z. Taylor."
General Taylor, in his official despatch to the
Department of War, under date of February 2b,
1846,  '
"I have taken occasion to repre-~ont to some citizens oi
Matamoros that the United States Government, in occupy -
ing the fiio Grande, lias no motive oi hostiiiu towards
Mexico, and tiiat tiie army \w;i, in no case, go beyond that
nvci, urilesd hng-tdjtics should be comm.'need b> ihe Mexi-
cans ihemseves; that the Mexicans In ing on t/iis sale v.ili
not bo disturbed in any uny hy the trjopt*; that Uiey will be
piotected in all their lurht, and usages; and that everything
winch the army may need will be pun hastil from them at
( Jairp;ice^ 1 also stated that, until the matter should be
j fmally adjusted between the two Gov imuQnt*,thc h<i->bor oj
j Brazos Suntwiro u.oul-1 be oven to the Jrce use of the Mcxi- \
J dtiiSy <is lierettjjoie. The • cm-- vie u ere impressed upo'.i ILe
i Mexican cu&toii<. home jjpeer at B< a:os SauUugc^ bv Captain !
; Hardee, who commanded th? escort whkii coveieti the '
] reconnoif-sam e of X>udu, Island."' ;
GeneralTaylor, in his subsequent letters, informs -
| the Executive that, on ins way ftom Corpus Christi j
; to the Rio Grande, he was met by the Mexican cava!- |
; ry, whosecommanderinformed our officers that our \
| dossing the Arroyo Colorado would be cons.dered |
! as an act of hostilities: that he was also met by a '
| civil deputation, protesting against his occupying i
| the country; that, in approaching Point Isabel, he
! found the place in flames; that the port captain
\ committed the act; that they "found two or three
c inoffensive Mexicans there, the rest having left for
* Matamoros.'*
These despatches from General Taylor leave no
doubt as to the possession of the country in the
valley of the Rio Grande. The Executive says
that Mexico has military posts there, and General
Taylor says that he found Mexican soldiers in the
country; that there was a Mexican custom-house
at Brasos Santiago; that the Mcxicar.s had free
use of the port and harbor; that the port captain
at Point Isabel had tired the town; that the Mexi-
cans who were living on the east side of the Kio
Grande should notrbe disturbed; and, finally, that
they might understand his policy, he issued his
proclamation to that effect, and, as they were
Mexicans, he issued his proclamation in their lan-
gaage.
All these facts show, beyond a doubt, as it
seems to me, that our claim to die whole country
to the Rio Grande is based on no solid foundation.
All these facts were of couise known to the
Executive, for they are found in documents sub-
mitted by himself to Congress. And yet the ||
President, trampling upon the rights of a coordi- ji
nate branch of the Government, and so violating j|
the Constitution he had sworn to supports orders jj
the army into the country of a nation with whom jj
we aie at peace; and the commanding general, act- jj
ing under his orders, erccts a fort and mounts his jj
cannon within the reach of a Mexican city; block- ;j
ades the Rio Grande, so as to cut oil' the supplies Si
from the Mexican army at Matamoros; sends out 'j
a force under Captain Thornton, which is believetl j
to have commenced the attack; and then, to turn .
public attention from his own acts of usurpation, ;
the President conies before Congress m a message, j
appealing to the sympathies of the public, and de- •
clares that Mexico has invaded the United States
and shed Amcncan blood upon American soil! j
Now, Mr. Chaiiman, is ltnothumiliating—does -
not every American blus-di for the honor of his ■
country when he sees the Executive put forth a
document like the message before us, not only un- '
sustained bv fa-ns, but m direct opposition to tacts,
as a ation of fLr war m which we are now •
engaged? ''Tiie Mexicans invaded the United
States !" Let the President, or let the President's .
filends, have it under the most favorable ciroum- '
stances the foe is will admit. Allow, it you please,
that the boundary was m dispute, and how stands
the case .J Why, the boundary is in dispute, but
Mexico is in possession; and while taeie is a con-
troversy, a dispute, possession funnshes a goud
title; possession m law is always a good title against
a trespasser.
Now, with all these facts staring him in the thee, ,
what induced the President to take this courser
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] has i
pointed out, unquestionably, the principal motive
of action m this case. The President wished to
distinguish his -administration, and he wished to
distinguish it by a further accession of territory;
he wished to acquire a large portion of territory in
that section of the Union in order to give the South
a perpetual preponderance in the councils of the
nation. That was unquestionably the motive
which led him to take that step; and the danger of
that policy has also been alluded to by my friend
this morning, and the danger is imminent. The
vote taken in this House at the close of the last
session is a fair exponent of the feelings of the
country. And I will tell gentlemen, North and
South, that if these Mexican provinces are to be
annexed to the United States, a question will grow
out of that annexation momentous m its character,
and one which may lead to a calamity greater than
the war with Mexico, or any other which has be-
fallen the country. There is a deep feeling in the
country against the extension of slavery. There
I are thousands upon thousands in the northern sec-
tion of this Union (and I allude to no fanatics, but
to sober, deliberate, nnd substantial men, men who
have the good of the country at heart) who would
resist, by every means in their power, the estab-'
lishment of slavery in these Mexican provinces,
if they should be annexed to the United States.
This feeling is both strong and deep, and the prose-
cution of this war of conquest is contributing daily
to the increase of that feeling. Let this war go on,
let victoiy crown our arms till Mexico will yield
up.a large portion of her territory, and I fear that
our success would be more dangerous to us than
defeat: we should have questions of internal regu-
lation which would he more difficult to settle than
the boundary between us and Mexico.
The action of this House on the two million
appropriation should teach gentlemen a lesson.
When that sum was asked for, the friends of the
President, south of Mason and Dixon's line, came
forward in a transport at the glorious piospect of
, peace; and they called upon us to forget all party
ties and go with them in a body, that the Presi-
, dent might be enabled to conclude an honorable
1 treaty. But when a certain proviso was incor-
: porated into the bill, every man of them took the
1 alarm and opposed its passage. They knew at
| the time that, if the Executive wanted this money
j to bribe Paredes, or to hire Santa Ana to return
: to Mexico, or to fan the flames of discord or sow
j the seeds of revolution in that country, or if it was
wanted for the purchase of territory, it would be
just as available with that proviso as without.
That amendment applied to but a single subject—
the extension of involuntary servitude, and the
united vote of the President's friends in the South
shows with what importance they regarded that
provision. And let me say, Mr. Chairman, that
the South are not alone m their estimate of this
question. When it comes before the people, the
North will be as united as the South. It will be-
come a question on which there can be no com-
promise, and the integrity of the Union may be
involved in the issue.
The northern and southern wings of the Dem-
ocratic party ought to deal fairly with each other
on this subjeet. If the southern wing are deter-
mined to establish slavery m any terruory they
may acquire by the war, let them inform their
northern friends of that determination, that there
may he no misunderstanding between them. They
owe it to each other and to their respective con-
stituencies to come out plainly upon this subject.
But neither wing of the party dares to commit
itself openly; they both know that whenever they
come out distinctly, and, like men, dec'are their
determination, they must break with cach other or
with their own iesi"rcti\e \ oiistitncnejes. Let
northern men *>ay that they will vote for the estab-
lishment of slavery in any of the territories in
question, and they will have an account to settle
at home which will require all their attention and
resources.
Now, Sir. Chairman, as this whole subject of
acquisition of territory is fraught with so much
danger, is it not the dictate of duty and of patriot-
ism to consider it well, and to do it in advance?
One false step at the outset may lead to the most
fatal consequences. The very agitation of this
question has wrought a mighty change in public
opinion within the last six months; and if we go
on conquering and to conquer, our friends who
are anticipating such favorable rtsylts from the ac-
