m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
quisition of southern territory, may find, when it
is too late, that their joy may be turned into mourn-
ing, and their mirth into heaviness. They may
find agitations at home more to be dreaded than
the armies of Santa Ana, and commotions in the
midst of them more sanguinary than the revolu-
tions in Mexico. They may find that " conquer-
ing a peace" abroad may disturb harmony at home,
and that dismembering one republic may rupture
another. If we are to rush madly into foreign con-
quests, we may bring upon our own country evils
which no patriot can contemplate but. with tears.
That the present war is one of conquest, there
can be no question. The letter which has been
read this morning, addressed to Colonel Stevenson
by the Secretary of War, puts that question be-
yond all manner of doubt. That letter is well
understood by the public; and, gloss it over as
you will, it amounts substantially to this: Mexico
must be dismembered, either by war or by revolu-
tion. A regiment of armed emigrants must be sent
to California; they must be enlisted with an ex-
press condition that they are not to return home;
they will be sent into California to remain during
the war. If that province falls into our hands du-
ring the war, or is ours on the return of peace, they
are to remain in that country; if not, they will, at
the conclusion of the war, be marched just across
the line into Oregon, and discharged, with the
express understanding that they will immediately
return to California, raise the standard of revolt,
declare themselves independent, and, Texas-like,
be annexed to the United States. Such, beyond
controversy, was the design of that enterprise;
and it shows how low a weak or wicked Admin-
istration may stoop. If we were dealing with the
Power before whom the President was disposed to
quail in the settlement of the Oregon question, the
Administration, even after the return of peace,
might be called upon for an explanation, if such a
letter as that of Secretary Marcy should come to
their knowledge, and have reference to any of their
possessions. The newly-organized governments
m New Mexico and California, under the direction
of the Executive, no doubt, shows the object for
which the war is prosecuted.
But the President assures us that he does not
wish to dismember Mexico, and is ready to make
peace. But on what terms? Mexico, we are told,
must pay the expenses of the war. Now, eveiy
one knows the poverty of that distracted country.
Her finances are so deranged that she is scarcely
able to suppoit her army in the field: so poor that
the main hope of the return of peace is founded
upon her inability to support the war. Does the
President believe that Mexico can pay us fifty
millions of money, to reimburse us for the expenses
of the war? Docs he not know her utter inability
to meet such a demand in specie? Did he not in-
form us, in his two million message, that Mexico
was so poor that she could not conveniently wait
till the treaty was ratified, and, therefore, he de-
sired the two millions so as to be able to pay her
in advance, to keep her army quiet until we could
recall our troops? Mexico pay the expense of
the war! This amounts to a declaration that she
must yield up her teiritory—the only means of
payment at her disposal. And so intent is the
President upon despoiling Mexico of possessions,
that he has declared to the world that he will pros-
ecute the war with vigor; that he will consent to
no armistice, but will continue the work of butch-
ery and conquest even after a treaty of peace shall
have been signed by both nations ! This avowal
was distinctly made in his two million message—
an avowal worthy only of the ages of barbarism.
If this Administration is not cheeked in its mad
career; if the President is allowed to exercise any
and every power which may further his ambitious
designs, the day is not far distant when our free
Government will exist only in name. Shall he be
permitted to go on without rebuke, or shall the
people's Representatives assert their right? It is
true that all who speak freely will be branded as
traitors; but the people will decide whether devo-
tion to our country may cot be as effectually ex-
hibited in defending our Constitution as in tram-
pling it under foot.
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. S. JONES obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise, which pre-
vailed. The committee rose and repotted pro-
gress.
Mr. GROVER gave notice that he would to-
morrow move that the House proceed to elect a
Chaplain, pursuant to the joint resolution heretor
fore adopted.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 17, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of the heirs of Abner L. Duncan, asking
indemnity for losses caused by the seizure of the
Iris by the United States brig Lawrence; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memoiial from the rep-
resentatives of the yearly meeting of the Society
of Friends in New England, for the adoption of
measures to bring the present war with Mexico
to a speedy close; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing, with a view to its being
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Philip Rutter and others; and also the
petition of the executor of Alexander McKim, de-
ceased, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which were severally referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of David
Melville, administrator of Benjamin Fry, deceased,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr.. CILLEY presented the petition of mer-
chants of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, urging
indemnity for spoliations by the French on Ameri-
can commerce prior to 1800; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Wil-
mot Wood and others, citizens of Wiscasset,
Maine, praying indemnity for Fiench spoliations
prior to 1800; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD thought that all these pe-
titions ought to be referred to a select committee,
but as those which had been previously presented
had been referred to the Committee on Claims, he
would give this petition the same reference for
the present.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
memorial of Ann B. Cox, widow and executrix
of Nathaniel Cox, deceased, praying the payment
of a balance ascertained to be due to her on the
settlement of the accounts of her husband as navy
agent at Now Orleans; which was referred to the
Committee on Oiaims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was ordered that the petition of De la Francia,
on the files of the Senate, be refeired to the Coni-
i nuttee on Claims.
Ordered that the memorial of the heirs and legal
representatives of Louis de la lioussaye, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Ordered that the petition of Caleb Greene, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Ordered that the petition of Clara H. Pike, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Ordered that the petition of William B. Keene,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that it appeared from
the Journal that the memorials relating to the
claims for spoliations prior to 1800, are, m some
instances referred to the Committee on Claims, in
others to the Committee on Foreign Relations. He
thought they should all be referred to one Com-
mittee.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, for the purpose of refer-
ring these claims to a select committee, moved a
reconsideration of the votes by which the petitions
piesented on the subject had been lefened to the
Committee on Claims and the Committee on For-
j eign Relations.
j The motion was agreed to.
j On motion of Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims and the
Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged
from the further consideration of the several memo-
rials and petitions on the subject_of indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800, and that they be
referred to a select committee consisting of five
members, to be appointed by the Vice President.
Messrs. Morehead, Cass, Baiicer, Atherton,
and Ashley were accordingly appointed.
' Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the petition of
John Livingston, one of the heirs of John Living-
ston, deceased, praying indemnity for French spo-
liations prior to 1800; which was refened to the
select committee on the subject.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, so much of the
President's message as relates to the trial and pun-
ishment of persons found engaged in privateering
against the United States was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TURKEY asked to be excused from serving
on the Committee on Roads and Canals, being
already upon several other committees.
The request was granted; and,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Yice President was authorized to fill the va-
cancy.
Mr. Semple was appointed accordingly.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message
from the House of Representatives, announcing
the appointment, on their part, of a joint Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
It was then ordered that the Chair appoint a
committee on the part of "the Senate.
Whereupon the Chair appointed Messrs. Bright
and Chalmers a committee on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) in-
troduced a bill to provide for the completion of the
marine hospital and the erection of a custom-
house at New Orleans; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPEIGHT (on leave) introduced a bill to
provide for the establishment of a branch of the
mintof the United States at the city of Charleston;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. ASHLEY (on leave) introduced a bill to
increase the compensation of deputy surveyors in
the State of Arkansas; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ASHLEY (on leave) introduced a bill to
divide the district of Arkansas into two judicial
districts; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX (on leave) introduced a^bill to estab-
lish a branch of the mint of the United States in
the city of New York; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YULEE (on leave) introduced a bill to
provide for the construction of a dry dock at Pen-
sacola, for the use of the navy of the United States;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BREESE (on leave) introduced a bill to
grant to the State of Illinois the right of way
through the public lands of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE (on leave) introduced a bill, de-
claring the assent of Congress to certain States to
impose a tax upon all lands hereafter sold by the
United States, from and after the time of their sale;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
j tee on Public Lands.
| Mr. BREESE (on leave) introduced a bill to
| authorize persons to whom reservations of land
have been made under Indian reservations to alien-
ate the same in fee; which was read twice, and
' referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
| Mr. SEMPLE (on leave) introduced a bill to
establish an armory at Massac, on the Ohio river,
in the State of Illinois; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Military Afl'air^.
Mr. CASS (on leave) introduced a bill for the
settlementof the claim of John R. Williams; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to turnish the Senate with a statement of all ap-
propriations made for the construction and repair
of roads, fortifications, and harbors, and for the
improvement of rivers in each and all of the States
and Territories of the United States, showing the
amount and period of each appropriation and ex-
penditure.
