1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58
Mr. YfJLKE submitted thefoilowing resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That th« Secretary of the Senate cause
to be engraved the topographical ma|) of the penin-
sula of Florida, prepared under the direction of the
War Department, and furnished to the Senate in
compliance with a resolution.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making, by law, a general provision as to the
right of way over the public lands of all such
roads as have been or may be established, and au-
thorized to be opened through such lands by au-
thority of any of the State Legislatures.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire and report what provision is necessary to
repair the injuries occasioned by the late gale to
the marine hospital at Key West, and to the light-
houses on the Florida coast.
The following1 resolution,submitted yesterday by
Mr. Breese, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriations for such harbors in the United
States as the safety of navigation and the interests
of commerce icquire.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Atchison, was considered and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
required to procure for the use of the Senate ten
thousand copies of the topographical map of the
load from Missouri to Oregon, compiled by Charles
Preuss; the cost not to exceed twenty-six hundred
dollars.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ until Monday next.
On motion by Mr. CAMERON, the Senate then ;
went into executive session; and, after a short time
spent therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOU^ OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 17, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. EDSALL inquired whether his name was
recorded as voting on the motion of Mr. Pollock
to suspend the rules to enable him to offer a cer-
tain resolution. He (Mr. E.) perceived that his
name was omitted in the published list of yeas and
nays in both papers.
The Clerk (through the Speaker) replied-that
the gentleman's name did not appear on the
records.
Mr. EDSALL remarked that he had voted in
the negative; and he desired that the fact might so
appear on the Journal.
The SPEAKER ordered the Journal to be so
amended; and then it was approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the continuation of the call of the States
for petitions.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to this House the amount of all the expendi-
tures in each State and Territory of this Union for
the construction and repair of roads, fortifications,
and harbors, and the improvement of rivers, with
the date and amount of each expenditure in each
State and Territory.
The resolution being objected to, was not re-
ceived.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice that he would,
at an early day, ask leave to introduce bills of the
following titles, viz:
A bill to provide for the sale of the mineral lands
south of Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan
and Territory of Wisconsin.
A bill making appropriations for certain harbors
and rivers.
A bill for the settlement of the claim of John K.
Williams.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON asked leave to offer a re-
solution relative to certain post routes. Objected to.
Mr. VINTOJN" moved to suspend the rules for
the introduction of resolutions that would not give
rise to debate.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, (two-thirds not voting therefor.)
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. COBB moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; but waived the motion,at the request of
Mr. DOUGLASS, who, on leave given, reported
from the Committee on Territories a bill for the
admission of the Stale of Iowa into the Union;
which bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOUGLASS said it was important that the
House should take early action on this bill; but as
it was desirable that the very brief documents ac-
companying it should be printed, he would make
that motion, and would further move, that the sub-
ject be made the special order of the day for Mon-
day next.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. COBB then renewed his motion, that the !
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; which motion was
rejected. !
Mr. PETTIT asked leave to submit a resolu- i
tion providing for the appointment of a committee I
to inquire into the religious creeds of persons who ■
shall be nominated for the office of Chaplain to the
House.
The resolution was read for information; but,
having been objected to, was not received.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIJV.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
House proceeded to the election of a chaplain, by
a viva voce vote.
Mr. Hungerforo nominated Rev. Mr. Sprole.
Mr. Hamlin Rev. Mr. Dewey.
Mr. Starkweather.  Rev. Mr. Taylor.
Mr> W. W. Campbell Rev. Mr. Gurley.
Mr. Tredway Rev. Mr. Tmsley.
Mr. J. J. McDowell Rev. Mr. Morris.
Mr. Dobbin  ..Rev. Mr. Mclvor.
Mr.    Rev. Mr. Stoirs.
Mr. PETTIT, at Ins request, was excused from |
voting for a Chaplain.
Mr. Hungerford, Mr. W. W. Campbell, and
Mr. Hamlin were appointed tellers. On counting j
the votes, it appeared that Rev. Mr. Sprole re-
ceived 50 votes; Rev. Mr. Dewey 46; Rev. Mr
Taylor 26; Rev. Mr. Gurley 17; Rev. Mr. Tins-
ley 30; Rev. Mr. Morns 2; Rev. Mr. Mclvor 6;
Rev. Mr. Storrs 2. Whole number given 179;
necessary to a choice 90. No person having re-
ceived a majority of the whole number of votes
given, there was no election.
Mr. DOBBIN withdrew the name of the Rev.
Mr. McIvor.
Mr. JOS. J. McDOWELL withdrew the name
of the Rev. Mr. Morris.
And the House then proceeded to vote a second
time for chaplain, the result of -wluch was as fol-
lows:
For the Rev. Mr. Sprole, there were 74 votes;
Rev. Mr. Dewey, 53; Rev. Mr. Tinsley, 23; Rev.
Mr. Taylor, 14; Rev. Mr. Gurley, 14; and Rev.
Mr. Storrs, 1. Whole number given, 179; neces-
sary to a choice, 90. No person having received '
a majority of the votes given, there was no elec- ;
tion. i|
Mr. STARKWEATHER now withdrew the h
name of the Rev. Mr. Taylor; and I
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL withdrew the name j
of the Rev. Mr. Gurley. j
The House then proceeded a third time to vote !
for Chaplain; when Rev. Mr. Sprole received 103
votes; Rev. Mr. Dewey 48; Rev. Mr. Tinsley |
18; Rev. Mr. Storrs 3; Rev. Mr. Mclvor 1; Rev. |
Mr. Gurley 1. Whole number of votes given, ;
174; necessary to a choice, 88. The Rev. Mr. ;
Sprole, having received a majority of the whole i
number of votes given, was declared by the Speak- ;
er duly elected Chaplain on the part of the House i
for the present session. i
Mr. PETTIT moved that when the Rev. Mr. i
Sprole appeared in the Hall as Chaplain, the
Speaker administer to him the oath to support the ;
Constitution of the United States, as required of ,
all other officers of this Government. '
The question being put, it was negatived.
A motion was made that the House adjourn,
which was rejected.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; which motion was also
rejected,
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, (fee., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. SPEAKER: The petition of Richard A. Clements,
administrator of J. N, Mullican, with additional evidence.
Bv Mr. NORRIS: The petition of William P. Gookinand
2,645 other*, citizens of Now Hampshire and Maine, asking
for the construction of a dry dock at the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire. Also, the petition of William B.
Sweatt and forty-five citizens ol York county, Maine, for
the same object.
By Mr. McILVAINB: The petition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, piaying Congress to adopt measures tor changing
the Constitution and Jaws of the United States so as to
abolish siavery-throughout the Union.
By Mr. JOHN H. EWiNG: The petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking such measures to he adopted as may
be necessary to effect such a change in the Constitution of
the United States as will cause the abolition of slavery.
By Mr. J. B. HUNT: The memorial of James Bancker,
d revolutionary pensioner, fur arrears of pension.
By Mr. HIJ_,LIA11D The petition of John W. Pore, of
Franklin, Alabama, asking relief for losses stained by the
removal of the Indians by the Government of the United
States.
By Mr. NOTCRI3: The memorial of John McClintock and
twenty otheis, merchants of Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
piavmg indemnity lor French spoliations prior lo 1BO0. Also,
the petition of Jo*eph Cogswell, of Tamwpith, New Hamp-
shire, pravmg foi a pension.
By Mr RELFE: The memorial of Thomas Alien, piaying
payment lor printing the compendium of the sixth census of
the United States for the use of Congress, under the act of
September 1, 1841.
By Mr. DELANO: The memorial of Catharine William-
son, widow of the late Captain John Williamson, of Phila-
delphia, praying indemnity for injuries committed by France
prior to J 600.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: Petition of William Hilton, of the
State of Maine, for arrearages and increase of pension.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of citizens of Westmore-
land county, Pennsylvania, for a po;>t route fiom Lngonia to
Donegal. Also, the petition of the heirs of Colonel A.
Laughrev, for military bounty land.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, the petition and accompa-
nying papers of Sninuel Reed, wore taken fiom the files and
refetrcd to the Committee on Pn\ ate ImiuI Claims.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the petiuoii and accompanying
papers of Martha Hough, for arreais of pension, werewith-
! drawn from the files of the House.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 18, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Messrs. Wilmot, of Pennsylvania, Constable,
of Maryland, Harman&on, of Louisiana, and
Kaufman, ofTexas, (Democrats,) appeared in their
seats to-day.
The SPEAKER announced the business as the
first in order to be the consideration of bills upon
the private calendar.
Mr. McDANIEL, by consent, introduced bills
of the following; titles, viz:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to direct
a competent officer of the engineer corps to make
certain reconnoissances therein named.
A bill to establish a post route from the town of
St. Joseph's, in Buchanan county, Missouri, via
Hannibal, to Springfield, in Illinois.
Which bills were severally read twice, and re-
ferred to their appropriate committees.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, tn which was referred the bill to increase
the pay of the non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians and privates, of the army of the United
States, and the militia and volunteers in the service
of the same, and allowing them bounty land in
certain cases, reported the same with amendments.
The bill was committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
And Mr.B. moved that the Housego into com-
mittee for the purpose of taking up the bill.
Whicli motion was rejected.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN gave notice that he would,
at an early day, ask leave to introduce bills of the
following titles, viz:
A bill to create an additional land district in the
Territory of Wisconsin, and for other purposes.
A bill establishing the Territorial Government of
Minnesota.
A bill to amend the act entitled "An act to grant
1 a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin
1 for the purpose of aidmsj in opening a canal to
' connect the waters of Lake Michigan with those
' of Rock river."
