54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
Mr. MARTIN also asked leave to submit ,the
following, resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion to improve the harbor at the mouth of She-
boygan river in the Territory of Wisconsin; and
that said committee also inquire into the expedi-
ency of erecting light-houses at Southport and
Port Washington, in said Territory.
Objected to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House then passed to the consideration of
the private calendar.
The joint resolution authorizing and directing
the examination and settlement of the claims of
Alexander M. Cumming, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole in July last, with amend-
ments.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
joint resolution ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Tarlton
Woodson, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Alvin C. Goell; and
The bill authorizing the issue of patents to George
Ramey and Thomas"T. January, for certain lands
entered m the county of St. Louis, State of Mis-
souri;
Were severally taken up by the House, and
ordered to be postponed until to-morrow.
Bills and joint resolutions of the following titles,
reported from the Committee of the Whole in July
last, viz:
A bill to increase the pension of Roswell Hale;
A bill for the relief of Joshua Shaw;
A bill for the relief of Frederick Hopkins;
A bill for the relief of Josinh Haskell; '
A bill for the relief of Job Hawkins; !
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Whit- :
sill, deceased, late of Lafayette county, Missouri; !
A resolution for the relief of William B. Stokes, i
surviving partner of John N. C. Stockton & Co.; !
A bill for the relief of William J. Pricc; j
A bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindsay Ward, I
of Wisconsin Territory; j
A bill for the relief of Sergeant Major John j
Champo; !
A bill for the relief of Zachariah Simmons, of i
Tennessee*
A bill for the relief of Dr. Clark LUIybrid^e, i
A bill for the relief of W. P. S. Sanger and 1
George F. De la Roche; j
A bill for the relief of the heirs of General
Thomas Sumter, late of South Carolina, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal leprcsentutivcs I
of Thomas Shields, deceased; and 1
A bill for the relief of John Speakman, |
Were severally ordered to be engrossed and 1
read a third time; and, being engrossed, were read
a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance was '
taken up, the amendment of the Committee of the '
Whole concuired in, and the bill ordered to be 1
engrossed and read a third time. !
The said bill being engrossed, was accordingly !
read a third time, and passed. " " .
Mr, ASHMFJN asked the House to take up tile '
bill for the relief of Joseph Warren Newcomb, j
which, at his request, had been informally laid i
aside, owing to the absence of the member [Hon. !
Daniei. P. King] who had reported it, as he (Mr. |
A.) believed there would be 110 opposition to the '
bill. '
The bill was a^ain taken up, and debated by :
Mr. i)AXf l:;L and Mr. GORDON m opposition,
and by Mr. HAMLIN.in its favor. !
The question was then taken on the engross- !
rnent of the bill by yeas and nays, and there were: '
Yeas 95, nays 76. ]
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and it was accordingly engrossed ;
and read a third time, and passed. '
The bill directing the mode of settling the claims ;
of Charles G. Ridgely, reported by the Committee
of the Whole on the 24th July last, was taken up. j
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill belaid on the j
table; which motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
A bill for the relief of Julius Eldred, Elisha El-
dreds and Francis E. Eldred, for expenses and
services in removing; the eopper rock from Lake
Superior, was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
And the bill being engrossed, was accordingly
read a third time and passed.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill m relation to the Wyandot lands in the
State of Ohio.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the second
section, which is ag follows:
"Sec. a. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of the General Land Cilice, as
soon as piaetieuble alter the year 1849, to offer the public
lands remaining unsold m the Wyandot cession, at public
^alfi in the mo.ie preseubed by biw ; .iflcr which; the ie&iiiue
shall be sola m the same way and for the yime price as
other public land-;, and : ha!l m ail respects be governed by
the general land Jaws which may be then in lorce."
This bill was then debated by Messrs. ST.
JOHN, COLLAMER, SCHENCK, THUR-
MAJNT, CUMMINS, VINTON, and ROOT.
And, pending the amendment,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. I-LMVILIN: The petition of John Miilikin, for in-
(lomnilieatHm ioi spoil .tiori^ committed bytliC-Ftendi upon
Aineiican eonmifiice |mor to JtfOO.
13v Mr. ATKINSON; The pcl.tion of Susan Collate, of
No; folk, Vii0m.ru i«>r renewal ul a })en-ion. Relertvd to the ;
Committee on N?iyal Athurs j
By Mr. UOLMKS : Ti.e petition of lihzaSkinner, widow |
of Commodore rfiunnei, jnuj.u^ali e.\tcn-iim to her of the 1
navy pension law. Abo, the memorial of the Chamber of i
Commerce, lot the election of a cubtom-lmi^e and waie- !
houses in the cm of Ciuulcston.
By Mr. GEtiNNEJ^L : Toe petition of Thomas IVIacy and
other?., of N.mfucker,ah!\jn« renmneiationJur French spoli-
ation prior to Die vrai jtiOO.
By Mi. 3CAMMON. The petition of Ger-i^e M. Fr<- ?-
man and otlieic, ioi a di-y-dock at the navy-yard at Kitvi-y,
Mamr,
By Mr.TIIOMA^SON : Tpc petition ofMis. Saiali l)avis,
a^ln'ni; pay foi aetvicc-i of her deceased husband, William
l>avi<, asaws^tarit toeographuv.l engineer 111 1314: lcfeired
to the Committee ot Chums. The petition of James H.
Ovciitiecl and Cieotire 13. Duliake, asking ichef from their
soeunUf-hip tor B. J. Ilarnson : referred to the Committee
on the JuUi-'iai y.
By Mr. HAMPTON : The petition of John Moore White,
ot New Jeir^ey, hen ol Majot Joini White, asking compen-
sation lor the revolnt.onary serviced of his iathei . rciened
to the Committee* on llevohitionarv Claims.
By Mr. J. C. CHAPMAN : The memorial of Wiiham A.
Rislijelv, lot the estate ot John Dumebie, deeoix&ed, tor m- ;
d<'mniiy for Fienoii spoliations pnoi to ifcOO: referred to the }
Committee on Foieien "Relations. i
Bv Mr. A. A. CHAPMaN : The petition of sundry Citi- .
ze'ia of the count} ol Flojd, Viigmia, protesting ajranibtthe j
K rnoval ot the distil.*t couit of the United States tiom i
W\tu< ville, in W>the county, to Abingdon, in Wa^ln^gton ,
county, Yiuima. lefoued to the Committee on the Judi- !
ei iry. The* petition of Flora Bojd, the widow of James I
Bind. deceas>ed. a revolutionary soldiei, piaying for a pen-
t-urn teleiied to the Committee on Eevolunonaiy Pen-ions.
T.w petition of Anna lloyull, the widow of William Lloyall,
di e who wu< a captain in the levoJutionaiy aimy,
piayiny ioi a pension : reteired to the Committee oa Revo-
lutionary Peii.-ions.
Bv M;. GILfiS : The niemotial of Robert Gilmer, excen-
tor of Roboit Gilmer, deceased, praying compensation for
French spoliations prior to 1800 , reft ired to the Committee
on Foreign A flair*. Also, tiie memoual of John Stoufier,
on behalf ot him-elt and the hurs of Hemy Stoollcr, de-
ccajedj foi the same purpose. AKo, the memorial of John
Baine> and Louis Baincv,executors of Jo.-hua Barnej,lor
the same purno-e.
Bv Mr. HAyLY: The memonal of the licensed pilots of
the'Stiteot Virginia, piaung for t^e lepeal of the act of
Conmevs concennn^ pilots, passed Maich 2d, 18J/.
BvMi. HAUPKR: 'Che petition of S.imuel G<ay, pray-
ing for a pension: referred to the Committee on invalid n
Pensions. 'j
liy Mr. fH'CBARD, of Connecticut The petition ofil
Thomas Atwater, oi New Haven, Coimeetieut, executor 'f
and iieir of the estate of Ulvithus Afu at>jr, deceased, pi ay- ,'
ins foi indemnity tot spoliations committed by Fiance pie- ;[
viou-5 to 3fiOJ. Also, the petition of Jacob Seboi, of Mid- !j
db town, State of Connecticut, ot the same purpoit. Al-o, j!
the petition of the mh^ntfints ot tlie towns ot Derby, Hunt- ii
uigton, Oxiord. Noupdiack, Waterbury, and other places,  
tor the. improvement of the mouth of the Hon«-atonic nver. :|
Also, the memorial or the citizens of Guilford, puwiii^ for !|
the election of a hidit-hou-e at or neai Chimney Corner ji
Point, on ti.e Saclieui's Head IJaihor. ]'
By Mi. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The petition ofEliaa j,
Steven^, widow ot Commodoic Thomcs Holdup Stevens, /
prajmg an extension to her of the nav\ pension laws. Also, "
the memorial of the Chamber oi'Comnvicc foi die cicctiou ;
of a c*i'«stoin-housp nnd vvaiehouses m the city of Chnrleston. !
>Ir. HAKPER asked leave to withdraw the petition and :i
papers of Clarmda Mix from the files of the House, and that
they be refeired to the Committee on Pensious. Also, to
withdraw the petition and papers of Samuel Diew from the
files of the House, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. Ateo, to withdinv/the petition and
papers of Elizabeth Clopper from the filos of the House,
and that they be referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
By Mr. PERRY: The memorial of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Com pan}', asking the a&sent of Congress to
an acf of the Legislature of Mai yland, entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'An act further to amend the
act incorporating the Chesapeake and Ohio Canai Com-
pany.' 5T
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD,the papers of the heirs
of Admo Goudenouch, on the files of the House, were
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. WINTHROP: The petition of Chailotte Dorr
widow of Andrew C. Dorr, of Boston, praying the passage
ofabifi of indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Also, the petition of Stephen Til Ion, of Boston, to the same
effect. Also, the petition of Harriet Carter, widow of the late'
Nathaniel Carter, of West Newton, Massachusetts, prajmg
a continuance of her pension. Also, the petition of the
Vestry of Washington Parish for an extension of the Con-
gressional Burying Gionndr
By Mr. SIMS: A petition ofmany citizens of Darlington,
South Carolina, for a post-route and pos.t office.
By Mr. WHITE: The petition of Ruleff Van Brunt, here-
tofore presented December 23, 18*44 Also, the petition of
George Newton, heretofore presented February 5, 1840.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 19, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, anil
its further reading having, on the motion of Mr,
; PAYNE, been dispensed with, was approved,
j Mr. P. called for the orders of the day (being
f bills on the private calendar.)
j Mr. THOS. B, KING asked leave to present a
; memorial from the Chamber of Commerce and citi-
J zens of the city of Savannah, asking an appropria-
tion for the removal of certain wrecks sunk in that
harbor during the Revolution.
Mr. PAYNE objected to everything out of the
regular order.
Mr. KING said, he would then be compelled to
move a suspension of the lules. The memorial
was of an important character, emanating from a
considerable city of the Union, and deserving re-
spectful consideration. He was not disposed to
be unreasonable, but he thought that the petition-
ers, who had presented themselves here in a re-
spectful manner, should be heard. Pie merely
asked that the memonal might be received and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PAYNE persisted in hi^objection. If the
rules were suspended in one case they would be
in another, and thus the regular order of business
would be obstructed or set aside.
The SPEAKER then put the question, on the
motion of Mr. King, and two-thirds not voting in
the affirmative, the rules weie not suspended.
So the memorial was not received.
Whereupon, the House passed to the private
orders of the day.
The bill and amendment in relation to the Wy-
andot lands in the State of Ohio, which was
under consideration when the House adjourned
yesterday, came up as the business first ih order,
and wps,
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, recommitted
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. PAYNE, the bill for the re-
lief of Alvin C. Goell (which had been laid aside
yesterday) was taken up; and, after some debate,
in which Messrs. BOWLIN, JULIUS ROCK-
WELL, DANIEL, and PAYNE, participated,
Mr. GROVER moved to lay the bill upon the
table; which motion was disagreed to by the
House.
The debate was further continued by Mr. JO-
SEPH J. McDOWELL, and Mr. DANIEL, who
moved to sUike out the sum of $,20,000 from the
bill, and inseit in lieu thereof £5,000.
The previous question was moved, but, at the
request of Mr. PAYNE, was withdrawn, to en-
able him to make a few further remarks.
Mr. ROW LIN then moved to lay the bill upon
the table; but, before the question was taken,
The House adjoimjed.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 31, 1846.
The Hon. Jesse D. Bright, (Democrat.) of the
State of Indiana, and the Hon. Samcel Houston
and the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, (Democrats,)
both of the State of Texas, appeared in their seats
to-day.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the credentials of
the Hon. Andrew P. Butler, (Democrat,) elect-
ed a Senator of the United States by the Legisla-
