1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57.
bill for the settlement of the claims of New Hamp-
shire against the United Slates.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave, introduced bills of
the following titles, viz:
A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi, Ohio,
and Missouri rivers. [It appropriates $240,000 to
be expended on the Ohio, below the falls, the Mis-
sissippi, and Missouri rivers, and $100,000 to be
expended on the Ohio, above the falls.]
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Arkansas river. [Ap-
propriates $80,000 for that purpose.]
A bill making a further appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river. [Appropriates §75,000 to be expended in
the vicinity of the city of St. Louis.]
A bill making a further appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river. [Appropriates $50,000 to be expended above
the mouth of the Missouri.]
Which bills were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING, the Com-
mittee of the Whole House was discharged from
the consideration of the bill for the relief of Patrick
Kelly; and the bill being engrossed, was read a
third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. WINTHROP,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to consider the expediency of providing
by law that all steamboats which navigate the va-
rious bays, sounds, and lakes of the country, shall
be provided with anchors, chain-cables, windlasses,
pumps, and storm-sails, proportionate to their ton-
nage, and that they shall be inspected in relation
to their seaworthiness in these rcspects as they
now are in relation to the strength of their boilers
and enginery.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM gave notice that he would
at an early day introduce a bill to cede certain lands
of the United States to the city of Cincinnati, in
the State of Ohio.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING introduced
bills of the following titles, of which previous no-
tice had been given:
A bill making appropriation to remove the wrecks
and other obstructions from the Savannah river;
A bill making appropriation to build a custom-
house in the city of Savannah.
Which bills were twice read, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of establishing another
term of the tfoited States district court of Illinois.
Mr. THOMASSON asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing preamble and joint resolution:
Whereas the acquisition of territory by conquest, not
absolutely necessary for self'-piotection, is repugnant to the
genius of the United States Government, and dangerous in
its tendencies upon the minds ot tiie people:
And wheieas it is impolitic to acquire any poition ot the
Mexican territory without paying a fair compensation there-
for, and the inhabitant* of the count! y to be thus acquired
should give their free consent to thy change before jurisdic-
tion over them is assumed:
And whereas to require a conquered nation to pay the
expenses of a war, because it happens to be the weaker
Power, is in oppoMtion to the geneial impulses ot man's
nature, and -such a rule, to be made applicable m all cases,
would be the emanation of despotism, and unworthy a great
Republic, whose citizens love libeity
And whereas the cost of a war, avowed to be waged for
principle alone, should not be the cause oi its continuance:
Theiefore,
Be iticsolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Ojn^rcss tissembieJ, That
when Mexico shall make ample remuneration for acknowl-
edged indebtedness*, and establish the Rio Grande as the
boundaiy for the two nation:-, the peace between the sifttei
Republic?, so unhappily disturbed, ought to be restored.
Objection being made to the reception of the
preamble and resolution,
Mr. THOMASSON moved to suspend the rules;
on which motion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROOT asked to be excused from voting,
and proceeded to state his reasons for making the
request.
I know (said Mr. R.) that the question is mere-
ly whether the resolution shall be received; but
from the votes that members give upon it, infer-
ences will be drawn as to their opinions of the
resolution. From what I could learn of the pre-
amble, by hearing it read at the Clerk s desk, 1
discovered nothing objectionable m it; but it is a
strange preface to the resolution. The resolution
proposes to make up our quarrel with Mexico,
provided she will pay what she owes our citizens,
and cede to us all her territory east of the Rio
Grande.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, rose to a point
of order. He objected to Mr. R. proceeding, on
a motion to be excused from voting, to make a
speech upon the resolution.
The CHAIR decided that, according to the
practice of the House, Mr. Root was in order.
Mr. R. went on to say that the gentleman from
Alabama, in his endeavor to enforce a strict con-
struction of the rule, and thus to save the time of
the House, had consumed more time than he (Mr.
R.) would have required to say all that he had
intended to say, and now, (said Mr. R.,) I will
only add, that the preamble is all for peace, con-
demns a war for conquest, and insists that we do
not wish to take from Mexico any of her territory,
either by force or fraud. All this I approve, and
would vote for it if it stood alone. God knows
how willingly I would, if I could, put an end to
the war. But the resolution which follows this
preamble proposes to end the war only on the
condition that Mexico will relinquish to us all
her territory on this side of the Rio Grande—a
territory four times as large as the State of Ohio,
and as rightfully Mexico's as the city of Mexico
itself. This I cannot vote for, nor even seem to
support, so far as to vote for its reception. There-
fore, I desire to be excused from voting at all,
unless the House shall think it cannot possibly
dispense with my vote.
The question to suspend the rules being taken,
was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Asbmun, James Black,
Buflirigton, William W. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chap-
man, Collamer, Delano, John H. Evving, Foot, Gentry, Gid-
dmgs, Grinnell, Washington Hunt, McGaughey, McHenry,
McIIvaine, Marsh, Moseley, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, Hunk,
Scheuek, Seaman, Severance, Caleb B. Smith, Strohm,
Tliomasson, Tilden, Vmton, and Winthiop-^-33.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Andeison, Atkinson,
Barrimjer, Bedniger, Benton, Bisgs, Jas. A. Black, Blaneh-
ard, Bowdon, Bowlin, Bovd, Bmikerhofr', Brodhead, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Cathcart," Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Claike, Cobb, Cocke, Colhn,
Constable, Cornell, Cran-tou, Cio/.iei, Cullom, Culver.
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Daigait, l)e Molt, Dilling-
ham, Dixon, Dobbin, Douglass. Dunlap, Edsall, Erdtnan,
Faran, Fieklin, Fo-ter, Fries, Gaivin. Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham, Grover, Hamlin, HaiaHon, Haimanson, IlenW,
Huge, I. E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbaid, Hudson, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, ChaiJes J. Inger.^oli, Jen-
kins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Pres-
ton King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Ligon, Lumpkin, M.iclay,
McClean, McClelland, McClernand, McCrate, McDamei,
Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Baikley Martin, Morris, Moulton, Niven, Norns,
Parrish, Payne, Pendleton, Pemll, Terry, Pettit, Phelps,
Pill&buvy, Pollock, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Rob-
erts. John A. Rockwell. Root, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammou,
Seddon, Alexander D. Suns, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robeit Smith, Stanton. Starkweather, Stewait, St. John,
Strong, Thibodeaux, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thuiman, Tibbatts, Tredwav, Wentworth. Whcaton, Wick,
Williams, Woodruli. Woodward, Woodworth, and io&t—
138.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the preamble and
resolution were not received.
The hour during which the consideration of the
order of the day had been postponed having ex- jj
pired— L
The House, on motion of Mr. DODGE, pro- j]
ceeded to the special order of the day, and took up u
the bill for the !'
ADMISSION OF IOWA INTO THE UNION. '
The pending question was 011 the engrossment ;
of the bill. i
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee un Ter- j
ritories, explained its provisions.
The first section merely declnred that the State, 1
having complied with the conditions required by :
a law of Congress passed last session for her ad- ;
mission, was admitted into the Union. .
The second section reenacted the same provi- .
sions which had been contained in the bill passed 1
last year, which was supplemental to a former .
law. i
The people of the State having refused to accept
the boundaries prescribed in the law of last ses- ,
sion, it was deemed to follow7 that the law admit- :
ting the State with those boundaries of course fell ;
with them; and it became necessary that the enact- !
ments should be revived and applied to the State j
as bounded in the present bill. j
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, observed that be-1.
fore the bill should be ordered to its third reading,-
he wished to call the attention of the Delegate from
Iowa to a clause contained in the tenth article of
the State constitution, set forth in the bill, taken
in connexion with one of the sections of the law of
1841. According to the present bill, the donation
from the United States of five hundred thousand
acres of public land to each new State to be admit-
ted into the Union should, when received, be ap-
plied to purposes of education; but, by the law of
1841, it was required that these lands should be
applied to purposes of internal improvement.
Mr. S. thought it proper to bring before Congress
and before the Delegate from Io\va this discrep-
ancy, with a view to obviate doubt or difficulty
hereafter from the idea that it had escaped notice.
Mr. S. approved of the alteration, and had no
doubt it would be the duty of the land officers to
govern themselves by the provision of the present
law as modifying that of the law of 1841. The
discrepancy was manifest, and it should not exist
without the knowledge and notice of the House,
so that if the new application of the land fund was
to be made, it should be done with the knowledge
and approbation of Congress.
Mr. DODGE said it was very true that the
constitution approved by the people of Iowa did
make that application of the proceeds of the public
lands received from the United States which had
been stated by the gentleman from South Carolina;
but 
Mr. SIMS here said, before the gentleman pro-
ceeded, he wished it distinctly to be understood
by that gentleman, by the House, and the coun-
try, that he was in favor of the admission of Iowa
with her constitution thus modified. He approved
of the change entirely; he had referred to it not
by way of objection to her reception, but merely
because he thought it due to all parties that the
fact should be knosvn and understood.
Mr. DODGE proceeded to say that the people
of Iowa, in accepting the constitution in its present
form, considered the five hundred thousand acres
of land received from the General Government as
a paternal gift, which thev had a right to apply in
any manner they might deem most conducive to
their own good. They supposed that the trust
had been applied to a proper and praiseworthy
object, and that this House would concur m that
opinion. They regarded it as the gift of a parent
to t^ie child, and that the recipient might lawfully
apply it to any proper purpose. He trusted that
110 difficulty would grow out of the fact which had
been brought to the notice of the House.
Mr. PETTIT thought there could no difficulty
proceed from this source. Yet he did not under-
stand that, when a donation had been made for a
specific use stated by the donor, trustees could,
without his consent, change the use of the trust
fund; and, without the consent of Congress, he did
not suppose the change now made by the new con-
stitution of Iowa would be valid. The United
States had given this land to the State for a speci-
fic purpose, and Iowa was a trustee, whose duty
it was to apply the donation to the object specified;
but, if all the parlies assented, no doubt the ends
and condition of the trust might be changed. It
might be abrogated in reference to one object and
applied to another. Here the parties all agreed.
And, for one, he thought the present a more ap-
propriate and a wiser application of the fund than
if it were to be applied to works of internal im-
provement. He hoped the article of the new con-
stitution would be sacredly'observed. Mr. P. here
observed, generally, that the relative number of
, persons who could not read in the different States
i went to show that where the public icvenues were
applied to purposes of education, the diffusion of
knowledge and the intelligence and virtue of the
■ people was greater than where those resources re-
! ceived any other direction; and in those States
there was a proportionate attachment to the eon-
■ stitution, and to the Jefiersoman construction of
; that instrument. He referred particularly to New
; Hampshire as a proof of this, where, though he
' admitted the prevalence of education in all the New
1 England States, he believed the mass of the people
■ were more attached to free institutions than they
were in any other part of the Union.
! He would say to the Delegate from Iowa, never
! suffer this sacred trust to be invaded or touched.
If you regard the interest of civil liberty, never
t pervert this fund to any other purpose.
Mr. RATHBUN contended that the present bill
