60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dcc. 22,
would not carry them very far, however. But '
there was an error which he would notice now.
The gentleman from Tennessee had told them
what the old rule was—would to God that the old
rule had continued to be the new one!—the old
rule was, that when the country was engaged in
war, it was not then the time to denounce the war.
The country was now involved in war, and hence
this was not the time to denounce it, but a time
when all hands should be armed, and all hearts
nerved for the conflict. This was the doctrine
which all ought to hold to. He liked it himself,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, and those
who agreed with him, ought to like it; for the ma-
jority voted that the war ought to be waged; and
their arguments should be not denunciations and
opposition to the Administration in carrying on
the war, but the sword, the bayonet, and thunder
from the cannon's mouth. I like that sort of
argument
" When floats tins cross from man to man—
VicIiAIpme's summons to Ins clan—
Cuised be he who fails to heed !
Palsied the foot that tails to speed!
Wo to the wietch who tails to rear,
At this dread sign, the ready spear
He believed that doctrine; and he was willing to
go with the gentleman for a strict accountability
on the part of the officers; but he was also willing
that the banners of the United States should be
floating upon the walls of Montezuma if it was
necessary to secure an honorable peace. Let the
war, then, be concluded; and then call the persons
concerned in it to an account. But party influences
were brought to bear upon this question, and party
ligaments were stronger than natural ties or any
other ties. It was unfortunate that party interests
had been mingled m their counsels to cripple their
efforts against a common enemy. Would that
those pei,sons who were denouncing the war might
bathe, like leprous Naaman, in the waters of pa-
triotism, and that'their souls might come out pure
as the souls of little children! The gentleman from
Tennessee, and the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hudson,] on his right, had contended that
the western line which divided the United States
from Mexico—or, in other words, which formed
the boundary line between Texas and Mexico—was
un open line. When he (Mr. J.) came to the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Massachusetts, Ire
would attend to that question, arid satisfy him—if
the bonds of party interests had not bowed his
neck in eternal servitude—he would satisfy him on
that point. There was one thing- which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee had remarked, and winch
he presumed he would remember, that it was moral
treason not to denounce the act of the President in
regaul to the wai. While he (Mr. J.) had not the
power to free him from all the offences which he
had commuted, he would use his voice in Rearing
him from the charge of moral treason for not de-
nouncing everything the President had said on this
subject. The President was called by him an ac-
cidental Piesident. Did the gentleman suppose
that audi accidents would ever happen in Ins dis-
trict? There was no sepulchre to pass to place him
in the Presidential cluur. He was raised to office
by the free voice of the people. Pie was called to
office, the gentleman had said, against the will of
many of the leading men of the Democratic party.
But there was no use m attempting to evade the
plain facts in the case. He was elected by the free
and unbiased will of the people of the United States.
" But (said the gentleman) there was one measure
in which lie would go hand m hand." And why?
Because he knew the result would be mournful and
disastrous to the country.
Air. GENTRY. I was speaking of this war as
a war of conquest. But I said that if the whole
country joined m the war, I would go with them,
though with the mournful conviction that it would
lead to most disastrous consequences.
Mr. JONES. That was what the'gentleman
intended to say.
Mr. GENTRY. It was what I did say.
Mr. JONES. I am very glad the gentleman
has explained the matter so much to my satisfac-
tion. Sometimes, in the hurry of argument, gen-
tlemen say things which they do not recollect very
well, especially if they arc under the influence of
excitement. [Laughter.] He would comc now
to pay his particular respects to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and he [meaning Mr. Hud-
son] commenced his speech by telling them that
he had in his bosom the feelings of the fathers of
the revolution; and that these feelings prompted
him to speak freely upon all subjects connected
with legislation, particularly the Mexican war.
Did he mean the fathers and revolutionary patriots
who fought at Concord, and at Lexington, and at
Bunker's Hill, where the immortal warren fell,
who, mingling their blood with the melting lava of
the cannon's mouth, foreshadowed the victories of
Saratoga and Yorktown, and the independence of
these united States? If he did, pot one of. them
would have been found to utter a word against that
war. No, sir, he continued, although there was a
large division in the United Provinces with regard
to the propriety of taking up arms against their
mother country, and perhaps a larger division
when the Declaration of Independence came out—
yet those fathers would not tolerate m their neigh-
borhood the man who was suspected of giving
" aid and comfort" to the enemies of the country.
Summary punishment was inflicted upon such in
all the Colonies. Pie could not thmk the gentleman
meant those fathers; and he would not say his
fathers were on the other side in the Revolution;
what is tv absolutely false," and what is li untrue."
But there was one thing which he thought he had
a right to, complain of with regard to the phraseol-
ogy of the honorable and venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] [laughter]—
reverend, he should have said. [Continued laugh-
ter.] He would ask the gentleman whether he
thought that he who ministered at the sacred altar
—who fllled the sacred desk, should indulge in re-
marks which gentlemen in piivate circles would
not indulge in, but at the peril of receiving a chal-
lenge? Was he a follower of the meek and lowly
Jesus?—and did he permit himself to indulge
in epithets with regard to the President of the
United States which no gentleman upon the floor
of this House would think of applying to an-
other member without expecting to be immedi-
ately called to a conflict? In his published
speech, winch was before him, (Mr. J.,) he
[Mr. H.] charged the President of the United
States with uttering an untruth. No gentleman
would bear the remark in the social circle without
demanding an immediate personal explanation;
and, if that was refused, he would have immediate
recourse to deadly weapons. Perhaps the gentle-
man intended that his hearers should do as he
taught, not as ins example would lead them to do.
But there was one pait of those remaiks in which
this application of being " absolutely untrue", was
made to a portion of the President's message. To
that passage he would ask leave to call the second
thoughts of the gentleman himself, and the atten-
tion of this House. [Mr. J. here read a passage
from Mr. Hud&on's speech, as written out by him-
self for the Intelligcueer.] Out of lus own mouth
he (Mr. J.) would judge him. This was the
charge—absolutely <k untrue." How did he go
011 to piove it? In the first place, he said it was not
magnanimous to mention objections tothe course
which Mexico had pursued. It was not magnani-
mous to mention the spoliations, aggressions, in-
sult, and robberies committed by Mexico prior to
1839, Why? Because she then confessed them,
and by treaty promised reparation. This was a
part of the proof. Very well. The difficulties
were investigated by the delegations of the two
nations. Mexico promised to pay her indebted-
ness. She acknowledged her inability to pay ac-
cording to that treaty. A new con\ention was
made in 1843, m which Mexico again confessed
her faults, and promised to pay in twenty instal-
ments."" Well now, if there were no injuries com-
mitted, no insults offered, and no robberies and
spoliations upon our citizens, what was it that
Mexico confessed? Why, she promised repara-
tion for nothing; and, therefore, she had fully paid
the debt. This was like the compensation the
Indian made to the trader to whom he was indebt-
ed. An Indian called upon a trader: " Sir," said
the tiader, " I have a note of yours." " 1 know
it," said the Indian, " but I have not the money
to pay with now; and I wish you to wait a little.
I'll pay it by-and-by." " Very well," said the
trader, " an acknowledgment of the debt is equal
to half payment." He called the sccond time,
when a similar colloquy took place: and on call-
ing the third time, the Indian said to the trader,
" I owe you nothing. I have paid you all that 1
owe you." " How so f" said the trader. "Did
you not acknowledge the debt the first and second
time, and have you paid me anything since that?"
" True," rejoined the Indian, <£ but the first time
you said an acknowledgment was half pay, and
surely the next acknowledgment was the other
half." [Considerable laughter.] That was the
compensation which we had received from Mexico.
The gentleman went on to tell us that they had
paid three of the twenty instalments since 1843.
This was but a small part. Now he would ask,
how was it that they had committed spoliation
and robberies, had insulted our flag, and promised
reparation, and yet never made it, as had been
proved by the President as well as by the gentle-
man himself? This was absolutely true; and let
the charge of falsehood fall upon the shoulders of
whomsoever they pleased, it could not fall upon
the President's.
But as he presumed that the time allotted to
his remarks was waning away, he would call
the attention of the House to the boundary line,
upon which topic so much attention had been be-
stowed by some of the previous speakers. It had
been contended by the gentleman from Tennessee
that the western line of the boundary of the Uni-
ted States was an open line. Grant it, for argu-
ment's sake. But what was the situation of that
open line? In 1803, when Louisiana was ceded
by Fiance to the United States, by that open line
was meant the Rio Grande. When it was subse-
quently ccded by the United States to Spain—then
called Texas—the Rio del Norte was the boun-
dary line. But, said gentlemen, it was not right
to talk about boundaries when the territory was
| the subject of cession-and retrocession between
! Prance, Spain, and the United States'; the revolu-
i tion of Texas was the subject to talk about. Why
not? According to his (Mr. J.'s) recollection of
history, when the United States achieved her in-
dependence, the fixing the demarcation of prov-
inces was the subject of discussion, and every
State claimed all within its chartered limits.
[Here the hammer fell; and the honorable speaker
remarked, as he resumed his seat^that his hour had
been so much encroached upon by others, that he
had barely been able to commence his argument,
which he would perhaps write out for the press.]
Mr. MORSE obtained the floor, but yielded to
amotion that the committee rise; which prevailing,
the committee rose and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz :
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the annual report of the revenue ma-
rine service; which letter and report were laid on
the table.
II. A communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmitting, in obedience to the joint resolu-
tion of the 6th of August last, a report on the case
of Seth M. Leavenworth; which letter and repoit
were laid upon the tabic.
Mr. COBB offered the following resolution,
which was laid over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That so much of the 41st rule of this
House as permits any member requesting to be
excused from voting to "make a brief verbal state-
ment of the reasons for making such request," be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL gave notice that he
would at an early day introduce a bill for the more
easy ascertaining the names of the owners of ships
or vessels.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 22, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
shippers, shipmasters, and seamen of the lakes,
praying that Cattaraugus harbor may be completed
and lighted; which was referred to the Committee
on'Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of James W.
Simmons, in behalf of his wife, heir of the late
William Brodfoot, merchant, of Charleston, Sof&h
Carolina, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions; which was referred to the select committee
on that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petitions of the heirs of Henry Stoeffer, deceased,
and of the widow of Henry Dashiell, deceased,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which were severally referred to the select
committee on that subject.
