62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. >22,
eration, did not necessarily come up this morning:
as the business first in order?
The SPEAKER answered that it did not.
Mr. COBB then moved to suspend the rules so
that the resolution might be taken up and consid-
ered by the House. Mr. C. expressed the hope
that the resolution would be adopted, and that an
end would thus be put to these speeches, which
were frequently inflicted upon the House by mem-
bers desiring- to be excused from voting'.
The question was taken, and, two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd*, of Ken-
tucky, in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the series of resolutions, apportioning
and referring the President's message to the va-
rious standing committees, which have heretofore
been published in this paper, and to the first of
which the following amendment was yesterday
offered by ]J>£r. Andrew Johnson:
"And that said committee do make dihgont inquiry into
the origin and prosecution of the war now existing between
tlie anaiehy of Mexico and the United States, and if the
laws and Constitution of the United States have been viola-
ted in any particular, and report the same to this House."
Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana, said that he had
had, when he came heie, a strong desire to express
the views he entertained in regard to this Mexican
war; yet, when the call for information moved by
the gentleman over the way [Mr. G-. Davis] had
been sanctioned by the House, he had waived all
such intention, and determined to wait till the in-
formation asked for should have been received,
lie hud supposed that the friends of the Opposi-
tion would have had more sense of propriety than
to debate the general subject until thi3 information
should have been furnished, but would have suf-
fered their wrath to slumber, at least till some data
should be obtained 011 which to proceed.
If Mr. M. regarded this debate as a mere parti-
san, he should certainly rejoice in the course which
had been taken by these gentlemen. They had
indulged in expressions of so violent a character
as were well calculated to arouse the sense of pro-
priety in the breast of the American people. In-
deed, Mr. M., had lie not actually witnessed the
debate, should have been inclined to doubt whether
it were possible that language of so much coarse-
ness could emanate from that small party claiming
all the decency of the country.
.For the sake of their common fame, for the char-
acter of Congress as a body, for all that was inter-
esting to the welfare of the country, he could have
wished that we should have stood united before
the world. Tins would have been deemed of more
importance by him than any mere party triumph.
He regarded the tone which had marked this de-
bate as of more importance than the matter of the
debate itself. Whatever might be the war carried
on against the Administration, it was evident it was
intruded to be " war to the knife." If so, lie would
say, " Let it come." On the ground of this war, the :
Administration was invulnerable. j
Mr. M. should endeavor to establish two prop- '
ositions: First, that this war was not an unpopu- j
lar war in the United States—of which one fact j
seemed pretty conclusive evidence, that more than '
three hundred thousand of our citizens had volun-
teered their services for its prosecution; and, sec-
ond, that the course of denunciation which had :
been pursued, and was still pursuing m that House,
was calculated to afford "aid and comfort" to our
enemies. I
It was not Mr. M.'s purpose to subject any gen-
tleman here to that imputation. He should not ,
go into the question as to the quo anhno of the op- ,
position; but the speeches of gentlemen were a fair
subject of animadversion. What he meant to prove
was, that such a course tended to encourage and j
strengthen our enemies; and, further, that it had •
already actually had that etlect. J
These, he Jtn^w, weic all matters of opinion. ,
The minds of men seemed to be so constructed that
from the same premises different men drew differ- ;
ent and even opposite conclusions. It was not for
him to undertake to judge of their motives; time
and the deliberate judgment of the American peo- !
pie would decide which of the two coarses adopted :
by the two great parties in that House was best ;
calculated to strengthen the arm of the Executive
and unite the people against the common foe.
It might be that to charge the President with de- J
claring what was positively false, and to believe
that he had stated it in order to make the people
believe a lie; it might be that to denounce this war
as unholy and unjust, as the President's war, and
the President in waging it to be an. usurper, was
best calculated to unite us as a people in conducting
the war. It might be, too, that passing such a
resolution as that offered yesterday before the
world and before Mexico, that however long she
might hold out in refusing us our just dues, it
would be unworthy of the American people to
exact more from her than the payment of an old
debt, although twice its amount had been spent by
us in a war to recover it, was sound policy, and
calculated to bring the war to a speedy and an
honorable conclusion. Yes, it might be that Mr.
M. was so obtuse in his perceptions as to come to
conclusions which were all wrong; but he certainly
should infer directly the opposite. He must be of
opinion that the tone indulged in from the begin-
ning of this debate till within the few days last past,
had been such as were well calculated to give aid
and comfort to the Power with whom we were at
war. This was his opinion, and with it he was
ready to go before the people of the United States.
INTow, though no charge had been brought against
the Executive which had not been satisfactorily
answered by facts, Mr. M. should occupy a little
time in showing what had been the character of
the arguments employed here to controvert the
clear distinct testimony which the President had
laid before the House in illustration of the causes
and character of the existing war.
Mr. M. hoped he should "be considered as guilty
of no disparagement to gentlemen on the opposite
i side of the House, who had as yet remained silent
during this debate, when he said that the ablest
men of that party had already spoken. If a better
argument could be brought forward against the
message and the President than that which had
been urged by the gentlemen from Massachusetts,
from Kentucky, fioni Tennessee, and from Ohio,
it was not known to him, or he believed to that
House; and what had been evidently their motive
in successively taking the floor? Cui bono all this
array of eloquence and of aigument? He felt sat-
isfied that the people, when they had examined
and weighed all that had been said, must be
brought to but one conclusion, that a mighty effort
had been made by the opposition to get up some-
thing which they might send out with the message
by way of antidote, lest its effect on the public
mind should be irresistible. The whole was mani-
festly a labored effort to show that the plain, un-
varnished, straightforward, common-sense state-
ment of facts m the message was false, and to give
the opposition papets their cue, and furnish them
with something to say.
A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dar-
ragh] had characterized the message as an appeal
to the people—as a low demagoguical document, a
one-sided argument m defence of the Administra-
tion. Well, and was it not the right of the Presi-
dent, was he not bound, on a great public question
like that of this war, in which all were interested,
to set forth the grounds on which the war had
been carried on? Was it not his duty to set the
true state of things plainly before the world, before
the people of his own land, and especially before
those who weie actually engaged 111 fighting the
battles of the country ? Ought he not, if lie could,
to demonstrate to these that it was no war of ag-
gieasion and usurpation; that it was not the war
of James K. Polk, but their own war, so that they
might feel m all their hearts the truth of the saying,
'<•' Tiiiice n he a? mod who hath his quairel just"?
Mr. M. would not go back to recapitulate what
had been urged; but he would say, if a long course
of spoliations perpetrated by Zvlexico, and to this
day unatoned for; if the withdrawal of her ow#
Minister and her contumelious rejection of ours;
if her insolent menaces, and her open declaration
that she considered the nation as in a state of war,
and was determined to reconquer Texas from us
to the Sabine; if all these things were not sufficient
to justify any President of the United States in
marching our army to the very gates of Mexico,
it must only be because the habitual boasting and
bombast of Mexico was such that nobody be-
lieved her to be sincere. Had it been any other
nation that treated us thus—had such outrages,
ay, or a tithe of them, been perpetrated by Great
Britain or by Prance, and the President had not
marched our troops into Canada, or ordered our
fleets into the Channel; if he had not bombarded
the towns and attacked the ships of the enemy,
he would have justly subjected himself to impeach-
ment.
And, after all the careful examination of this
Executive document by gentlemen on the other
side, what, after all%their labor, had they at last
found? The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Darragh] pronounced it a " demagoguical appeal
to the people." The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who mastered every sub-
ject he investigated, and who said he had " looked
into this message with some care," had discovered
—what ? That the President wanted the firmness
to recommend a tax on tea and coffee, though that
was what everybody knew he meant. But Mr. M.
would ask, if the President had recommended that
measure totidem verbis, what grave denunciations
should they have heard from that very quarter?
The gentleman had brought another grave objec-
tion against the message: it was too long; and the
executive messages used to be much shorter during
and before Mr. Adams's Administration; and there-
fore, Mr. M. supposed, our liberties decreased, in
an inverse ratio, with the length of our Presidential
messages.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had
prepared and elevated a hook to hang Whig speeches
upon, and to enable his political friends to engage
in a strain of abuse, such as a respect, he would
not say for the President of the United States, but
for that House and for themselves, should have
forbidden—language with which they ought never
to have soiled a printed page.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
seemed to have been inoculated with a disease
which once afflicted a friend of his in 1824, viz: a
profound horror of military chieftains; a disease
which continued to prey on gentlemen of that
party until somewhere about the year 1840; they
had then suddenly recovered from it; but it seemed
to have come on them again, and he greatly feared
would be likely to continue, unless they should
again recover from it (should an available candi-
date be found) about 1848.
The gentleman* after giving the House a pro-
phetic vision of the public ruin, fell straightway
into rhapsodies on discovering that the President
had actually set up a military government within
the State of Texas. The same fact seemed to have
great weight with agentleman fr©m Ohio, [Mr. Gid~
dings,] and thatgentlemanconsidered his argument
on that subject perfectly unanswerable. Now,
it was nothing to Mr. M. whether Santa Fe was
in Mexico or in Texas, provided it was in the mil-
itary possession of an enemy, and a hostile gen-
eral held it under military power. Surely, in that
case, whoever it might be, we had a right to attack,
seize, and hold it under military control for a time.
Suppose we were at war with Great Britain, and
one of her generals should get possession of a mili-
tary post [within the State of New York, and we
should succeed in driving them out of it: did any-
body doubt that we might possess ourselves of it,
and hold it, temporarily, under the laws of war,
while the enemy's forces were in the State5 Surely
not.
But Mr. M. proceeded to show that the course
of denunciation which had been pursued against
the war and the Administration was calculated to
give, and had already actually given^ aid and com-
fort to our enemy. Mr. M. said he had taken
pains to examine the language of the British press
on the subject of our war with Mexico; and let it
be remembered that it was speaking of the conduct
of what had long been viewed by Great Britain as
a rival nation. The patriotism of our volunteers,
and the gallant conduct of our army at Palo Alto,
at Resaca de la Palma, and at Monterey, had ex-
torted the highest eulogiums on the public spirit
and bravery ol the American people. But, since
the last arrival of the Cambria, he had .seen a
great change in the tone of these prints. Since
they had learned the results of tho late clcctions
in New Ttork and elsewhere, and the v onsequent
hopes of the Whigs to recover the reins of pow-
er, their tone was changed; they said that the
patnouc cry of {C our country right or wrong,"
seemed to be failing fast, and thatlhe glow of our
American feeling seemed fast fading away before
the fears of taxes, and the cant of abolition; and
on this ground they now began to predict the ulti-
mate failure of the American arms. Now, if the
English press, which had the means of knowing
