64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22.
President, our residences being only a mile and a
quarter apart—I should regard myself as a traitor
to my constituency, from whose bosom the Presi-
dent came, were I to refrain from exercising my
humble efforts in advocacy of his privtae charac-
ter, which has been denounced upon this floor.
Mr: Chairman, I am about to use Scripture
language, too. (A laugh.) The gentleman from
Indiana says we are getting very pious here.
Well, I am inclined to think that he does not stand
in much danger of such an imputation. My col-
league says he used the word " lie", in a scriptural
sense; and he said that he did not quote the residue
of the passage. I will quote it now. The pas-
Ba<*e is—"believe a lie and be damned." Now
mark. My colleague characterizes the message
as nothing but a low demagoguieal attempt to
make the people believe a lie. Now, what is the
ground of this charge of falsehood? Mark, Mr.
Chairman, how I will fasten this accusation some-
where else What is the alleged lie ? Here it is:
" The war was commenced by the President, and
has been carried on by the President." So says
my colleague. He represents the President as
nothing more nor less than an usurper since the
commencement of this war. I call the particular
attention of the committee to the language of my
colleague in his recent speech on this floor, in
order to refer them more explicitly to his course
during the last session of Congress. My colleague
says this is a Presidential war. He affirms that it
was begun by the President; and that, during its
continuance, the President has been nothing but a
tyrant. This is a grave charge. Let us carefully
examine this charge of falsehood. Would it not
appear strange indeed, if, in the course of my re-
marks, I should prove that my colleague has, in
the most solemn manner, endorsed the lie which
he has attempted to fasten upon the President'
Jn the message of the President of May last, he
says: [Here Mr. M. quoted from the message the
declaration that war existed by the act of the re-
public of Mexico.] Now let me call you partic-
ular attention to the following item, which I find
recorded in the Journals of this House of the last
session. [Mr. M. here read the preamble of the
bill of last session, declaring that war existed, and
voting supplies.] Mark, Mr. Chairman, here is
the declaration of the President that " war exists
by the act of Mexico," reiterated in the most ex-
plicit terms. But a few days ago, my colleague,
in his place, declared that the war exists by the
act of the President of the United States; that it
was begun by the President, and that it had been
carried on by the President. Now, by reference
to this Journal, I find it declared that " war exists
by the act of the republic of Mexico," and not
by the act. of the American Government. Now
I ask. are we not here clearly at issue ? Is not the
declaration of my colleague a few days ago dirccily
m conflict with this declaration in the Journal? I
find, sir, further, that amongst the yeas who voted
on the passage of the bill, declaring that war ex-
isted by the act of the republic of Mexico, side
bv side with the six Democrats from the State of
Tennessee—and, Mr. Reporter, set it down in
capitals, so that it may go to Tennessee with all
the prominence that typography can give it—I find
the, name of Meredith P. Gentry! Now, I
will not do my colleague the injustice to suppose
that he would lie morally, politically, or scriptu-
rally. But I will say, that his solemn declaration
of last session, registered on the records of this
House, was a true declaration—it was founded in
fact—it was founded by the history of the times—
it was sustained, and it will be sustained by Ten-
nessee.
Again, for the sake of argument, let us admit
that Mr. Polk has lied; let me ask, who are his
endorsers ? 1 have been taught to believe that he
who lies is guilty of a great offence, and that he
who publishes that lie to the world is still more
culpable. Mr. Polk, then, it is said, has lied in
this—that he has declared the war was begun by
Mexico. But at the last session of the legislature
my colleague, under the solemn obligation of an
oath, came forward and endorsed that lie, and pub-
lished it to the American people ! Consistency,
Oh consistency ! what a jewel thou art! But in
the eyes of my colleague, it would seem, thou art
but the unshapely and opaque mass which the ig-
norant would cast aside as a worthless pebble ! I
recollect well the feelings and emotions of my
bosom when the vote was to be taken. I had just
heard the patriotic speech of my young colleague
before me, [Mr. Cocke.] It thrilled my'bosom
with delight. I had looked across to mv col-
leagues, and my eye was fastened on my colleague
from the western district, and I knew that he could
not vote that this war was by an act of the Presi-
dent; for I recollect well when all hearts were de-
sponding in this Hall, and when we lost all hope
of the annexation of Texas, Tennessee, still by
her representative, [Mr. M. Brown,] cameforward,
and he introduced his resolution. It was taken
up and adopted, and sent to the Senate. Now
mark that act of war of Mexico. I say that I had
no apprehension as to the vote of my colleague
from the western district, [Mr. Brown;] but when
my colleague from Rutherford county district [Mr.
Gentry] was called, I leaned forward and anx-
iously listened. I asked, " shall we stand alone
—seven or eight ?" And when the name of Mere- j
ditii P. Gentry was called, and 1 heard that shrill
clarion voice pronounce the word "ay"—I reflect-
ed with a proud emotion that Tennessee presented
on this floor a united front in support of this war.
But alas ! a few short months pass away; the sun
arose yesterday and was yet at the meridian when
the same representative who, so bold and daring
when the clarion notes of war first sounded
throughout the land, like a true Tennesseean,
joined his voice in the patriotic shout of "ay,"
is now found an advocate of Mexico and of Mexi-
can aggression ! Yes, and I cannot butfeel amazed
at the manner in which my colleague attempts to
excuse himself. I am not much in the habit of
quoting poetry, but there is a verse which just
now occurs to me, and is so applicable, that I
must rccite it. I say that the gentleman's " ay"
on that occasion will
" Tlaunt thee like a wicked eonsc-icnee still,
Thai moutdeth goblins swift as frenzy's thought."
I have one remark or two to make here in rela-
tion to the moral influence of the course pursued
by my colleague. We are engaged in a war with
a foreign enemy. I ask, what is better calculated
to nerve the arm of that enemy than the declara-
tion that we are in the wrong? What, I ask, is
more calculated to unnerve the arm of the volun-
teer from Tennessee than to tell him that his coun-
try is engaged in an unjust war ? The course pur-
sued by my colleague at the last session, and his
conduct now, reminds me very much of an ancc-
dote I once heard of the hypochondriac in Europe,
who fancied himself to be possessed of a heretical
leg and an orthodox leg. To punish the heretical
leg—for he professed to be a very religious man—
he was in the habit of removing all covering from
it, and exposing it to the chilling seventy of the
cold atmosphere. I ask my colleague which is the
patriotic leg and which the Mexican leg? [A
laugh.] Is it the leg of this session that he puts
forth, or the patriotic leg of last session, which
was so triumphantly displayed in the defence of
his country, that he now puts forth' In his re-
marks yesterday, my colleaguo applauded the
President of the United States as a gentleman. He
admitted that he had always exhibited "the courte-
ous and honorable character and beamjV of a gen-
tleman. On one occasion my colleagfEestated that
he had met the President in a political contest, and
he bore testimony to the courtesy and politeness
of the President on that occasion. He stated fur-
ther, that he was animated by no personal ill-will
—no private pique—no individual hostility. But
in the face of all these sentiments of respect, which
my colleague assures us he has always entertained
for the President, he yet came forward the other
day and declared on this floor that " the personal
character of the President was unworthy the ap-
probation of the meanest minion that shouted in
his train." How stiangely inconsistent! My col-
league knew well that the private character of the
President was such as had uniformly commanded
the respect alike of his political friends and his po-
litical foes. And here I boldly assert, that in all
the private relations of life—in all political contests
in his native State—throughout his whole career,
the President has maintained a character of spot-
less integrity—a charactcr that can be safely put
in comparison with that of any of his accusers.
It is for this House to determine, Mr. Chairman,
whether the President of the United States was
treated with- becoming courtesy by my colleague
on this floor a few days since. When, face to face,
Greek met Greek—when my colleague and the
President met in the political contest—courtesy
prevailed. No lie was then rudely given. No
insinuation of pusillanimity or meanness was then
attempted. But now the gentleman said he would
lift up his voice and spare not, in order to show
that he "was not afraid to speak!" Not afraid
to speak! Who doubted it? Who dare to in-
sinuate that he who could in the coarsest terms
denounce his opponent when he was a mile and a
quarter distant, was afraid to speak? Certainly
a gentleman so chivalric, so bold, could never be
suspectcd of being afraid to speak here or any-
where else! I have but a few additional remarks
to make, and I shall be as brief as possible. I do
not intend to arraign any gentleman. I come not
here to impugn the motives of any member of this
House. But I come to defend myself against the
charge of treason. And I might, perhaps, find
occasion for some little peisonal insult, if it were
not that I have determined to have no controversy
here with the Mexicans or their adherents. Oil!
but I am guilty of treason—why ? Because I am
lepresented as saying that the President is not
guilty of aviolation of the Constitution m carrying
on this war. Why, I have shown you that this
war was commenced by Mexico; and I proved it
by the solemn fact recorded on your journals, and
endorsed by my colleague. Who has declared
this war? I answer, Congress has declared this
war. Congress has placed in the hands of the
President the means to prosecute this war. And
is it not strange the President, for doing; the very '
thing which my colleague clothed him with power
to do, is denounced as a traitor? Is it not passing
strange that the President, for executing the com-
mands of iny colleague, is denounced by that very
gentleman as guilty of treason? I speak in a scrip-
tural sense. If I build up that which I destroy,
am I not a transgressor? For what has the Presi-
dent waged this war? Why does not the gentle-
man ask himself why he voted for this war? The
President, he says, is carrying on the war without
telling us the ostensible objects of the war. The
gentleman says that the object of the war -was to
relieve General Taylor anil his brave soldiers at
Palo Alto. But was that the way to relieve Gen-
eral Taylor? If that had been the gentleman's
object in voting for the war, why did he not adopt
the plan of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hudson,] and, like another Cato, call upon
the President to " disband his legions?"
Let us, Mr. Chairman, take a very brief view of
the events—of the course of policy pursued by the
two parties on this question. I recollect at the last
session of Congress to have witnessed—1 say it with
all respect—-on the countenance of my friend some
degree of writhing under the lash of the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.]
The gentleman from Kentucky said he was m
favor of whipping Mexico into a peace. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts replied that we iiad
whipped her enough. I agreed with him then;
and I expected, from the manifestations he present-
ed on that evening, that until this war had termi-
nated we should have had no discussion as to the
causes of the war, but would press forward to a
peace, to be obtained by " whipping Mexico."
But we have resumed our seats here, and instead of
unanimity, we find a very different aspect of affairs.
Mr. Chairman, a longer time ago than I now choose
to tell, I used to do a little of what we call in Ten-
nessee " fisticuff." [A laugh.J But I never could
fight when told that my cause was bad. When I
fancied that I had received an insult, and my friends
held me back and told me I had not sufficient cause
to fight, I was forced to pause and reflect. When
my father told me that my cause was not just, 1
reflected. But when my friends said, " Martin's
in the right," I made but I won't say what I
did. What sort of a ridiculous attitude does he
present who calls out to a chap who, with coat off
and sleeves tucked up, has spat on his hands, and
gone at it real Tennessee fashion—" John, your
cause is bad, but whip liiin like h—11!" [Laughter.]
How ridiculous to call out to the President, "Polk,
you're in the wrong, but whip 'em like d n
[Renewed laughter.] "Polk, you're in an unjust
war—you're leading the country into a-damna-
Dle war, but never mind, whip 'em like h—11'"
[Laughter.] Now, Mr. Chairman, I admire the
sincerity, 1 revere the consistency of the immortal
" fourteen " that voted against the declaration of
war. I say to the gentleman from Ohio over the
way, [Mr. Giddings,] notwithstanding you have
committed political sins of a high order, yet in this
