THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
business of the war you are consistent, and deserve
the thanks of good men. Your judgment was con-
vinced that the war was wrong', and you voted as
your judgment directed. You said: " Jonathan,
you're going into an unjust war; I'll wash my
handsofit!" [A laugh.] That's the language of
the gentleman from Ohio, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts. He violates the laws neither of
God nor man. But he who denounces the war as
unjust, and yet votes for it, violates both God's
holy law and every principle of ethics. Those
gentlemen look abroad upon the battlefield—they
behold the battlements of Monterey—they see a
chivalric Worth—(and Worth let his name ever-
more remain, for his deeds are those of a true
man)—they see him scaling the fortified heights—
they hear a Campbell and an Anderson, of Tennes-
see, commanding the brave volunteers of that State,
and they declare, " We voted for this war, but it
is an unjust war; it is a President's war; it is an
unholy war!" What would be the effect of such
a speech! Would it not paralyze the heart-strings
of the gallant volunteer? Would it not cause him
to sheath his sword, and pause in sorrow in the
midst of his glorious career ? But suppose another
voice saluted the ears of the soldier. Suppose it
was proclaimed to them: "This is a just war.
For years your country has patiently suffered
wrongs at the hands of Mexico, and is now at
length driven to seek redress on the field of battle.
Your cause is just; it is the cause of your coun-
try." I ask, what would be the effect of such a
speech as that? What would be its effect on the
Tennessee volunteers ? Why, they would, in Ten-
nessee style, throw up their caps in the air, and,
shouting aloud " Remember the deeds of our
fathers at New Orleans!" they would rush to the
thickest of the fight. 1 really was half inclined
  to fear that after the speech of my colleague we
would get no more volunteers from Tennessee.
We area just people there, although we have been
denounced as the supporters of an unjust war.
Yet I think we are a God-fearing people in Ten-
nessee. We profess there to have our altars and
our churches. The Tennesseean father trains his
child to respect the laws of God and the laws of
man. The first lesson that is impressed upon the
youthful breast is to remember that to be just is
to obey God. I ask my colleague, if Tennessee
believes the doctrines which he proclaimed the
other day, how can he expect to muster any more
volunteers into the field in answer to the country's
call ? I never will engage in an unjust act, if I
know it to be unjust. I care not what the sacrifice,
if convinced 
Mr. GENTRY. I had not the pleasure of hear-
ing all the remarks of my colleague with reference
to what I said. He is now proceeding in a strain
of argument which. 
Mr. MARTIN. My hour has nearly expired.
Will the gentleman wait till I have concluded ?
Mr. GENTRY. It would seem from his argu-
ment that my remarks were levelled against the
justice of the war. I said nothing on that, except
that if the President had, in conformity with his
constitutional obligations, sent in a message recom-
mending a war, I was inclined to believe, and did
believe, that I would have voted for it. I did not
at all undertake to justify Mexico. What I com-
plained of was, that the war had been unconstitu-
tionally made—made by the President; whereas
it could be made constitutionally only by the rep-
resentatives of the people in Congress assembled.
The whole course of the gentleman's remarks is
based on what 1 did not say.
Mr. MARTIN. I ask him whether he believes
the war to be just or unjust ?
Mr. GENTRY. Whether just or unjust, the
nation being at war, though the Constitution has
been violated, that violation will be neither re-
paired nor redressed by fading to sustain the arms
of the United States, and by adding to the disgrace
of a violated Constitution that of a defeated army.
I prefer victories to defeats so long as the Ameri-
can army is in the field under the flag of our coun-
try. It is the duty of the representatives of the
people to redress the violation of the Constitution.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1846.
Mr. MARTIN. I ask him, does he believe the
war to be just or unjust? and I demand a categori-
cal answer; I don't ask for a speech. My col-
league remains silent. I would be 
Mr. GENTRY. I say again that whenever the
question comes up here, or if it had come up here
and been presented in such circumstances as to
enable members of this House to express an opin-
ion on its merits, I would be prepared to say
whether the war is just or unjust. I believe just
and sufficient cause existed for a war with Mexico
for years, if the Government had chosen to avail
itself of them.
Mr. MARTIN. I cannot yield the floor for a
speech. I want a categorical answer.
Mr. GENTRY. You have your answer.
Mr. MARTIN. I repeat the interrogatory:
Does the gentleman believe the war to be just or
unjust ?
Mr. GENTRY. I do not believe that it has
been constitutionally made.
Mr.MARTIN. Isitjustorunjust' [Alaugh.]
Mr. GENTRY. I admit that Mexico commit-
ted many acts which would have justified this na-
tion in making war. [Laughter.] But this is not
a war constitutionally made.
Mr. MARTIN. Will you answer the ques-
tion ?
Mr. GENTRY. It depends on the facts.
Mr. MARTIN. Ah! What are they? My
colleague refuses to give a categorical answer to a
plain categorical question. I wiil give the answer.
It stands recorded in his vote; it stands recorded
in that list of yeas and nays; it stands thus: " I
believe that this war was brought on by the act of
the republic of Mexico ! Meredith P. Gentry,
of the State of Tennessee!" And yet my col-
league refused to answer here to-day ! But his
answer is on your record; and though he may
again and again exclaim, " Out, damned spot,"
yet there it will ever stare him in the face, and
haunt him like the ghost of Banquo !
A voice: The ghost of Bancroft! [Laughter.]
Mr. MARTIN. The gentleman is mistaken—
not the ghost of Bancroft, this time. [Laughter.]
I thought that the spirit of the brave Tennesseean
would not have shrunk from giving an answer
to the inquiry. But it is for this House to deter-
mine whether my colleaguo has marched up to the
scratch. It is for them to say which leg is out. I
think the Mexican leg is out1 [Laughter.] But
I tell the gentleman I believe Tennessee will make
him answer that question.
Mr. GENTRY. I am always ready to answer
those who have the right to catechise.
Mr. MARTIN. I beg to say that it has been
with the best feelings, and in accordance, with the
courtesies of this House, that I have catechised my
colleague. But in silence has he remained. Ye
Gods! Be ready with your thunderbolts, and
strike the representative—the Tennessee represen-
tative, who is obstinately dumb'
Mr. GENTRY here made a remark which was
lost in the laughter elicited by his colleague's ani-
mated apostrophe. _ _
Mr. MARTIN. I have spoken in all kindness
to my colleague, and I beg leave here to repeat,
that for him I entertain the most friendly feeling.
But I must tell my constituents that the gentleman
accused the President of making the people believe
a Ire which he himself had endorsed. I assure
him I use the word "in a scriptural sense!"
[Laughter.] I hope that he will seek forgiveness
of Tennessee, and first convince them that that war
for which he voted is just.
Mr. GENTRY. I' seek no forgiveness.
Mr. MARTIN. Then I can only say that the
gentleman comes under that melancholy descrip-
tion of the Scripture, " given over to hardness of
heart." [Laughter.] I have no doubt that my col-
league, when he comes to his cool and sober
senses, as he is in the habit of quoting Scripture—
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARTIN. Let me add one remark.
["Order!" "Order!"] Well, then, (continued
Mr. M. as he reluctantly approached his seat,) I
can'only say that I expect one day to find my eol-
New Sekies No. 5,
! league sitting on the top of some high mountain in
j Williamstown, crying out "Oh ! that my head
!' were a fountain of tears, and that my eyes would
| ' run rivers of waters, that I might wash atfavmy
I ' transgressions !" [Loud laughter.]
; Mr."GARRETT DAVIS addressed the eom-
I mittee as follows:
I In every Government, he said, there were two
I spirits in existence: the one the spirit of despotism,
| the other that of popular freedom. In the organi-
| zation of all Governments, it is necessary to con-
! centrate power in the hands of some officer; and
: when this power is of an executive character, and
is concentrated in a class of individuals, or in a
single individual, it is a very'common occurrence
for such individual or individuals to fancy that
they are elevated to a position above all question,
above all examination, above all scrutiny, as to the
: movements in which and for which they exercise
I their official power.
; Mr. Chairman, when Brutus met old Augustus
at Philippi, Augustus and his myrmidons thought
i that Brutus was guilty of treason. When Charles
i I. usurped the power of levying ship-money, and
J the patriot Hampden resisted this usurpation of
I power, Charles and his servile adherents denounced
t Hampden as guilty of treason. In a later day,
j when the mother country, in its imperial power,
j was about to oppress the colonies, and Patrick
Henry, in the then colony of Virginia, raised his
voice in resistance to those aggressions, and warn-
ed George III. and his adherents that Caesar had
found his Brutus and Gharles his Cromwell,
these myrmidons of despotic power rose and cried,
"Treason! treason! treason!" It seems to me,
Mr. Chairman, that some gentlemen are imbued
with the same spirit of servile truckling to power in
this our age and our country. Why,Mr. Chairman,
we are told by gentlemen, if we dare to investigate
the conduct of the President of the United States
in relation to the beginning of this war, that we
are guilty ofsmoral treason.
Sir, this question has two aspects: one foreign,
and the other domestic.
In relation to its foreign aspect, it has no inter-
est, no importance whatever to the people of the
United States. What is the conflict of arms with
Mexico and the United States ? Of what interest,
of what moment, of what importance, is it to the
people of the United States? Why, sir, Mexico
is but a fly on the bull's horn. We have now over-
run one-half of that country; the difficulty is, not
to vanquish her, but to find her forces in the field
with which to combat, and the greatest difficulty
with which this nation will have to contend will
be, how to call off its victorious soldiers from this
more than half vanquished nation.
But the question which rises infinitely in impor-
tance before the'fieople of the United States in ref-
erence to this war, and in comparison with which
a war with Mexico and England would not bear
one hundredth part the importance, is this: How
was this war begun ? Was it begun by the Con-
gress oftlieUnited States—the constitutional depos-
itory of the war-making power? Or was it begun
by the Executive, usurping this power? Sir, I
appeal to you, and I appeal to every gentleman
here, if it is not the duty of every man on this
floor, Whig or Democrat, to march up to the in-
vestigation of this question, and to examine and
decide it in sober seriousness and truth. If this
question is, by the truth of the case, to be detided
m the affirmative, I ask if it is not of infinitely
more importance to the present and future welfare
of this country and to the liberties of this people,
that we should rebuke and condemn, and agree to
punish, the usurper of this power, than that we
should vanquish Mexico a hundred times over'
Sir, there are different kinds of treason. There
is treason to the Constitution of our country; there
is treason to the liberty which we inherited from
our fathers; there is treason in folding our arms
and making ourselves the willing instruments, or
even the unwilling instruments, of the violation of
the sacred charterofour liberties, and theusurpation
by the President of unconstitutional power. The
man who raises his voice for the purpose of deter-
