66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
ring others from such an investigation as this, under
the cry that he is holding out " aid and comfort"
to the enemy, is himself far more of a traitor than
the man whom he condemns.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kennedy] says that although the President
is not a Hercules, he will put him in the arena to
vindicate himself against all the opposition that has
been made. Well, 1 have heard of the prowess of
the present Chief Magistrate being sung from the
same State, in which it was said that President Polk
had planned and conducted the battles of Palo Alto,
Resaca de la Palma, and Monterey, and had de-
served more credit for the brilliant succcss of our
arms in them than even General Taylor himself.
Here comes forward the gentleman from Indiana—
and he was followed yesterday by the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Jones]—and avows that he
who, on this Ifoor, or anywhere else, dares to ques-
tion the immaculate purity, the consummate wis- jj
dom,and the self-sacrificing patriotism of the official j
acts of James K. Polk, in this matter of the Mexi- ;j
can war, is guilty of moral treason. Why, Mr. n
Chairman, has it come to this? The gentleman jj
from Indiana magnifies the prowess and the wis- il
dom of James K. Polk immeasurably. The ques- jj
tion was asked by the gentleman from Indiana the i|
other day, (t who is James K. Polk?" Why, if :[
the gentleman from Indiana, or the gentleman from j i
Georgia, were to answer, yon would have him rep- i«
resented as some Alexander the Great, or Timour !
the Tartar—some character so elevated in mind 1
and distinguished by patriotism and public service, \
that it was treason to question the infallibility of ;
this President! Do gentlemen expect by such j
denunciations, to stifle the voice of free discussion
in this Hall? If so,'they will find themselves grossly j
mistaken. j
Sir, this nation now presents a most eXtraordi- j
nary spectacle. Every man—Whig or Democrat I
—will concede that the war-making power is vested '
by the Constitution m the Congress of the United !
States. The grave charge of the Whig party—a ;
charge which is believed by a majority of the peo- '
pie of this nation, and by a majority of the people !
who are engaged in battling for their counUy, too !
—is, that the President of the United States began i
this war. That is the charge. Why, at the last j
session of Congress, I introduced a resolution ask- !
ing the President to communicate to the House j
the transactions in connexion with this war that |
were then taking place on the Rio Grande, and ;
his friends, the Democrats on this floor, voted j
down this resolution, and stifled all inquiry. By
the public prints we are informed that a regiment 1
of armed emigrants is about to be enlisted, to go )
into service on a distant theatre. A resolution is i
introduced (at the last session of Congress) to j
make an inquiry as to the object of raising this
body of men; whether they are raised as soldiers i
or armed emigrants; and to what country they are 1
destined; and the friends of the President come ,
foi ward, stifle this inquiry, and vote down this!;
resolution. Weil, at the present session of Con- !
gress, a resolution is offered, asking the President ,j
of the United States, to what purpose and to what
extent are you prosecuting this war? Is it for the :|
purpose of conquest? -To what extent of conquest j:
are you driving this war? These are questions !j
which this House has a right to propound, and to |
which they have a right to an answer from the!'
President. Yet his friends come forward and vote
down this inquiry also. Now, the President ofij
the United States is the commander-in-chief of our i1
armies. The gentleman from South Carolina'!
stated his functions and his duties with great pre- li
cision and force; and the true position which he
stared with so much clearness, leads inevitably to j|
a condemnation of the course of the President''
himself, and of his deputies acting in California ''
and Mexico, and condemns the course of the ^en- i
tleman himself, 1 think, and of his friends on "this |j
floor. |j
Mr. Chairman, the Psesident of the United I1
States has no power that does not spring out of j|
the Constitution as commandcr-in-chief of the '1
army of the United States; he has no power for
the^warrant of which he is not to throw himself jj
bacK upon the Constitution. No military officer '{
or naval officer of the United States of America I1
has any power, or can exercise any functions, in !i
the performance of his duties, but what is to be !l
derived from this original source of all power—the ji
Constitution of the United States. We do not
give an indefinite extension of power to the Presi-
dent; we define his power, and we define it within
the limits of a few general principles; and for the
execution of this power, so much of national law
as is necessary to enable him to execute the func-
tions of his office is adopted by the Constitution,
and no more.
Well, now, Mr. Chairman, the President of the
United States, in waging this war, as our com-
mander-in-chief—what character of office does he
fill, and what character of functions is he to exer-
cise ? Exclusively military. And the power of
sovereignty which is to be exercised by the victo-
rious nation over conquered territory is not to be
exercised by the conqueror who gains the victory
at all, but by the Legislature—the representatives !
of the sovereignty of the people—and which is au- 1
thorized by the Constitution to wage war and make j
conquests, and to be exercised by nobody else.
But on an another occasion I will explain my
views more at large on this point.
The main question here (and which the Presi-
dent has kept out of view entirely in his message)
is this: 'For what was the present war commenced ?
And ivho began it? Now, I concede at the thresh-
old that the United States have a long list of
grievances against Mexico. If Mexico had had
a settled government, so as to have been responsi-
ble, as nations usually are by international law to
each other, I admit then that there were causes for
war which would have been sufficient forCongress,
the legitimate war-making power, to have declared
war against Mexico. But was the President of the
United States of that opinion ? If he was of that
opinion, had he the power to declare this war and
draw the sword himself? Or had he only the
power to lay our wrongs before Congress, and
recommend them as the basis of a declaration of
war? At the last session of Congress the Presi-
dent of the United States expressly, after advert-
ing to these causes and enumerating them in part,
stated that, as he had sent. a mission to Mexico to
treat for peace, during the pendency of that mission
he refrained from making a declaration of war
against Mexico, as he would have done under a
different state of the case. That was the position
of the President of the United States at the begin-
ning of the last session of Congress. Now, Mr.
Chairman, here is the admission of the President
himself, that the wrongs which he now not only
enumerates, but exaggerates, were insufficient, un-
der the circumstances of the case, to authorize him
to recommend to Congress a declaration of war.
If they were sufficient, (which he at this time
seems to think,) and he failed and omitted to re-
commend to Congress a declaration of war at that
time, for their redress, he was guilty of dereliction
of duty; and his judgment then was, and he an-
nounced it solemnly to Congress and the nation,
that under the state of the case, as it then existed,
he did not deem it sufficient cause for war. Well,
now. how did the war begin? It was not begun
by Congress. That question—one of the greatest
that can be submitted to human legislation, the
question of war and peace,1 which the sages who
framed the Constitution vested in Congress, and
in Congress alone—was not submitted by the
President of the United States to them, the proper
tribunal thus established by the Constitution. On
the 9th and 10th of May last, without the declara-
tion of Congress—without the avowal of the war-
making power that such a state of relations should
exist between Mexico and this country'—the war
commenced. The material question now is, hoio
did the war commence? and who commenced it?
And I ask the attention of the committee a few-
minutes to this question.
The President says in his message to Congress
at the commencement of the present session:
41 But Mexico herself has never placed the war which she
has \v!\?ed, upon the ground that our army occupied the in-
termediate ten itoiv between the Nnecfr- and the RioGiande.
FIftr refuted pretension that Texas wa«i not m fact mi inde-
pendent State, but a jebeihon* piovince, ww ob>tj>nireJy
porseveied in ; and her avowed puipose in commencing a
war with Hie United States, was to lcconquer Texas and to
restore Mexican authority over ihe whole temtoiy—not to
the Nueces only, but to the Sabine."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I question the truth of
that proposition; I did question it at the last ses-
sion; many people do; and further,-the President
sends to us a message denouncing us in terms as
traitors ! When the President of the United States
holds that language to free Representatives in Con-
gress, what right has he or his friends to come
here and ask members of Congress to preserve the
courtesy of official relations with him?
• But let us examine this matter for a moment.
The President during the last year was endeavor-
ing to negotiate a treaty with the Government of
Mexico under the Presidency of Paredes. Pa-
redes was then in power: he represented the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, and the President recognised
him as such by sending an ambassador of peace to
him, endeavoring to negotiate that treaty. Now,
Mr. Chairman, what then took place? At the time
that James K. Polk, the President of the United
States,-was professing amity and friendship with
Mexico, and endeavoring to induce that Govern-
ment to negotiations, he was holding confidential
communications with a conspirator who was en-
deavoring to over throw that Government! Now,
if the President of the United States has personally
evinced an inclination for such a work as this, I
protest in the name of my constituency against his
compromising the honor of the Government of his
country, and polluting the fair fame of the United
States, by involving them in the infamy of a dou-
ble-handed dealing like this. When before did
ever a President of the United States confess, and
confess to the world, m an official communication
to Congress, that at the time he was professing
friendship to a Power we were then at peace with;
that at that time he was endeavoring to get their
President, by all manner of means, by persuasion,
by coercion, to enter into the negotiation of a
treaty,—when did the President of the United States
say that at the same time he was leagued with a
conspirator to overthrow that Government to which
he was thus professing friendship ? And what
sort of an ally was he choosing ? Santa Ana, one
of the bloodiest and most perfidious monsters of
the age—the author of that long, dark catalogue
of wrongs which the President recites against
Mexico; the monster who perpetrated the out-
rages in Texas at the Alamo, and in other bloody
and barbarous conflicts? The President of the
United States enters into a league with him—a se-
cret league with him, for the purpose of overthrow-
ing a friendly Government; and he comes forth
now before Congress and the nation and admits *
that such were the relations with himself and
Santa Ana—that at the time he was holding out
the olive-branch to Paredes, he had his dark emis-
saries hovering around Havana, stealthily confer-
ring with the captivc of Havana, and concocting
treason with him against the Government of his
country ! The President admits this, Mr. Chair-
man, and asks the Congress of the United States
to lend its sanction to this dark transaction !
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word on this question
of treason. " Evil be to him who evil thinks."
What is treason against the United States ?
[Mr. D. read from the Constitution: " Treason
' against the United States shall consist only in
i waging war against them, or in adhering xo their
' enemies, giving them aid and comfort," and from
some judicial exposition of this article.]
_ Mr. TIBBATTS here interposed to put a ques-
tion to his colleague-, but
Mr. DAVIS declined to give way, on account
of the shortness of the hour.
Well, now, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. D.,) the
President of the United States has told us he gave
orders to Commodore Conner, and to our other
naval commanders, to allow Santa Ana a free
transit from Havana to Mexico. What is trea-
son? It is an adherence to our enemies. What is
adherence to our enemies ? Itis sending them men
and money. Commodore Conner was in com-
mand of this squadron: suppose that without in-
structions from the President of the United States
he had admitted Santa Ana and his fleet to have
passed into Mexico. By the law of nations, every
citizen of the country with whom we are at war
is an enemy to every citizen of our country.
Here, then, are Santa Ana and Almonte, the ablest
men of all the Mcxican republic, banished from
its bounds, and by it the people of Mexico de-
prived of their skill, their courage, their genius in
war—-that confidence that could unite them in for-
midable combination against the United States—
and behold the President of the United States,
while we are engaged in war with Mexico, in se-
cret league with them, and holding out facilities
for their return to their own country! Suppose
Commodore Conner, without instruction from the
President of the United States, had admitted these
men—suppose the gallant Morris, who fell by a
