68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Dec. 23;
quest, might "be taken possession of," and be
occupied by our armed forces—rights necessarily
resulting from a state of war, and clearly recog-
nised by the laws of nations. This was all the
authority which could be delegated to our military
and naval commanders, and itsexercise was indis-
pensable to the secure occupation and possession
of territory of the enemy which might be con-
quered. The regulations authorized were tem-
porary and dependant on the rights acquired by
conquest. They were authorized as belligerant
rights, and were to be carried into effect by mili-
tary or naval officers. They were but the ameli-
oration of martial law, which modern civilization
requires, and were due as well to the security of
the conquest as to the inhabitants of the conquered
territory.
The documents communicated also contain the
reports of several highly meritorious officers of
our army and navy, who have conquered and
taken possession of portions of the enemy's teni-
tory.
Among the documents accompanying the report
of the Secretary of War, will be found a " form
of government," " established and organized" by
the military commander who conquered and occu-
pied, with his forces, the territory of New Mexico.
This document was received at the War Depart-
ment in the latter part of the last month, and, as
will be perceived by the report of the Secretary of
War, was not, for the reasons stated by that officer,
brought to my notice until after my annual message
of the 8th instant was communicated to Congress.
It is declared on its facc to be a " temporary gov-
ernment of the said territory;" but there are por-
tions of it which purport to " establish and orga-
nize'' a permanent territorial government of the
United States over the territory, and to impart to
its inhabitants political rights which, under the
Constitution of thr  United States, can be enjoyed
permanently only by citizens of the United States.
These have not been "approved and recognised"
by me. Such organized regulations as have been
established in any of the conquered territories, for
the security of our conquests, for the preservation
of order, for the protection of the rights of the
inhabitants, and for depriving the enemy of the
advantages of these territories while the military
possession of them by the forces of the United
States continues, will be recognised and approved.
It will be apparent from the reports of the officers
who have been required by the success which has
crowned their arms to exercise the powers of tem-
porary government over the conquered territories,
that, if any excess of power has been exercised,
the departure has been the offspring of a patriotic
desire to give to the inhabitants the privileges and
immunities so cherished by the people of our own
country, and which they believe calculated to im-
prove their condition and promote their prospeiity.
Any such exccss has resulted in no practical inju-
ry, but can and will be early corrected in a manner
to alienate as little as possible the good feelings of
the inhabitants of the conquered territory.
JAMES K. POLK.
The message and accompanying documents were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to he printed.
The House then adjourned.
bis wife, heir of the !ate William Brodfoot, merchant of
Chaileslon, South Carolina, praymgfor relief for spoliations
committed by the French prior to 3800.
By Mi. SIMS, of South Carolina: A petition of many
citizens of Darlington, South Carolina, for a post route and
post office. - , ,
By Mr. CARROLL: The petition of Charles Shepard and
others, in favor of granting interest or commutation pay to
Major Moses Van Covvper.
By Mr. LAWRENCE: A petition from masters'and
owners of steamboats and other vessels navigating the
North river, for a light-honsf on Theller's Point, Westches-
- ter county, New York. *
By Mr. SEAMAN: The petition of John R. Townsend
and C. Bolton and others, for indemnity for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1800.
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of Alexander D. Peck, j
praying for confirmation of a tract of land in the parish of \
Moichouse, Louisiana. I
By Mr. SEABORN JONES: A petition of the citizens of |
Lanier, Macon county, Georgia, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail loute.
By Mr. BELL: The petition of Fielding Pratt, prajing a
pension on account ofinjuries leceived in the serviceofthe
United Sntec dutmg the late war with Great Britain.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition ofMott Wilkinson for an
increase of pension.
By Mr. GORDON: The petition of Sally Gregory for a
pension.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
members of the Faculty of Williams College, that the priv-
ilege hitherto enjoyed by public institutions of impoiting
books and philosophical instruments fiee of duty may be
restored.
Bv Mr. SCAMMON: The petition of Eliz. H. Thatcher,
of Saco, Maine, praying the passage of a bill of indemnity
for French spoliation* prior to 1800.
By Mr "ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: The petition of
Nathaniel Gilbert, executor of the estate of George Gilbert,
praving compensation for losses sustained by spoliations by
the Fiench pnoi to 1800. Al«o, the petition of John Dun-
ham, an heir of the estate of Daniel Dunham, and Patiick
Fanning, an heir to ihc estate of John Thurston, praying
compensation for losses sustained by spoliations by the
French pnor to 1800.
Bv Mr. PENDLF/PON: The petition of R. T. J. Wilson,
praying indemnity for French spoliations piioi to 1800. Also,
the'pctilion of N. Wattles, on the same subject. Also, the
petition ofthe hens of Lieutenant Apollos Cooper, an officer
of the Revolution.
By Mr. THOMASSON: The petition of the heirs of Lieu-
tenant John Wallace, deceased, asking commutation pay
for revolutionary services.
By Mr. CHAPMAN, ofMaryland: The memorial of Mrs.
Nancy Denow, for military bounty land, on account of the
services of Francis Popham, in the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of the administrator
ofthe estate of George Brent, deceased, praying for commu-
tation pay and pension due said estate.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of ChesterPar-
rish , for art ears of pension.
Bv Mr. McCLE \N: The memorial and accompanying
documents of John R. TCdie and sister, sole iepre=entatives
of Lieutenant John Edie, an otficer of the war of the Revo-
lution, for the one year's pay and interest under the resolu-
tion of Congress of November 24, 1778, Also, the memorial
and accompany inc documents of the heirs ofCaptain Barnet
EichNbeiger, of Colonel Hartley's regiment, for arr^aiagps i
of pav and interest due under resolution of Congress of No- I
vembei 24,1*78, ami al?o for bounty land. j
Bv Mr. R. SMITH : The papers of Uriah Brown, relnting '
to his invention of a fire-ship. Also, the petition and papers i
of Lucy OT3iyon. j
be instructed to make inquiry into the suitableness
of iron as a material of construction for vessels of
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred, under the rule:
By Mr. CONSTABLE: Tile petition of John Spear Smith,
representative ofthe late Genera! Samuel Smith, ofthe city
ol Baltimore, asking indemnity for Fiench spoliations prior
to 1800.
By Mi. WINTHROP : The petition of A. A. Lincoln and
many other foundeis of metal, for a provision to protect
their patterns.
By Mr. JAS. B. HUNT: Memorial of Benjamin Loomis
for an invalid pension. Also, memorial of John Sample for
claims for sei vices in the lust war.
By Mr. TIBBATTS : Two petitions of the citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying lor the passage of a law to guard
again&t steamboat explosions. Also, rive petitions of the
citizens of Louisiana of the same nnpoit. Also, a memorial
ofthe citizens ofthe States of Ohio and Kentucky, piaying
lor an appropriation of one million of dollars annually foi
the improvement of the western livers. Also, document?
relating to the improvement ofthe harbor at Cincinnati.
By Mr. PRESTON KIM*: The petition of EhshaDeni-
son, administiator of Felix Caipentcr Ellis, for a law to
authorize the paymentof the pension of said Ellis due iri his
lifetime. Also, to refer from the files of the Cleik the peti-
tion and papers of Iia Baldwin.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The memorial of James W. Sim-
mons, of Houston, Texas, in behalf of B. Louisa Simmons,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December S3, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. I
Air. DIX presented the petition of ship-owners j
and merchants of the city of New York, praying |
an amendment of the law authorizing legal pro- i
ceedings for the collection of seamen's wages; !
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi- j
j ciary. j
| Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of:
] Cornelius P. Van Ness, praying the payment of!
1 his proportion of a forfeiture incurred by the ille- j
I £nl importation of certain goods into the district of i
I Vermont, while he was collector for that district; !
i which was referred to the Committee on the Judi- 1
Resolved further. That the same committee be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the construction and repairs of all ves-
sels required for the use of the navy of the United
States by contract.
Mr. DICKINSON (on leave) introduced a bill
in relation to the district courts of the United States
in the State of New York; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BREESE (on leave) introduced a bill to
organize a Territorial government in the Oregon
territory, and for other purposes; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEMPLE, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to provide for comple-
ting the Cumberland road in, and ceding the same
to, the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Mis-
souri; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill declaring
the assent of Congress to certain States to impose
a tax upon all lands hereafter sold by the United
States therein, from and after the day of such sale,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to create the
office of surveyor general of public lands in the
territory of Oregon, and to grant donation rights
to settlers therein, and for other purposes, reported
the same with amendments.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom the subject was referred, reported a bill to
repeal the act of 2d March, 1837, entitled <c An act
concerning pilots;" which was read and passed to
the second leading.
Mr. YULEE (on leave) introduced a bill for the
relief of Fernando Fillany; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEMPLE, from the Committe^ on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of John Rice Jones, deceased;
i which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Keene; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. SEMPLE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Crocker Sampson, deceased;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Douglass, late United States attorney for East
Florida; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Richard S.
Coxe; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill from
the House for the relief of Julius Eldred, Elisha
Eldred, and Francis E. Eldred, for expenses and
services in removing the copper rock from Lake
Superior, reported the same without amendment.
it MAP OF FLORIDA.
Mr. ATIIERTON, from the Committee on
SI Printing, to whom was referred the resolution sub-
'] milled by Mr. Yulee, on the 17th instant, foren-
jl graving a map of Florida, reported in favor ofthe
i' engraving thereof.
!! The question being on the adoption of the re-
ij port—
. . j i • , - T Mr. BENTON inquired on what scale it was
Mi\ ARCHER presented the memorial of Jo- :| designed to print this map. Unless the scale of
all ^./-(lotrin nrainno th.it thf arc i u I ri 11 no* i ■ l 1 *i 1 i t *1,1
inches to the mile were first determined, the ex-
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of citizens
of Mercer county, Missouri, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Tully to St. Joseph,
in that State; which wTas referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads
siali Colston, praying that the accounting officers
of the treasuiy may be directed to allow certain
items suspended by them in the settlement of his
accounts as a purser in the navy: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Several petitions on the files of the Senate were,
on leave being asked and obtained, withdrawn and
referred to the appropriate committees.
| pense of such a work might be enormous. The
i map as prepared, was evidently on too large a
! scale to be printed; the Senate had therefore better
; fix the scale preliminarily.
■ Mr. ATIIERTON had supposed that the ques-
i tion of engraving, the scale and the price, would
' come under the supervision of the Committee on
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu- \\ the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, and that
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con- :| the only question for the committee of which he
sent, and agreed to: 1 was chairman, was as to the propriety of printing
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs :i at all any map or memorial that might be referred
