1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
-   v—
nays had'even been demanded in this matter. This
would throw upon him the awful responsibility of
voting upon it—of voting upon a question of print-
ing a memorial! He hardly knew how to act un-
der such a responsibility. He always liked the
(Quakers, but he liked the fighting Quakers best.
In the war of the Revolution, there was a distin-
guished Q,uaker of the name of Greene; and in the
war of 1812, one of the name of Brown. He was
the friend of the Quakers; and he liked them also
because they were the friends of peace, and because
they never entered into political contests, or fa-
vored party interests to further their own purposes.
They belonged not to any party; they were not a
war party in time of peace, nor a peace party, poli-
tically speaking, in time of war; they were always
the same—always for pec.ce. They now asked to
be heard. He was willing that they should be
heard. He could see no very great objection to
printing their memorial; and, notwithstanding the
weighty responsibility of giving a vote upon so
momentous a question, he had come to the conclu-
sion to vote in favor of printing.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Barrow, Berrien, John
M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, (Jorwui, CnttPiidcn, Davis,
Evans, Greene, Jarnagii), Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson
of Maryland, Mangum, Morehead, Niles, Phelps, Simmons,
Upliam, and Woodbndge—21.
NAYS—Messrs. All^n, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Buti'T, Cass, Chalmers, Dick-
inson, Dix, Houston, Lewis, Semple,Seviei, Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, Westcott, and Yulee—21.
The PRESIDENT announced the result thus:
Yeas 21, nays 21—the Presiding Officer votes in the
negative.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. MANGUM then moved that the leport do
lie on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE gave notice of a bill making a
donation of land to Indiana and Illinois, to improve
the navigation of the Wabash river.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Senate went
into executive session; and, after a few minutes
spent therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 23, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN, on leave, introduced bills
of the following titles:
A bill establishing the Territorial government of
Minesota; which was read twice and referred to
the Committee on the Territories;
A bill to create an additional land district in the
Territory of Wisconsin; which was twice read and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
A bill to amend the act entitled 11 An act to grant
a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin
for the purpose of aiding in opening a canal to con-
nect the wafers of Lake Michigan with those of
Rock river;" which was twice read and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into and re-
port to this House at the earliest practicable period
the expediency and necessity of reporting tne bill
(No. 531) passed at the last session by this House,
and lost in the Senate for want of time, " to estab-
lish certain post routes."
Mr. DOUGrLASS, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill to establish a Territorial
government in Oregon; which was twice read and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special order of
the day for Tuesday, the 5th of January next.
Mr. McCLELLAND introduced (tfy leave) bills
of the following titles, of which previous notice had
been given:
A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain rivers and harbors. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
A bill to establish a new land district in the north-
em part of Michigan, and to provide for the sale
of the mineral lands in the State of Michigan and
Territory of Wisconsin. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill for the settlement of the claim of John R.
Williams. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL moved to
suspend the rules for one hour, for the purpose of
receiving reports from committees.
Two-thirds not voting therefor, the rules were
not suspended.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the series of resolutions apportioning and referring
the President's message to the various standing
^Mr^WASHINGTON HUNT (and not Mr.
Gordon, as, in accordance with a general, but erro-
neous impression, was stated yesterday) was enti-
tled to the floor; but yielded to
Mr. TIBBATTS, to enable him to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the second resolution of the
series:
Resolve.i, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the expediency of providing by law for the payment of ,
thiee months' additional pay and the gianting of one hun-
dred and sixty aeitis of land to each non-commissioned offi-
cer, musician, and puvate, both legulars and volunteers,
wno has been or now is engaged in the war with Mexico,
and who has received or shall leceive an honoiable dis-
charge.
Also, into the expediency of allowing a bounty of $15 and
the addition of three montiis' pay and the giantingol three
hundred and twenty acres of land to each rion-commis-
sioiied ofheer, musician, and private, who has enlisted or
volunteered, or shall enlist or volunteer, to serve foi and
during the existing war, and who shall obtain an honorable
discharge.
Also, into the expediency of allowing an additional bounty
of one year's half-pav to each non-comnnssioncd officer,
musician, and pnvate, who ha-? enlisted and seived a regu-
lai term of enlistment, or who has volunteered for twelve
months, and served for that period, and who has received
an honorable discharge, who «hall within one month after
such discharge again enlist or volunteer to serve for and dun rig
the existing war—one-half of said bounty to be paid at the
time such soldier shall enlist, or such volunteer shall be
mustered into serviec, and the other half when such enlisted
soldier or volunteer shall receive an honoiable discharge.
Also, into the expediency of making further provision by
law for the granting of pen&ions to &uuh officers, non-com-
missioned oJiiceis, musician*, and privates, both resrulais
and volunteers, on account ol wounds and disabilities le-
ceiv«jd in the service, and the giantmg of land and pensions
to the families of those who have died or bewn killed, or may
die or be killed in the seivice.
Al^o, into the expediency of hunting the expenditure of
all appropriations to he hereafter made in support of the i sl-
itting war with Mexico, to the blockading the pmt< of that
republic, and the defending and holding the possession of
the towns, cities, and provinces theieof, now in the posses-
sion of our forces, until the termination of the war.
Also into the expediency of providing by law for the
armed occupation and settlement by citizens of the United
States of the territories of the republic of Mexico now in
the possession of our forces, and of extending over the same
the laws of the United States, unless the authorities of the
Government of Mexico make overtures of peace, or enter
into negotiations for peace, on or before the first August
1847.
Mr. HOPKINS said the amendment could not
be in order, save in the House. One committee
could not refer a subject to another committee.
Mr. TIBBATTS thought the resolution, if of-
fered now, might be reported to the House by the
Committee of the Whole, and the House could
order the reference.
Mr. HOPKINS persisted in his objection.
The CHAIR decided the resolution to be out
of order. It was not, therefore, entertained.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, commenced by ob-
serving that the debate thus far had been confined
to the°events which led to the war; it would be his
endeavor strictly to abstain from any discussion of
the causes of the war. In thus abstaining, how- j
ever, he wished it distinctly understood that he
was not deterred, and should not be, either here or
elsewhere, by the anathemas which had been offi-
cially hurled against all who might deem it their
duty to inquire into the justice or the objects of'
this war, from the fullest and freest expression of |
his own opinions on the whole subjcct, or any part ;
of it. The doctrine that free discussion was not to I
be indulged in Congress, on either the justice or
the expediency of war with a foreign nation, was
one of the most despotic that ever had been broach-
ed in a free country. Such a sentiment belonged
to other times, and to other regions of the globe.
It was wholly unsuited to the genius of our insti-
tutions, or to the spirit of the people who were rep-
resented on that floor.
Mr. H. went on to observe that the proper func-
tions and duties of Congress, in relation to ques-
tions of peace and war, seemed to have been greatly
misapprehended by those who maintained that
questions of that kind, when once war had been
declared, were not to be freely discussed there.
What was the legitimate, the proper office of Con-
gress? By the Constitution, the war-power had
been intrusted to it, absolutely and exclusively.
It was the prerogative of Congress to declare war,
as well as to furnish the means of carrying it on.
The representatives of the people, and they alone,
were to determine when the nation should go to,
war, and to what extent it should be carried on.
The opposite doctrine went to deprive the body of
one of its greatest and most momentous trusts.
It was certainly true, that if the present contest
was a war merely of defence, there would be in the*
nation and in that House, probably, but one will
in regard to it. Our little contests with each other
would all be at an end, and we should all stand and
act as one man to devise measures of effectual re-
sistance. In that case, indeed, there might be
more propriety in the doctrine now advocated.
But the case was different. We were not-en-
gaged in a war of defence against invasion from a
powerful and formidable nation. On the contrary,
it was a war in which our brave troops had borne
their victorious standards into the very vitals of
our enemy's country. A nation of more than
twenty millions of people was engaged in a contest
with a neighboring country, containing but eight
millions. It was an unequal contest, and one
altogether derogatory to the spirit of our people
and of their institutions. Surely, those who were
! the most zealous 'in behalf of the national honor
should not desire that Congress might not be al-
lowed the liberty of free discussion on the subject
of the war, lest it should afford aid and comfort to
so feeble and unequal a foe. Such an anxiety
seemed to imply that we were under some dread
of a feeble adversary.
The events which had produced -the war were
well known to the country. They had been be-
fore the minds of the American people for months
past, and their opinion was pretty well made up
as to the occasion and the necessity for the crin-
j test. In many parts of the Union, their judg-
• ment had been already pronounced, and it was the
settled opinion of a great majority of the nation
that the war might have been honorably avoided.
In the Executive message, which had been re-
ferred to as such a triumphant document, Mr. H.
had. seen nothing which was not very generally
known months ago; which had, indeed, been, most
of it, presented to Congress at its last session, and
which had now passed to the page of history; so
that, but for its bearing on our future course, it
would be idle to discuss it at all. In all the able
defences here made for the Executive, Mr. H. was
not aware that any gentleman had yet said, and he
did not believe that any one would ever say, that
the war could not have been avoided in a manner
entirely honorable. Did any man believe, if the
President, before ordering his army to advance to
the left bank of the Rio Grande and point their
guns at the city of Matamoros, had submitted the
propriety of doing so to this body, that a majority
of either House would have authorized such a
proceeding? It was well known to all, that had
he done this, the measure would have been rejected
! by a large majority—nay, almost unanimously,
i in both branches.
| But Mr. H. would not dwell upon the past—it
j could not now be recalled; but the future was more
within our power. There was nothing in the re-
| trospect but the bravery of our troops and the
glory of our flag which could gratify the pride of
| an American; nothing that was not rather calcula-
! ted to shake confidence in the justice and wisdom
I of human governments.
j He proposed briefly to examine the state of af-
; fairs at this hour, aud then" to inquire into the
! duties of Congress which grew out of it.
i The material inquiry to which Mr. H. should
! direct himself to the responsible majority of the
! House was this: To what purpose was this war to
i be carried on, and to what extent? That was a
j question which had been very emphatically put by
! the people; and, as those who must, after all, bear
ij the chief burdens and calamities of the war, they
! had a right to know. Mr. H. demanded, in their
ij name, what was the purpose, and what were to be
i', the consequences of the present contest? He felt
1 more anxious about the future than the present,
j He wanted to know what was the scope, the aim,
| the ultimate intention and prospect of those who
' conducted the war? What were to be its results,
| whether for good or evil ? And would they be such
as the American people are prepared to sanction.'
