72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
It was not to be disguised that a large share of
the repugnance felt on the subject arose from the
idea that it was a war for the acquisition of terri-
tory—a war of conquest. The House had been
told, to be sure, by the President, that it was not
undertaken for conquest; and, in his message of
May last he had declared that it was carried on for
the purpose of " conquering a peace," and obtain-
ing an honorable adjustment of all our difficulties
with Mexico. But there were other indications
to which it was impossible they should close their
eyes, which went to show that it was in truth a war
for territory, and was so to result, if the views of
the Executive should prevail.
It had been said by a gentleman here, in the
confidence of the Executive, [Mr. Stanton,] that
though the war was not for the purpose of acqui-
ring territory, yet that such a result would be a
natural and almost inevitable incident of the war,
if we intended to indemnify ourselves for the ex-
penditure to which it had given occasion. The
organ of the Government in this city was giving
out. from day to day, that we were to obtain "terri-
torial indemnity" for the cost of the war; and that
the war must never be relinquished until we had
obtained the full measure of such indemnity in
provinces wrested and to be wrested from our ad-
versary.
Though this might not be a war of conquest by
name, and it may be denied in ambiguous language
that such was the end in view, yet it must be ob-
vious to all that the result of the war was to be
conquest.
Now, Mr. H. was opposed to this. He was
opposed, under any name, to the acquisition of
Mexican territory, whether by war or by pur-
chase. He believed the great body of our people
were against enlarging the borders of the republic
in either way, and were as unwilling to take Mexi-
can provinces in the shape of indemnity as to an-
nex them in any other way.
it was said that, being now engaged in the war,
and no other form of indemnity being practicable,
we were compelled to take, in that shape, what we
would not if the question were presented on its
own merits. But those who believe that the Ameri-
can people desire to prolong the war for the pur-
pose of getting more territory, as an indemnity for
the expense of taking it, misapprehended their true
character, and had not learned that lesson from
the past which a wise statesman could hardly fail
to draw from it.
Let gentlemen look at the annexation of Texas.
It was proposed that we should receive her into
our confederacy as a voluntary act of the people
of Texas, acting in their own independent char-
acter. Tliey were, without any force or compul-
sion, but of their own mere act of free will, to
share with us in the blessings of our free and
happy Government, and a share m the legislative
power. And had gentlemen forgotten so soon the
history of all that preceded the final consumma-
tion of that act of union ; Could it be forgotten
that full one-half the people of this Union, and a
like proportion of their Representatives, had been
strongly opposed to the measure even in this fonn?
Could there have been a fair expression of the
public opinion on that mere isolated question,
apart from others with which it was purposely
mixed up and inseparably united, Mr. H. believed
the decided majority of votes would have been
against it. But it had been artfully made one of
(he elements of party contest, and thus Texas
was at length admitted.
Mr. H. acquiesced in the transaction. But it
could not but be evident to every obsei vino- man
that there exists m this country so strong a popular
sentiment against the admission of more territory,
that they were wholly mistaken who thought the
country prepared to go further and seize more by
force of arms.
On many grounds Mr. H. was opposed to a war
of acquisition, and to the notion of receiving in-
demnity for wrongs and the costs of the war, m
the shape of new territory to be annexed to this
already extended republic, and he believed that
the same feeling existed to a large extent through-
out the country.
In stating thatsuch a sentiment prevailed throug-h-
out his own State, Mr. H. believed he should be
sustained by even the political majority of her
members on this floor. AH, of whatever politics,
would, lie believed, unite m this, that the people
of tne State ol New York were against taking
more territory from Mexico under any pretext
whatever.
If any gentleman entertained the opinion that
the people of the United States were in their tem-
per so grasping and mercenary, and so fond of
exercising a wide-extended dominion that they
were ready to seize on any and all the territory
they could lay their hands upon, in order to feed
the national pride and augment the splendor of the
Government, he lenew but little of our country-
men. Tfllre was no such spirit in the breasts of
the American people. They were utterly unwil-
ling to take from Mexico or any other Power, be
she weak or be she strong, what they had no good
title to. While they never would consent to sur-
render their own rights, they would far sooner
manifest magnanimity and a generous spirit toward
others, than to take what we had ourselves no just
right to. Ready as they are to defend their own
soil, they desired none which belongs to our neigh-
bors. Gentlemen might calculate on meeting in
the popular mind with deep repugnance to these
plans of acquisition on the ground of morality and
justice, which were the distinguishing characteris-
tics of our people.
But there were other objections to war for terri-
tory: such a war went to place us in a false posi-
tion before the world, by begetting the impression
abroad that we were engaged in a war of ambition,
merely with a view to extend our boundaries as a
nation. That was a position in which no enlight-
ened American ought to seek to place his country.
Whoever had a true love of country, an enlight-
ened zeal for her honor, ought ever to remember
that that honor was identified with the justice and
the purity, not with the rapacity of our people.
Mr. H. cared not, though we might be able to add
a whole continent to our domain, our character
would suffer from the wrongful acquisition more
than from a thousand defeats. The man who was
jealous of our yielding too much should remember
under what a temptation a nation lay when suc-
cessful in war, to destroy its character by taking !
what it had no just right to. 1
But further: such a war was repugnant to the
whole genius of our institutions; it was, in fact, a
war on all the ends and all the principles of the
Federal Constitution. The vital principle of free
government, on which all legitimate government
rested, was the consent, the full and free consent,
of the governed. Now, should we succeed in get-
ting all the Mexican provinces which had been
seized on by our armies, the tendency of such an
acquisition must be the subversion of the principle
of all free institutions—a blow directed at the very
vitality of the Constitution itself—a blow from
which he feared it never would recover.
Mr. H. therefore called the attention of gentle-
men to the purposes of the Constitution. What
was the grand design of our federal compact?
What had been the benign, the genial spirit under
which our Constitution had been framed ? Its
purposes weie written in letters of living light on
the preamble to that immortal production. There j
might be found a succinct but comprehensive epit-
ome of its great and beneficent end and purpose. I
And what was it? Conquest? Was it the estab- !
lishment of a splendid government—of a vast and !
wide-spread dominion ? Was it to build up a dy- !
nasty ? To extend the republic till it covered this 1
continent? It was the reverse of all this. And
Mr. H. could not abstain from calling the atten-
tion of gentlemen to it, because, in the spirit which
seemed to prevail here and elsewhere on the sub-
ject of territory, the existence of such a Constitu-
tion as this, seemed to have been almost lost sight I
of. The objcct of the Constitution, if wc might '
believe its framers, was " to form a more perfect
' union, to establish justice, ensure domestic trail-
' quillity, provide for the common defence, promote
' the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
' liberty to ourselves and our posterity." Con- '
quest was opposed to all this. j
Mr. H., had he time, might take up these par- j
ticulars separately, and show how alien from their !
whole scope and aim was the forcible addition of ;
foreign territory. So far from " forming a more
perfect union," it could end only in discord and
disunion. The mere attempt would at once destroy
all national harmony, if it did not eventually sever
the Confederacy. So far would it be from "estab-
lishing justice," it would be the very perfection
of injustice and oppression to force our form of
government on a people not prepared for it, and in
fact incapable of it, merely because we had the
physical power to do so. " Ensure domestic tran-
quillity?" Was it not a fact, that whenever the
effort to do it should be made, it would put an end
to all harmony in our councils.
Mr. H. would not here enter on the question of
slavery; he alluded to it with the greatest reluc-
tance, and he never introduced it, however re-
motely, till it was forced upon him by the meas-
ures of the Government. It was perfectly well
known that, whenever that question was brought
into this Hall, it instantly created an excitement
the most baleful in its character and tendencies;
but, if this annexation be attempted, the question
would come up, must come up; and, when it did,
nothing short of a miracle could save us from a
conflict that would shake the Union to its deepest
foundations. A11 must recollect the rescriptive
resolution proposed at the close of the last session,
declaring that no territory should hereafter be re-
ceived into this Union in which slavery was not
prohibited forever. This passed by almost the
unanimous vote of the northern States. That dec-
laration would stand. It embodied the universal
sentiment of the North. They never would yield
it—never; and it behooved those gentlemen who
seemed disposed to urge forward the annexation
of Mexican territory, to consider well whether
they were ready to present to the people the alter-
native that must at once arise. Mr. H. had said
that resolution would stand; and he now appealed
to the northern Representatives here present, and
of all parties, and asked them, one and all, what-
ever might be their political notions or party senti-
ments, if they were willing to receive any more
territory into the Union, unless that condition was
annexed to the act and honestly enforced > And
he now turned to the body of southern Repre-
sentatives, and he inquired of them whether they
were willing and ready to force that question into
this arena? If they did, and if neither party would
yield, a collision must be forced upon us, attended
with consequences such as no friend of the Union
could desire to contemplate.
But we were told that that question must be de-
ferred: let us take the territory, and then it would
be time enough to dispute about receiving it. But
Mr. H. wholly dissented from any such postpone-
ment. Was it wise to put off the evil day ? Would
that prevent its coming? And was it wise to rush
to the brink of a precipice with our eyes wide open,
and the yawning gulf of disunion full in view ?
He conceived that they were bound, as repre-
sentatives of the people and guardians of the Con-
stitution, to declare m advance that we were not
prepared to incur such dangers, but were resolutely
determined to shun the evils prepared for us by
those who werecharged with the national destinies.
It must be admitted on all hands that when we got
the territory in our power, it was Congress who
must decide whether it should be received into the
Union or not, and on what conditions, and yet
gentlemen told us we must fight for it, and then
deliberate. No; the deliberation should be done
in advance. If it was to be done by consent of
the States, now was the time. After the sword
had decided, the territory might be forced upon lis
against the will of the majority of the nation.
On these grounds, as well as others, which there
was not time to mention, Mr. H. maintained that
it was the duty of Congress to declare what were
the purposes and objects of the war.
We were at war under very extraordinary cir-
cumstances. The contest was now of several
months'duration, and yet no-formal declaration
had been made of the design of our Government in
its prosecution. We had heard of no manifesto.
There had been nothing but dark givings out, wor-
thy of the bureau of Talleyrand, and diplomatizing
with Congress, leaving every one in blank uncer-
tainty as to what was the real object. He held
that under these convictions Congress was called
on to proclaim to all the world that our object in
this contest was not to dismember Mexico, but
only to establish the true and just boundary of the
United States, and obtain a settlement of our diffi-
culties with that Government; thus removing an
impression which seemed pretty extensively made,
that our design really was to acquire territories to
which we had no just right, and of which Mexico
had always been m undisturbed possession.
It might perhaps be said that such a declaration
by Congress while war was in progress was incon-
sistent with the honor of this country and her high
