70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
It exclusively the power of making all laws which
shall be necessary and proper to carry into effect
the granted powers. And it has undoubtedly the
authority, either before a declaration of war, at the
time of the declaration, or at any time afterwards,
if it distrusts the wisdom or prudence of the com-
mander-in-chief, to prescribe the forms of civil
government in the event of conquests by our arms,
which shall be established by our commanders, and
may make all other regulations pertaining to the
matter which he may see fit. But if they declare
war, or recognise its existence without any such
legislation, I beg and inquire if they do not thereby
require the commander-in-chief to follow and obey
the usages of civilized nations ? By the very act
of providing for carrying on the war you impli-
edly require this of him. The President has done
no more than strictly to follow the law, and yet a
clamor is raised. Into what absurdity will not
partisanship lead us? The President is sworn to
execute the laws of nations. They a*e recognised
by the Constitution. He would be impeachable if
he declined to execute them. He 
Here the hour expired.
Mr. B. Did you make allowance, Mr. Chair-
man, for the interruptions ?
The CHAIRMAN. About half a minute.
Mr. STANTON next addressed the committee.
He said—
Mr. Chairman: A few remarks which I had
the honor to make to the House some days ago
were so imperfectly understood, and in some quar-
ters they have been so much misrepresented, that
I have sought the floor, at this time, in order to
conect that misunderstanding.
I desired, also, to reply to the speech of my
honorable'colleague, [Mr. Gentry,] made a week
ago, at the commencement of this debate. The
personal aspersions, cast by lhat gentleman upon
the President, have been so fully answered and
retorted upon himself, that it would be almost un-
merciful to touch that sore place again. I shall,
therefore, pass lightly over that part of my col-
league's remarks, and address myself to the argu-
ments (if arguments they may be called) which he
and othei gentlemen have attempted to make before
the committee.
The great and comprehensive charge made on
all sides is, that the existing war is an Executive
war—commenced by the President, without the
concurrence of the Ipgtslative department of the
Government, and without authority under the
Constitution. Upon this assumption are founded
those strong denunciations, and even some grave
threats, which have been profusely poured out
here since the commencement of the session.
The single fact upon which this charge rests for
support is, the order of the President directing our
army to take position on the left bank of the Rio
Grande. This is alleged to have been an unau-
thorized and unconstitutional act of war—carrying !
our arms into the enemy's territory, attacking him i
there, or at least unjustly provoking him into con- !
strained hostility. [
1 deny this charge in its length and breadth. I !
assert that the President, so far from having, in 1
any manner, or to any extent, provoked this war, '
endeavored, by all means in his power, to prevent I
it. I assert that the war wns inevitable, by the i
determination of Mexico, and was not at all mllu- [
enced by the movement of our army. I assert, !
further, that it was only after all pacific efforts*j
had absolutely failed, and the war was seen to be i
unavoidable, that the President ordered that move- >
ment of the army which is so much questioned on i
the other side of the House, but which I maintain
to have been constitutional, patriotic, and wise. j
I believe these several positions to be susceptible ■
of the clearest proof. And I proceed at once to j
the task of establishing them, by such facts and :
arguments as the history of all these transactions !
now presents to the gaze of the world. !
The President exerted all his constitutional !
power to prevent war. He held on to negotiation <
as long as there was a shadow of hope that it could !
be successful, or productive of any results what- [
ever. It is in vain to say that the President was 1
incincere in these repeated and protracted attempts I
at pacific intercourse. The assertion is without '
any foundation—it can only be the offspring of j
party malevolence. For Mexico gave him no op- i
portunity to vindicate the earnestness and sincerity
of his desire for a peaceful adjustment. She re-
pelled all our advances. Neither can it be said
that the President exacted hard or illiberal terms;
because she would listen to no proposition what-
ever. It is equally vain to argue that the Presi-
dent ought to have sent a Commissioner instead of
a Minister Plenipotentiary, for the popular move-
ments of that period must convince the mind of
everweflecting man that no Administration could
have sustained itself in Mexico after assenting to
negotiations with the United States upon any foot-
ing. It is clear that a commissioner must have
received the same treatment which our Minister
received. No matter what you might have done,
or whom you might have sent, the result must have
been the same. The bare suspicion that Herrera
was disposed to enter into negotiations was sufficient
to hurl him from power, and to bring in Paredes,
breathing fierce hostility and vengeance against the
United States. The failure of negotiation does not
lie at the door of our Government. It is baseless
and illiberal suspicion to deny the sincerity of the
President in these most forbearing efforts to restore
harmony to the two Governments. The sugges-
tion of a Commissioner instead of a Minister, was
a part of that quibbling and deceptive policy which
Mexico had repeatedly shown in our long-contin-
ued but fruitless negotiations. Experience of her
faithlessness and treachery made it manifest that
it would be worse than folly to trust her insidious
and temporizing policy any longer. She did not
even agree to receive a commissioner. The sug-
gestion was but the shallow pretext of unprinci-
pled duplicity. No, sir; contrary to her solemn
assurance, she refused to receive our Minister—
she herself cut the thread of negotiation with the
sword, and declared her determination to make
war.
I have said, war was inevitable. I have alluded
to the attempts at negotiation for tuloublc purpose:
first, to show the earnest and liberal efforts of the
President to avoid war; and further, to show, by
their fruitlessness, and some circumstances attend-
ing their termination, that war was determined
upon by the Mexican Government. I think this
determination was sufficiently manifest from the
general aspect of the questions pending between
the two Powers. Those questions were of the
utmost importance and highly complicated. No
man conversant with history and with the opera-
tion of political causes, could fail to see the tn^st
imminent danger in the state of relations existing
between the United States and Mcxico. Gross
outrages, steadily committed by Mexico against
our citizens for a long series of years, had accu-
mulated against her a debt of millions. These
j have been well described by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] whose able specch you
have just heard. They are admitted even by my
colleague [Mr. Gentry] to have constituted a just
cause of war. I do not argue that they autho-
rized the President to commence hostilities. But
Mcxico, by her evasions and constant treachery,
evinced a settled determination never to satisfy
our heavy demand, growing out of these high-
handed acts of aggression and insult. I will not
enter into particulars. I only allude to the exist-
ence of these large claims, and their position at
that time, as one of the portentous elements m
the complicated relations of the two countries.
Mexico had little ability, and far less disposition,
to satisfy those claims. She therefore seized upon
the annexation of Texas as a pretext, not only to
justify her in refusing payment of our demands,
but also to repudiate all negotiation, and thus to
shut out every possibility of an amicable adjust-
ment.
It was already known to the Executive, before
the questioned movement of the army, that our
Minister would not be received in Mexico. This
fact was pregnant with warning. It foretold the
coming storm with as much certainty as to the
mariner does the sudden change of the barometer,
or even the black cloud overspreading the heavens.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson]
insists it is no cause of war for one nation to re-
fuse diplomatic relations with another. That I
may not misrepresent him, I read this passage from
his speech:
"Admittins;, however, that Mexico was more in the
wrong than we, I contend that there was no just cause of
war m tills ease. Any nation, if she pleases, has a right to
stand in an independent position, and refuse to open diplo
maue relations with other Powers. It may be unwise in
tlipm to do it; butJ have yet to learn lhat it is a just cause
of war. There Imf been a little black republic in our own
neigliboihood with, whom wo have refused to inteichange
these civilities. The subject has frequently been brought up
in this House, and voted down by the very men who feel so
indignant towards Mexico because she would not receive
Mr. Slidell as resident minister. China, X believe, to this
day, receives no minister resident near herseafof govern-
ment from any nation whatever. This may be folly, but it
is not such a crime as will justify a war."
The honorable gentleman could not forget the
indignity offered to the " little black republic" of
Hayti. But this is not the point. I dispute the
justice of the comparison, as well as the taste and
odor of it. I grant that when there are no causes
of complaint between two Governments, the one
may refuse diplomatic relations with the other.
But when such relations have previously existed,
and have been violently broken off, leaving great
questions unsettled, and especially when there are
wrongs and injuries unredressed, it is cause of war
to refuse to negotiate with the injured nation.
Any other position is to me utterly incomprehensi-
ble. For, if the aggressor will not negotiate, there
is no other alternative but war.
But this conduct of Mexico was more than mere
cause of war to us. It is not in this point of view
that I speak of it at this time. I argue from it
here, that it was a conclusive indication that Mexi-
co herself had determined upon war. Had she
not so determined, she would have pursued a
course promotive of peace. She would not have
thrown aside jjvery possible means of conciliation,
and placed herself in a position to make war the
only alternative. Her statesmen are not children
or idiots—they may have been madmen. But
they saw plainly that in taking the steps they did,
nothing could prevent war. In short, they had
resolved to rush into it. Mexico said as much
through the mouths of her Ministers. I need only
refer to the often-quoted passage from the letter of
Castillo y Lanzas, dated at Mexico, 12th March,
1846, in the following words:
" A fact such as this, (the annexation of Texas,) or to
spea'c with greater exactness, so notable an act of usurpa-
tion, created an imperious necessity that Mexico, for her
own honor, should repel it with proper firmness and dignity.
The Supreme Government beforehand declared that it
would look upon suc'n an act as castis belli, and, as a con-
sequence of this declaration, negotiation was, by its very
natuie, at an end, and war was the only recourse of the
Mexican Government."
This language is grossly insulting to our Gov-
ernment; but the insult is the least important part
of it. It was more than a mere threat. It was a
distinct annunciation that war was to be prosecu-
ted against us, by a determination long previously1
entertained by the Mexican Government. It may
be asked, how could the authorities of Mexico be
so blind and infatuated as to seek so unequal, and,
to them, disastrous a contest? The answer is
plain. The Oregon controversy was not then set-
tled. They anticipated a war between the United
States and Great Britain. Guizot's policy led
them to expect the sympathy, if not the aid, of
France. And, finally, the notable plan of placing a
Spanish Prince upon the throne of Mexico might
have induccd the advocates of this measure to ex-
pect that Europe would combine to aid them in
the struggle. But whatever might have been the
cause of their infatuation, it did most certainly
exist; they had blindly determined on war, and
they pursued a course which left no second alter-
native. Such is the meaning and import of the
language I have quoted. Would not the President
have been justly denounced as imbecile, if he had
not given due weight to this plain and positive
warning ? The position of parties in Mexico—the
overthrow of Herrera by Paredes, upon the ex-
press ground that the latter was favorable to war—
rendered still more certain that which was not
doubtful before. "Was not war inevitable—inevi-
table from the declared intention of the Mexican
Government, and the unequivocal concurrence of
the Mexican people? What effect could the move-
ment of ou%army have had upon these events,
which took place before that movement could pos-
sibly have been known?
The President foresaw the war and acted accord-
ingly, using only such power as he rightfully pos-
sessed under the Constitution. He was not mis-
taken. His foresight has been completely vindi-
cated by subsequent acts of the enemy, and by
information subsequently thrown into our hands
by the fortunes of war. Among the papers found
in the camp of the enemy after the battles of the
8th and 9th of May last, were the orders of the
Mexican Government, directing their general to
attack our army. These orders bear date at a
