ts
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
ed, viz: commencing at the Rio Grande, and following the
coast of the gulf, east, to the mouth of the. San Antonio
river, shall at present compose the southwestern collection
district, which shall be called the district of Aransaso."
By the act of the Texan Congress, passed 21st
December, 1838, a regiment was created for the
protection of the northern and western frontier.
The 15th section of that act provides:
*< That it shall he the duty of the colonel of the regiment
to cause, at convenient intervals, the deraehment on the
Nueces to traverse the country between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande, in such manner as shall give most protection
and security to that section of the country."
This duty was performed as required by the
act, and Texas was actually in possession of this
territory, composing the counties of San Patricio
and Bexar, both bounded by the Rio Grande.
Mr. HUDSON arose and said the acts quoted
were only on paper, and proved no more than the
act of 1836, defining the boundaries of Tevas—
that there never was an officer of the customs on
the Rio Grande.
Mr. STANTON replied; These acts were not
merely on paper—they were carried into effect by
the Texan Government. There was a collector
residing at Aransaso. He could not reside on the
Rio Grande, because by the law he was required
to reside at another point in the district. The sol-
diers of Texas did actually traverse the territory
and maintain the jurisdiction of Texas there. But
I quote one more act, that of the 24th June, 1845:
<£Sec. 1. Be it enacted, &c., That a mail route he and
hereby is established from Bexar in the county of Bexar, to
the town of Loiedo, on the east bank of the E.10 Grande,
and from Corpus Christi m the county of S;ui Patricio, to
Point isabeinear the mouth of the Rio Grande."
These various acts of authority establish beyond
doubt that the whole of this territory between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande, was de facto, as well
as de jure, a part of Texas. Our own laws, passed
"without opposition at the last session of Congress,
acknowledged the rights of Texas beyond the
Nueces, and seem to recognise the various acts of
authority I have enumerated. In the face of these
high acts of sovereign jurisdiction, what can be
the effect of a few Mexicans residing within this
territory? Ca^ it avail to defeat the rights of
Texas, or to qualify to any extent her right of
sovereignty asserted and actually exercised? I
think the answer must be in the negative.
And now, sir, in what position do those gentle-
men stand who have denounced the President's
statements as false? I think I have shown that the
falsehood is not his. Every statement made by
him is strictly true. No, sir; the curses of these
gentlemen have gone home to roost. The poisoned
arrow, aimed at the breast of the President, has ie-
bounded from the impenetrable and polished ar-
mor of truth, and has gone back again to picrce
deep into the shrinking and quivering flesh of those
who sent them.
I flatter myself, Mr. Chairman, with the belief
that I have established the propositions which I
laid down at the commencement of my remarks.
At least the facts and arguments presented satisfy
my own mind, upon all the points I have attempted
to discuss. What would have been the course of
the Opposition, if the President had failed to act
as promptly as he did? He would have been de-
nounced as timid and fearful of responsibility—as
having advocated the annexation of Texas, and
yet trembling to take the decisive steps necessgrv
to maintain that measure. lie would have been"
taunted with his fruitless attempts at negotiation,
and represented as wholly incapable of maintaining
the rights and the honor of the country, when
difficulties arose or war was threatened. Who
can doubt that this would have been the course of
the Opposition under such circumstances? They
would then, indeed, have had some substantial
grounds for attack, and they would not have failed
to occupy them with every advantage. But they
must have some subject of complaint—they must
attack the Administration in some quarter: upon
this hangs their only hope of ever acquiring power
and controlling the offices of the Government.
"Whether they have skilfully chosen their ground,
whether their efforts will be considered altogether
consistent with single-hearted patriotism, remains
yet to be determined by the voice of an honest and
intelligent people.
My honorable colleague [Mr. Gentry] seems
to have some misgivings upon this score. He la-
bors to justify his position in this crisis; with what
success 1 leave you to judge from his language:
"The general rule was, that it was expedient and wise,
when the nation was engaged in a war constitutionally
made, that all debate about the expediency or propriety ot
the war should cease, and that all &hould unite to bring it
to an honorable conclusion; and, when that wa^ accom-
plished, then to hold the public functionaries engaged in
originating and prosecutinpit to a strietresponsibility. I hat
was the general rule 5 and therefore Mr. G. had heretofore
felt reluctant to speak of this Mexican war, because he had
hoped that we should soon have peace. But now he knew
not when peace was to return. He did not know for what
emk the war was waged, nor had the people any elue by
which tliey could discover. Under such circumstanced, he
held it to be the duty of a representative in that hall to speak
out freely his sentiments, both respecting the course of the
Executive, and respecting the origin and conduct of the
war."
The reason given by my colleague for abandon-
ing the "general rule** of patriotism is, that "he
knew not when peace was to return; he did not know
for what ends the war was waged." Is this a suffi-
cient reason ? When a war has once been com-
menced, is it always, or generally, in our power to
say when peace will return ? And as to the end
and object of the war, can it be possible the gentle-
man does not know this, when he himself voted
for the act which gave the President the means of
carrying it on? Did he vote ten millions of dol-
lars and fifty thousand men, without knowing the
purpose for which he agreed to place such heavy
means at the command of the President?
You will recollect, Mr. Chairman, that I have
already quoted a passage from the gentleman's
speech, in which he admits that we have just cause
of war against Mexico, and that if the President
had asked a declaration of war on that ground, he
would have voted for it. Is this possible, and yet
the gentleman not know for what end the war is
waged ? Sir, there is inconsistency, I will not say
palpable contradiction, in these two positions of
my honorable colleague. What would that gen-
tleman have us do under th&circumstanccs? What
does he propose to do, when Mexico plunders our
citizens and refuses all redress? When she de-
nounces the annexation of Texas, and threatens
war on account of it ? When she refuses to nego-
tiate, dismisses our Minister, directs her general
to attack our army, and, finally, actually takes the
first step to carry out her repeated threats of war?
Does the gentleman see no reason in all this for
carrying on the war? After we had successfully
repelled the armies of the enemy; after we had
taken into possession large portions of hertem-
tory; in the midst of our glorious victories, we
paused to present the olive-branch of peace, and
actually pressed the adversary to resume negotia-
tions. She declines, or at least postpones her an-
swer. What, then, would the gentleman do ? But,
sir, it is needless to pursue these questions. There
is an obvious end for which this war shall be pros-
ecuted: it is that Mexico shall pay our citizens
the amount of which she has robbed them; that
she shall agree to some boundary between her ter-
ritory and ours; and last, but not least, that she
shall indemnify us for the vast expenses which her
obstinacy and aggression have forced us to incur.
My colleague has cavilled at me for having said
that events are tending towards the acquisition of
the Californias and the intermediate territory. I
say so still. Indeed, sir, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayx.y,] in an unanswerable argu-
ment, and by unquestionable authorises, has prov-
ed that these territories have already been acquired
and are absolutely ours, subject, only to be recon-
quered by Mexico, or surrendered by a treaty of
peace. We could actually dispose of them to a
third Power—sell them to France or England—
and the only right of Mexico would be to take
them again by force of arms. The acknowledged
laws of nations, and the decisions of the highest
tribunals, establish these rights. Now, what would
the gentleman have us do ? "Will he direct these
territories to be surrendered and abandoned, with-
out any adjustment of our difficulties with Mexi-
co? Absurd and impossible! In ridicule the gen-
tleman has said, the President finds conquest in
his path; he cannot get round it, or jump over it,
and he must needs pick it up. Although this was
meant as irony and sarcasm, it is, nevertheless, an
indisputable truth. Mexico forced us into the war.
In the prosecution of it, these important conquests
have been made. We were constrained to make
them. They were the only means of carrying on
the war, and accomplishing the palpable end and
object, which was in the view of Congress when
the war bill was passed. 1 say we could not avoid
it. In the language of the gentleman, it was in
our way; we must needs pick it up. Mexico had
no commerce upon which we could make war, in
order to force her into terms, and to redress our
injuries. Her territory was the only resource.
In all probability, it is the only means the enemy
will have to satisfy our demands; and I do not
hesitate to say, that I think it desirable for our
Government, under these circumstances, to retain
and appropriate it, in the absence of other indem-
nity.
It was to be expected, sir, that from certain
quarters every obstacle would be thrown in the*
way of this acquisition. JN"o one was surprised
when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
made his indignant protest against what he calls
unjust acquisition of territory, and the still more
horrible extension of slavery. It was no cause of
wonder that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hudson] should shed a few quiet tears over
the wrongs of " the little black republic." But
when my honorable colleague, [Mr. Gentry,] a
Tennesseean, representing slaveholders, follows in
the track of the other gentlemen named, and at-
tempts to thro w in to the question this great ele-
ment of discord, I must confess, sir, I was amazed.
I know well the pretext under which this line of
argument is used in the South. The Whigs in
that quarter profess to think the Union m danger
from the agitation of the slave question, and upon
this ground they find an excuse for opposition to
every necessary measure which, to any extent,
involves that question. Thus they act in har-
mony with the northern section of their party—the
latter avowing their hostility to slavery, and the
former precisely the contrary. Such was the career
of that party when the question of Texas annexa-
tion was before the country. But that great meas-
ure, in spite of all opposition and all such obsta-
cles, marched forward with giant strides, stepping
alike over these domestic difficulties and the in-
trigues of the British and French cabinets, and
took its place among the mighty events of history.
Such, I believe, sir, will be the result in this case.
These stale objections, founded upon a professed
fear of a dissolution of the Union, can have no
other effect, and, I believe, no other design, but to
prevent the acquisitions in question. If such is
| really the design of them, then I submit the ques-
I tion, whether that design can be considered patri-
I otic? To oppose these acquisitions is, in effect, to
| oppose the only redress we can possibly obtain for
| the injuries done by Mexico. Who has suggested
| or can suggest any other plausible mode of obtain-
j ing that which is the end and object of this war?
I Although this policy is condemned and denounced,
j no other line of policy has been chalked out by
; those who assail the Administration. Their de-
j nunciations are empty and fruitless, offering no
I substitute, and pointing to no valuable result. I
maintain, therefore, that to throw obstacles of any
kind in the way of these acquisitions, is an attempt
to obstruct the progress of the war, and to prevent
the only valuable result to which it can possibly
lead—the full redress of our injuries, and the res-
, toration of a just and honorable peace.
1 Upon these views, sir, in opposition to those of
i my honorable colleague, I am willing to go before
! the country, and submit to its judgment. I have
I undertaken to defend the policy of the President,
j My colleague said, those who do so are traitors to
1 their country, and unworthy of their seats upon
! this floor. Mr. Chairman, I may be unworthy of
my seat on this floor; but I should feel myself to
| be so, if I could ever make such a demonstration
| as my honorable colleague has made, in his origi-
i nal speech and his various subsequent explana-
! tions. There have been times, sir, when party
| and personal enmity were as strong, when denun-
' ciation was as loud and as bitter; but at those
| times, the bitterest invective has at least had the
merit of being adorned with wit. The weapon
used to strike the adversary, however keen and
! ponderous, was at least polished by those courte-
j sies of manner and language which lofty spirits
never suffer themselves to forget. That we should
; be denounced as cringing at the footstool of power
! —as the tools and minions of Executive favor—
; giving a purchased support to Executive usurpa-
j tion and tyranny—was to be expected. This is
i but a part of the stereotyped slang of opposition.
- It does not disturb my nerves in the slightest de-
I gree. If the gentleman had made even a show of
: argument in his speech, his denunciations might
1 have had some point. But the emptiness of his
