80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24.
Union, reportedthe same without amendment; and
said that he had been instructed by the committee
to ask the immediate action of the Senate upon it.
It had been referred to the committee, and been
duly, investigated, and he presumed there would
be no objection to its passage, particularly as the
members from Iowa were present, and anxious to
take their seats.
The bill was read, and was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole; but no amendments- were
made thereto, and it was reported to the Senate,
and passed to its third reading. 1
Mr. YULEE said he desired to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, and he did so simply for the pur-
pose of indicating his own opinion, upon a single
point. Under the act of 1841, an appropriation of
500,000 acrcs of public lands was made to each
new State, to be applied to purposes of internal
improvement. By the constitution of the State
of fowa, the appropriation to that State had been
diverted from this original purpose to the purposes
of education. He was not apprized whether any
other Senator concurred with him in opinion, and
thought it not improbable that few would agree
in his amendment; but he still desired to propose
it, as a means of indicating his own individual dis-
sent to the diversion of the grant which would
follow an unqualified assent to this part of the
constitution of the new State.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
' be construed as authorizing any diversion of the
' lands at any time granted to the said Territory or
4 State of Iowa from the purposes directed in the act
' making such grants."
Mr. SPEIGHT desired the reading of the sec-
tion in the constitution of Iowa relating to this
grant.
The Secretary read it accordingly. It set apart
the proceeds of the lands given to the Territory of
Iowa by the General Government for the support
of common schools throughout the new State.
Mr. ASHLEY said he trusted the amendment
offered by the Senator from Florida would not
prevail. H^iad considered it in committee, when
the diversion of the proceeds of these lands was
under discussion, and neither then nor now was
he willing to interfere with the disposition which
had been made of them. He considered when a
grant or donation was made by the General Gov-
ernment to a sovereign State, that that State was
the most competent judge as to what disposition
should be mnde of such grant or donation. The
education of the mass of the people was, in his
judgment, of more importance than the levelling of
mountains and valleys or the improvement of the
navigation of rivers. On the one, commerce might
indeed, to some extent, depend; but on the other
depended the very existence of the Government
itself. So far from advocating an amendment simi-
lar to the one brought forward by the gentleman
from Florida, he was willing to acquiesce m any
general law which should change the mode of ap-
propriating the public lands to the internal improve-
ment of the State, and authorize their appropriation
as Iowa had appropriated them. His opinion
was, that she had shown more wisdom in her ap-
propriation than Congress had, in directing the
income and interest of these lands to be appro-
priated in perpetuity to education. He believed
that the State itself knew best what use to make
of the grant of the Government. The situation of
the country might be such that they deemed it im-
aer to make an appropriation of this large grant
e purpose of internal improvement. He knew
but little about the situation of the country, but
suggested that it might be such they would con-
sider this an improper appropriation. If they con-
sidered that the grant could be appropriated most
advantageously to the education of the rising gen-
eration, Congress ought not to interfere in the mat-
ter. Some gentleman better informed than himself
might tell how it was possible to enforce the appli-
cation of the grant exclusively to the purpose of
internal improvement. It was made for State pur-
poses, and he apprehended there was no mode by
which they could enforce the execution of the trust.
He apprehended that when Congress makes agrant
of this kind to a sovereign State, the right was full
and perfect on their part to appropriate it to any
object which they chose. Admit that the amend- !
ment pass, would it change the power on the part
of the State of Iowa in anyway or particular?
Some lawyer more versed in the varied resources
of his profession might point out a way, but he
knew of none. lie believed that Congress could
in no way enforcc such a trust. He hoped, there-
fore, that the amendment would not prevail, but
that Congress would leave the State to use the ap-
propriation in a way so praiseworthy as that which
they had proposed.
Mr. YULEE desired to have the section of the
law referring to the appropriation read.
The Secretary accordingly read the following
passage from the act of 1841, section 8:
" And there shall be, and hereby is, granted to each new
State that shall be hereafter admitted into the Union, upon
such admission, so much land, including such quantity as
may have been granted to such State befoie its admission,
and while undei a territorial government, ior the purposes
of internal improvement aforesaid, as shall make live hun-
dred thousand acres of land, to be selected and located as
aforesaid."
From this clause of the act of 1841, (he proceed-
ed,) it would be seen that the grant was made ex-
pressly for the purpose of internal improvement;
and it was admitted that, by the constitution of
Iowa, the grant was diverted from its original pur-
pose. Now, he would admit that the purpose to
which it was proposed to apply this grant was a
very proper one in itself. He admitted that the
diffusion of intelligence, and provision for general
education, was a very proper and commendable
care of legislation; ana if the sixteenth section
in each township, and other specific appropria-
tions which had been made to them for the use of
schools was insufficient, he would readily vote in
favor of a distinct appropriation of half a million
or a million of acres more, by Congress, for pur-
poses of education. But he was not willing that
a special grant by Congress should be diverted
from the purpose for which it was originally in-
tended, in the manner which was now proposed.
He was for insisting upon the proper execution of
the trust. It was the design of Congress in thus
setting apart a portion of the public lands for each
new State, that the proceeds thereof should be ap-
plied to the construction of roads and the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, with a view of cre-
ating facilities to settlement and commerce to the
extent to which its proprietary interest in the lands
of the new States rendered contribution to those
purposes proper. What would be the conse-
quence of the proposed diversion of the grant?
He had no doubt that very soon after the State
would be found making applications to Congress
for appropriations for the veiy purpose to which
Congress originally appropriated this land. Ho
was unwilling, therefore, to yield his assent, hum-
ble as it was, to the diversion proposed.
JNror did he consider it material to inquire now
to what extent it was in the power of the Fede-
ral Government to control the application of this
fund. He would admit that the Federal Gov-
ernment could exercise no coercion upon the acts
of a sovereign State. But he found sufficient
security for the faithful discharge of a trust by a
State of this Union in their sense of justice, and
the influences of moral obligation. He had no
doubt that the expression by Congress of its dis-
sent to this diversion of an important and valuable
grant would be found fully sufficient to accomplish
the object we proposed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE conceived that there was
much foundation for the remarks of the gentleman
from Florida. This grant was not made by Con-
gress without consideration. The country pos-
sessed large tracts of public lands, and Congress
thought that an appropriation of this kind would
have an immediate and powerful tendency to im-
prove the value, and consequently raise the price,
of these lands. This motive induced Congress to
make the grant. .Now, were they prepared to di-
vert the grant from that original purpose? A
question at once arose as to the competency of
the grantee to elfect a diversion like that. How a
trust could thus be diverted, did not come within
his province to decide; but he held that a State
was not competent to divert a trust from the pur-
poses for which it was designed.
Mr. ASHLEY thought there might be some
doubt of the propriety of the question which now
engaged their attention. What had been referred
to them? Simply to ascertain whether the consti-
tution of Iowa was republican in its character; and
on that subject, he believed there was no doubt.
Now, if gentlemen thought they could enforce the
trust spoken of, let them try it. He did not think |
they could succeed. Where was the authority,
on the part of this Government, to enforce it? He
believed it was absurd to expect to do so. He
was very much gratified to see thatlowa was about
to dispose of the public lands in the manner pro-
posed. So far as his own observation went, he
believed that funds appropriated to the purpose of *
internal improvement in new States had generally-
been anything but a blessing to these States. New
States were not in a situation to use an appropria-
tion of that kind properly. They almost necessa-
rily squandered the whole capital at once. He
could not persuade himself that any very great
advantage would be derived by the people of Iowa
from the proceeds of the grant, if applied to the
purposes of internal improvement. Posterity
would certainly be benefited but very little. But
here was a provision by which the interest of the
fund would be set apart for the good of the inhab-
itants of the State in all time to come—for the
education of the whole mass of the people. In
order to have made an appropriate disposition of the
public lands, Congress should first have known
what was the peculiar situation of that State. But
what had been the experience of New States in
regard to appropriations for internal improvements?
How far had a few thousand acres of land been
found to go towards bringing about these improve-
ments? How far in Indiana ? How far in many
other States which he might mention ? Why, the
internal improvements were hardly commenced
with these appropriations. The money was almost
thrown away. He would ask for the yeas and
nays on the question, for the purpose of obtaining
the sentiments of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE said, his amendment, if adopted,
could not delay the measure. The House of Rep-
resentatives could at once give its sense, either m ^
concurrence or rejection, of the proposed amend-
ment, and the matter might there end. He be-
lieved the grant to be more valuable than the Sen-
ator from Arkansas [Mr. Ashley] appeared to
regard it. At the price of two dollars an acre, it
would yield a fund of a million of dollars, which
ought to go very far in making the necessary im-
provements of rivers, roads, and harbors, in Iowa.
It was a handsome contribution by the General
Government towards those purposes—purposes
valuable not only to the State of Iowa, but to the
United States, as a proprietor of lands within her
limits. Besides, he considered it dangerous to en-
courage looseness in the action of any community
in the execution of a sacred trust. If a direct ap- 1
plication had been made to Congress to consent to
this change in the destination of the fund, he would
be disposed to regard it with more favor, as rea-
sons might exist to satisfy him of its propriety.
But to this indirect mode of diverting it he was
opposed.
Mr. BREESE regretted that the Senator from
Florida had introduced this amendment to this bill
True, in 1841 these five hundred thousand acres of
land were appropriated by Congress as had been
indicated; but would it look well for the Congress
of the United States to object to such an appropri-
ation of the proceeds of those lands as they were
informed the State of Iowa desned to make of
them ? And where was the impropriety of such
a diversion? Was not the object a good one?
That no one would deny. No one would deny
that the object, was a very good one. He was of
opinion that the State of Iowa was the most com-
petent judge of the direction in which the proceeds
of these lands should go, and he hoped the Con-
gress of the United States would not interpose to
thwart the wishes of the State of Iowa.
Mr. ASHLEY believed that the gentleman from
Florida was mistaken in one particular. He had
supposed that the amendment might go to the
House of Representatives and receive their concur-
rence without any trouble. He would inform the
gentleman that this very question was brought for-
ward in bold relief in the House, and there fully
discussed; and he apprehended that if the Senate
made this amendment, it would be rejected by the
House. For this reason, if there were no other,
he should strongly oppose the amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT* said when the bill of last
session respecting Iowa was under consideration
+ Tile report of Mr. Westcott's remaiks has been fur-
nished by him, correcting the brief note of them m the
Union, which he states contains observations directly ad-
verse to those he made. Tins note is inserted at Mi. W.'s
request.
