84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
not see how ii could affcct any treaty which might
be entered into between Mexico and the United
States. It involved a question which related strictly
to themselves. It was entirely a domestic ques-
tion—one with which Mexico had nothing to do,
and which could not sustain any relation to any
treaty between the two countries. It was a ques-
tion to be decided by votes upon that floor; and
if the South carried it, they should have it in their
own way, and the North would live up to it as sa-
credly as they lived up to the compact in the Con-
stitution in regard to that subject. The question
would properly arise when the territorial laws came
to be extended over those conquered provinces; and
if it were then declared a free territory, at the proper
time it would come into the Union as a free State,
whilst, on the other hand, if slavery was permit-
ted whilst a territory, it would £pme in as Texas
did. Slavery existed in Texas, and it could not
be admitted without slavery. But rather than let
it remain an inferior, independent power on thei.
borders, or become a dependency of Great Britain,
the United States took it with slavery, and never
•would allow abolitionists or anybody else to med-
dle with that question there, leaving to time and
their own good judgment to relieve them of it.
When the time came that their laws should be ex-
tended over California, as they undoubtedly would
be, he had no doubt that a provision excluding
slavery would be attempied to be insetted, and
that he had no doubt it would be coined. These
were his opinions; and he repeated his conviction
that the people of the United States wore deter-
mined to prosecute the war with the utmost viijor
to an honorable termination, and tlmt they would
insist upon the permanent acquisition of the Cnh-
fornias, to be admitted as free States whenever the
circumstances and the population of the territory
would justify that mensuie. If, then, the Wilniot
amendment should be pressed—if it were insisted
that a provision should be inserted prohibiting in-
voluntary servitude in any of the conquered terri-
tories, although he should regard the movement as
premature, still, if called upon, he should vote for
such a provision—certainly he never would dodge
a vote upon that subject. He would vote for it hit
or miss, sink or swim; he would faithfully en-
deavor to represent the sentiments of the district
from which he came. In justice to his southern
friends he would say that lie did not believe that
they desired to extend slavery over an inch of ter-
ritory on that continent, or anywhere where it did
not exist. They had been taught to believe, and
they did believe, that slavery was an evil existing
in their bosom without any fault of theirs. .From
the speeches of southern gentlemen, lie had been
led to believe that such was the faet. Shivery w as
introduced into that country when in the. colonial
state. It was brought there without any fault of
theirs, and they regarded it as an evil that must be
borne, because the time had not come that the coun-
try could be rid of that awful blight and withering
curse. Ho might be mistaken. It nughtbe thatgen- ,
tlemen wished to extend the institution of slavery; j
but he did not believe that a majority of the south- ,
ern people, if polled, would be upposed to making ■
California, New Mexico, and the whole of* the •
Mexican territory, as free as the North itself. It j
was for their interest and security to have it free. 1
The North would protect them in the day and
hour of their trouble, and so would the fiee States 1
of California and New Mexico. The freemen of
the North stood by the South in all their rights
upon this subject. The freemen of the North !
would not consent that anything should disturb 1
the relations between master and slave in the ;
southern States. But he did believe that the free- :
men of the North were as fully detei mined that ,
they would not pay taxes and send volunteers to '
the war to conquer territory over which slavery ;
would be extended. The sooner the question was !
met the better. He regretted that the question !
had been raised at all; but he had yet to learn that ;
the southern gentlemen on that floor, when the i
proposition should come up, either on the extcn- !
sion of territorial laws, or an appropriation bill, to ;
purchase territory, would be found voting with the ;
Whigs against any measures to retain the territory, :
or any bill voting supplies, on account of a provis- j
ion prohibiting involuntai servitude. Why," he \
had it in hfs power to prov^if time permitted, that
leading Whigs disapproved the prosecution of the
war, because the territory was to be free. He would
read from the speech of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, one of the oldest members on that flooi,
and one of the most eloquent members of his party,
[Mr. Gentry.] What did he say ?
« The President was going to conquer a vast region of
country, larger than all the old thirteen States, and add it to
this Union Did any man know what he had intended to
do with the two millions of dollars he had asked the House
to appropriate for contingent expenses? A good Dernociat
had moved a celebrated resolution on that occasion prohib-
iting the purchase of any territory with the money, utiloss
slavery was to be excluded from it. S-urcly the people muct
he mad if they shut their eyes To the bearing of such a reso-
lution. Thcv were bound to anticipate the dangers which
threatened them, and to call the people to the rescue.
Their dearest interests were about to be put in peril, by
fooN and traitors. WouJd the northern States consent that
slavery should bo established in these newprovinees? Cer-
tainly not. 'flien we were to have at the extreme South a
cordon of free States. What would the present South say
to that
There was a direct appeal to the South, that the
fjeemen of the North would not consent to extend
slavery over the territory, and that therefore the
South should oppose the war. That was the ar-
gument of the gentleman. What was the great
danger, the great evil that the gentleman dreaded,
and which he put as the ground of his appeal to
the South ? Why. that the northern States would
not consent to slavery being- established, and we
were to have at the extreme south a cordon of free
States. Now, he (Mr. G.) wished that to go to
the people of the North; he wished them to under-
stand that a leading southern Whig had announced
as ihe ground of his opposition to the war, the fear
ofthe permanent acquisition of California and New
Mexico ns free States. The gentleman was op-
pressed by the npprehension of an evil altogether
imaginary. Farts proved that in cases where free
States were in contact with slave States, the former,
and not the latter, suffered. Let them look at Penn-
sylvania, the good old Quaker State; it bordered
upon Maryland, n slave State; but what injury
had ever resulted to the latter from the contact'
A^ain, look at Ohio. She was in contact with
Kentucky- Was Kcntuckv injured by the con-
tact with Ohio, whcic everybody knew the most
rabid abolitionists in the whole woi Id are to be
found ? Now, it was Ohio that suffered, becoming
the receptacle of all the free and manumitted ne-
groes, and runaway niggers, who were a curse to
any community, who came from the neighboring
State. It was the free States that were injured 
[and here the, hammer fell.]
Mr. ROOT, of Ohio, next, obtained the floor.
FTe said that there were many topics which came
up for consideration m this debate, but they had
been so much more fully and ably discussed by
ofheis that he should pass them over, and content
1 himself with barely alluding to them. There were
1 others which had not been so much noticed by
those who agreed with him in sentiment, and
j which he should comment upon somewhat more
!; at lensrth. Since, however, he found Whigs on
! that floor disclaiming sentiments which were im-
!; puted to them by their opponents, and Democrats
also differing from each other in their views, (and
he had learned this without evesdropping, and
merely in the course of his efforts to get the floor,)
he did not know but it might be proper for him to
! " define his position,and he would at once say
that he was all alone. He represented but a sin-
i gle district; he knew thoroughly what was the
| will of his own constituents, and by God's help
; he would do it. He cared not whether his course,
in doing so, suited his political friends or not; it
! was none of their business. Let them stand up 1
| and do their own duty, and he would try and do :
the same. No man should lay down Whig doc- ;
; trine for him; and if they assumed to do it, he i
would trample it under his feet; although, as he !
understood Whi® doctrine, he was and should
continue to he a Whig up to the hub—full blooded, i
But he stood upon his own footing. He held this
war to have been unncccssarv, and therefore un-
justifiable. It was not enough to tell him that ■
Mexico had done us great wrong. There might .
be different opinions as to what was and what was ;
not good cause for war. He looked on war as so ■
great, so terrible an evil; so contrary to humanity; .
so utterly condemned by the principles of the be- j
nign religion we professed, and whose blessings :
we enjoyed, that it would take a very strong case
indeed to justify it. There must have been very j
great wrongs endured to excuse it with him, and ^
there must have been no other mode of redress, j
As God was his judge, he did not believe that  ;ood j
cause had existed for this war with Mexico. This '
| he knew was matter of opinion: that was his opin-
1 ion, and he did not fear to speak it. Indeed, he
: did not know that he had ever thought .what lie
I dare not speak, nor ever in his life designed what
| he dare not do. The complaint against Mexico
; was, that she had not paid us what she owed. If
j that was good causc of war, God help some of the
1 States of this Union,-and some of the men in all
! the States. Gentlemen knew, the Administration
! knew, that Mexico could not pay. It had been
[ admitted in this very debate that she had nothing
i but land to pay us with. The gentleman over
; there from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had said so,
j He knew the fact; lie ad ruined she was poor; and
' she had only land to give us, unless Santa Ana
' had something he was willing to hand over in a
i private way.
I Mr. STANTON here rose and asked to ex-
plain.
i; Mr. ROOT. Do not interrupt me. If I have
V done you any injustice, I will make the amende
j' honorable when my hour is out.
!; Mr. STANTON said something in reply, but
i'i what It was the repouer could not hear. There
!, was a good deal of conversation going on, and
j! several members answering Mr. R. sotto vocc.
|. Mr. R. resumed his remarks. _ But Mexico (he
i said) would not settle the question of boundary,
r Well, we had bought up an old quarrel, and, as
| soon as we had made the purchase, we took care
!] to let Mexico know that she had no longer to do
, with weak Texas; she had another customer to
\ deal with; she must now square up to us. And
j what was the reason ? Our quarrel now was with
I a feeble nation. We did not talk so nor act so
' with Great Britain. Oh, no; that was quite a dif-
1 ferenf business. We went to war-w ith Mexico,
! but did we square up to John Bull? Had we not
as good cause? But to him we could give away
what the President had publicly said to all the
, world was ours: a space of territory extending six
decrees in latitude. That was the way we avoided
, a war with Great Britain, and that was the way
] we got into a war with Mexico.
It was said, though, that we did not begin the
war, but that Mexico began it herself. We had
, as many defences as the man who broke the kettle.
: We had got three, and one more, which he had
; not. We could give the President a good private
: character. Addressing the Chairman, Mr. R. said
he did not know whether he was a lawyer or not;
he rather supposed he must be a lawyer, for he
had heard him say once that so and so was the
: law, whatever Chief Justice Marshall might say.
Now, if he was a lawyer, and especially if he was
a lawyer in the West, he knew that, when a cul-
, prit was on trial, if he had no available dcfeoce of
1 any kind to make, but the testimony was clear
against him, his counsel called witnesses to prove
a good character. Yes, the man at the bar had a
good private character; and then came up many a
ragged, shabby-looking fellow, and many a man
with his nose as red as a beet, and one was called
Squire So-and-so, and another was Colonel So-
and-so, and perhaps another the Rev. Mr. So-and-
so, and they all swore that the man who had been
stealing [land titles] was a man of unimpeachable
private character; and then the lawyer argued to
the jury that it was impossible a man of his high
moral standing would be guilty of such a thing.
But it was only in cases otherwise desperate that
this sort of defence was resorted to. The very
last thing that was attempted was to call witnesses
to prove character.
Mr. R. said he disputed the fact that Mexico
began the war; that she invaded us, and spilt
American blood on American soil. There was no
dispute as to when the first blood was spilt, or in
what territory it was shed. But there was a dis-
pute as to the question to whom the territory be-
longed. Now, he believed that the w hole valley
of the Rio del Norte, as well on the left bank as on
the right bank of that river, was as dearly Mexi-
co's as the city of Mexico itself. We never had
had possession of it. It was said that when a
piece of land was in dispute the title turned upon
possession; and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stanton] save the House facts to show that
Texas was in possession. And how did he. show
that? Why, the Texan Congress had laid out
counties, and these counties included the country
up to the Rio Grande. She had marked out Con-
gressional districts, and one of these districts extend-
ed to the liver. She had ix\uo established collection
