88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOlllf
Dec, 28,
fensive marine warfare. The inventor proposes |
to build a ship, which is to be fire-proof, and to I
reflect off shot; while from her interior a torrent |
of liquid fire can be thrown upon an enemy, de- s
stroying all within its reach. The memorialist
states that he made experiments in the city of Bal-
timore in the year 1814, in the presence of thou-
sands of citizens, of the efficacy of this fire, all of
which proved highly satisfactory; that a commit-
tee was organized, and a large sum of money im-
mediately subscribed by that city to build a vessel
on the proposed plan, which was arrested by the
close of the war.]
SUGAR-GROWERS AND THE TARIFF.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
memorial of inhabitants of the parish of St. Mary,
Louisiana, engaged in the cultivation and manu-
facture of sugar, for the repeal of the tariff of 1846,
and moved that it be printed.
The Secretary read the memorial, which sets
forth that—
" The undersigned, fully convinced that the condition of
our national affairs requitpd rather an increase than a dimi-
nution of the revenue, do, as men mindful of their own indi-
vidual protection and safety from utter ruin, and as patriotic
men, desirous of their country^ good, mo-t earnestly and
respectfully remonstrate against the provisions of the tanff
of 1846, and pr^y for its repeal. The undei&ign-cd areaware
that their immediate ReprevSentative in the lower House of
Congress is not inclined to favor their industry with his
official support, and thus take this occasion, as a commu-
nity, as a people whose Representative has been forgetful of
a sacred trust—the defcnce, namely, of the interests of all
Iris constituents, to protest against his acts s-o obviously in
contravention of their vital intcies.!* j silence on then part
would very naturally be construed into acquiescence in the
couise he has thought proper to pursue, and therefoie we
all, without distinction of political paity, disclaim any appro-
val of Ins proceedings in relation to this matter,"
Mr. TURNEY observed, that the question of
printing should go to the committee on that sub-
ject,
Mr. JOHNSON said the memorial related to a
subject of the very highest importance to the citi-
zens of the State of Louisiana. He thought, there-
fore, that it well deserved the serious attention of
the Senate. He intended to follow up his motion
to print, by proposing that it be referred to the
Committee on Financc.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, if that was the direction
the memorial was to take, he had a word to say
on the sul^cct. This memorial amounted almost
to an impeachment of a member of the other branch
of the Government, who was not here to make his
defence; and, therefore, he could not agree to the
motion to print. Nor was it necessary to refer this
memorial to the Committee on Finance, for it was
well known that the Senate could not originate a
revenue bill. That question, long since, had been
conclusively decided. He regretted that a petition
of that kind should have made its appearance in
this body; a petition which goes, in the strongest .
language, to censure the official acts and conduct
of a member of the other House. He asked for a
division of the question, and he asked for the yeas
and nays on the motion to print.
Mr. JOIJNSON said this peiition came from
about two hundred and fifty of the most lcspect-
ahle citizens of Louisiana, of all political paities.
it was signed by many of the most distinguished
Democratic citizens of Louisiana, and it was ad-
dressed to him, with a request that he would pie-
sent it. It was on a subject of the highest impor-
tance to the State of Louisiana, and he thought it
extraordinary that such objections should be made
to it. It was true, they said, that their immediate
Representative voted in favor of the law of which
they complain, and they had the right to express
their opinions in regard to their Representatives. 1
llow often did they find State Legislatures cen- !
snrin^ the proceedings of Senators in Congress,
and directing the expression of their opinions to
be sent to both Houses; and Senators have been
known to resign in consequence. Of this there
have been numerous instances. Here, then, was
a petition, coming from a body of respectable citi-
zens, (and it was numerously signed,) couched in
respectful language, on a subjsct of the highest and
most vital importance to the people of the State
whence the memorial came, and that objections "
should be made even to print it, lie thought very
extraordinary indeed.
Mr. SPEIGHT had nothing: to say against the
right ot the people of LnuistJma to petition for a
redress of grievances. He had only snid he re-
gretted they had sent to this body this petition, ,
and not to the lower body, where the gentleman ;
was against whom their charge was preferred.
Now, however, if in order, he desired to call the
attention of the honorable Senator to one or two
points embraced in this memorial. He would ask
the Senator from Louisiana if he believed it to be
a fact, that in consequence of the tariff act of July
last, the sugar interests of Louisiana were to be
sacrificed? and whether the Senator did not know
that this very article was selling higher than for
many years past?
Mr. JOHNSON. What? in consequence of the
tariff?
Mr. SPEIGHT. The gentleman may draw his
own inferences.
Mr. JOHNSON said he would give the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi his views very
frankly. His opinion was, that the law of July
last would be destructive of the interests of Louisi-
ana. On this subject they had had experience
which authorized him to say so. When the duty
on sugar was reduced so low previous to the tariff
of 1842, the reduction, as was well known, proved
destructive, even ruinous, to the great mass of the
new planters in Louisiana. The old planters, who
had encountered the expenses of their establish-
ments, and were comparatively free from debt, did
not feel the effect so much; but the new planters,
who were compelled to incur heavy expenses in
the purchase of machinery, and the erection of
! buildings, and to incur debts in consequence, were
I involved in ruin. Hundreds were compelled to
i sell their plantations, and many turned to cotton
| growing. ^ He admitted that sugar was selling
| pretty well at present; but this was not owing to
1 the act of the last session. The effect of that law
1 probably was not yet felt. It was owing to other
causes—to the failure of the crops in Louisiana
I and on the island; but it was his opinion that when
1 the effects of that law began to be felt, it would he
found to be ruinous to the sugar planters of Louisi-
!; ana, as was the case with the old law. They had
| a test there, and the twenty per ccnt. tariff was
!; found to be ruinous, as he had said before, to near-
j ly the whole of the new planters in the State of
Louisiana. It was not his object, in presenting
this petition, to censure the Representative referred
<j to. He entertained a high respect for that Repre-
j sentative; but he considered it his duty to present
;j the petition which alluded to his vote. He was
not aware that there was anything very extraor-
jj dinary on his own part in presenting the petition,
H or on the part of his constituents in framing it.
■; If at any time a Kcpresentatife was found to act
con trary to the true interests of his people, it was
I' their right to protest against his acts. And" this
course was often pursued. They frequently saw
the Legislatures of the different States ev^p remon-
strating against the acts of Senators on that floor.
He repeated, that in complying with the request
ot the petitioners, he did not wish to be understood
as censuring the conduct of their Representative,
1 for he entertained for him a very high rcspect and
personal friendship. In performing his duties in
this instance, he incurred the censure of a portion of
his constituents who had protested against his acts;
but he acted, no doubt, from a high sense of duty,
. and according to the dictates of his own best judg-
ment; and it was not his (Mr. J.'s) intention to
attempt to censure him.
Mr. CASS. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT explained.
The motion to print was then referred to the
Committee on Printing, and the petition was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a communication
from the Governor of Florida, transmitting a pre-
amble and resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Florida, praying the speedy removal of
the Seminole Indians now remaining in Florida;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and also ordered tn be printed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by the Clerk of the House, stating
that the Speaker had signed an enrolled bill for the
admission of Iowa into the Union.
The bill was subsequently signed by the Vice
President; and therefore only awaits the approval
of the President of the United States to become a
law.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
so much of the President's message as relates to
tlic subject of compensating pension agents was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration;
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai commu-
nicate to the Senate copies of all instructions gi\en
by the War Department, or from the office of In-
dian Affairs, to all or any of the commissioners,
from time to time appointed to adjudicate claims
under the treaty of 1835-'6 between the United
States and the Cherokee nation of Indians.
Mr. JARNAGIN thought it proper to say that
the resolution was not intended to have any in-
fluence upon persons holding those commissions,
or to make any reflections about the manner in
which they had performed their duties. He deem-
ed it proper to make this remark for the purpose
of avoiding such a conclusion.
Mr. WESTCOTT objected to the phraseology
of the resolution, and suggested the substitution of
the word " communications" for " instructions.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he used the language,
because instructions had been given by the depart-
ment; and that was the reason why petition to
Congress had been rendered necessar)'.
Mr. MANGUM (on leave) introduced a joint
resolution for the relief of William H. Thomas;
which was read twice, and placed upon the calen-
dar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) in-
troduced a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Jacques Mouland ; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Cad waladcr
Wallace; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back a bill for the
relief of Jones & Boker, and others, indemnifying
them for treasury notes lost or stolen from the
mail, without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the bill to in-
crease the compensation of deputy surveyors of
the public lands in the State of Arkansas, report-
ed the same back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. BERRIEN (on leave) introduced a bill to
remit and refund to the State of Georgia a certain
amount of duty on railroad iron imported by the
State of Georgia, and laid down on the Western
and Atlantic Railroad, within the limits of the
same; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
THE WRITINGS OF ALEXANDER HAMILTON.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Hamilton,
widow of Alexander Hamilton, was taken up for
consideration.
Mr. BREESE called for the reading.
The Secretary read it accordingly! It enacts,
" That the Treasurer of the United States lie, anil lie is
hereby, directed to pay tn Elizabeth Hamilton, widow of
  - hall deliver to the
hbiarian of Congress one thousand copies of each of the
five volumes which she pioposes to publish of the writings
of General Hamilton, and shall alM> deliver to said librarian
thf entire manuscripts, to be deposited and rem.un forever
among the archives of the Government: Provided, ahcai/s-,
That such volumes shall be octavo, and substantially bound
m feather, and not than five hundred pages each, and
shall be compiled by some suitable person, at the expense
ot Mrs. Hamilton, and to be by her &electert and chosen,
with the appioval of the Committee on the Library; and
that such five volumes shall embrace Mibatantmlly all the
wutinjjs of General Hamilton which are of a public and im-
portant character."
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. CHALMERS suggested that the bill should
be passed over informally, the chairman of the
Committee on the Library, [Mr. Pkarce,] who
reported the bill, not being in his seat.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment.
Mr. CHALMERS again rose and said he had
desired, as the Senator from Maryland who re-
ported this bill was not in his seat this morning,
that the bill might be passed over informally. If
too late, however, for a postponement, or the Sen-
ate was unwilling to postpone, he desired to make
a few remarks in explanation. At the last session,
this subject was fully examined by the committee
which reported this bill, and it passed the Senate
by a large majority. The works which were pro-
