1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
posed io be published were furnished to the com-
mittee at that time for examination, and he became
satisfied of their very; great importance in regard
to the subjects of which they treat. They relate
to all the important transactions during- the revo-
lutionary war, and to many subjects and occur-
rences subsequent to that war, when General
Hamilton was Secretary of the Treasury. He
could conceive of no papers more valuable or more
desirable to preserve with the archives of the coun-
try than those which were offered to them by Mrs.
Hamilton. The cost of these papers was not more
than they were really worth; and he thought it
would be becoming in, nay, that it was the duty
of, this Government, to obtain possession of these
documents, over and above any disposition they
might feel to render to the widow of so distin-
guished a man so small a service. He should
feel that the Senate, m rejecting this bill, was not
only doing an injustice to the widow of Alexander
Hamilton, but was not fulfilling its duty to the
Government. He hoped the bill would pass, as at
the last session, by a large majority.
Mr. SEMPLE had voted for this bill at the last
session, and should do so again; still, he would
Dot object to the postponement of this bill to next
week, if desired by Senators, until the Senator
from Maryland should return to his seat. He be-
lieved these books would be valuable to the coun-
try, and therefore he hoped the bill would pass.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and it was
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Badger, Bagby, Cliai-
liicrd, John M. UluUon, Thomas CJajton, Convin, Critten-
den, Davis, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jarna^m, Johnson
of'Lomsiana, M m^um, Morehead, Phelps, Semplc, Sevier,
Simmons, Speight, Stuigeon, Upham, Woodbndge, and
Yuloe—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Breese, Brijrbt,
Butlei, Calhoun, Dix, Fairfield, Niles, Turncy, and YVest-
cott—12.
Oa motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the bill was read
a third time, and, by unanimous consent, was
passed.
On motion of Mr. CHALMERS, the title of the
bill was changed to "A bill to purchase the Papers
of the late Alexander Hamilton."
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of executive business; and,
after a short time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 28, 1846.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
Mr. Robert Toombs, of Georgia, (Whig,) ap-
peared and took his seat.
The SPEAKER announced the resolution offered
by Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, to terminate the debate |
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the |
Union on the President's Message, and the resolu- 1
tions referring the same to appropriate committees. j
at two o'clock to-morrow, and the amendment j
proposed by Mr. Seaborn1 Jones, to substitute !
*' twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes," in place of
two o'clock, to be the business first in order. !
Mr. HARALSON, by the unanimous consent 1
of the House, introduced the following joint reso- ;
lution; which was read twice, and referred to the ,
Committee on Military Affairs;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives ;
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, j
That the Secretary of War be and he is hereby ;
authorized and required to cause to be refunded to |
the several States the amount of expenses incurred 1
by them in subsisting, furnishing, and transport- ,
ing volunteers previous to their being mustered i
and received into the service of the United States, ;
without waiting for deductions to be made from
the pay of said volunteers. !
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired of the Chair if ,
the resolution to terminate the debate in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
series of resolutions referring the President's mes-
sage to the several standing committees, was not
the subject first in order? '
The SPEAKER replied that it was, and the |
only thing in order. i
The resolution was then taken up; and
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. j
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, observed that the
standing committees of the House were waiting to .
receive the several portions of the message which
the resolutions now before the Committee of the
Whole were intended to refer. As, in the reports
of those committees, all these topics would of
course come up for consideration in due time, there
could be no need of longer protracting the present
debate. He therefore would ask for the previous
question on the pending resolution, wilh the modi-
fication, however, which he would now move as
an amendment, to fix the time at two o'clock this
day,
Mr. SEABORN JONES withdrew his amend-
ment.
On seconding the previous question, the tellers
reported ayes 54, noes 51—no quorum voting.
Mr. HOUSTON moved a call of the House.
On which motion the yeas and nays were taken,
and there were—Yeas 47, nays 98. So the motion
for a call of the House did not prevail; but—
A quorum having appeared, the question recur-
red on seconding the previous question; when
Mr. HOUSTON modified his amendment by
substituting three in place of two o'clock this day.
The previous question being seconded, the main
question was then put, viz: Shall the resolution
pass ? and it was decided in the affirmative—Yeas
92, nays 77.
So the resolution was adopted, and the debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the President's message, and resolutions refer-
ring and apportioning the same to the several
standing committees, was ordered to be closed at
three o'clock this day.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
said resolutions.
Mr. SAWYER was entitled to the floor. He
said—
Mr. SAWYER said that he should not have
taken part in the present debate but for some of
the remarks which had been made some days sincc
by two of his colleagues over the way, [Messrs.
Giddings and Root.] These gentlemen had in-
; dulged in remarks calculated to put the Govern-
i ment of the United States in the wrong on the
! question of the present war, and to put Mexico in
i the right. Sentiments of this kind did injustice,
i not to the Administration only, nor the character
of the nation generally, but in an especial manner
, to our brave and patriotic volunteers, and misled
the younger portion of our people. Mr. S. rose
that he might repel remarks of this description,
j and might hold up the mirror to those who made
I them, that they might have an opportunity of be-
; holding tl®r own likenesses. Mr. S. observed,
' however, that notwithstanding the course of re-
| marks which these gentlemen had pursued, he
J should not be at all surprised if, before the end of
i the present session, they should take an entirely
j different ground, and bring it as a weighty charge
j against the President that he did not go strongly
I enough in pushing forward the war. That had
: been the course of *the party on some previous oc-
! casions.
; Mr. GIDDINGS (on the extreme left of the
Chair) here asked some question, not distinctly
heard by the reporter, but believed to be, whether
, Mr. G. had ever changed his course on the subject
of this war ?
I Mr. SAWYER replied that he was not saying
i he had—he had spoken of the course of his party;
: and he repeated the declaration that he should not
be surprised if the Whigs should turn about and
| charge the President with not pushing the war fast
, enough. He made the prophecy that they would,
: even before this session was out: the country
' would see whether it did not turn out to be true.
i But Mr. S. went on to say that it was his puc-
! pose to examine the nature of some of the claims
, of our fellow-citizens against Mexico, and which
I were the real origin of this war. They were for
spoliations and other outrages out of which this
I war had grown. Before annexation had ever been
I attempted, or even thought of, we had difficulties
i with the Mexican Government on this ground.
; The two countries had mutually withdrawn their
! respective Ministers before such a thing as the
| annexation of Texas was spoken of at all. The
1 claims themselves of our outraged citizens were a
sufficient cause of war, and had so been admitted
to be by a gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] who was & vehement opponent of
the Administration, and of the war too, in the
present debate, and they had been declared good
cause of war by both General Jackson and Mr,
Van Buren in their messages to Congress. ■
Mr. S. had an abstract of these claims before
him, but he would refer to only one of them, and
that was the claim of a citizen of Maine, whose
vessel had been pressed into the Mexican service
to transport Mexican troops. While she was thus
compelled into their service, they rose upon her
crew, murdered the captain, and murdered the
mate, and then ran the vessel into a Mexican port,
nnd threw the remainder of the Americans on
board into a Mexican prison. For this,,and for
acts like this, we claimed* indemnity from the
Mexican Government.
And now he had a fair offer to make to one of
his colleagues over the way—he meant the gentle-
man from Ohio who had spoken last, [Mr. Root.]
Mr. S. was very desirous that that gentleman's
speech should circulate in Mr. S.'s district; and
the offer he made him was to exchange lists, and
let Mr. R.'s speech be sent to Mr. S.'s constitu-
ents, and he would send his own to Mr. R.'s con-
stituents. These he considered as very fair terms.
But he would venture to predict that they would
not be accepted. He made the gentleman the
offer, however, because he was well assured that
nothing was better calculated than such doctimes
as his colleague's speech contained to make Dem-
ocrats in Ohio.
Mr. S. said there was a report made by Mr. For-
syth, when Secretary of Slate, in which all these
claims were set forth at large. Mr. S. had not
time to read from it now, but he should append it,
by way of supplement, to his printed speech.
He wanted to show this list to our young and
rising American citizens, that they might see that
their country had just and ample cause for war,
and that their Government was not^n the wrong,
as some men would persuade them to believe. He
should do it to protect the interests of his constitu-
ents.
It was his intention, before he took his seat, to
go into a thorough comparison of the language
now used here in regard to the war and to the
President, with that which had been employed by
the old Federal party during our last war. He
should do this fearlessly, regardless vvfta might
be pleased or not pleased with the result. He
should not mince his language, but should show
up the whole truth at every risk and through all
perils. Gentlemen on the other side might com-
plain that he called them Federalists, and charged
them with giving "aid and comfort" to their coun-
try's enemies, and be very much offended. He
could not help that. It should not deter him from
speaking out without reserve, fear, or favor.
Truth, truth, was on his side, and, with truth on
his side, he should feel that he had nothing to fear.
lie did not do this for their benefit—not at all;
but for the sake, especially, of " Young America"
—of those young men of the country who weie
soon to succeed to the places of those now in that
House, and in all the offices of Government; so
that, when they get the reins of power into their
hands, they might show that they were actuated
by American feelings, and were disposed to side
with their own, and not with a foreign country.
Mexico had impressed our vessels; she hod ta-
ken their crews, and thrown iheni into dungeons;
she had robbed and murdered American citizens
on the hi«rh seas. And was all this no cause of
war? In the days of our revolutionary sires, we
made war and declared independence for the en-
forcement of a trifling tax on tea and the imprison-
ment of a few of our seamen; and the same objec-
tions and the same strain of language were em-
ployed then that are heard now. There were men
who talked about the immense expense of a war,
and argued that it would be far better for us to
submit quietly to a trifling tax, than to spend mil-
lions of precious treasure, and pour out rivers of
colonial blood, in pursuing the dream of indepen-
dence.
The opponents of the war characterized it as a
war of aggression—a wanton invasion ot the Mexi-
can territory. That charge had been satisfactorily
met and refuted by the President in his message,
and his friends here had exposed its falsehood in
their speeches on that floor. The people under-
stood that matter perfectly; and they would in the
end pronounce such a decision in this case as they
had pronounced, and inflicted too, on the oppo-
