1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
difference between Abolitionists and Whigs in
Ohio. They were usually set down as the same,
and he believed they were.
And now he would call the attention of gentle-
men to another subject, and that was abolition.
There was in Ohio a most glorious state of things
for his constituents. At the. last election in Ohio
the Whig candidate for Governor (Mr. Bebb)
came out in favor of a repeal of what were usually
termed "the black laws." He did this in certain
districts of the State, but in other districts not.
Here inquiries were made by Mi-.Giddings, the
answer to which alone was heard where the re-
poitei sat.
It was in St. Mary's district. There the candi-
dates came out for a qualified repeal of these " black
laws." By these acts it was provided that no black
person should be admitted into the State without
giving security against his becoming a burden for
his support; and the constitution forbade that any
person should be held in the State as a slave.
Another of these laws forbade the reception of
negro testimony against a white man, or the ad-
mission of colored children into the common
schools; and Mr. S. was proud to state that these
laws had been draughted by the hand of aveiy
distinguished man 111 the Senate. [Voices: "Who?
who is he?"] Brigadier General Cass. The Whig
party and the Abolitionists went for the repeal of
these laws. They wanted to invite the fiep ne-
groes of every State in the Union to make Ohio
their asylum, and the slaves to run there and get
free, (as far as they could be made so by law.)
Now, Mr. S. perceived that in the message of
Governor Smith, of Virginia, it was recommended
to the Legislature to drive all free negroes out of
the State. He piesumed they were a nuisance
there, as he well knew they weie in Ohio. Yet
the Whig party elected the Governor who recom-
mended the repeal of these laws, and who wanted
to let negroes flock from all quarters into the State,
to partake of all political privileges with the white
inhabitants.
Now, he asked his colleagues, did they desire
these negroes to be slaves ? to remain slaves m
Ohio? or, when they had got them m, was it then-
purpose to take a further step, to revise the con-
stitution, alter its present provisions, and let all
the negroes vote with the white citizens ? Was
that their object? It was said that all men were
by nature free, and entitled to equal privileges and
immunities.
Mr. GIDDINGS here was very anxious to get
the floor to explain, 111 reply, but Mr. S. would
not relinquish it to him.
Mr. SAWYER said this, doubtless, would be
their next step. They said all men, according to
the Declaration of Independence, were born free
and equal. Mr. S. admitted it; he was a strong
stickler for it, as they would find before he was
done. He admitted that a colored man was enti-
tled to the same political rights that he was: but
where? Ill Ohio? That did not follow. In Ohio
the people were white, and chose to be governed
by white men, not by negroes. They thought as
the poor sick man did in a very dirty cabin, when
they handed hnn in August soft butter, covered
and mixed up with flies: "I'll thank you (said the
poor dying man) to put the flics in one plate and
the butter'in the other." Send them where they
could enjoy their rights to the full, and God speed
them. But the people in Ohio were entitled to as
much liberty as the negroes, and it was their will
to be governed by white men. Let negroes go
vvlieie they could govern themselves. But the
Whigs were trying to mix up negroes and whites
at tiie ballot-box. That was their design in re-
pealing the black laws. It must be, it could be
nothing' else; or why did they want them biought
into the State: To live there as slaves? They
would not say it. But if Mr. S. was asked what
was his plan, he would say to the slave States that
they ought not to abolish slavery in their limits.
If they would have slaves, let them keep them to
themselves; and not when they had worn out a
negro's strength manumit him, that Ohio might
open her arms and make herself the asylum of all
the broken-down negioes in the slave States.
Mr. S. spoke sensitively on this subject, because
four hundred manumitted slaves from John Ran-
dolph's estate had been sent into his district—into
one county of it, and were going to settle them-
selves all over it among his white neighbors.
There were a few tracts of vacant land there,
owned by the General Government, and they
wanted to enter these pieces of land for these four |
hundred negroes, that they might settle down upon |
him and his neighbors. But his constituents rose '
in their might, as one man, and, taking thestatute-
book in their hand, demanded security that these
blacks should not become a burden on the com-
munity; and, if not, that the penal enactment of
the law should be enforced. The security was not
given, and his neighbors and friends had mustered
the blacks out of the county. They had said to
the Abolitionists, and all others round them, "If
you want negroes to reign over you, take them to
your own firesides; but into this district they shall
not come."
Mr. GJDDINGS here said something; but at
his seat he is usually inaudible to the reporteis.
Mr. SAWYER said he thanked the gentleman
for the question. The Governor had been inform-
ed that there was a mob in Mercer county, and he j;
sent his officers to see that the laws were executed '
there. The man that told him there was a mob i
there, lied; and the Whig Governor was his dupe. ;
But if that man ever set his foot within that coun- j
ty, he would get a new suit of clothes. [A voice: j!
" What sort?"] Tar and feathers. It was not j
true that there was any mob, or any resistance of ,
the laws. They took the law in their hands and j|
. demanded a compliance with it. If his colleague jl
called this a mob, he hurled the accusation back i1
upon him The people assembled to see for them-
selves that the law was executed. j
Cut now to return to the Mexican war. He did
not think that the departed spirits of those brave
men who had fallen in the late glorious battles, and !;
whose bones were now bleaching on the Mexican
soil on the Rio Grande, or at Monterey, could they
be witnesses of what was passing here, would
much thank the gentlemen on the other side for
the part they were acting here. The name of 1
Ringgold had been mentioned, and a host of his j
I brave companions in arms, and Mr. S. regretted i
to learn this morning that a noble, brave, and bril- '
lmnt son of Ohio, (Geneial Hauler,) a man who '
had just been elected a representative in the next ;
Congress, had fallen on the field of honor. What
would his friends say, what would the friends of ij
Taylor, what would the weeping widow of Ring- j
gold say to men who told them that the war in
which these honored men had fallen, or were still ;j
contending, was an unholy war, an ungodly war, j
a develish war ? How came they to be engaged in j:
it? Had they been drafted > No; they went into j(
it voluntarily. Would these eloquent and zealous h
gentlemen tell Mrs. Ringgold that her husband had ji
fallen in aiding a damnable war? He thought they jj
would receive but small thanks for such speeches. J
Men who could pronounce such epitaphs over the
dead might well be haunted by them in their b
dreams. Mr. S. spoke on behalf of the friends, Ji
the widows, the orphans, of those who had fallen. I
If those who advocated the war were threatened jj
with the judgment of Heaven in another world; if n
they were declared from the pulpit worthy of eter- j:
nod fire, what must they deserve who voluntarily jj
engaged in it> He would not say that in using ;;
such language the wish of gentlemen was father to j
their thought. _ _ , i
And now they threatened to impeach the Presi- !i
dent. This sounded like the threat of the old Fed- j
eral party to impeach Mr. Madison. Mr, Web- .!
ster, at a late great dinner in Philadelphia, had ,|
condemned the war as unjust and unconstitutional, j1
But the people of Pennsylvania did not behove him: i j
for immediately after his speech, they mustered by ^
thousands to engage in the war. They thought it |
a just and a righteous war.
But the Whigs threatened " ulterior measures. '
To this threat lus answerjwas, " Doit, if you dare."
That woidd bring the question to thetest. Let
them bring forward their resolutions of impeach-
ment, and sec what would come of it. They j.
might publish their speeches as fast as they liked:
they would have no more effect upon the President jj
of the United States than the attempt of a chip- : j
munk to level the Alleghany Mountains. Mr. S. :,
did not condemn one act that he had done in regard ,
to this war from its commencement. And the 1
American people would in the end pronounce the 1
same judgment on the opposers of this war which
they had done long since to the opposers of the .
Revolution. The party would be wheeled into ■!
the back ground; and they would soon need to j:
change their name once more. II
Mr. S.'s time was now out: but he should pre-
pare his speech for the press, with a " full docu-
mentary appendix;" and he would show to the
people that gentlemen here were treading in the
downward steps of then- ancestors, and were pre-
paring for themselves the same sepulchre.
Mr. BAKER, of Illinois, followed in the debate,
and commenced his remarks by professing his sin-
cere acknowledgments to those gentlemen on both
sides of the House who, he knew, had been anx-
ious to obtain the floor, but had kindly consented
! to yield it to him, that he might have the opportu-
nity of addressing to the House a few hasty re-
marks before he should return to the army in
Mexico. While he thanked gentlemen for this
act of kindness, he begged leave to say that he
understood it to be intended by them, and so it
was received by him, as a tribute to the gallantry
of the brave men with whom he was associated.
For himself, he must say, that he felt humbled,
abashed, when he remembered how little he had
done to deserve such kindness, or to entitle him,
personally, to any such mark of regard. He
could wish it had been the fortune of the gallant
Davis, formerly a member on that floor, but now
far distant, engaged in fighting for his country,
now to stand where he did, and to receive front
gentlemen on every side the congratulations so
justly due to him, and to listen to the praises of
his brave compeers. For himself, he could pre-
tend to no merit: he had unfortunately been left
far in the rear of the war. And if he now ven-
tured to say a word in behalf of those who had
endured the severest hardships of war, whether in
the bloody streets of Monterey, or in-a yet sterner
form on the banks of the Rio Grande, he begged
gentlemen to believe that while he felt this to be
in some respects a most pleasant duty, it was m
others a duty full of pain; for he stood here after
six months' service as a volunteer, having seen no
actual warfare in the field.
Mr. B. went on to say, that it was not without
the most profound astonishment that he had ob-
served tho course of the present debate as it had
thus far proceeded. He was very sure that it was
not imagined, and would scarce be believed by his
gallant companions in Mexico, that in this, the
third week of the session, the American Congress
were in grave debate on the subject™ mobs in
Ohio, and by what numerical majorities certain
individuals had been chosen to the next Congress.
The men who had fought at Palo Alto, at Resaea,
and at Monterey, had not expected this. The
men who (by whose fault he would not pretend
to say, or whether by the fault of any one) had
endured on the banks of the Rio Gnande all that
fierce diseases, aggravated by the want of even the
necessaries, whether of war or of mere subsistence;
half clothed, hardly fed, were looking from Mata-
moros, or from Tampico, with all the earnestness
of their souls, for the moment of advancc; whose
eyes were looking alternately forward to the foe,
and backward for aid, support, and encouragement
from Congress and their friends at home; these
men certainly had not anticipated such a spectacle
on that floor as Mr. B. had had the pain to witness,
and must suffer the still greater pain of declaring
to them. Mr. R. said he was constrained, by what
he saw and heard, to believe that Congress were
not quite informed as to the actual state of things
in Mexico. However this mi ht be, he had a few
facts to state, to which he respectfully entreated
their attention. It was not his purpose to engage
for a moment in anything like political or party
controversy—where his sympathies had once been
he need not state; and where they had been there
they still were, and there they would remain,
through good and through evil fortune, unchanged.
But at present he could not perceive that the ques-
tion of Whig or Democrat had to be put, in order
to decide upon the only question which was or
which ought to be, before the House; and his ob-
ject was to urge the members of the House, with-
out regard to party distinctions or differences, to
act immediately—to act efficiently—to act at once
—to act now—in behalf of the gallant army now
toiling, bleeding, suffering, in a foreign land.
In the first place, he would say that the army in
Mexico needed more men and more money; and
they needed it now, without delay. Ho had been
informed that the entire force now in the field, in-
cluding Taylor's column, Butler's division, Wool's
column, and Patterson's division, was not over
11,500 men, excluding perhaps Gates's artillery
