92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
battalion and two other regiments, now recruiting
and some troops which might have arrived by this
ti-me atTampico. With this amount of force there
was an area of country to be covered which it was
difficult to describe. Commencing at Monterey,
it extended to Saltillo, Montemoredoz, Matamoros,
Camargo, Coahuila,and through Victoria toTam-
pico itself, and as much further as we might be able
to penetrate. Of this number he was understood to
say that it would require at least 3,000 to garrison
Saltillo and Monterey, and thus to hold the advance
we had already made in that direction, exclusive
of Chihuahua, Santa Fe, and California, and be-
sides what would be necessary in order to garrison
the various other posts we had established, whether
for peaceful or military purposes. [This statement
was very rapidly made by Mr. B., and possibly it
may not be given with entire accuracy by die re-
porter. He caught what points he could.j
Mr. B, went on to say that he understood that
the Congress of the United States and the Presi-
dent of the United States, kindled into ardor by
the glories which were gilding the national eagles,
were longing for new conquests and panting to
witness fresh triumphs of our arms. In that hope
he himself most fervently joined. But he would
press upon the House the question whether, let
the army approach the city of Mexico either by
the way of Fort St. Juan or by that of San Luis
Potosi, it was possible with ten, or twelve, or four-
teen thousand men to cover the country we had,
and push ouradvancc to the consummation of the
war? He expressed the opinion, not without great
diffidence*, but he must say he doubted whether it
was possible, with that amount of the very best
soldiers America ever sent into the field, (and bet-
ter troops, braver, more unflinching, more patient,
more persevering, never were sent from any coun-
try,) to conquer eight millions of people. Let it
be recollected that this little army of fifteen thou-
sand men was to be scattered over an area of cgun-
try extending five hundred miles from east to west,
and about four hundred from north to south, where 1
all the means of communication were uncertain,
and was filled with a hostile population. How
could such a number of soldiers, even the best dis-
ciplined and the most skilful and experienced, di-
vided into ^/o or throe columns, separately oper-
ating, be ejected to prosecute their advance, and
have it marked, as it has thus far been, only with
glory and honor?
But it was asked, to what use would it be to re-
inforce the army to any great extent, because, even ;
if wc could secure the capital itself, and plant our I
.standard over the city of Mexico, we should be no !
nearer to a pocice than we were this day? If that !
was true, it surely ought to have been considered j
before we commenced the war, and especially be- !
fore we commenced an invasion of the Mexican i
territory. Mexico had commenced an attack on"i
what we claimed as American soil, and Mr. B. was i
not one of those who were for yielding it up to i
them, cither then or now. If the war were just, |
it did not follow that it was a war of invasion; as ;
a war of defence, it had been most glorious to the !
American arms. So far as it could be called a war 1:
upon the ocean, we had it m our power to laugh i
all opposition to scorn. A war of invasion had not !
been necessarily incumbent upon us; yet the House '
voted the supplies for its prosecution almost unani- !
mously. There was, as he understood, scarcely ;
a dissenting voice as to the propriety of the advance 1
of our army. All parties, and all classes of people j
among us, were agreed, that, if wc made war at 1
all, it ought to be sudden, vigorous, and brief. :
The army did advance accordingly, and we had [
gamed, in a brief space of time, three great battles, j
We had advanced, it was tiue, some three hull- i
dred miles into the Mexican territory. Yet we '
had scarcely, to any perceptible extent, weakened
the country or crippled its resources. On the con-
trary, it was a matter of not a little doubt and 1
Mr. B. was one who greatly doubted—whether
Mexico was not stronger this day than she had ■
ever been-, more united, more nationalized, more 1
concentrated in one public opinion and feeling; I
looking more unitedly towards a single leader; ;
more heroic, he was about to say—and he would <
say more heroic; for it was always heroic in any .
people to put forth effort in defence of their coun- i
try. j
He repeated the declaration, that at this moment, >
so far from being weakened, Mexico was more j
concentrated in effort, more united in public opm- 1
ion, more capable of sustaining a prolonged and
desperate conflict than she had ever been before.
From this state of things, if it did indeed exist,
Congress ought to derive only a deeper and moie
impressive sense of its duty in relation to this war,
and us duty note. It was on this {joint that he
-now wished to be heard, and it was in relation to
this alone that he had brought himself to consent
to open his lips at all.
Mr. B. said he should not take upon him to
predict whether it would be in our power to com-
pel a peace, even should we attempt to dictate its
terms in the palaces of Mexico itself. But of one
thing he felt very sure; and that was, that nothing
we had effected thus far was in itself sufficient to
convince the Mexicans that we were able to con-
quer them. They felt, and always had, that the
territory we had overrun, the cities we had storm-
ed, the towns we fiad seized upon, constituted but
comparatively an unimportant part of their coun-
try, and were in nowise the seat of their power.
With the exception that we had blockaded their
ports, (and even this blockade, if he had been
lightly informed, had been much more earnestly
talked about than rigidly enforced,) we had done
nothing as yet which seriously crippled the re-
sources of Mexico at all. By a capitulation which
Mr. B. was understood by the reporter to say he
considered to have been both just and wise, the
Mexican army had retired from Monterey with
almost all their arms and munitions of war. What
they had left behind them consisted chiefly of that
which they wanted the least, and of which they
could furnish the most. Mr. B. referred to this
mainly with a view of impressing on the House
the fact that we had as yet done nothing which
enabled us to conquer a peace. The war seemed
yet to be accomplished. And how? Mr. B. said
he understood, and he presumed it was correct,
that the President had called for ten additional
regiments. Was it so? [Voices: " Yes, he has."J
Mr. B. believed that one of those regiments had
been ordered from Louisiana, another from Noith
Carolina, another from Virginia, and one from
Massachusetts, but that they had not yet set for-
ward. Massachusetts and Louisiana, he under-
stood, were not yet leady. North Carolina was
just beginning to get awake. But, suppose all the
regiments ordered, should be forthwith filled up,
and all should march; and supposing (what was
not always the case in volunteer regiments) there
were no men of straw, when would they get there?
And when they did arrive, liovv many men would
they be able to concentrate to be added to those
who were to make the advance to the city of
Alexico, whether they went by the southern route,
by way of Vera Cruz, or the other, by the way of
San Louis Potosi? Mr. B. said he understood
from authority on which he believed he mightrely,
that Santa Ana had at this time about twenty-five
thousand men, well drilled, and in a high state of
military preparation. The clergy, the landhold-
ers, the men of the old revolution, and, above all,
the Mexican women, seemed kindled into a high
state ot patriotic enthusiasm, and burning to meet
and to repel the mvadcis.
Then there was another thing which ought to
be well considered. Whatever the advance of our
forces, it was to be made during this coming win-
ter; the reasons must be obvious. Less than six i
mouths ago Congress had sent into the field as .
many as twenty-six regiments of volunteers, all
burning with the most exalted hopes, and ready to
peril their all, health, reputation, life itself, not in
a defensive, but in an invasive war; a war not
undertaken to defend their own homes and fire-
sides, but for the glory of the American name and
arms. Alas! how many of these fine young men,
who had never seen a battle, never had cast their j
stern glance on the countenance of an enemy, were i
now sleeping their last sleep on the banks of the i
Rio Grande! Once their heart heaved high with ]
a soldier's fondest hopes; proud and light had been j
their measured footsteps as they marched in all the 1
buoyancy of youthful ambition. But now  I
i% Where rolJt- tlie luslmig fiio Giandr,
How peacefully tliey sleep!
They did not hill in bloody >tnte
Upon a well-fougiit field.
Not from the reef wound poured their hfc,
Whore coweung tocmen jield.
Th5 archangel's ^hado was tlowly cast
tTpon each polished brow;
But, calm and fearless to the last,
r^aey ftlet-p securely now."
The bones of nearly two thousand young men,
in whose veins flowed some of the best blood of
this country, were now resting in the mould on
the banks of the Rio Grande, who never had seen
the face of an enemy, and who never had had the
opportunity of striking one manly blow in behalf
of their country and their race. For this Mr. B.
did not feel inclined, at this moment, to blame any-
body. It was quite impossible to appreciate fully
the difficulties of a campaign: especially was this
impossible to those who sat at ease, far from dan-
ger and alarms, in the security of home. They
(! could imagine little of the horrors of a campaign
;! in an enemy's country—a country almost entirely
;j unknown, with a sickly climate, and in an unpre-
j pared condition. The regiment with which Mr.
[j B. served had gone to the field with eight hundred
ii and twenty men—young, hearty, gallant, ambi-
|j tious, adventurous, and bold: of these at least five
11 hundred were young men who came from homes
ij of their own, acquired by their personal labor and
economy, or from the domestic circles of their
parents' dwellings, who lived in the same inde-
pendence. Seven hundred of them could ^yitlx ease
have earned three times what the Government
promised them as pay. Out of these eight hun-
dred men nearly one hundred now slept on the
banks of that doleful river, while two hundred of
them had returned mere skeletons and shadows, to
find in the bosom of their friends and the embraces
of their anxious families that repose and renova-
tion which their shattered frames and dejected
spirits so greatly needed. The same was true of
the other regiments. It was true of the other regi-
ment from Illinois: it was true of the Kentucky
regiment: it was true of the Alabama regiment: it
| was true of the Indiana regiment: it was true of
j every one of the regiments which had encamped
; on the fatal banks of the*Rio Grande. They all
They l..
had fallen victims to the diseases incident to the
; climate, to the waters, to the change of food, and
' to a hundred other things which combined to de-
j press and dishearten the devoted men who had
| fondly sought glory on the field of their country's
| cause. Mr. B. did not refer to these things m any
spirit of rcproach or of complaint: he should not
be worthy of the honor of being the representative
on this occasion of those brave men in whose be-
half he ventured to raise his voice in that Hall if
j he would condescend to complain. What they
|i had done, they had done from the love of country;
i! lor the love of glory; for the hope of such an im-
i' mortality in their country's annals as would be
shared by Worth, by Davis, by Campbell, by
!| McNeall, by Ringgold, by McCJung, by McKa-
vett, and hundreds more, their brave and chival-
; rous companions in arms. They had done it that
. they might be honored while they lived, lamented
i when they died, and remembered ever after. But
I as a representative of the people (and he spoke not
( now as an offiocr) he would say that it was cold-
| blooded cruelty to desire again to expose these
| men to a summer's campaign, when by zeal and
1 energy manifested now, the war might be ended
; before next April.
i Mr. B. was not here to discuss the question how
j these troops could be raised, or how they could be
j supplied with money. If he should ask a ques-
' tmn hke that, sure he was that from every quarter
. of that Hall would spring the spontaneous reply,
, " these United States can raise all the men and all
; the money which the cause and glory of the coun-
; try might require." Pennsylvania, he understood,
i was ready with more men. Illinois, after sending
three thousand, could send three thousand moie.
If the war could be ended now, why should wo
hesitate? What would be gained by delay? ^Vas
, there ever to be a peace? "Wore we ever to obtain,
j peace upon honorable terms ? Was it to be by ad-
vancing or receding? Were we to go forward or
to retire? In God's name, if we were to retire, let
i know it at once. Ii wc were to dictate a peace
! ^le enemy, why could we not as well do it by
j next April as by next December? Would it cost
, any more to send thirty thousand men now than
; to send the same number next season to wither
' and waste away beneath the scorching beams of a
: Mexican sun? No. He asked them, with all the
. earnestness of his nature he asked it—on whatever
I else gentlemen here might differ—whether they
I chose to blame the Whigs for refusing to support
| the war, or blame the Democrats for beginning the
i war without necessity, (and he should not engage
| m any discussion of that point,) he asked the
' blouse, m the name of those who had suffered, of
