1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
maining strength to masticate. He had seen him
obliged to pay twenty-five cents a pound for bacon,
and ten cents a pound for what was called baker's
bread, twenty cents a pound for sugar—expendi-
tures which were rendered necessary by the state
of his health.
Mr. B. was not to be told that a soldier ought
to be content with the army rations, and confined
to them. In a case of necessity, the volunteers
i: were willing to be restricted to this, and they never
I grumbled at it. But he would say, in their name,
^ if Congress would say they had behaved gallantly
i —had done their duty well—and would at once
| give them three months' pay, they would regard
; it with gratitude; while, at the same time, Congress
would have done no more than an act of sheer
justice to their merit, in acknowledging that they
I had done more than could justly have been ex- ii
: peeled from any mere volunteer soldiery in the |!
| world. Mr. B. did not care a cent whether this jj
, war cost thirty millions, or one hundred millions, I
I or any larger sum: so long as the war continued, ji
he would give liberal supplies of money. It had
war. Many gentlemen might very sincerely think
that our relations with Mexico had not been alto-
gether well managed before the war commenced!
and others might have doubted the policy as well
as the expediency of pointing our cannon over
Matamoros, and bullying and attacking Mexico, a
weaker republic. But need these honest differ-
ences of opinion interfere with our action in behalf
of the country? Many entertained these differ-
ences who nevertheless fought side by side at
Monterey. It was more than we had a right to
expect of human nature, that men should agree
perfectly on every subject. The thing was not
possible. But ought we on that account to indulge
m mutual crimination and recrimination? Hehoped
not; he begged not; he entreated that instead of
this, gentlemen would agree in giving aid to our
army. Send them aid, comfort, succor, and sup-
port. Let the eloquence of gentlemen be what one
gentleman in the debate had'quoted /rom Demos-
thenes: let it be action ! action!! action!!!
As a Whig, did Mr. B. still occupy a place on
that floor, he should not think it woith while to
been strongly doubted in some quarters, whether 1 reply to such a charge as that the Whigs were not
\olunteei tioops ever could be made into effective j friends of their country, because many of them
soldiers; but all such doubts had been dissipated ^ ^ - ■
forever. The volunteer regiments that had storm-
ed Monterey, could do anything. The volunteer
those who had fought, and were yetVilling and
eager to light the battles of their country, to send
them aid—to send them comfort, subsistence, sup-
port, supplies, munitions of war. He besought
gentlemen to let our brave army take the advance
and keep it, till they should obtain their hearts'
desire, by spreading the nation's banners over the
city of Mexico. Either the a|my (if well sup-
ported) could do this before April next, or the war
promised to be interminable. For himself, he was
not one of those who deemed it an easy task to
conquer a nation. He believed it had been said
by Madame de Stael (the very distinguished gen-
tleman from South Carolina before him, who knew
everything about these things, could correct him if
he was wrong) that " a nation true to itself never
was conquered." Mexico was said to have a
population of eight millions, sparsely spread over
u country more difficult to be invaded and more
easily to be defended than any other he knew
of in the world. Their climate—the very ele-
ments—fought for them. Even the sterility of
their soil was in itself a defence. An invading ]
army found no subsistence. The habits of their j
population—the training of the Mexican from his j
youth, enabled them to endure what no people not
so trained ever could undergo. A Mexican sol- ,
diet* would live and grow fat where an American 1
soldier would starve to death. Their horses wanted 1 regiments who had endureel on^the banks of the
no food, while every barrel of oats which our " Rio Grande, could suffer anything. And was it
horses required must be brought at least two thou- not in doing and in suffering that all consisted i
sand miles. In leply to many jokes around him, j. which went to make up the soldier? Let the war !
Mr. B. begged that gentlemen would not under- 1 cost what it would, it had demonstrated to our-j
stand him quite literally when he paid Mexican J selves, and demonstrated to the world, that, in I
horses needed no food—eat they did. If it was j, case of the country's necessity, she could demand j
necessary, he would make a personal explanation j: thirty, ay, a hundred thousand—yes, five hundred ij strongly doubting both the'expediency and the
on that subject afterwards. But they were so used || thousand—a million and a halt of men, capable of !j justice of the war against Greece; gave his advice
to the scanty subsistence they picked up on their j1 making the best infantry, the best artillery, the j| against it; had no sympathy with Pans, whom he
own barren soil, that they could live upon a (• best cavalry, the best everything in the world, j bitterly reproached, and still less, probably, with
" range," (as it was called in the West,) where jt The solution of that problem was worth all the I! Helen. Yet when the war came, when the Gre-
jj cost of the war, and ten times more. He be- j| cian forces were marshalled on the plain, and their
sought gentlemen—he earnestly implored them, crooked keels were seen cutting the sands of the
j: as one who had seen a little, and but a little, of \\ Trojan coast, Hector was a flaming fire, his beam-
;! this war—nothing of battle, but a little of its pri- I' ing helmet was seen ever in the thickest of the fight.
11 vations and trials—he implored them, as one of the i There were in the American army many men
, Representatives of the people, as one connected i! who had the spirit of Hcctor, who strongly doubt-
with the Government of* this great and glorious , ed the propriety of the war, and especially of the
| country, that they would send speedy aid and com-! i manner of fts commencement, who were at all
fort to their volunteer troops, who were pressing ,! times ready to pour out the best Mood of their
j for the advance, longing, panting, to meet the foe. \ ' hearts like water, and their life with it, on a foreign
I, He entreated gentlemen not now to delay, to de- ' ' * ~   " *
j1 liberate on points of minor importance. He said
; j this to gentlemen on all sides of the House—not
! to any one political party did he address this ap-
|j peal; not to the Whigs, for he knew them far too
jj well to doubt of their patriotism; they had proved
it on every occasion. Men who differed from each
doubted the justice, or expediency of the present
war. Surely there was more evidence of the pa-
triotism of the man who, doubting the expediency
and even the entire justice of the war, nevertheless
supported it because it was the war of his country,
than of the man who was fully convinced that it
was both just and expedient, in the one it might
be mere enthusiasm and an impetuous tempera-
ment; in the other it was true patriotism and a
sense of duty. Homer represented Hector as
our American horses would perish.
Mr. B. went on to say that the national feeling
of the Mexicans was beginning to kindle, and
would soon burn with an intense flame. He was
free to confess that he felt somewhat doubtful as to
the result, provided their strong country was de-
fended as it might be defended, unless an adequate
amount of men, with full snpplies and munitions
of war, should speedily be sent into the field to re-
inforce our brave army. Of one thing he was very
sure, however, and that was, that the American
people and the American army were all m favor
of a sharp, sudden, brilliant war—they went for
advance—for constant, unceasing, victorious, tri-
umphant advance. Mr. B. spoke in behalf not
only of the regiment with which he was connected,
but for all those other regiments of volunteers who
had periled everything on the banks of the Rio
Grande without seeing the face of an enemy, when
he said that they all desired war. They panted
for the battle; and they waited eagerly for rein-
forcements, so that they might at least strike one
hard blow before the period of their enlistment ex-
pired.
Mr. B. said that, independently of raising more
volunteers at home, the regular army in the
field, as well as the volunteer force, desired not
only but deserved, (ah! far more did they deserve
than desire,) but they both desired and deserved
more of support, aid, and comfort, than they yet
had received at their country's hands. He had
heard, and believed it was true, that the other
branch of the Legislature had received favorably
a proposition to allow the army three months' ex
other as to whether Henry Clay or James K. Polk
was the better man; who differed about the tariff;
who differed about distribution; who differed about
49 or * * " * Ah!
" Oh bivatlie not it& name—let it sleep in the shade."
But surely differences like these should not be
permitted to affect the heart of an American, nor
palsy his hand at the hour of his country's need.
In the armytwe are all Whigs and all Democrats,
(as Mr. Jeffeison once said.) It was &aid that
Mr. Webster, on a late occasion at Philadelphia,
threw out strong doubts as to the justice of this
war: yet lie had a son who had already mustered a
company for the field, and Mr. B. did not believe
the younger Webster to be any more of a patriot
than his father. Mr. Calhoun, too, he beiieved,
had declined to vote on one important question
j; shore, in defence of the American flag and of
j! American glory. From what Mr. B. knew of
J our people generally, he felt assured that all such
I attacks would pass them as the idle wind. The
j charge was not true; it could not be true in the
j nature of things. We all loved our country, and
it was utterly useless for one party to charge the
tra pay in advance. He hoped this would be done. '! touching the war; and yet he, too, had a gallant
It would be preferable to them, and, as he believed,
far more useful and necessary for them, to receive
this allowance now than to receive the same or
even more prospectively, in any shape whatever.
The volunteer legiments—many of them at least,
he believed most of them—had not received any
pay for six months. This had been the case with
the Illinois regiment. When at last they did get
their pay, a private received seven dollars a month
and was compelled to pay for articles indispensable
to him the most exorbitant prices. He had seen
the brave youth who had left the bosom of his
home with all its abundance, in the full strength
of opening manhood, now worn down and wasted
by disease, purchasing (having borrowed the mo-
ney) at fifty cents a pound at a sutler's store, a
morsel of cheese to moisten his lips parching with
son at the head of a New York regiment, who was
other with a want of patriotism. Mr, B, was
proud and happy to be able to say that there were
Whigs in the front of our army who had deported
themselves as bravely on the day of battle as the
bravest of opposite opinions. Whether this war
should be ended in April or not, should our regi-
ments be again and again decimated as they had
been, whether in battle or in the contagion of a
camp; whether acting or suffering; whether in the
heart of Mexico or unwillingly lingering on th§
banks of a pestilential river, they would still be
found doing their duty and their whole duty to the
country so long as life endured. They loved their
country.
Mr. B. said he had come here charged rather
with a military than a civil duty; and if he had
said anything to which, from his position, fresh
as he was from the ranks of the army, the House
had been disposed to listen with kind attention, he
panting for the field. From Illinois, his own be- 'i had said it mainly in the hope and desire that they
loved State, two Whigs and two Democrats com-
manded the regiments fiom that State; and at the
, storming of Monterey there had been a contest be-
tween a Democratic'regiment under Davis, and a
Whig regiment under McClung, not who should
i hold back or avoid danger, but who should he the
! first to court it in the imminent and deadly
j breach." Then there was Mr. Crittenden, than
! whom a braver soldier never set his foot in the
field, had given to this war two sons—the one at
' the head of a company, the other seeking glory on
i his own hook—where his father had found it in
! the war of 1812. How could it be otherwise than
would give their support to a resolution which he
held in his hand, and which he proposed to offer,
or get a friend to offer at the earliest proper oppor-
tunity. It had been drawn up, on Mr. B.'s ear-
nest request, by the Secretary of War, after he had
listened to a statement of the existing circumstan-
ces of the volunteers. [Cries of 'J Read! Read!"]
It authorizes the Secretary of "War to deliver to
the commanding officers of any regiment of volun-
teers such clothing as may be needed for said vol-
unteers, the same to be furnished to the non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, at the
cost sum to the Govemment, the amount to be
deducted fiom the pay of said volunteers—thg
commanding officers to whom the clothing is de-
that we who had been privileged to draw our first
breath on the broad bosom of this land of freemen  
fever, haying no other provision allowed lum but ij should love our country? There might be a very jj livered to be responsible for its delivery to the
salt pork and hard biscuit, which he had scarce re- Ii honest difference of opinion as to the origin of this i! volunteers or return it to the United States.
