96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29.
memorial to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and printing it; on which mo-
tion-— . .
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON asked a division
of the question.
The question was then put on committing the
memorial, and carried.
And on the second branch of the question, viz:
to print the memorial, being put—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON opposed the motion
to print. He alluded to the uniform practice of the
House in refusing to print private memorials, un-
less in peculiar circumstances, and on very impor-
tant subjects.
Mr. ICING replied to the objection. The oppo-
sition to the printing was placed on the ground
that private memorials were never printed. Even
if that were so, it would not apply; for this was
not the memorial of a private individual, but of all
the members of the Kriends Society in all New
England, and it came fiom a body numbering up-
wards of nine thousand persons. They were as
respectable m character as any other body of peo-
ple in the United States; they were men who de-
sired to " render to Oresar the things which were
Ca;sar's, and unto God the things which were
God's." Their opposition to war was with them
matter of conscience: it was no new furor which
had seized them on the present occasion, but the
ancient faith held by them and their fathers. The
memorial contained a respectful prayer that peace
might be preserved. He thought it was entitled
to be treated with more respect. There could be
no objection to the printing on the ground of ex-
pensej as it would not cost more than three or four
dollars. The subject was an interesting one; the
paper was not of a party character. The Friends
never had taken sides in party strife; they came
here in the amiable character of friends of peace,
and their memorial was like themselves, modest
and courteous. Mr. K. hoped the House would
not refuse to these unassuming petitioners what it
had often granted to others neither so numerous
nor so respectable.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, objected to the
printing, for the reasons set forth in the memorial
itself. He wanted to avoid wasteful and profligate
expenditure of the public money, that it might be
saved to be applied to the war. It had been said
that the printing would cost but three or four dol-
lars. It might be so; and that was a very small
sum: but a precedent would thus lie set for the
printing of every private memorial. He asked
gentlemen to look at the expenses of the public
printing of this House: it had grown to an enor-
mous amount; and all in this very way. The
House printed papers of all sorts; and though the
expense of each might be but small, the aggregate
swelled to a vast amount. It had not been usual
to print private memorials. It had sometimes been
done, butgencrally through inadvertence. Mr. H.
had always been opposed to the practice, and
should be now.
Mr. HAMLIN had voted against laying this
memorial on the table because he was in favor of
having it printed. It might happen that there was
greater propriety in printing a memorial signed by
a single individual than another from a numerous
body. It depended more on the subject of the
memorial than on the number of signers. When
a memorial was addressed to Congress on a sub-
ject of very great importance, he was in favor of
printing it. This came from a body of highly re-
spectable individuals, consisting of some nine or
ten thousand, spread all over New England. The
paper was short and respectful. By ordering it to
be printed the House neither endorsed its senti-
ments nor contradicted them. The memorial
might deny the justice of the war, and yet Mr.
H., who was one of the firmest and most dccided
supporters of the war, might be disposed to print
it; for to refuse might look like shrinking from
the freest examination of the subject, and the full-
est expression of public sentiment in regard to it.
This Mr. H. was in nowise disposed to do.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON disclaimed all in-
tention to cast the slightest disrespect on this
memorial, or on those from whom it came. Noth-
ing was further from his intention. But the paper
proposed no new legislation: it offered no new
argument. Everybody knew that Quakers were
in favor of peace, and that they were conscientious
in thejr views on that subject. Mr. T. also was
for peace; but he sought it by the means of war.
The Friends wanted it without war. They took
different paths towards the same end. He saw
nothing striking in the language or sentiments of
the memorial, nor anything that called for its being
printed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that, representing
a very large body of that class of peaceable Chris-
tians whose brethren and sisterhood were asso-
ciated, as he understood, in the memorial that was
now presented, he felt himself somewhat peculiar-
ly called upon to say a word in their behalf. They
were not, lie believed, associated in that sort of
corporate body or institution which would permit
them to come forward to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States in the way that many other bodies of
individuals, either of a religious or a civil combi-
nation, were in the habit of coming. They must,
therefore, receive them according to what, for
some hundieds of years, had been tolerated as
their course of conduct—that of voluntary associa-
tion, without that particular combination of cir-
cumstances that gave aggregation to bodies in the
ordinary view of the law of the land. The memo-
rialists were of the highest degree of respectability.
He believed that in the Society of Friends at large,
there had never been a thief—never such a thing
as a pauper. So far, therefore, as the point of
moral degradation or poverty was concerned, they
were above reproach. Their respectability and in-
telligence being conceded on all hands, he would
ask if it had not been customary to print that sort
of appeal that should be made in the spirit of pa-
triotism as well as of peace to the Congress ot the
United States? He appealed to his friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] whether, with a few
exceptions, which only proved the rule, the House
had not been in the habit of printing memorials
comingfrom large bodies of citizens identified with,
the great interests of humanity and philanthropy
of the country and of the world? What objection,
then, could there be to their memorial? Ilis hon-
orable friend from Alabama [Mr. Houston] had,
he thought, taken an erroneous view of the sub-
ject. If they could convince this country, as he
(Mr. I.) thought they could in course of time—
and that was one of his principal reasons in rising
to urge the printing of the memorial on all sides of
the House—if they could convince the country
and the world—especially if they could convince
the enemies of the country, that 110 body was op-
posed to a proper, and vigorous, and spirited, and
patriotic prosecution of the war in which the coun-
try was now engaged, except that body of Chris-
tians of universal peace—who did not oppose this
particular war alone, who took no part at all in the
question of which was right and which was wrong,
but were actuated by that spirit of humanity which
they trusted would' one day or other pervade the
whole civilized world-—if, he said, they convinced
the world that that was the only party opposed to
the war, and that it was opposed only on these
general principles, in his opinion much would be
done to ensure the prosecution of the war with the
greatest vigor and effect.
Mr. BOWLIN opposed the printing; contend-
ing that, though highly respectable, these memo-
rialists were not more so than others. Kissing
went too much by favor in that House. Mr. B.
had endeavored three several times this morning
to get leave to present a memorial from a sovereign
State, and it had been thrice refused. Y£t this
memorial, from a handful of Quakers, must be
printed. If it came from a State Legislature he
would vote for it, but he must now vote in the
negative.
Mr. HARALSON moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question, viz:
Shall the memorial be printed? was ordered to be
put; when—
Mr. BURT moved to lay the motion to print
the memorial on the table; 011 which motion the
yeas and nays were ordered to be taken, and were:
Yeas 77, nays 65.
So the motion to lay the motion to print the me-
morial 011 the table was carried.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to examine all applications for light-
houses and buoys presented at the last and present
session, and to report a bill for the erection of such
as they may deem expedient.
Mr. ARNOLD moved the following resolution,
which, giving rise to debate, lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of appro-
priating the sum of five hundred dollars for a sur-
vey of the harbor of Block Island, in the State of
Rhode Island, and an estimate of the cost of erect-
ing a breakwater, which shall make that harbor
safe and convenient, and a report of its practica-
bility and importance to the commerce on that
coast; the survey, estimate, and report to be made
under the direction of the Secretary of war.
Mr. CRANSTON presented the memorial of the
representatives of the Yearly Meeting of Friends,
in New England, against wars, held at EastGreen-
wieh, in Rhode Island, in May, 1846.
Mr. C. observed that the memorial was received
by him towards the close of the last session, when
he made a number of unsuccessful efforts to pre-
sent it. He. had deemed the memorial too impor-
tant to be spently passed to the Speaker's table,
under the rule, and therefore preferred to retain it
until a more suitable opportunity was allowed him
openly, and from his place, to present the memo-
rial to the consideration of the House. Mr. C.
added, that, in view of the disposition just now
made of a similar memorial, he was unwilling to
consume the time of the House in any attempt to
accomplish anything more for these memorialists
than to have the memorial read and refened to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. hoped that no objection would be made to
a request so perfectly reasonable. And he felt
confident none would be made; for the fact was
well known, he presumed, to every member of the
House, that the " Friends" were never in the
habit of appealing to Congress except when a deep
sense of religious duty rendered such an appeal
proper and necessary, at least 111 their judgment.
Mr. PETTIT stating that he wished to debate
the memorial, it was laid over.
Mr. DILLINGHAM (on leave) introduced a
bill changing the places and fixing the times for
holding the circuit and distiiet courts in the dis-
trict of Vermont; which bill was twice read, and
referred to the Committee 011 the Judicial y.
Mr. PRESTON KING gave notice that he
would, at an early day, ask leave to introduce " a
bill making further provision for the expenses at-
tending the intercourse between the United States
and foreign nations," being the bill known as the
§2,000,000 bill, which passed the House of Rep-
resentatives at the close of the last session, and
lost in the Senate.
?vlr. NIVEN moved the following resolution;
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing one copy of J. Disturnell's new map of
Mexico for ea^h of the members of this House.
Mr JACOB THOMPSON moved to reconsider
the resolution, and stated lus intention to debate
it, and the resolution was accordingly laid over.
Mr-. CULVER offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the petition of certain persons of
the " Society of Friends," of Easton, New York,
praying the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, be taken from the table and referred to
the standing committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
The resolution was read, and the question being
put, Will the House agree theieto? it was decided
in the negative; and the resolution was lejecteci.
On motion of Mr. RUNK,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Flem-
ington, Hunterdon county, New Jersey, to Ger-
man Valley, by the way of Lebanonville and
Cokesberry, to said Valley; also, from Flemington
to Ringoes, by the way of Greenville.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing that portion of the judiciary law which
authorizes the taking depositions ex parte without
notice, and of reporting a supplemental bill, re-
quiring that notice to the opposite party, or his
attorney on record, shall in all cases be given.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved the following resolu-
tion, which, giving rise to debate, was laid over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the establishment of buoys, &c.,
in the river Delaware, between Philadelphia and
