THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR &, RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1847.
New Series No. 7.
Bristol, so as to vender more convenient and safe
the navigation of the said river by marking the
channel thereof.
On motion of Mr BUFFINQTON,
Resolved, That leave be given to withdraw from
flie files of the House the petition and accompany-
ing papers of Jeremiah Murphy, asking for a pen-
sion.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER,
Resolved, That John Mitchell have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers, which have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, from
the files of the House.
On motion of Mr, C. J, INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Committees respectively on
Military Affairs, and on Naval Affairs, and or. the
Militia, inquire and report to this House whether,
instead of the present mode of enlistment and ap-
pointment in the army and navy of the United
tStates, private soldiers and sailors may not be pro-
cured by drafts, and officeis by promotion of pri-
vates.
On motion of Mr. LIGON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
-and Post Roads be instructed to inquire lKto the
expediency of establishing a post route from Elli-
cott's Mills to Rockville, in the State of Mary-
land.
On motion of Mr. SEDDGN,
Resolre.iL, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the allowance of a reason-
able compensation to the clerks of the district
courts of the United States, for the labor performed
by them in making out the returns exhibiting the
operations of the late bankrupt law of the United
•States, called for by a circular from the Secretary
of State, in execution of a lesolutiun of the House
of Representatives of the 28th Congress.
On motion of Mr, BIGGS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
•Means inquire into the expcdicncy of making an
appropriation to reimburse the owners of loan office
-certificates issued under the authority of the Con-
gress of the Confederation.
On motion of Mr. BARRTNGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire, into expe-
diency of establishing a post route weekly ftom
Salisbury, in North Carolina,-by way of Brinkle's
Ferry, to Troy, in Montgomery county, m North
•Carolina, as reported m the post office bill of the
last session of Congress.
On motion of Mr, DOCKERY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of establishing a post route from Albe- j
■marie, in the State of North Carolina, by Daniel '
%Keap's and Morgan's Mills, to Clear Creek post j
office and back, by Thomas Rowland's. [
Mr. BURT presented the memorial of John :
Luwe, praying an appropnation to enable him to '
construct and embellish a copy of his astronomic j
chart upon a new principle, for the use of theUnited !
States; winch memorial was referred to the Com- J
mittee on the Library. i
Mr. COBS called up the resolution he submitted !
a few "driys ago, repealing so much of the 41st rule !
of the House as permits " any member requesting ;
to be excused from voting to make a brief veibal !
statement of the reasons for making such re- j
quest." |
Mr. COBB moved the previous question. j
A motion was made that the House do now ad- '
journ, which was not earned. ;
The question then recurred on seconding the !
previous question; and, on a division of the House, '
a quorum did not vote. !
The House then adjourned. ;
trator of Matthew Bell, a-km? for money due «aid Matthew
at the time of liis death as a dragoon, in 38.34. Also, the
petition of Peter Huston, a lieutenant tn the notlme^tirn
army, during the last war u itii Great Britain, asking for a
pension.
By Mr. THURMAN: Evidence accompanying House bill
No. 403, entitled "A bill for the relief of Thomas Scott,
register of the land office at Chilhcothe, for set viee^ con-
nected with the duties of his office."
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Massachusetts: The memorial
of the President and Fellows of Harvard University, in rela-
tion to the duties on hooks and scientific apparatus imported
for the use of colleges.
By Mr. WiNTHROP r -The petitions of Thomas C. Wales,
of Boston, and of S. fi. Bahoock, of Boston, severally pray-
ing indemnification for French spoliation? pnor to 1800.
By Mr. SEI)DOAT: The petition of John N. Breckhou^e
and John Sunpknis, administrators of Covington Snnpkins,
deceased,.pinying indemnity for spoliations f)j- the French
poor to 1800.
By Mr. MILLER: A memorial from sundry ship owners
and merchants of the env ot New \ ork. in relation to the
law of libel of ship-. Al.-o. the petition of the pilots or the
poi t of New York. Also. a petition ftom Geor<rc WiJke-, and
1,300 citizen^ of New York city, m faun of a National Rail-
road to the Pfinfif opean
Bv Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of Pavid Melville,
administrator on the estate of Benjamin Fry, deceased.
AJ-jO, the petition of Samuel Allen, for allowance of com-
missions. Al-o, the petition of citizens of Providence, ask-
ing for an appropriation to remote obstructions from the
enuance of the harbor ot Providence. Also, the petition of
citizens of Ma^aclm-efts and Rhode Islan#. asking an ap-
propriation to leinove obstmchons m the livei near Paw-
tucket. "Also, the petition of Philip Allen and others, pray-
ing indemnity for spoliations committed by the French Gov-
ernment previous to 1800 Also, the petition of Samuel
Gladding, piavin* for i emission of duties.
By Mr. ABBOTT- The petition of Leonard Ward and
sixty-nine other-*, citizens of Andover. Massachusetts, pray-
ing Confess to use all constitutional powers for terminating
as soon as possible the Mexican war, without any further
effusion of blood.
By Mr. BAYLY • The petition of Jo^iah Colston, praying
that the accounting officers of the tieasurv may he directed
to open his accounts as purser in the navv, mid make him
sundtj allowances. AKo. the petition of Robeit Anueison,
ndmimstiatoi of Patrick Maccaniy, piajing that Congress
mav make an appiopriation to satisfy the claimants for
French spoliations prior to 1^00. Also, the petition of John
N. Bredxhou^e and John Smipkin=. adminic-tratois. of Cov-
niiiton Simpkms.deceased. wuhaMmilai prajer. Also, the
petition of Joice Biliiips. with a similar piayer.
Bv Mi. GRINNELTij The petition of all the Marine In-
s'tuance Companies of the city of New York, against the
repeal of the pilot law of 1837. Also, the petitions of David
Anthonv,of Fall River,"Reuben Cook,of Piovmcetown.and
T. B White,ofNewBedford,askingremunerationfoj Fiench
spoliations pnor to 1800.
By Mr. WOODWARD • The memorial of the President
and'Faeulty of the South Carolina College, praying a repeal
of the duties on books imported by colleges and hterarv in-
stitutions.
By Mr FRIES: The petition of Chailes Foreman, of Car-
roll coimtv, Ohio.
Bv Mr ROBF.RTS* The memoiia! of William W. Yerhy,
of Hinds county, Mississippi, asking to be permitted to com-
plete and perfect his entiy (as assignee of Thomas Joidan)
to a certain quaifer section ot land therein described. Also,
the petition of the le^al repiesentative-- ofLemuel P. Mont-
gomerv, deceased, oiayina: a pension and bounty lands.
By Mr HURARD. ot Virginia: The uiemnri:il of Willis
Wilson and William W. Wilson, heirs of Willis Wilson,
! deceased, petitioning Confess for fi\e years' full pay due
! the lattei tor ievoiutionar> services.
IN SENATE.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. SPEAKER: The petition of Caleb Bell, adnnnis-
j Wednesday, December 30, 1846. • I
| On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the reading i
| of the Journal was.dispftiised with; when— j
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, rose and ad- :
i dressed the Senate as follows: |
' Mr. President: Louisiana has to mourn the loss j
| of another of her distinguished sons! It is with I
i unfeigned soriow I announce to the Senate the j
; death of my late friend and colleague, the Hon. ■
i Alexander Barrow, who died at Baltimore yes- |
; terday morning; at five o'clock, after a shoit and
I violent attack of illness, which would not yield to
, the best medical skill. All the relief that medical ;
■ science and skill could accomplish was applied in j
; vain. He left this city on the 24th instant, on a '
short visit to Baltimore, apparently in perfect
' health, and I only heard of his illness the day be-
fore his death. Indeed, so sudden and unexpcctcd
was the shock produced by the annunciation of the !
sad event yesterday, that t cannot yet haidly real-
ize the fact, and do not feel sufficiently composed :
to do justice to the memory of the deceased in the ,
few remarks I propose to make. The deep anxiety
' felt here not only by the members of both Houses
i of Congress, hut by all classes of the community, ■
j when his dangerous situation became known
; through the telegraph, is nowdispelled by the mel-
; ancholy gloom spread over the whole city. It is,
j indeed, but too true that Alexander Barrow, the
|l pure patriot and enlightened statesman, is jio
rmore.
j, Three years have not passed away since Mr.
Barrow announced in appropriate and eloquent
I terms the death of his late distinguished colleague;
| and since then it has devolved on me to present the
j ordinary resolutions as a mark of respect to the
! memory of two of my colleagues of the other
j House of Congress, and a similar resolution will
I now be offered on this melancholy occasion. In
| less than three years, two Senators and two Rep-
: resentatives in Congress from the same State have
j been gathered to their fathers. The death ojf my
j late colleague was the most unexpected; for he was
; not only in the rigor of life, but he possessed a
| strong constitution.
The ways of Providence are indeed inscrutable.
Itvnay with truth be said, that " whilst in life we
are in death.55
Of Mr. Barrow's early history I know but lit-
tle. PTe was a native of Tennessee, and was, I
; am told, about forty-five years of age. His family
| and connexions are of the highest respectability,
j and have been long distinguished for their talents
| and patriotism/ After having completed his edu-
I cation, Mr. Barrow studied law, and was admit-
j ted to the bar in Tennessee; immediately after
which, I believe, he removed to Louisiana, where
he pursued his profession for some time with suc-
cess; and, had lie remained at the bar, would have
attained the highest distinction. Being independ-
! ent in his circumstances, and fond of agricultural
11 pursuits, after a few years' practice he retired fiom
I j the bar, and became a successful planter, and has
j, since devoted his attention mainly to the cultiva-
;' tion of the earth.
i' Mr. Barrow served, however, repeatedly in the
II Legislature of Louisiana with reputation, and was
;i regarded as a distinguished member; and he re-
; ceived from the people of the State many other
| proofs of their highest respect and confidence. His
i election to the Senate of the United Slates, under
i circumstances the most flattering, is the best evi-
! dence of the high estimation in which he was held
| by the people of his adopted State, by whom his
! character and services will ever be held in grate-
ful remembrance. The news of his death will
produce throughout the State, as it has produced
lieie, the deepest emotions of sorrow.
Mr. Barrow was distinguished for his bland
and courteous manners, for his frank and manly
deportment, and for his many generous and noble
Uaits of character. No man, in fact, had more
sincere and devoted fiiends whilst living, and no
one has died more lamented. He performed his
duties here with zeal and ability, and, at the same
time, in the most frank and conciliatory spirit; and
I am sure that it is no exaggeration to say, that in
his intercourse with his brother Senators, his de-
portment on all occasions was such as to command
the respect and confidence of every member of this
body. lie has now closed his earthly career, but
he has gone, I hope, to a better and happier world.
Although he expired far from his home, and
fiom the cherished partner of his bosom, it must
be a source of some consolation to her, and to her
orphan children, to learn that he was surrounded
at that awful moment by devoted friends, from
\vhom he received every attention which friend-
ship could bestow, and that he died as he had lived,
without fear and without reproach, relying upon
the mere}* of his Redeemer. And what shall be
said of their bereavement? There js a silence
which is more expressive than language. ^ We
forbear, in humble submission to the will of
Heaven—in grateful recollection, that "He who
strikes has power to heal."
The character of the deceased was indeed, sir,
of the highest order. As a Senator, a citizen,
and a gentleman—indeed, in all the relations of
public and private life—he was esteemed and be-
loved. As a patriot, a firm and uncompromising
friend of his country and of her Constitution, he
