1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Resolved, unanimously, That a committee be ap-
pointed by the Vice President to take order for su-
perintending the funeral of the Hon. Alexander
JBarrow, which will take place to-morrow at the
hour of twelve M., and that the Senate will attend <
the same. . ^
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the
Senate, /rom a sincere desire of showing every i
mark of respect due to the memory of the Hon.
Alexander Barrow, deceased, late a member :|
thereof, will go into mourning; for him one month, |l
by the usual mode of wearing crape on the left ;
arm. \[
Resolved, unanimously, That, as an additional j'
mark of respect for the memory of the Hon. Alex- ii
ander Barrow, the Senate do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these
proceedings to the House of Representatives.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE8.
Wednesday, December 30, 1846. :
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Trermiry, in ;
answer to a resolution of the House of the 51st 1
instant, transmitting a repoit as to whether the i
weighers, e;au^ers, and meusmers heretofore em- '■
ployed atrthe various custom-houses in the United 1
States have been retained in office since the tariff
act of 1846 went into operation: which communi-
cation and report were laid upon the table. i
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi- '
ness to be the continuation of the call of the States j
for \esolutionts—(.lit; pending question being on the j
resolution of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. '
Cobb.]
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was j
Resolved, That when the House adjourn on !
Thursday next, it adjourn to meet on Saturday. ;
Mr. STARKWEATHER asked leave to make j
a personal explanation. I
No objection being made— '
Mr. S. stated that he found in the Union the ■
following: " I do not know whether the officer has :
any responsibility." Sir, (continued Mr. S.«) I :
said no such thing. I did say that the honorable :
gentleman [Colonel Baker] was responsible, and }
gave as a reason that he had been more fortunate
than some of his gallant comrades, inasmuch as 1
he had received for mileage as a member of this ;
House, for this session, $1,260; for six days' ser- ;
vice, as member, $4S. I find, sir, $1,260 for mile- !
age; for actual service member, M8. 1 further '
find the honorable gentleman draws stationery to !
the amount of $20, amongst which were four port- '•
folios, six knives, and one p^per-folder—formidable j
weapons, these, m the hands of a soldier. I fur- !
ther find that he drew for seventy-eight days' ser-
vice after he left Congress last session, ana when j
he was acting (as I am informed) as colonel in the j
United States service. He [Mr. J3.] stated in his j
sneech on this floor that he was ordered here by i
his commanding otficcr. If so, iic is entitled to j
ten cents per mile for that service. It being about 1
three thousand five hundred miles from Monterey 1
here, and the same distance back, his compensa- j
lion for that service will be $700, making the ag- :
gregate amount of £9,656 in addition to his com- [
pen sat ion as colonel of the United States army, ,
together with rations, &c. Sir, 1 repeat that I did
not say that Colonel Baker was not responsible,
but the reverse, for the reasons stated.
Sir, I have sent a note to General Towson to
asceitam when Colonel Baker's pay commenced
as colonel of the United States army. If I am
wrong as to the time, it will give me pleasure to
correct it.
CLOTHING OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which had been referred the
joint resolution relative to the clothing for volun-
teers, reported the same with the following amend-
ment;
Resolved by the Scnulr awl Hoic-sc of Representatives of the
United Stiles of Jimeru« in f*cm r"s« a^emhlerf, That tlie
Secretary of War be authorized and directed immediately
to c.iu e to be forwarded ami delivered to ihr assistant
quartermastei of each regiment of volunteers, an amount of
clothing for the men of tlie s>ame equal to their wants, and
that tbe said quartermaster be authouzed and directed to
deliver clothing to eacli non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, and puvate. whose necessities require the ^atne. «f the
price which the said clothing has cost the Government, and [j
th<it the amount so delivered to each shall be charged on i!
the pay-roll, and deducted from hi-! pay. ;
The question was then put, Will the House ;
agree to the resolution as amended? and
ft was decided in the affirmative, and the reso- i
lution as amended was passed. I
INCREASE OF PAY OF THE ARMY. I
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, on leave, offered I
the following amendments to be proposed, when j
in order, to the bill concerning the increase of nay j
to the army of the United States: |
| Stiike out sections 3 and 4, and insert—
" Sec. .J. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tim each volunteer, ;
non-commissioned officer, or private, in the rumy of the ]
United States, wiio lias volunteered, or may volunteer, for
twelve months or during the war, or who linn enlisted or
may enlistin the auny of the United States for a period of :
five year* or during the war, and who shall have gone or
may go into the service, .->iiall hs entitled at tiie end ot his ;
li.ne of service, or upon receiving an honorable di-'cbaige, jj
to three months* additional pay, and to a warrant tor a quai- j
tei -eetion of lead, to be located in leiral *-ubihvi=io'is upon '
any land lie!oi!«iii^ to th' Tinted Srate-."
\Viie,; the House adjourned yesterday, the bnsi- 1
ness before it, was tiie resolution moved by Mi.
Cobb, a few davsago, repealing so touch of the
, 41st rule of the House as permits "any member
requesting: to lie excused from voting, to make, a
: brief verbal stan ment of the reasons fur making ■
such request."
On winch the previous question wag pending. |
The House being divided this morning on see-
! onding the previous question, tiie tellers reported— '
in favor of.a second 62, against it 93; no quorum
voting.
; Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved a coll of j
! the House; on which motion the yeas and nays '
were taken, and there were yeas 42, nays 68. I
So the House refused to order a call; but no
, quorum voted. ;
1 Mr. BAKER said that he had not been in the
House yesterday when some remarks were made 1
in rcgaid to the resolution he lied the honor to
' offer; and he had been told that some further com-
mentaries of a kindred kind had been made here
i to-day. It was not his purpose to reply to them. '
What he had to offer would take but a few words,
and he would promise not to detain the House five 1
minutes.
He did not pretend to be skilled in constitutional •
i law, nor to be very thoroughly acquainted with
the precise extent of the privileges enjoyed by ;
members of the House. But he could state that,
' in coming to the city for two or three days only,
' to present himself on the floor of the ITouse that _
he might state some facts as to the condition and
1 wants of the army, it had been, he supposed, suf-
' ficient. to justify htm that gentlemen not obscure
i in the army, as' he was, but men who had written
their names in biood upon the ranks of their coun-
! trv's enemies, had done the same tbmg. He might
; refer, in that connexion, to the, hero of the Thames.
As another instance, to General , and to Col-
onel Moore, who left his post at the head oi his
regiment, and took los seat as presiding ofHcer in
1 the Senate of Illinois, by virtue of his office as
' Lieutenant Governor of the State. He had m this (
acted, as Mr. B. believed, proper!1,- and wisely. ;
The major of tiie regiment to which Ml'. B. was
i attached, was a Senator in the State Legislature.
None of these individuals had ever so much as
dreamed that they were violating any principle of !
- constitutional law, or any privilege of any legisla-
: tivebody, by taking those seats to which the choice ,
of the peonle had entitled them.
In addition to these facts, Mr. B. was under-
stood by the reporter to say that the commissioned
: officers of his own regiment had addressed a letter
' to him, stating that it would give them pleasure i{
he would obtain leave of absence tor a few days,
and come to Washington to make those statements
of fact which he had recently laid before the House.
; He had proposed to them that he should re '?n
h's place in the armv, and, availing himself o his
' ri"ht as a member here, should come on onu au-
' vocate their interests on the floor of Congress. To
■ this they had unanimously objected, and (wit.i,
i he believed, the exception of two or tnrce,) had
> united in begging him not to do it, but to come on
for a few days, and return to them witnout delay.
;l It was not, of course, very pleasant to him to j
!! have inquiries made and allusions indulged m here I
i! with regard to his private affairs; yet he could '
!! Stand oil that; but he could not bear to be accused
of doing anything in opposition to the wishes
either of his constituents or the regiment in which
it was his honor to serye.
Whatever remarks gentlemen might have in-
dulged in on his course, he could pledge himself
to the House that he had not, in presenting him-
self before them here as the advocate of the volun-
teers, done anything which he could suppose the
House would deem either indelicate or improper.
If, in the course of argument on that floor, any-
thing had been said which was calculated to grate
on his feelings, and those who had indulged in
such remarks had deemed it delicate and within
their privilege to make them, Mr. B. should cer-
tainly not allude to them there, or then. If any-
thing had been said which reflected on his character
as a gentleman, this was not the time nor was this
the place that he should think it fit to ask-any ex-
planation in regard to them.
And now he hoped he might be permitted to add
a word to what he had formerly said in support of
the resolution he had had the honor to submit.
Tiie resolution, had, as he before stated, been
drawn uo by the Secretary of War. Mr. B. had
proposed, as colonel, to take no new responsibil-
ity. He had already been intrusted with large
amounts of public property, m the form of camp
equipage. &c. These were put under his control
as an officei of the army. No officer was required
to jrivc bonds as to the disposition of such things.
Everv captain in the army was intrusted with all
the c'othing for his own company; and many offi-
cers had the charge of more military clothing in
the course of a year for one regiment of men than
this resolution would put at his own disposal for
the use of ten regiments. He cared not in what
form the object lie had in view for the benefit of
the volunteer regiments was effected, provided it
was done in any form. Let the clothing be put in
charge of the commissary, if the House preferred
that airangement. If it could only be accomplished
at all. he should ftel grateful and pleased to have
been I he instrument of making some addition to
the soldierly anpearanee of these troops m the
field.
Mr. SOHENGK said there could be no more
' appropriate time than the present to bring before
the House a question of privilege, having relation
to theses', upon that floo'r of the gentleman from
1 Illinois [Mr. Bakrr] who had just addressed them.
The gentleman would not, he was sure, misunder-
stand him, neither would the House; it was with
i the utmost good feeling toward that gentleman that
I he. made, the present remarks, and exclusively from
| a sense of duty that he was induced to suggest to
! the House the propriety of looking into a question
I which, as he viewed it, concerned the independ-
ence of the legislative department of this Govern-
ment.
The CHAIR here reminded Mr. Schenck that
a vote of the House, recently taken, had shown
that no quorum was present in the Hall, and he
would suggest to the gentleman the propriety of not
pressing so imporiant a subject, or offering any
resolution m regard to it in so thin a House.
Mr. SCHENCK replied that, under these cir-
cumstances, he certainly should not press the
inquiry tit this time. The resolution he had de-
signed to offer proposed an inquiry by the Com-
mittee of Elections as to the right of the honorable
Mr. Baker, of Illinois, to occupy a seat upon the
floor of the House, he having accepted a commis-
sion in the armv of the United States, and now
doing service and receiving compensation as an
armv officer. It was based on this provision in
the Constitution of the United States, 6th section,
article first. It contained, m the first part of the
sentence, a general provision, which did not touch
the case. It was m these words;
'< No Senator or R 'musentative shall, duiiiig the time for
which he w <r elected, he app niiteu to onv ciul office under
tiie authorm or ihe i '111fed States, which &hal! have been
cieated. or the emoluments whereof shaft have been m-
eiea^e'l, during such time."
And then, in a separate branch of the sentence,
came the following provision;
1 •• V.nd 11.1 person holding anv office under the United States
shall tie a member of either House during his continuance
in etnet embraced military officers, as well'
' as such as were civil in their character. The ques-
tion presented would of course be, whether, having
' received his commission as colonel from Slate
j authority, but performing service for. and receiving
i pav from, the Government of the United States,
