106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
consequently did not vote at all. He concluded by-
requesting the reporters of the city newspapers to
notice the fact. 9
Mr. BAYLY rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
No objection having been made—
Mr. B. said: Mr. Speaker: Through the inter-
vention of disinterested friends, all correspondence
between the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G.
Davis] and myself, growing out of the unpleasant
altercation which occurred on this floor a few days
ago, has been reciprocally withdrawn, and I would
now request from the House the privilege of making
a personal explanation touching'that matter.
On Wednesday, the 23d day of December, in
the course of the remarks I had the honor to sub-
mit to the House, I made allusion to certain views
which had been presented by 44 the advocates and
apologists of Mcxjco. 55 Shortly afterwards, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis] inter-
posed. That gentleman had preceded me in debate
on the day before, and I had remarked that, on an
effort being made by his colleague [Mr. Tjbbatts]
to interpose, he had refused to allow Mr. Tibbatts
to put to him a question, on the ground that his
hour was too brief to enable him to express fully
his views on the subject. When the gentleman
from Kentucky interrupted me, and before he ex-
plained his purpose, I immediately refused to yield
him the floor, and expressed, as my reason, that
I knew the hour allotted me would be too short to
enable me to cover the giound I wished to occupy.
Notwithstanding, the gentleman from Kentucky
persisted in maintaining the floor, and said, " Will
not the gentleman give way for an explanation5"
In no spirit of hostile defiance, but simply to obviate
any cause for the consumption of time, I replied, "If
he desires personal explanations, they may be asked
out of the House." The gentleman stiil persist-
ing, I took it for granted that it was not a personal
explanation he desired, and concluded his purpose
was to make some suggestion or request for expla-
nation as to my course of argument, the cffect of
which would be to delay and interrupt the expres-
sion of my views, and, consequently, that his pur-
pose was assimilated to that of his colleague the
day before. Under this view, I felt justified at the
time in saying it was piesumptuous'in the gentle-
man to persist in interrupting me, when lie had
refused hut the day before to yield the floor under
similar cncumstances. Subsequent information
has satisfied me that the gentleman's purpose was
throughout diiTeient fiotn that for which his col-
league had sought to inteirupt him, and which dif-
ference exempts him from the charge of presump-
tion that I then made against him.
If is unnecessary for me. Mr. Speaker, to reca-
pitulate the expressions which afterwards passed
between the gentleman and myself, or to note the
order and manner of their occurrence, as those
matters, doubtless, are remembered here. I wish
to state explicitly, as I feel it to be due to truth mid
candor, and to the gentleman fiom Kentucky, even
more than to the suggestions of friends entitled to
my highest confidence, that any allusion to the
advocates and apologists of Mexico was not in-
tended to apply to the gentleman from Kentucky
or to his argument. My reference was designed
for those who had defended or apologized for those
grievances inflicted by Mexico previous to the war
upon our citizens and their property, and for the
course pursued by her in violation of treaty stipu-
lations for their settlement, and I had not under-
stood the gentleman from Kentucky to indulge in
that line of argument.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS (also by leave) then
rose and said: Mr. Speaker, the explanation of the
gentleman fiom Virginia. renders it proper that I
likewise should invoke the courtesy of the House.
On the occasion alluded to by the gentleman, when,
upon his refit sn I to yield the floor at my request,
T said he should not make a false reference to me,
I was in doubt whether, in his remarks, he intend-
ed to include me anions the " advocates and apolo-
gists of Mexico on this floor." Having heard
the gentleman's explanation, I am satisfied that he
did not intend so to place me, and, had I been
aware of what he now states, I should not have
used any such language.
Mr. BAYLY said: The explanation of the gen-
tleman is what I had a right to expect. His
remarks, made under a misconception of my mean-
ing, led me, in the heat and hurry of the moment,
to undue expressions in reply to him, and I now
wish to do him justice. He satisfactorily explains
the words to which, at the time, I thought I hada
right to except. I said to him, if he intended to
impute to me a false reference to him, " it was a
lie.'' In justice to him, as well as myself, I with-
draw that language, and desire it to be considered
as never having been uftered.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hous6 a mes-
sage from the President of the United States;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed. [This
message is published in the Senate proceedings of
this day; it recommends the appointment of a gen-
eral officer to take command of all the forces in
the field, and an increase of the army.]
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston,
of Alabama, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the bill
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
on Tuesday, the 29th ultimo, and published in that
day's proceedings.
Mr. SCHENCK said there seemed to be a mani-
fest incongruity in the mode of proceeding. The
bill for raising additional regiments for the army
was referred to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and an Executive message, con-
taining the argument in support of that bill, was
sent to the Committee on Military Affairs. Either
} 1 both should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole, or both to the Military Committee. He
|i would move that the committee rise, in order tha.t
|j the message might receive a different direction,
;« and be sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
,i state oftheUnion.
;i The question being put, the motion was not
:i agreed to.
I; The first section of the bill was then read.
j| Mr. RATH BUN offered the following amenrl-
■ ' ment:
!■ 44 Strike out the proviso in the first section, and
insert: Provided, That the officers of the said regi-
;! ment shall be appointed in the manner prescribed
I by law m the several States and Territories to
|; which such regiments, or any company in any such
!, regiments, shall respectively belong."
| Mr. McGAUGHEY obtained the floor, but
!I yielded it momentarily to
| Mr. HARALSON, who gave notice that he
| would at the proper time submit the following
amendments, viz:
" Insert in the 1st section, after the words 4 un-
! der the diiection of the President,' the words * to
1 serve during the war with Mexico."
: "Also, add to the end of the 2d section the
;; words, 4 unless sooner discharged.'
: " Also, strike out the word 4 army/in the 5th
■, section, and insert in lieu thereof the woids 1 artil-
l; lerv, infantry, and dragoons.' "
; Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice that he should, at
■; the proper time, move to amend the bill by striking
j out the 5th section, and inserting in lieu thereof
: the following:
■i Hbc. 5. *1ndbe it further nun-ted, That each volunteer,
I nou-coiivnte&ioncd officer, niu-ician, and pnvate, who has
volunteered oi may volunteer for a period Its?? than during
i! the war, and who shall h.tve cone or may go into the ser-
vice, and have received an honorable discharge, shall be
' j entitled to three months'additional pay, and to a warrant
for one hundied and sixty acres of land, to he located on
j' any land belonmng to the United States, subject to entry at
I the date of said wairant.
; Sior <5 Jlnd he it father enactcd, That there shall be
allowed and paid to each non-conimissimipd officer, musi-
cian, and pnvate, who shall, alter the pa?«as*e of tins act,
enlist or volunteer in the  >ei vice of the United States for a
i period of five yen in, oi during the war with Mexico, a
bounty of fifteen dolkus; but the payment ot ten dollars of
' said bounty shall he deferred until the soldier enlistingshall
join the regiment or corps in which he is to serve, and until
the soldier\oluntcenng hhall be mustered into the service
of the United States.
Sb<j. "/. *1nd he it further ciwcted, That each non-com-
- mjs-iion<Hl officer, musician, or private, in the armv of the
, United States who has enlisted or volunteered, or who shall
i enhst in the airnv or volunteer in the service of the United
I State.*, foi a p^iiod of five years, or duting the war With
!| Mexico, shall be eaeh entitled, on his receiving an honora-
j bie di-charge from the army, to a wariant for three hundred
, and twentv acres of land; to he located on anv land belonx-
.! in« to the United States, subject to entiy at the date of said
| warrant.
ii Sec. 8. *2ndheit further enacted, That the widow, if there
be one; if there be no widow, then the child or children,
if there be any: and, if there be no child, then the father or
mother of any non-commissioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate, of the army of the United States, or militia or volun-
teers in the same, who has been or may be killed in battle,
or has died or may die in service during the war with Mexi-
co, shall be entitled to a warrant for the same quantity of
land to which euch non-commissioned officer, musician or
private, would have been entitled had he received an honor-
able discharge, and shall bp entitled to locate the same
upon any land in the United States, subject to entry at the
date of said warrant.
Sec. 9. Jlnd he it further enacted, That each non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, and pnvate, who has enlisted and
shall have served a regular term of enh>tment, oi who has
volunteered for twelve month* and shall have served for that
period, and who shall have received an honorable discharge
who shall, within one month after such discharge, again en-
list or volunteer toseive for and duiing the existing war
shall be entitled to receive an additional bounty of one year's
half pay, one-half of paid bounty to be paid at the time such
soldier shall enlist or such volunteer shall be mustered into
service, and the other half when such enlisted soldier or
volunteer shall receive an honoiable dischaige.
Mr. WHITE offered the following amendment;
"That the said officers, musicians, and privates, hereby
authorized to be raised or employed for the service of the
United States, shall be immediately discharged from said
service upon cessation of hostilities with the republic of
Mexico, or upon an agreement to treat for peace and amity
by said republic with the United States.',,
Mr. McGAUGHEY then went into a general
speech against the war, avowing his intention to
vote against all further supplies for carrying it on,
against the bill to raise new regiments, and also
against the bill appointing a new commander of
the army. He would vote appropriations to clear
off the present debt, after which he would not grant
another dollar till our armies were withdrawn with-
in our own boundaries. He said, however, that
he spoke only his own sentiments, without identi-
fying himself in them with any party. [Mr. Mc-
! G.'s speech will be.published in the Appendix.]
Mr. OWEN said:
It has become very customary, in these days,
on the other side of the House, to quote the senti-
ment, "Our country, right or wrong!" I feel that
no citizen of these llnited States need now, I hope
that no one ever will need, thus to proclaim his
country's shame, even while he professes to her
his devotion. I trust never to see the day when
of our republic and her Government it may, with
truth, be said: "Our foreign policy is rapacious;
our national councils look to aggrandizement, with-
out scruple as to means; our Executive is reckless,
bent upon aggression, committing or sanctioning
open acts of usurpation: but yet, unjust, grasping
as she is, grossly as she violates the faith of trea-
ties and outrages the peace of the world, this coun-
try is still ours, and therefore we will sustain her.
in her career of injustice."
I will not permit myself to doubt, that gentlemen
on the other side, unguarded, violent as have been
their expressions, would yet receive with pleasure
any sufficient evidence in proof, that, in the pres-
ent juncture of our affairs, (to be lamented, because
war is ever to be lamented,) their country is right.
No good man willingly supports injustice, though
that injustice be committed by one to whom he is
bound by every tie of gratitude and affection.
The charges currently made against our Gov-
ernment in its foreign relations are numerous and
heavy. It has engaged in a war—thus we may
sum up the accusation—unjust and unnecessary; a
war thrust by us upon Mexico; having its origin
in a quenchless thirst after conquest; to have its
end in the subjugation of a rival race, and the an-
nexation of a foreign territory.
I will ask those who believe in the justice of
such charges, briefly to review with me the cir-
cumstances that have led to the present crisis, and
then to say, where there has been wrong; what we
have done that we ought not to have done; at what
step we ousrht to have arrested our progress; what
measure of peace we have omitted; by what un-
called-for act we have provoked war.
And then, if it should appear that our course as
a nation is amply justified; that our object, steadily
pursued, has been, first, the avoidance of hostili-
ties, and when that was no longer possible, then
the lestoration of peace: if it should further appear,
that, while we have sought that which was our
right, indemnity, the phantom of territorial cupidity
has not tempted us into the wild paths of ambition;
if, up to the present moment, such and so concilia-
tory has been our course, then I am ready to go a
step further, and to ask whether there be just
ground to infer, that the same moderation which
has marked our conduct in the past will be de-
parted from in the future.
I pass by the long list of grievances, borne year
after year with a patience that has misled the Mexi-
can people; grievances that induced one President,
ten years since, to advise an act authorizing repri-
