1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
sals; and another, somewhat later, to abandon all
further attempts at negotiation, and appeal to Con-
gress for the mode and measure of redress. I will
suppose the Mexican Government, up to the mo-
mem of this rupture about Texas, to have been as
just and friendly as it has been, in fact, faithless
and inimical; and will commence my review of
our mutual relations from a period not two years
gone by.
On the 1st of March, 1845, Texas, once a State
of the federal republic of Mexico, but for nearly
nine years then past, an independent republic, was,
in accordance with her own request, (a request
made and repeated years before,) received into our
Union. Texas was, at the moment of annexation,
ft sovereign Power, to whose territory Mexico had
no more right than old Spain then had to any of
the departments of Mexico, or England to the free
«oil of this republic. Every writer of repute on
international law confirms that doctrine. The
public opinion of the world has much acknowl-
edged its justice, and assented to the rightful char-
acter of our act.
• Against Mexico, then, when we admitted Texas
into the Union, we committed no wrong. We did
but that which the public law and the recognised
custom of civilized nations permits and sanctions.
Against the decisions of that law, and the prece-
dents settled by that custom, no one nation, to suit
its own purpose, can be suifered to appeal.
This is the first, as it is the most important,
point in the whole case. Mexico's bitter com-
plaints, of which the injustice is only equalled by
the absurdity, have, m some quarters, created
sympathy and obscured the truth. There are
minds so constituted, that to make to them any
complaint, it matters not how utterly baseless, is
to awaken doubts in favor of the complainant.
To such I advise the perusal of Mexico's own
pleas, as set forth by her own official apologists.
I especially commend to their attention the follow-
ing; paiagraph, setting forth the ground of her
claim to Texas, as we find it in a letter addressed
by Castillo y Lanzas, Mexican Minister of For-
eign Affairs, to Mr. Slidell, at the time the govern-
ment of Parades refused to receive that gentleman
as Minister:
<k Cmlizfd natious. have beheld with amazement. M tins
enlightened and refined epoeh,apoweiful and well-consoli-
dated State availing it<elt oi the internal rii<s'eni-ions of a
neighboting nation, putting its \jgilunce to <deep by prest-
ations of friendship, setting in action all maimer of bpung-3
and artifices, alternately plymg intngue and violence, and
seizing a moment to despoil her of a precious part uf her
territory, if curd less of the mcoutrovpitible rights of the most
unquestionable owneisliip. and the most uninterrupted pos-
session "—Castillo y Litmus's letter of March 12, J640. House
Doc. 105,29Ih Con^.j 1 ">t $&>&., p. 58.
I pray the apologists of Mexico well to note the
character and wording of this her plea. She denies
not, what every publicist declares, that conquest,
followed by years of undisturbed possession, gives I
tenitonal right. She virtually admits that doc- '
trine, and her assertion is—let gentlemen read for :
themselves, if they doubt what may seem too ;
monstrous for belief—her assertion—unmatched j
for cool effrontery, I dare to assert, in the whole j
annals of diplomacy—is, that Mexico has ever !
held uninterrupted possession of her province of :
Texas! And therefore, we have been despoiling
her of a precious portion of her territory! I
Either this Mexican Rip Van Winkle must have ;
been slumbering; for the last nineyeais, in some of :
those old halls of the Montezumas, of which lately !
we have heard so much, or else the modern w orld ;
has been dreaming strange things during that pe-
riod. We have been accustomed to believe, that 1
in April of 3836, a ccrtain battle of St. Jacinto was ]
fought and won; that thereupon the Mexicans j
were driven forth from Texas, and a civil govern-
ment established there; that Presidents were cho- i
sen, Judges installed, a Legislature elected, laws ,
enacted, anew republicbuiltup; that,under theshel- j
ter of its constitution, a young nation quietly pur- j
sued its chosen course, and successfully maintained,
yearaf'teryear,itsmdependence. We had imagined
all this. 'But lo ! forth from the National Palace of
Mexico steps Seiior Castillo y Lanzas, to correct
such wild imaginations, and to inform us, with all
the gravity befitting an official despatch, that we
are wholly mistaken; that Texas has never passed
from under the Mexican rule; and that from the
time Santa Ana and Houston fought—ten years
ago—even to the present day. the mother country
has held her department of Texas, as she has held
the rest of her departments, in complete, unques-
tionable—nay, in undisturbed possession!
I repeat here, what once before in a similar con-
nexion I said, that if the subject were less grave,
one might, pass by a puerile falsehood like this as
apiece of national pleasantry. As it is, it is a
gross insult to the common sense of mankind.
T hope those who adopt the cause of Mexico will
j endorse her argument also. The one, it must be
confessed, is worthy of the other.
Taking leave, for the present, of Mexican ex-
travagance, I return to the point whcnce I have
digressed.
The annexation of Texas was an net lawfully,
rightfully done. Mexico very naturally regretted
her lost province, as Spain in former days, doubt-
less mourned over her revolted colonies; or Eng-
land, in '76, over hers. But either of these nations
Any government in the least disposed to be cap-
tious would have resented a course and a language
like this as a national insult, and a plenary cause
for war. Unprovoked by any breach on our -part
of the law of nations, without even the trivial ex-
cuse of a failure in international comity, Mexico
arraigns us as guilty of an outrage unheard of in
modern times, avows her design to recover even
by the strong hand a country soon lawfully to
become an integral portion of our Union; and
finally fakes that step which, among civilized na-
tions, is commonly followed up, at once, by an
appeal to the sword.
What, under these exasperating circumstances,
was the course of our Executive? While in lan-
! guage firm and mild, he asserted the right of our
| country to do what she had done, he added an as-
surance, that "our most strenuous efforts should
i has the same right to-day to shut its eyes on the fj be devoled to the amicable adjustment of every
i chances of war and revolution, long past, and again j] cause of complaint between the two Govern-
seek possession of what were once its American
possessions, as Mexico has, or ever had, to com-
plain of us, because a free sovereign, once a con-
stituent part of the Mexican republic, offered to
unite herself to us, and we accepted the offer of an-
nexation.
The right, then, was perfect. Can Mexico com-
plain of the manner in which we have exercised it?
Texas, never recognised as an independent na-
tion by Mexico, had, and could have, no western
boundary fixed by treaty. She claimed to the Rio
ments."
Almonte departed; and in less than a month, our
Minister near the Government of Mexico was for-
mally notified, that all diplomatic relations between
the United States and Mexico were at an end.
Still, we abstained from any hostile demonstra-
tion; we augmented not our forces; we made no
advance, even into Texas. Mexico, on the con-
trary, exhausted herself in military preparation.
•She increased and fitted out her army; its destina-
tion, openiy and boastingly avowed, being the
Bravo. On the lower portion of that stream her >; banks of the Rio Bravo: its object, as freely de-
original claim by conquest and possession to the clared, the reconquest of Texas/
line of the river, could hardly be considered as in- Texas, then, on the eve of consummating her
validated by a half-deserted village or two, and a ■' union with us, took alarm at this threatening as-
few scattering huts, tenanted by Mexicans, on its ii pect of things. She remembered, doubtless, the
eastern bank. The case above the mouth of the |i famous orders, not then a year old, issued to Gen-
Puerco was different. Several small Mexican eral Woll, when about to invade her territory-
towns, besides Santa with her ten thousand in- H whereby there was commanded the murder, with-
habitants, were scattered over the valley east of ; out distinguishing age or sex, of every human be-
the upper river. Upon the whole, then, the exact ing guilty of beins; found there. Shc'remembered
line of boundary might, not unfairly, be consid- ;!
ered a debatable question, and proper subject for '
negotiation. Such, at least, passing over the treaty 1
with Santa Ana, theprockimation of General Woll, 1
and other arguments, is the view of the subject '1
most favorable to Mexico; and such was the view "
taken by the Congress that consummated unnexa- l|
tion. With an e% ident desire to avoid all cause of N
offence, the annexing resolution was so worded as i'
to include " the territory properly included within, !'
-and rightfully belonging to, the republic of Tex- j
as." And the second section provided, that the !i
State of Texas be formed,
Goliad and the Alamo; and her Congress and her
Convention united in an earnest appeal to our
Government to send into Texas a force sufficient
for its defence.
If. under such circumstances, the President of
the United States had turned a deaf ear to that ap-
peal, his conduct v, ould have been grossly culpa-
ble, and would have furnished just ground for im-
peachment. But he saw his duty, and performed
it; and in June, 1846,-GeneralTaylor, then at Fort
Jesup, was ordered to advance to Corpus Christi.
Here, again, moderation was pushed to the ut-
most limits consistent with public honor and safety.
' subject to the adjust
ment, by this Government, ofall questions ofbound- i Mexico, by breaking off all diplomatic relations
ary that may arise between this and other govern- ; with us three months before, had refused to treat
ments." The desire of Congress that the bound- of a boundary. She made no secret of her design
ary question might be settled amicably, by treaty ;! to settle the question by the sword; and yet our
with Mexico, was here clearly indicated. The i Government, in the hope that she might still recon
manner, then, of consummating the act of annexa-
tion was as considerate and conciliatory as the act
itself was lawful and right.
In what manner has Mexico, on her part, come
up to meet this spirit of moderation on ours r How
has she replied to this our offer amicably to treat
with her for a boundary? In less than a week after
the passage of the annexation resolutions, Almonte,
the Mexican Minister in this city, addressed a com-
munication to our Secretary of State, in which,
after characterizing the law annexing Texas as
" an act of aggression the most unjust that can be
found recorded in the annals of modern history,"
he solemnly protested, in the name of his Govern-
ment—
u That the «aid law can in nowise invalidate the riarhts
on which Mexico relief to recover the above-mentioned
province ot Tevu*, of which bhc now sees herself unjustly
d'.>polled ; and that else -u ill maintain and uphold these rights
at all times, by even' mean^ which may he in her power "
He concluded by declaring; that his mission here
was at an end, and demanded his passports.
This was the position openly taken by Mexico
at the first, and which has been stoutly maintained
by her throughout, in proclamations, manifestoes,
and otherwise, even to the present day ; that Texas
sidcr her rash resolves, abstained from taking pos-
session, as, after such refusal, most rightfully she
; might have done, of the debatable land. She
: contented herself with a position on this side of it.
| And this she did, even while the enemy's troops
' were ranging over it, and the Texans, through
their Secretary of .State, were pressingly urging
; that, she should " proceed at once to occupy posi-
tions upon the Rio Grande."
And then she renewed her efforts to decide all
; difficulties in a peaceful manner. Our consul at
1 Mexico was instructed, in October, 1846, to assure
| the Mexican Government, then under Herrera,
■ of our unchanged desire to maintain relations of
friendship: and further to say, that if Mexico
■ would receive "an envoy,intrusted with full pow-
ers to adjust all questions in dispute between the
two Governments," such an one should be imme-
diately despatched. The answer was favorable.
The Minister, Pena y Pena, replied:
c* My Government is deposed to receive the Commissioner
i ot the United States who may come to this capital with full
power? from his Government to settle rhe present dispute in
1 a peaceful, reasonable, and honorable manner."
This assent to the reception of an envoy from
was her revolted province, and constituted a p.u-t 1 the United States was coupled with a single con
of Mexican territory, of which we had despoiled • dpc.Wed tn h* indie
her; and that she would employ every means, in-
cluding force of arms, to recover it. Not a word
with reference to boundary'—not a syllable about
the Nueces or the Bravo: the Sabine was the line
beyond which we had invaded her territory, and
from every foot of land west of that stream she
declares her determination to dislodge and eject us,
if she can.
dition; and this the Minister declared to be indis-
pensable, so that the negotiation might proceed,
without suspicion of menace or coercion on our
part. The condition was the " recall of the whole
naval force lying in sight of the port of Vera Cruz."
It was immediately complied with, and the force
withdrawn.
Two months later, trusting to the above promise,
as insuring his reception, Mr. Slidell reached Vera
