108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Ian. 4,
Cruz. Every one knows the result. Mexico,
false to her word, refused to receive him, on
grounds too frivolous for repetition; and which, if
they meant anything, meant that the question re-
garding Texas must be settled separately, and
without any reference to the claims of this Gov-
ernment against Mexico: a proposition absurd and
inadmissible.
If there be any gentleman here still disposed to
veil Mexico's breach of faith under the flimsy pre-
tences with which she has sought to cover it, I beg
him to read the letter of our consul, Mr. Black,
containing an account of his interview with the
Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, at the mo-
ment he first heard of Mr. Slidell's arrival. The
first unguarded expressions of the man are honest
and truthful. Let gentlemen compare them with
the labored afterthought put forth by the Minister
in his subsequent despatch.
Consul Black's account of the interview is brief \
and instructive. Mr. Pe'na y Penaasked him who j
Mr. SlideW was. Mr. Black replied that he sup- j
posed him to be " the envoy whom the Mexican j
Government had agreed to receive from the Gov-
ernment of the United States." I give the Min-
ister's reply in the words of Mr. Black's letter:
He said that ought not to he ; the Government did not
expect an envoy from the United States until January, as
they were not prepared to leceivehim; and he desired, if
possible ; that he would not conic to the capital, nor even
disembaik at this time ; and that 1 should endeavor to pre-
vent ins doing so, as Ins appearance in the capital at this
time might prove destructive to the Government, and thus
d->fcat the whole affair 5 You know, (said lie) the opposi-
tion aie calling us traitors foi enteimg into tlusarrancement
Willi you.'*5—Mi. Black to Mr. Buchanan, December 18,
1645 ; House Doc. 196, 29th Cons;., 1st ses$.} p. 17.
And if this be not plain enough, take another
paragraph:
He s-ajd that thr- Government itself was wrll disposed
and midy to proceed m the negotiation, but that if the
art'iii was commenced now, it would endangei it-> existence;
that the Government weie preparing the thing, collecting
the opinion and conduit of the departments, which ihey
expected to have finished bv January, and then they would
be able to proceed m the affair with mote security; that the
(Joveiment were afraid that the appearance of the envoy at
this time would pioducc a i evolution again.-a it, which might
teimmate m its dtstiuction.-'—Ibid.^puge 18.
A child may see through this. He who runs
may read it. No nonsense here about powers ad
hoc, or an appointment lacking confirmation by a
Senate not in session; but the plain unvarnished
truth—" We dare not keep faith with you. The
attempt would endanger our existence." Here,
without doubt, is exposed, not only the true rea-
son of om failure in eveiy attempt to open nego-
tiations, but the whole secret of Mexican bravado,
Mexican war, Mexican obstinacy. A President
is mserure in his seat, unless he indulge in abuse
and denunciation of the " Republic of the North,"
and m boastful promises to reconquer from her the
lost province of Texas. A single word about
pacific negotiation, and some watchful aspirant
plies the soldiery with protestations of his zeal for
their interests, and his hatred of the northern rob-
bers; feeds their cupidity uuh hopes of booty;
denounces the peaceful designs of the Executive
as traitorous; and a revolt, in his own lavor, is
the rc&nlt.
Such was the part played, and successfully
played, at this juncture, by Paredes against Her-
rera. liven before Mr. Siidell set foot on shore,
a large handbill made its appearance, couched in
language the most inflammatory, and headed in
startling capitals, "Treason." And the same post
that conveyed to our Government Mr. Black's
letter, and the dictamen of the Mexican council of
government against the reception of an American
Minister, brought also files of the "Amigo del Pue-
blo," the leading opposition journal of Mexico,
lncrtthing the fiercest hostility against the United
States, denouncing the proposed negotiation as
treason, and, m its last number, calling upon the
people tn put down the Government by force. |
These documents were received at the Depart- i
ment of State, on the l*2th of January last, and
the next day orders were expedited to General
Taylor to advance from Corpus Chnsti, and take
up a position on the eastern bank of the Rio Bravo.
Against this move, so long delayed, and made
at last only when all reasonable hopes of peace
had passed away, the Whig party have chiefly
conccntrated their attack. It is set down as unpro-
voked, unwarranted; the sole and sufficient cause
of the war that ensued.
I have heard the two-penny tax on tea that was
imposed by Great Britain in 1T75, spoken of as
having brought about the American Revolution.
They who so reason mistake a trivial incident for
a great cause. That obnoxious tax but precipita-
ted a mighty event, that had long been slowly,
gradually, but inevitably approaching. It may
have determined the year and the day when Amer-
ica assumed her equal station among the nations
of the earth. It may have decided, that in the
month of April, and in the year 1775, the first
blood shed m the revolutionary struggle should
flow, dying the grass plat of Lexington. But the
true cause of a political convulsion that gave free- j
dom to a hemisphere lay deeper and spread wider .
far, than any isolated act of oppression. A nation i
had outgrown her dependence, and was ripe for the j
experiment of self-government. Therefore came i
the American Revolution. !
And thus, though it be in a smaller matter, do ,
they err, who set down the advance from the |
Nueces to the Rio Grande, rightful as it was, as
having brought about war with Mexico. It imme-
diately preceded, but it did not produce it. It but
accelerated, by a few days or weeks, it may be, a
crisis, which the state of public feeling in Mexico,
gathering for years, had rendered inevitable at last.
That which sufficed to cause, and did cause, this
war, was the facility with which the Mexican j
Presidency can be reached by an appeal to the
prejudices, and to the national animosities, of the
Mexican army and the Mexican people. Herrera
talked of negotiating with us, and his Administra-
tion went down. Paredes came in on the question
of hostility to the United States; and to maintain j
his ill-gotten power, he found himself compelled to j
redeem the braggart pledges by which he acquired i
it. He had called Herrera a traitor, because he !
spoke of peace: he could evince his own patriotism j
only by urging on war. j
This view 6f the subject is amply confirmed by |
an official communication drawn from Mexico in j
March last—the letter of Castillo y Lanzas, from •
which I have already quoted. In teims plain as
language can make them, and in language intern- I
perate as passion can suggest, this letter maintains !
the same ground originally assumed by Almonte,
when he demanded Ins passports. The seizure of
Texas is its theme; annexation the burden of its
complaint. Says the Mexican Minister:
u Tins iwcorpoiation of a terntoiy which had constituted
an integial pan ot that of .Mexico duung the long period of
the .Spanish dominion, and aftri hei emancipation tor so
long a toiii), without any mien uptioti >vh<devcr, and which,
moteover, had bc.ni reeoam-ed and sanctioned hv the treaty
of limits between the Mexican republic and the United
tftatoa. of Anicuca—Un-> annexation—was effected by the
irpiobated meansot violeriee and tiaud-'5
And then, after repeating the argument about
" uninterrupted possession,15 he proceeds to say:
"llcie, then, if. the tine position of the Mcxicau republic;
de-poiied, outlawed, contemned, it is now attempted to -,ub-
jecther to a humiliating degradation. The sentiment of her
own dignity will not allow het to consent to hei own igno-
miny."
But even this is not all. If Senor Castillo y
Lanzas be not vciy couiteous, he is at least very
frank. His Government, so in another part of the
despatch he tolls us, had befoiehand declared, in
view of the annexation of Texas, that it would
regard " so notable an act of usurpation," when
consummated, as a cause of war; therefore, he
adds:
" Negotiation wa?, by its very nature, at an end, and war :
was the o-ily re.>ouiee ol the Mexican Government."
And to this man, and in the face of such declara- j
tions, we were to talk of the niceties of a bound- \
ary line, or the equitable partition of a petty strip j
of land between the Nueces and the Rio Grande !
Texas is his demand! A retrocession of Texas
his claim of satisfaction !
To those who chaige that our Government wil-
fully began, and wilfully continues, the war, I
desire heie to put a plain question. You have
heard the claim of Mexico: are you ready to grant
it.-1 Do you advise to cede the State of Texas as
the price of peace? If so, well; avow, frankly,
that such is your counsel. But if not, if you think
the price Mexico has set upon peace is too high,
then do not, after the manner of children, complain
that you have not obtained what you are unwilling
to purchase.
One of my colleagues, [Mr. Caleb B. Smjth,] in
noticing, at the last session, the shortcomings of
our Executive, charged, as a culpable omission,
the non-conclusion of a treaty of boundaries. "It
was agreed by Congress," said he, " that the
boundary should be settled by treaty." It can,
undoubtedly, be so settled; Mexico has told us on
what terms. We have but to agree, as the east
limit of her territory, to the line of the Sabine.
How the hundred thousand free citizens of
Texas will receive an act of retrocession; what the
world will think of it; and whether, before we give
the dastard vote that shall abandon an integral
portion of our territory, a second time, to the ten-
der mercies of Mexican tyrants, the last spark of
self-respect must not have died out in our hearts;
these are matters which I leave the clamorers for
peace at any cost to settle for themselves.
With these facts before us, what becomes of all
the idle declamation about a war unprovoked and
a boundary unsettled? I demand specifications.
I ask again, what measure of peace have we omit-
ted ? Congress left the boundary question open
for adjustment by treaty. Our Executive, second-
ing the design of Congress, and overlooking alike
the abrupt departure and warlike threats of Al-
monte, the breach of faith of one Mexican Adminis-
tration, and the insulting charges preferred against,
us by another, has sought, again and again, to
open a friendly negotiation with Mexico. Disap-
pointed in our overtures to Herrera, we still prof-
fered peace to Paredes. Repulsed by Paredes, we
tendered the olive branch to Santa Ana.
Could we force negotiations ? Could we compel
peace? Are the hearts of faithless rulets in our
hands, that we should change them ? Is the will
of a mercenary soldiery ours to control ?
It is my deliberate judgment that we have push-
id to the verge of importunity our strivings after
peace. In the case of a powerful nation, one half
the advances we have made would have exposed
us to the charge of pusillanimity. As it is^vve
have lavished generosity on a Government that
seems not to know the meaning of the word.
I have hastily reviewed the past. Let us turn,
for a brief space, to the doings of the present, and
the prospects of the future.
It needs not to waste words, in proof that a na-
tion at war has an absolute right to her conquests,
until letaken, or cedcd by a treaty of peace; and
a further right to provide laws for conquered terri-
tory. If, in support of one of the clearest princi-
ples of international law, as laid down by Grotius,
Puffendoiff, and every other publicist of standard
reputation, it were necessary to adduce the highest
legal American authority, it is at hand. We find,
among the cases in the Supreme Court reported
for the year 1819, one exactly in point.
The facts and the opinion in this case are briefly
as follows: On the first of September, 1814, the
British forces captured the town and harbor of
Castine, in the collection district of Maine. It
remained in possession of the British from that
time until the 27th of April, 1815, when, in pur-
suance of a treaty of peace, then just concluded,
it was restored to the United States. During the
time of its occupation by the British forces, certain
gcods were imported into the said port; and the
legal question presented was, whether these goods
weie imported into what was then a part of the
United States, and were subject to American du-
ties, or whether they were imported into what, for
the time, was one of the British possessions in
North America, arid therefoie subject to British
law. The opinion of the court, delivered by Mr.
Justice Story, was a unanimous one. It declared,
that goods imported into Castine, during its occu-
pation by the British troops, "were in no correct
sense imported into the United States." And it
thus lays down the law on the subject of conquest
and the rights it gives:
"By the conquest and military occupation of Castine, the
enemy acquired that firm po.-ses-non which enabled him to
cxercide tlie fullest rights of sovcicignty over that place.
The sovereignty of the United States \va-, of course, sus-
pended ; and the laws of the United States could no longer
be i i<i1jtfully enforced there, oi be obligatory on the inhabi-
tants who remained and submitted to the conquerors. By
the surrender, the inhabitants passed under a temporary alle-
giance to the British Government, and were bound by s-uch
laws, and buch onlj, as it ehos<  to recognise and impose."—
Whe.ttori's Reports, vol. 4, p. 2.>4.
Mr. Webster, for the defence, adduced numer-
ous authorities, which may be consulted by the
skeptical, and of which Mr. Story said:
"The authorities cited at the bar would, if there were any
doubt, be decisive of the question. But we think it too
clear to require any aid from authority.1'—Page 255.
A temporary government is, from the necessity
of the case, usually imposed on the conquered by
