1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
simple proclamation of the victorious general. The
right thus to impose it is universally recognised
among civilized nations. But, under any govern-
ment not despotic, these temporary laws remain
in force only until the constitutional authorities,
considering their conquests permanent, may choose
to enact permanent laws for their government.
For the exercise of this temporary power, essen-
tial to the security of conquest, and, what is more
important, demanded by a just regard for the safety
and protection of the conquered, we have prece-
dents enough in the history of our own Govern-
ment. Of these, the most strictly in point, per-
haps, is a proclamation issued during the late war
by General Harrison and Commodore Perry, dated
the 17th of October, 1813, and, it may with proba-
bility be conjectured, dictated by President Madi-
son himself. Here it is:
" Bv Wilinm Henry Hanison, major-general in the service
of the United States, commandei-m-chief of the north-
western army, and Oliver Hazard Peny, captain m the
navv, and commanding the fleet of the United States on
Lake Brie:
"a proclamation.
ic Whereas, by the combined operations of the land and
naval forces under our command, tho<e of the enemy within
the upper district of Upper Canada have been caphued or
destroyed, and the said district is now in the quiet posses-
sion of our troops, it becomes nece^saiv to provide for its
government: therefore, we do hereby pioclaim and make
known that the rights and piivilegos of the inhabitant*, and
the laws and customs of the country, as they exited, or
wcr- in foice at the pniod of our arrival, shall continue to
prevail All magistrates and other civil officer-? are to re-
sume the exercise of their functions; previously taki up an
oath to be taitliful to the Government of the United Stares
as long as they "hull be in possession of the countiy. The
authority of all militia commissions is suspended in said
district, and the officers lequired to give their parole, in
such way as the ofucei wiio may be appointed by the com-
manding general to administer the government shall di-
rect."
I commend to the attention of those whose fears
have discovered in the recent proclamations of
Stockton and Kearny alarming and unprecedented
encroachments on our republican system, this proc-
lamation of Harrison and Perry. It may allay
their fears to reflect that among the distinguished
men of the last generation few better understood
constitutional law, or more jealously guarded con-
stitutional rights, than James Madison.
Such reflections, one might hope, would some-
what reconcile them to the rightful character of
the steps taken by our Government daring the
past progress of this Mexican war. Yet, even
then, the future and its destiny rise up to alarm.
"Where (they demand) is all this to end? The
torch of glory, the phantom of ambition, whither
are these to lead? At what point in our career of
aggrandizement shall we stay our steps? What
conquests will satisfy? what boundary content us?
It is impossible, with so much uncertainty before
us, to offer a trustworthy opinion as to the exact
line of boundary, which, in any future treaty with
Mexico, it may be deemed proper to demand, in
satisfaction of debts long due, and as indemnity
for the expenses of a war thrust upon us without
provocation. If that war be much longer protracted,
public opinion, in my judgment, will settle down
upon a line running up the Rio Grande to about
the parallel of thirty-tiro ; thence, with that parallel
as a basis, west to the Gulf of California, and
thence, perhaps, down that gulf to the Pacific,
givin"" us the territory of New Mexico and the
Califormas, and leaving untouched the States, or
rather the Departments, of Mexico proper.
The country which, under such a boundary,
would fall to the United States, is very sparsely
peopied. California, in its upper portion, including
three-fourths of the entire territory, is estimated to
contain but one inhabitant to every sixteen square
miles. The London Times, a paper sufficiently
disposed to favor Mexico, speaking of the proba-
bility that the war will make this country ours,
expresses, in its leader of the 9lh November last,
the opinion, that the loss will not be " a sensible
blow to Mexico,1" and adds:
"The Mexicans po^ce^d it, n=* Ppain had possessed it,
before them, in nominal, rather than m real sovereignty."
The territory of Now Mexico is somewhat more
populous; but even there the estimate is but one
inhabitant to each square mile and a half: and,
with Texas and California ours, it would be wholly
inadmissible on our part, and of little advantage
on Mexico's, to leave her a narrow, almost de-
tached, strip of country, projecting some five hun-
dred miles into the possessions of the United
States.
The annexation to our Union of wild territory,
such as the Californias, chiefly occupied by no-
madic tribes of Indians, presents little difficulty,
either present or prospective. It will be gradually
settled, like Oregon, by our own citizens; carrying
with them our language, our laws, and our repub-
lican institutions.
South of latitude thirty-two, the state of things
is widely different. Even in the northern depart-
ments, the population seldom fails below an aver-
age of live to the square mile; in San Luis Potosi
and Zacatecas it reaches ten or twelve. And this
population has its own customs, habits, language,
religion; all differing from ours. It has its preju-
dices, too, against us. Its rulers have sought to
persuade it, that we are the aggressors, led on by
thirst for conquest, and waging a war of races and
of religions. Ithas been told—and voices even from
this Hall have endorsed the charge—that our in-
tention is, first to overrun and subjugate; and then
to annex department after department fo our Union
by force. But our Government has expressly dis-
claimed all such intentions. The language of its
proclamation, issued by General Taylor, is:
£< We coinc to obtain reparation for lepeated wrongs and
injuries; we come to obtain indemnity for the pa^t; we
come to overthiow the tyrants who have destroyed your
liberties ; hut we coinu to make rio war on the people of
Mexico, nor upon any foim of free government they may
select for themselves."
If the Mexican authorities should chance to cast
their eyes over these remarks of mine, and should
find in what I am about to say, one of those
"springs and artifices" by which, according to
them, we despoil their country of her possess-
ions, so be it! I avow my hope that the northern
departments—states, alas! no longer—will rise, will
cast off the yoke of a military despot, and select
for themselves a form of free government. I avow
my hope, that if thev do rise, our Government, so
long as this war shall last, will aid and support the
movement.
Grievances enough have they to redress, wrongs
enough to avenge. A federal constitution over-
thrown, the right of suffrage abolished, the liberty
of the press destroyed, the very arms seized upon,
with which alone women and children could be
protected from Indian massacre—if outrages such
as these absolve not from all allegiance to the Gov-
ernment that inflicts them, then is all revolution
but rebellion, and men, once enslaved, should re-
main forever slaves.
Until this war commenced, we of the United
States could but look on, when Mexican republi-
cans struck for freedom; could but give them our
£ood wishes, or at most, an encouraging word.
But now, our hands are free. Their oppressors
are our enemies; and no law forbids, that, when
they move for their rights, we should make com-
mon cause with them.
Such a movement, however, in its inception, is
their affair, not ours. To be effectual, it must be
spontaneous. Its benefits will inure to the Mexi-
cans, and with them it should originate. I sup-
pose that our Government will not interfere. It
will not, I imagine, persuade or dissuade, in the
matter. But if, without its agency, the republi-
cans of Northern Mexico rise against the Central
Government, we shall have the right, and I hope
we shall use it, to extend to any such movement
the protection of the American army.
I do not believe that Northern Mexico, if, bv
such aid, she achieved her independence, would
desire other relations with us than those of peace,
friendship, and commerce. I do not believe she
would desire annexation. I am very sure that, at
the present, she is wholly unnrepared for it. _ If,
this day, she became part and parcel of ourUnion,
it would be but the beginning of trouble. Color,
an established creed, domestic institutions—at ev-
ery step some new difficulty would start up in our
path. We neither share her feelings, nor under-
stand her prejudices. Therefore we cannot frame
laws to meet'her wants, or to satisfy her people.
It may not always be so. Free intercourse will
soften, and at last remove, the prejudice, which
Mexican rulers, to serve their own ends, have
spread abroad against us in these departments.
And when opinions, political, social, and religious,
shall, by the assimilating influence of time, have
approached each other; when railroads and tele-
graphs, the great machineiy of civilization, shall
have crossed the Rio Bravo; when, it may be, the
sons of our republic, attracted by the black eyes
of Mexican beauty, shall have found homes and
wives in those far regions of the south; then, when
mutual relations of peace and good will shall have
sprung up between the races—then may come
annexation; come, when mutually desired; come,
because mutually acceptable.
Meanwhile, since in Southern Mexico military
despotism retains the ascendant, I should rejoice
to see arise, north of latitude twenty-two, perhaps,
an independent republic. The departments of So-
nora, Sinaloa, Chihuahua, Durango, Coahuila,
New Leon, Tamauhpas, San Luis Potosi, but,
above all, republican Zacatecas, have all, at times,
evinced their impatience of the tyranny which
robs them alike of their*freedom and of their sub-
stance; burdening them with the maintenance of a
greedy and numerous soldiery, who live without
work, except that of oppression, and thus reducing
them at once to poverty and to bondage. Stung
by repeated injuries, they have several times at-
tempted a revolution. I believe that the spiritof
the brave and generous Mexia lives among them
yet, and will show itself, ere long, in a decisive and
victorious movement.
If they succced, with them we shall find no diffi-
culty to negotiate a treaty of boundaries. And
with a belt of free States thus interposing some ten
degrees of latitude between us and Southern Mexi-
co, the chances would be much diminished of in-
jury from that miscalled republic m war, or of
quarrel with her in peace.
And now, m conclusion, will gentlemen on the
other side of the House suffer me to address to
them a few not unfriendly words.
That which is spoken in this Hall remains not
here. It is published to the world. It goes to our
enemies as well as to our friends. When members
of an American Congress assert, that the war in
which their country is engaged is unholy, unrighte-
ous, damnable; the President's war, who ought to
be arraigned as a usurper for making it; every word
they speak maybe read—in all human probability
js read, and with avidity—in the national palace of
Mexico. When members of an American Con-
gress declare, that Mexicans, for their manly resist-
ance in such a war, ate to be honored and applaud-
ed, they speak, as it were, to the very men they
praise and cncourage; even in the ears of Santa
Ana snd his advisers.
Words that are to strengthen the hands and
cheer the hearts of the public enemy should be well
weighed before they are uttered. I condemn no
man, who speaks, from the depths of the heart,
his honest thought. It is his right; and not the
less his right, because of the consequence, be that
what it will. If those who put Mexico in the
right and their country and her President in the
wrong, speak as they are prompted by.the love of
truth and justice alone, their language, no matter
whom it may aid and comfort, shall pass unre-
proved by me. But if, with this indignant zeal
for justice to Mexico there mingle one motive less
pure than truth, one lurking thought of party profit
in an approaching contest at home, how stands the
matter then? Not national treasure and national
honor only, human lives are at stake in this war.
They who drag it, as an element of advantage,
into the arena of party strife, piay with human
lives! If any man, with even a glancing thought
in his mind towards the Presidential succession,
use words, put forth arguments, of wh'ch the ten-
dency is to nerve the arm of the enemy, and thus
protract the war, he saciifices, on tin3 prostituted
altar of party, his country's treasure, honor, well-
being—yes, and the blood of her bravest sons.
And such a man, thus placing obstacles-m the
way of negotiation, thus retarding an honorable
peace, is the enemy, alike of Ins country and of
civilization. The spirit of war is fast departing
from the eaith. One feels, in these modern days,
when engaged even in the most justifiable war, as
may some participant in a disreputable brawl, re-
luctantly dragged into it by chance and bad neigh-
borhood. The necessity of the thing cannot blind
one's eyes to us barbarism. A man, or a nation,
meriting to be called civilized, seeks the first pause
m the combat, to hasten its termination.
But what chance of terminating the war, while
the enemy is daily fed with hopes, that, divided
in feeling and distracted in counsel, we cannot, for
any length of time, conduct military operations
with vigor, or prosecute them with success? To
dispose Mexico to peace, she must see us united,
harmonious, conscious of the justice of our cause,
ready to put forth all our strength. Then, and
